 I recently bought this charger kit from Amazon and I am quite happy with my purchase . The folding plug is nice for storage . The included 1850 mAh batteries last for a long time in my Nikon Coolpix 2100 . One of the best features of the charger is that each battery is charged separately -LRB- as opposed to in pairs -RRB- so that each battery gets just the right amount of charge . The short 3 hour charge time is great as well . The batteries do not get overly warm while charging either.Overall , this is a good charger for a good price . If you have a high drain device , the Kodak K2000 should keep you playing for a long time .
 The batteries are excellent -LRB- 1850 's -RRB- , and the charger is super fast , and stops charging when done . I love that you just plug the unit right into the wall with no unruly cords . My Sony digital only takes 2 AA batteries , so with this charger , I always have two sets of spare batteries with me in my case . This charger even charges up my SONY AA batteries that came with the camera.Highly recommended !
 Greetings . Kodak also has a K6000 charger which comes with 4 NiMH 2100 mAh batteries . Two batteries charge is 64 minutes and 4 batteries charge in 140 minutes . The problem is that Amazon does n't carry them YET . Good bye .
 I have used and recharged my batteries nearly 100 times already and it shows no sign of giving out . Perfect for remote controls or other battery `` hungry '' devices , but they work just like normal batteries as far as life span is concerned . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 This is simpily the best rechargable batteries I have ever own!But there is a slight issue in which is the reason why I have to return this for something else - different mAh ratings!The charger comes with 1700mAh Batteries !!! Not 1850 !!!!!! I purchase this for use in my GPS/GMRS radios -LRB- which eats 3 per unit -RRB- . So natually , I purchase this charger with extra Kodak Max K2000 batteries -LRB- same product name , and pretty looks the same in picture -RRB- but the problem is that the extra set is rated at 1850 ! I was planning to use those on my gps , but if the ratings are different , my data between the units might be incorrect.Bottom line , if 4 batteries are all you need , or you can use them in sets of 2 or all 4 at once . GO FOR IT !!! I am a gadget freak and I test many different products frequently . When it comes to batteries - this is it , hands down .
 I was pleasantly surprised that this charger was so small . The others that I looked at were larger . I also appreciate the fact that this one does n't have a long cord that has to be curled up when I 'm not using it . It takes up much less room in the camera bag . Another plus is that the plug folds under when not in use . That makes the unit even more compact and the plug is less likely to scratch something when stored away .
 These will more than pay for themselves , they are perfect for my GPS which will drain a cheap battery in less than an hour.btw the charger did come with 1850 batteries .
 This is an excellent product . I bought this for my digital camera . It has a great battery life per charge . Charger is handy to carry .
 This is a top of the line charger with 4 top of the line batteries made by a top of the line company . There 's a lot of claims out there about what the best batteries and charger are . Take my word for it , stick with this product and you ca n't go wrong . Great product at a great price !!
 Check out Maha Energy 's website . Their Powerex MH-C204F charger works in 100 minutes for rapid charge , with option for slower charge -LRB- better for batteries -RRB- . And they have 2200 mAh batteries .
 This is the only battery recharger I ever owned . It seems to work just fine .
 I have used kodak product for years . The latest kodak product I bought was probly the cheapest digital camera kodak sells theDC3200.I bought this camera to take pictures of things I want to sell at auctions such as ebay or things I advertise for sale where ever . this little camera does a good job.I would recommend kodak accessories for any kind of photoes.A . P. L.COOKEVILLE , TN .
 I need a fast , compact charger that could easily fit into my digital camera bag . Other chargers are compact , BUT the electric cord takes up a lot of room . This charger DOES NOT have an electric cord to contend with , Instead , it has a collapsable plug , which folds completely hidden into the unit when not in use , allowing it to be placed neatly into the camera bag pocket.With the storage issue taken care of , the performance of this unit is above expectations . The recharging process is less than 3 hours . Unlike other models , you can recharge either one , two three or all four batteries at once and still get a full charge on all batteries . The two battery option is nice for my kids walkie-talkie batteries . The shut down mode when complete is a nice option that is really needed , especially for the time when you forget about the charger until the next morning.I 've tried several other chargers and this is the BEST model that I have worked with . Compact , easy storage , fast charging , auto shutdown , charge less than 4 at a time . ALL the options I need for a battery charger .
 The charger makes quick work out of charging all four batteries simultaneously , and automatically shuts off when finished , which is very convenient -- no more burned out batteries.Also , the batteries , 1850 mAH , which come with this charger seem to be the highest rated you can buy , and do last very long . Just out of the box , without prior charging , they already outperfomed the Alkalines I had been using previously in my Canon A70 . Definately a great buy.One complaint , however , is that the springs that come down to hold smaller AAAs in place break too easily , and will not firmly hold AAAs in place while charging . This has absolutely no affect on Double A batteries , but is an annoyance when trying to charge triple A batteries . It will still charge them , but it 's a hassle trying to get the batteries to stay in place when the clip does not hold them sturdily.Overall , a sufficient battery charger . If you are just using it to charge AAs , this is perfect . If you will primarily be charging AAAs , I would look into a different charger , perhaps one that does not involve spring-loading holding mechanisms at all .
 After reading the reviews , I bought this charger . It is everything the positive reviewers are saying . It is simple to use , just fold out the electric prongs and plug into a wall outlet or extension cord . In 3 hours , up to 4 NiMH AA batteries are charged -LRB- you can charge 1 to 4 batteries at a time -RRB- . This charger will shut itself off when it is done charging -- in 3 hours . It has lights for each battery telling you when it is charging and the lights go out to let you know that the batteries are fully charged . Since the electric prongs can fold in , the charger can easily fit into a camera bag , or pocket . It is about 2-1/2 '' by 5 '' -LRB- inches -RRB- in dimension . This is an excellent product !!!
 I bought this charger to go with my handheld Garmin GPS unit . Once I got this unit , I did some testing using Energizer batteries . I did a full charge of these batteries and they ran as long if not a bit longer than the Energizer batteries . So once you calculate that these can be charged 800 times , they are a MUCH better deal than buying normal batteries all the time . I also bought a 4 pack of the 1850mAh batteries because all the reviews said the charger came with 1700 's and the 1850 's were that much better . They were wrong , the charger came with 4 1850 's so save your -LSB- money -RSB- on the extra pack .
 This battery charger only takes three , yes THREE hours to charge up to 4 AA or AAA batteries . Some of my friends ' chargers take 8 hours -LRB- overnight -RRB- to a full day to charge batteries and they hate it . They paid the same or even more for their chargers too ! Switch to this charger and you will never complain . It is one of the fastest chargers and also includes four AA 1700 mAh NiMH batteries which is valued up to $ so this is a great buy . One of the best chargers because it is lightweight , the plug can be folded into the charger , and is super fast !
 I have really enjoyed using these 1850 NiMH Batteries - they last quite a long time in my A70 digital camera and CD player and the charge time is very quick compared to others . Plus , the fact that you can charge each battery individually is very nice , since it prevents overcharging of any battery . Others charge 2 batteries at once and that assumes that both need to charge as long as the other . Also , the charger works well with AA and AAA NiCad and NiMH batteries . Great buy ...
 Charger is compact and charged batteries in 3 hours . The kit came with 1850 mAh batteries ; even better ...
 I just bought this battery charger a few months ago and it works PERFECTLY with my Canon PowerShot A60 . It charges up to 4 AA or AAA batteries in LESS THAN 3 HOURS ALL THE TIME!The charger is small and easily portable so you can bring it with you anywhere for quick charging.The only downside to the charger I have found so far is that you ca n't leave it in the outlet overnight or it will overheat , so you have to come back to it in 3-4 hours . Other than that , this is THE charger to buy !
 You said '' ... but the charge only lasts a very short time . `` Did you know that new Ni-MH batteries must be cycled 3 to 5 times before they hold a full charge ? This does not mean that they should be charged 3 to 5 times in a row but rather that for the first 3 to 5 charge/discharge cycles , the batteries reach a higher charge level each time until they are recharged until they finally reach their rated capacity . This may be your problem . Try doing this and you might be pleasantly surprised .
 i 'd have this for a month and using it every other day . It charges fast and I havent had a problem with low batteries yet -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . I use a 256 meg card and take high quality pictures as well as motion pictures without an problems .
 Reviewed quite a bit of the combo players and was hesitant due to unfavorable reviews and size of machines . I am weaning off my VHS collection , but do n't want to replace them with DVD 's . This unit is well built , easy to setup and resolution and special effects -LRB- no progressive scan for HDTV owners -RRB- suitable for many people looking for a versatile product.Cons - No universal remote .
 After reading several reviews on this item , I purchased it as a Christmas gift . My brother liked it a lot , so I decided to get one for my wife and me . I 'm really glad I did . It 's pretty easy to set up and use , and the playback is excellent in both the VCR and DVD modes . The remote also operates my JVC TV . This is a great choice if you 're looking for a quality combination player from a trusted name in electronics .
 This is a nice combo DVD/VCR . I 've had it for a couple of years now and have had no problems . That 's really why I 'm writing ; I want to let people know the ones with problems are probably the exception rather than the rule.The only disadvantages to this product for me :1 -RRB- On the VCR , you ca n't FF by time -LRB- a panasonic feature ; FF a given number of minutes -RRB- 2 -RRB- Once you set the VCR program , you must hit TIMER -LRB- not just power off -RRB- to get it to use the program . Okay , hitting TIMER will turn the power off , but let 's say you want to record something later in the week . You will turn your deck on and off several times in that period . Do you want to hit TIMER every time ? And by the way , hitting TIMER does n't just turn the deck off , it switches to DVD mode . In theory , this is nice so you can still use your DVD player while recording a show . In practice you just end up turning off two things -LRB- VCR via TIMER , DVD via power -RRB- most of the time .3 -RRB- No S-video input . I had to buy a S-video to composite video adapter to record something from my PC video card . By the way , do n't do this ; the quality is pretty low.Little advantages to this product for me :1 -RRB- Front panel inputs ; I use this to dub from my video camera very often2 -RRB- Comprehensive remote ; for me , the more buttons the better . I hate on-screen menus . How can I see what the picture looks like when I adjust the tracking if 88 % of the screen is the tracking menu ? 3 -RRB- Many flavors of A/V OUTPUT
 This VCR/DVD was an early Christmas present to myself after deciding to join the rest of the world in DVD-land but not wanting to let go of my VHS movies quite yet . Based on the reviews and price , and because I own a JVC TV , this was my choice . I agree with the easy set-up . It 's a bit awkward to work the whole TV/VHS/DVD selection options but I think I 've gotten the hang of it.Two comments
 I decided to wait over a year to write a review on this unit , and thankfully my opinion since the first day I got it has n't changed . It 's wonderful ! I was suprised to find a full feature DVD player included . A friend of mine bought a relatively expensive DVD player and it did n't have some of the features this unit has -LRB- albeit its a bit smaller -RRB- . I have never experienced performance issues while using the DVD player in 12 + months . Zoom feature comes in handy as well , if you rent DVDs and do n't necessarily want the whole long apect ratio . VCR works great as well . Recordings done in SP look excellent , colors are great and its not grainy at all . EP recordings look great for being EP as well , if you sit back on the couch you ca n't tell the difference . Only problem there is sometimes it takes a few seconds to track with EP , but it normally finds the right setting fairly quickly . The remote is easy to use once you learn it . It can be confusing at first , but now I would n't use anything else . It can control all the TV functions as well at the combo unit . If you want to take a small step into the world of DVD players , but not let go of your old VHS tapes , this is the player for you . Especially now , with the price quite reduced from when I bought it . You will not be disappointed !
 I have had this DVD/VCR combo for a couple of weeks and it does the jobs it is supposed to . Some reviews have said the machine was noisy I have not found this to be the case , I do n't even notice the DVD player making noise.It was also easy to set up and comes in crystal clear.The most important aspect for me is that you can record a TV show and watch a DVD at the same time.Some reviews stated that the VCR did not play back recorded shows well especialy if it was recorded on another vcr , I have not found this to be the case . If you do you may not have set the tape to the right speed , you have to do it manualy.The one thing that bugs me is when you have the timer program on and you want to use the vcr you have to shut the timer off and when your done turn it on again or your prgrams will not record .
 I bought this unit for one reason - to play back DVD 's I write with my HP DVD200i DVD+RW drive . The unit 's specs do n't mention DVD+RW but it 's there . The MP3 quality is also excellent through my Bose system . It would have been nice if the MP3 directory was n't limited to 200 titles per CD but not really a problem . Great unit .
 Simple to set up , easy to operate - a very nice unit . Excellent & clear picture & sound . Have n't had a chance to try the VHS portion yet - the twin teens are hogging the machine , & just adore it ! Good way to be able to move up to DVD while still having quick access to your VHS tapes , with the same equipment & hookup . A good choice at a reasonable price .
 This is a great dvd and vcr player !! I have had this for about 10 years and nothing has happened to it and still works like a charm ! progressive scan on my new HDTV looks clear and near blu-ray quality ! and the vcr movies still perform outstandingly great !
 BUYNG THIS ITEM COLD I USE DVD AND WHS WITH ITALIAN SYSTEM ' ?
 This is one of the newest and hottest new combination DVD/VCR combinations on the market today . Upon picking up my purchase of the HR-XVC1U I was impressed . The finish and construction of this product is first rate , and it provides just about every feature one could hope for in a combination unit . Although it does not provide progressive scan for the HD TV owner , for those of us who have a 2 to 3 year old large screen set of 32 - 36 or projection size , it performs admirably . It will play SVHS tapes , and record and play VHS with a clarity I have not seen even on my older SVHS unit . It will also record VHS and show a DVD at the same time . Hook ups and Outputs will impress even the most demanding . The DVD will play all DVD and CD formats . The Remote , it should be noted , is not Universal with the exception of other JVC products , and the Users manual was obviously written by someone with English as a second language . However , if you are able to look past these small limitations , you will not be disappointed . I highly reccomend this product .
 I purchased this JVC VHS/DVD combo player after my old VCR pooped out and when I decided I needed a DVD player in my room in addition to the one in our family room . I bought this player when it first came out ; VHS/DVD combo players were brand new and seemed much more sensible than separate players . However , I had reservations about this unit , wondering if the quality of the DVD and VHS portions would suffer since both were crammed into one box . My fears were unfounded -- this indeed is a fantastic player!First , I really enjoy the chrome finish ; it perfectly matches my silver 24 '' flat-screen TV . Second , I love the unit 's included remote . All of the buttons are solidly formed , and the rew/play/ff / rec/stop/pause buttons glow in the dark for watching movies late at night . Third , the quality of VHS recording is wonderful . I do n't know what other reviewers are talking about when they complain of poor quality tape recording ; everything I 've taped , even on the `` EP '' -LRB- extra-long play -RRB- setting , has come out wonderfully . Sometimes , programs taped on certain VCRs look fuzzy on other sets in the house -LRB- i.e. if I try to record downstairs with a different VCR and play it back in my room -RRB- , but anything I tape with this JVC unit is crystal clear on each set in our house . Fourth , I love the different A/V options the JVC unit is capable of utilizing . The JVC unit allows RCA , composite , S-Video , and component cable connections , so use whatever connection works with your TV . I strongly recommend using the component cable hookup as it offers the highest-quality picture . Fifth , I love the functions of the DVD player . Not only does this JVC player offer standard DVD functions like subtitles and markers , it also offers cool functions like zooming . DVDs , CDs , CD-Rs , and VCDs are supported , but SVCDs are not . Sixth , this quality piece of equipment comes at a great price . JVC makes a great unit , and the price is affordable , so do n't buy another brand in hopes of getting a better deal.The JVC VHS/DVD player has several A/V options , provides high-quality recording , looks great , comes with a super remote , supports many popular disc formats , and does all of these things for an affordable price . If you 're looking for a high-quality , yet modestly-priced piece of equipment to handle your VHS and DVD needs , look no further than this great JVC unit .
 Trying to get two audio pieces into one box , offering decent quality , plenty of useful features & low cost may be impossible . I looked at many brands . I needed a unit that has `` optical '' output for DTS & 5.1 digital to go into my Marantz SR 8000 audio receiver . The cheapest units do not have this , so stay with the better name brands . At this price point I seriously doult that any brand will be very reliable . These units are not being made in Japan , which stood for excellent quality . Instead , China , Tawain , etc. are making them . Making two units into one may save on some costs , but the cost cutting may be the use of cheaper parts inside . So do n't expect much from these units.I wanted to replace my older DVD player with one that plays CD-R , CD-RW , and MP3 . I purchased the JVC HRXVC1 , based on good reviews . JVC is the inventor of VHS vcr , and I have known people to have good luck with their electronics . I also like Panasonic , which makes very reliable electronics . I have had 3 good vcrs with Panasonic , but the clerk said that they were having higher than normal returns on their combo players . Had it not been for that , I would stay with Panasonic.This JVC HRXVC1 vcr/dvd combo has more than enough features needed to play tapes & discs . At this pricepoint it appears to be one of the best featured units I 've seen . Hooking it up to my surround receiver was difficult , probably just my fault , although the book is n't clear on the hookup of the `` optical '' setup with the receiver connections with VCR , etc. . Once hooked up , it was worth the effort . The setup was quick and easy . The cds sounded great . The dvd 's are crystal clear . The vcr recorded tapes are playing good , and no problems ... The GOOD
 Usually anyone purchasing a combination DVD/VCR player has particular criteria they are meeting in order to get both forms of video into their television . Space , convenience , budget among other reasons comes to mind . That aside , looking at an actual unit the person is most likely more interested about the VCR . DVD reproduction at this level looks so good that it is almost a given fact that it will perform up to someone 's expectations . The VCR is another matter . For my own needs I am concerned about the playback of pre-recorded tapes and playback of home VHS recordings that I made . How the DVD/VCR player records in VHS is also important but to a lesser degree . JVC brand VCRs are an interesting and confusing animal when it comes to playback of tapes . I own two JVC S-VHS recorders with flying erase heads . I also own several SONY and older RCA VCRs from the good old days . The problem with JVC is that they play certain tapes back beautifully and others dreadfully . I took several samples of video tape recordings and demonstrated playback on this unit just to see for myself . -LRB- I know salesmen at a local electronics store in the area and they always let me try out equipment . They just love low-end technology guys like me . -RRB- Pre-recorded movies looked acceptable and I really mean no better than acceptable . Recordings I made on my JVC units in SP and EP modes looked excellent on this unit . Recordings I made on my other SONY units in the SP mode look very good . RCA recordings in SP look average . Recordings I made on my other SONY units in the EP mode looked horrible . They looked like blurred images without any trace of definition . Recordings I made on my other RCA units in LP and EP modes again looked blurred without any trace of definition . However , I made an actual recording on this unit from a satellite broadcast and the playback looked excellent . The bottom line on this unit is that the DVD side looked very good and the VCR performed just about the same as my stand-alone units which I own . There were really no surprises . When I make recordings at home I indicate which VCR the recording was made on just for the very reasons I mentioned above . After many years I have found that a recording usually looks best when played back on the unit it was made from . The reality today is that VHS is an outdated but necessary technology because many of us have a monetary and/or sentimental investment in tape recordings . I think this JVC unit is good but I rate it based upon how I would be using it relative to my library of VHS recordings and how they are going to look .
 Love this machine ! Works great ! Set up was easy , although I probably made it harder than it needed to be.I spent some time trying to understand the manual . I finallly just went for it and found setting up the machine was easy.I connected the cable to the dvd player , the color coded cords from the DVD player to the TV & TADA ! I was done.I was able to view a VHS tape immediately or switch to a DVD . What 's nice about this machine is that I do n't have to got through a lot of gyrations to view a DVD or VHS tape . The Sanyo I used to have required all kinds of set up just to view a DVD . -LRB- The moon had to be in Aquarious in the seven house and the planets had to be in alignment , just kidding -RRB- . But seriously , I had to write down the steps for the Sanyo just to remember how to use it . Do n't think you 'll have that problem with this machine . A happy customer .
 I have to say that this is a great DVD/VCR player . The vcr picture is clear and sharp . I wish that it had VCR + , but instead you have to program the tv shows you want to tape mannually . There should also be an eject button on the remote for the vcr . It 's easy to set up , although the user manul is a little confusing , and when you are done setting up what you want to record you have to press the timmer button in order for it to record the shows you want , which is a little annoying . The DVD is great , it also had a clear and sharp picture and works great . I would reccommend buying this JVC combo , because it works great , easy to set up and very little trouble .
 I got this machine primarily for the DVD with MP3 playback . It turns out , that most DVD players with MP3 capability do n't allow you to select `` random '' playing of the tracks !??? I replaced my 12 year-old CD player and my sub-par VCR with this one machine . I 'm very happy with it so far , although I wish it had another component input in the back . The DVD playback is awesome . The VCR playback seems fine as well , although since getting TiVo , I do n't really use it that much . I recommend this to anyone who wants a versatile player of good quality .
 I like this product because I can use all the VHS tapes I 've accumulated and all the new DVD 's there are out there now.The only problem I have is the remote wo n't work with my RCA television and my tv remote wo n't work with the DVD/VCR .
 I 'm a JVC nut ... I have 3 JVC televisions , one VCR , one bookshelf audio system and car audio system . So when it came time to move the VCR player to the boys room and get another one for the old man I knew what make it was going to be . I decided on the combo player because I do n't think VHS is going to be around much longer . I like my combo player except for 2 things : -LRB- 1 -RRB- no cable box compatability on the remote control -LRB- 2 -RRB- no seperate audio video inputs only input for coax cable from my cable box so all of the cable programming is in mono ... wife ca n't tell the difference in the sound so if she 's happy then I 'll just live with it . VCR and DVD look and sound GREAT !!!!!!!
 Light weight , space saving very attractive design . Sharp Picture , Good sound quality and quick response time . DVD playback also excellent . Only negative is its remote control . It is hard to read the functions of the keys due to color choices . The placement of the keys are almost illogical and you have to look at it carefully before each use . It almost seems like it was designed by an imbecil . The quality , the features and the price still makes this TV an excellent buy .
 I bought this for my son 's bedroom and it is a perfect size and very valuable . I have been a long time patron of Sylvania products because they have never let me down .
 I bought this to replace a 13 '' tube tv in my kitchen . What I gained was a larger screen plus relcaiming the counter space . The picture is good , and the internal DVD player is a bonus . All in all , a good purchase .
 The color is good . the picture is clear . Overall I would give it a 5 .
 I bought this tv at the beginning of the year and it has been nothing but wonderful . It 's so versatile . I love how you can tilt it up and down . The stand is awesome and you have the option to wall mount it . The remote is really easy to use as well . No complaints so far ! ; -RRB-
 Recieved this item in very fast time . was perfectely happy with shipper and sylvania lcd tv is excellent buy and works perfect . would do business with shipper anytime .
 The first one I bought was defective . The DVD did n't work at all . I purchased it from Electronics Express and when I contacted them they were wonderful . They gave me an RMA number right away , Fedex picked it up the next day and a new one arrived 1 week later . This one is just fine . I really love the clarity of the picture . My only complaint is that in DVD mode , the sound is n't loud enough . I have it in my RV and with the A/C running , I can barely hear it . I solved the problem by running an audio out jack from the TV to the input on the RV stereo speaker system . It 's very lightweight and easy to move around and store . A bonus for the RV . The remote is n't great , but it works just fine and the video/audio jacks and antenna input are easy to get to as is the DVD player . All in all , it 's a great deal for the price .
 This bag has tons of room . I fit 2 Minolta SLR cameras , zoom lens , film , cleaning kit , instruction manuals , filters , and a whole lot more in this bag . Also it is made of good quality . This bag is the perfect size !!!!
 Nice bag , if not a little simple . Feels like good quality . There are certainly more custom bags out there , but this one is providing solid protection for my Maxxum 5 and lenses .
 I have used many video cameras in my life , but I have never owned one until now . I worked at audio/video stores for several years and saw lots of different formats and brands come and go . Never a fan of the VHS format or its junky little brother , Compact VHS , I knew 8mm was the way to go , at least back then . Nowadays , though , Mini DV seems to be taking over with even smaller cassettes and better picture quality . However , I do n't have that kind of money to afford a DV or Digital 8mm camcorder . Yet.Enter the TRV-108 , a nifty little video camera that uses the HiBand 8mm format , superior to 8mm , but certainly not in the ballpark of Digital8 or DV . Still , its compact size and light weight make it easy to carry around almost anywhere and given the first 8mm camcorder I ever used was big enough that part of it sat on my shoulder , this is a great improvement . It comes with a 160 minute ` InfoLithium ' battery and little else except a lens cap and strap . It takes great pictures and has a nifty menu system navigated by a little wheel at the back that works like like a volume control and when you have selected what you want from the on-screen display , you just press the wheel to make it happen . This makes titling a snap . I do miss the title image-grabbing function from older 8mm cameras , though.The 2.5 '' color back lit LCD screen is clear and easy to read in all but the brightest sunlight and failing that , it also has a small .5 '' black and white display through the view finder . The 40x zoom is fantastic , but you better have steady hands in order to use it . And using the 460x digital zoom is impossible with anything but a tripod . The camera is equipped with a nightshot mode that actually does work , amplifying light in dark areas , making the image more visible , if green . The TRV-108 also comes with some neat digital effects like sepia tone , which gives video a nice old movie look , a pastel effect which gives everything a cartoony look , black and white , 16:9 aspect shots , plus other effects . It can also do snazzy digital fade-ins and fade-outs . This camera only really has two failings . For the most part , built in camera lights are useless , but the TRV-108 does n't even have an accessory shoe for mounting an external light source . Something I found kind of maddening to the point where I even toyed with the idea of finding a camera at a garage sale , ripping it apart , and super glue the shoe to the top . Second , while the built-in microphone is very sensitive at picking up voices and ambient sounds , it does not have a foam wind sock . In moderate winds the roar of the air as it passed over the mike caused a lot of noise . And if it 's too loud , like when I shot at the base of a waterfall , the noise caused image distortion lines ! These two missing features cost the camera a full five-star review.All in all though , this is a pretty decent little toy . It 's not a serious camcorder and a far from a Canon GL-1s or Xl-1s , but for what I use it for , it 's still pretty darn good . It 's also low cost enough that purchasing it and using it as a good way to find out if you want to go for a bigger and better camera with more features , whether it be a Digital8 or Mini DV camera . It has taught me a lot about framing shots and what a pain the noon day sun can be . The long life of the battery means that , with a little mental effort , you can shoot a full 2 hour tape on one battery . Not bad for a trip to the zoo to send a tape to your folks .
 I 've been waiting and waiting for the best value in a Sony Hi8 Camcorder and by far this is it ! This is my very first camcorder . I 've been doing a lot of research and comparison on which sony model will suit me best , then this came out . I quickly grabbed it after finding out how reasonably priced it was . I bought it at -LSB- a local store -RSB- during -LSB- a -RSB- Sale ... I 've never laid hand on a camcorder before and I am very pleased to find out how easy it was to operate . I was able to do the playback on my TV and dubbing on my VCR with ease . It has great features , great sound and best of all best picture quality . I know there are a lot of people out there like myself who are not ready to spend a lot of money on a camcorder especially for the very first time . Well , you will not be disappointed with this one ! It comes with all the accessories to get you started . Battery charging is very fast , instructions are easy to follow when it comes to recording , playback and editing , the night shot feature is great , best of all the LCD screen is so fun to use especially when you have a `` little one '' to capture on video . This is definitely as great buy !
 This was our family 's first camcorder and I 'd have to say that it does its job wonderfully . This camcorder has all the basic features you need to create great home videos . Our results so far are very satisfying . The only drawback is that you must buy an extra battery AND a camcorder bag ! These are essential accessories that you must get if you plan to travel with your camcorder . What I love about this camcorder is that it could automatically convert to 220V , which is great when you travel . There 's also the nightshot feature . I guess what this lacks is the ` image stabilizer . ' However , I heard that stabilizers may actually worsen the picture quality on Hi8 camcorders . Whatever the case , we are very happy with our purchase and would highly recommend this product . It 's high quality by a great brand and it would last you til you upgrade ...
 Wanted a camera for Christmas and got this one because of the price , and needless to say it 's a great camera . Just got back from DisneyWorld and the 108 performed extremely well . The nightshot proved handy in those dark rides , and the quality of picture was well for the Festival of the Lion King performance . The only problem I saw was that the autofocus was slow to adapt at times during those fireworks and laser shows . I did n't expect it to keep up , but it did better than I expected . Talk about impact resistant , I had a hissy when it fell out of the bag into the boat on the pirates of the carribean , but it took a lickin and it 's still ticking . Once home , I just connected it to my TV and watched my vacation replay . Great camera for the price , definately worth more . Only thing better is digital . Sony has a winner here .
 My old hi 8 went caput after 10 years use that was very trouble free.The new one has way more features that the 100 and costs much less . ... I use the viewfinder instead of the display as I am used to it and so far have recorded 3 hours on it and it tells me I have 2 hours left . I used the telephoto constantly which takes power put am very happy with the resultsI recharge the battery after use with the no memory effect so no problems . I use the supplied battery for dubbing and it will run 2 hrs in the dubbing mode which is great.I dub hi 8 super vhs output to a super vhs vcr and do not notice andy difference in the quality of the dub.Yes there is a more blurry picture if you dub to standard vhs but that is normal.Unless you want to do some super pro stuff this camera is the one to get . Dave PS get metal evaporated tape for top notch 400 lines picture quality .
 i just recieved this camera as a gift for my 16th birthday . I love it ! It was so easy to work , and has proven already that making videos are fun . It allows me to make movies for friends and family without having to deal with a whole lot of buttons and distractions . I think this is great for someone unfamiliar with cameras or someone who just wants something simple but of good quality.sincerely , elena
 The camera is very easy to use . It 's not as bulky as other reviews make it out to be . The battery life has been great and the picture clarity has been great also . I have been using it to tape track meets and everything can be seen clearly . Remember that you will have to buy tapes for this camera , but that is no problem for the clarity you will get . I have not tried out all the other features like night vision , but from what I have seen so far , this camera is a real good bargain . I know 5 other people who have the same item and they do not have any complaints.The flip out lcd screen is clear also . It 's like using a digital camera ... but only with the tapes . Only downside I have seen is that it is a little hard to keep steady based on the videos watched . The camera seems to move around alot , but again , the picture clarity is great regardless of the low price . If you do n't want to upgrade to ditigal , start with this camcorder . You will not be disappointed .
 Performance is outstanding . I had a previous Sony 8 mm Handycam which died and I replaced it with this camera so I could continue to playback my old 8 mm tapes . This camera performs faster and is simpler to use than my old Sony . It does everything I need and does it well ... I got a great deal .
 I bought this Handycam 10 years ago . I stopped using it for whatever reason . But I recently set out to convert the video I had taken with this to digital . Not only was it easy , but the quality of the picture was amazing ... even playing it on my 40 inch screen . The image is so much better than my phone new camcorder .
 I was very pleased with the video camera . However , it had a problem which turned out to be a blessing in disguise . Like my original camera , it would n't move the tape in any direction . More than that , the tape would not go all the way down and came back out . Then I noticed that a rubber roller -LRB- turned out to be the capstan roller -RRB- was loose at the bottom of the tape area blocking the tape from going all the way down . I shook it out , but the tape would n't move ... just like the problem with my original video camera . Upon looking closer at my original camera , I noticed the capstan roller was loose in it also but not in a position that did n't prevent the tape from loading . After finding the manual on-line , I saw where the capstan went.I know I would n't have been able to fix my original camera if I had n't purchased my new cameral through Amazon . Since I just paid half of what the original camera cost me -LRB- which was already heavily discounted -RRB- , I am very happy with the result . Further searching on-line revealed to me that this is a common problem with this camera . The solution was also revealed ... always have a tape in the camera , and the capstan will not get loose . I suspect that when the camera was mailed to me that it was working fine , but the rigors of the shipment probably knocked the capstan loose since it came with no tape insideSony CCDTRV118 Hi8 Camcorder with 2.5 '' LCD . I am very happy at this unusual experience , and continue to be delighted that I have had great results everytime I purchase anything from Amazon . The reason I purchased the 2nd camera is that I have a lot of tapes of my grandson -LRB- now 21 -RRB- playing Little League baseball that I want to copy onto DVDs and now will take more videos of my younger grandson playing ball . One thing I 've always loved about this camera is that it is easy to use , and it has a zoom to `` kill for . '' Sometimes I use it as an electronic telescope because it is so powerful .
 I believe I will be very happy with the camcorder . Its small , light and easy to handle.The LCD is clear and bright.Ease of operation .
 We use it for all our family events and are please at how easy it is to use . -LRB- never read the directions -RRB- The picture quality is good , clear and crisp pictures . We dont intend to use it on the computer so the analog camera is a better deal for us than digital .
 Buenas tardes amigos de Terra lo que quiero saber si esto es seguro , si recibire la camara de video en casa y donde tengo quepagar por ella.gracias de antemano por sus indicacionessaludosPedro Sueros
 sony makes a good camera , this is one of the best products to invested in ...
 I exclusively buy Sony Electronics because in my opinion they are the best . When I bought this Camera I knew that the quality would be there because it is a Sony . The camera works well except it is a little bulky . I primarily use this camera to film my son playing in the little league and it works well at capturing high speed action . It also is somewhat impact resistant because at his last little league game the umpire claimed my son was out when he was safe . Everyone knew that except for the umpire himself . I hit that fat porker right in the face with the camera -LRB- while it was on -RRB- and it captured everything - the picture quality was amazing and the sound was crystal clear . That fat slob hit the floor like a ton of bricks and was out cold . A couple of weeks later I got a letter from his lawyer and I had to appear in court because he filed a lawsuit against me . I showed the judge the tape of my son being safe and even he commented on the quality of the sound and picture and said my son was not out either . The judge dropped the charges all because of this great little camera .
 It is very convenient to have the charging cable available without having the cord all over the place in the way . Works well too .
 Perfect carry-along for my notebook PC . Useful grounded and protected indicators . Small investment for critical protection . I have used APC products for quite a number of years and have found them reliable.APC P1T 120V Portable Surge Protector
 This protector is an excellent value . Rated very highly in consumer publications . Great price from Amazon . I bought this to protect my new 55 inch LG flat screen .
 I bought one of these to protect my washing machine . I ca n't really know for sure whether or not this device has protected my washer from any power surges , as both the washing machine and the APC P1T are still both fully functional , but my understanding is that APC is a highly regarded company in the power protection industry , so I believe this is a quality product .
 Just right for travel for my computer and it is great for my TVs located in various rooms in the house .
 This is a wonderful product that is compact enough for me to keep my laptop plugged into it at all times and move it from plug to plug . When the apartment building next to mine was struck by lightning , I decided that I better get a surge protector and this portable option was just what I wanted .
 I bought one of these after seeing them in the APC catalog.It 's a handy thing
 We 've experienced a couple of serious lightning surges in our immediate area over the past four years . We protect our electronics with APC UPS battery back-up systems for the expensive stuff and use the P1T where a UPS ca n't fit -LRB- for the refrigerator , garage door openers , etc. -RRB- or for smaller electronics like telephone answering systems and laptops . None , and I mean none , of the items protected by APC surge suppression or UPS systems have ever been damaged . I ca n't say the same for devices `` protected '' by other manufacturers surge and back-up systems . We 've found a winner and we 're sticking to it .
 There are many notebook surge protectors on the market and most lack the obvious
 This little thing does it 's job and does it well . Had a power line come down in my front yard the other day when I was n't home . Needless to say , when the power came back on , It blew all of my outlets . Thank god I had my laptop plugged into The P1T , it destroyed the P1T but saved my laptop ! Definately will be purchasing another one of these .
 Great value for a surge protector . I 've got 'em on lots of electronics -LRB- printers , phones , laptops -RRB- that do n't need a full power strip or universal power supply -LRB- UPS -RRB- . Very portable for laptops , in case you 're travelling .
 What can I say it is a surge protector and small enough to use with small electronic items such as a wireless phone system , isolated devices and so on that do not need a big strip .
 I purchased this surge protector for my new Macbook Pro 15.4 '' laptop . It 's a handy size , great for taking with you or for using at home . There are two lights , one indicating if it the outlet is grounded and another to indicate if it is protected . Great little item and great price .
 When you are traveling , often you have two competing problems . One , you need to pack as lightly as possible to avoid outrageous charges . Two , you absolutely need to protect your laptop or other device from iffy power . The APC Personal SurgeArrest 1 Outlet 120V meets both of those needs.This literally plugs into any normal three-prong outlet - and you then plug your own plug into this unit . The unit provides solid grounding and protection for you . Lights illuminate to show you that the system is working . It 's about as small as it can get . It 's easily portable . And you know you are n't risking your valuable laptop , tablet , or other device to the iffy wiring of the hotel or place you 're staying.In addition to the main plug where the PC or other item gets connected , there are also three phone style jacks on the bottom . One is an `` in '' jack where the building signal goes into the unit . The other two are `` out '' jacks for both a handset and a laptop connection.Great as something to always have in your luggage , to ensure your valuable electronic items stay protected . I definitely carry one of these with me .
 Perfect way to protect your laptop when your on the go or at home . Very convenient to use so as to have your computer protected at all times .
 I have bought six of these for lapttops and a netbook . Thank God I use them . Had a power surge the other day and saved my Acer Aspire One Netook . I will not plug any of my laptops or netook in without using this . They are well worth the price and more .
 Hi.I got this camcorder few days before , and now using it daily almost 5 hours in day . I have listed out some of the Advantasges and problems i face with this new avtar of sony lineup .1 . The quailty of the recorded is very good and i feel happy when i shoot videos inside the house in low light , the lense did a good job .2 Nightshot feature is also impressive and i have shoot some videos in total darkness and quailty is really good .3 . The battery that comes with the Kit is seems to be OK , if you are not planning to use the LCD while recording . You can also choose the battery with the higher life time .4 . The most welcome feature is the USB straeming of your data by connecting to ur PC . i have brodcast my movie using the yahoo messanger webcam feature and its done very well.Well now i m sorry to say but this machine has some inbuilt problmes like .1 . If you are planning to capture the recorded video on your computer using the USB and the supplied software named PIXELA , u will be disappointed with the quailty as it was very very bad .2 . The built in light does not seem to have an great extent while working on the low lights .3 . The external Microphone Input is not provided and u have depend on the inbuilt mic.In last , if you are a new comer and ur requirments are not like gorge lucas , u can easily go for this low budget handycam and enjoy the pleasure of movie making .
 I got this camcorder last week to take with us on vacation . Last year we had used a VHS-C camcorder that we borrowed . We enjoyed using it , but we had to get this adapter to play those little tapes in the VCR.I got this camcorder mostly because it has streaming USB . It is incredible !! Technology sure has changed . The software and driver were easily installed -LRB- even on Windows XP !! -RRB- and then there was the movie , on my computer !! I could capture stills and then either edit them with the packaged software or export them to Photoshop Elements . It is very easy to use with a ton of features and it even films in the dark !! We went into our bathroom and turned out the lights , turned on `` night-shot '' and lo and behold we could see in the dark and record !! Also the camcorder just hooks to the VCR so you can play your movies on the TV . It 's like have a digital camera and camcorder in one ... I am really impressed with this product and am very glad that I got it !!
 For the money I do n't think you will find a better camcorder.I 've had mine for about a week & I 'm very happy with it.I think you could spend alot more for digital and not get asmany useful features . Basically its very easy to use but alsocontains some advanced functions . Picture quality is outstanding.Sony really outdid itself on this one .
 I have owned several camcorders , as a matter of fact , I returned three until I decided on the Sony 608 . The majority of analog camcoders do not offer all the features as this , along with the quality and usability , the 608 is your best bargain.It is smaller than the average and yet has the larger screen -LRB- 3 inch -RRB- . The usb streaming feature is fun and easy to use and produces remakable images on your computer . The 20x analog zoom , as well as the 560x digital is more than enough for any usage . The nightshot feature actually works in total dakness . I can not see spending hundreds more for slightly better digital quality . I am totally satisfied .
 This is my first camcorder of any kind . i have used other types , VHS , VHS-C , 8mm , but this is probably the best that i have used . It 's easy to learn the basics with and takes really great videos . The USB streaming capability is really easy to use and works great . Pixela seems to pixilate -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- the movies , but it 's nothing that really hurts and it 's that severe . The NightShot is great , the lamp is really good , and the camera has a few little effects for the pictures . No big complaints except a remote would be nice for playback , and a colored viewfinder . But with a 3 '' color LCD screen , the chance that someone will use the viewfinder is small . i recomend this camera to anyone who does n't want to spend a lot on a good quality camera .
 I love it ! it is a great quality camera and does alot of stuff . It even hooks up to my computer and lets me do alot of stuff . I can edit videos or copy them off and even stream video like a web cam its great ! Works well with WinXP . I bought from Amazon and they got it to me quickly even with the super saver shipping and the lowest price I could find with a free bag who can ask for more !
 This overall is a great camcorder . I used it for a year and had very little trouble with it . I 've made a list of good and bad things about this camcorder that will hopefully help you in your decision.First the good stuff1.It has a nice big LCD screen for easy viewing when recording2.There are plenty of different features for recording in different lights3.It has OK sound and picture quality4.It is good for families , groups , teachers or anyone else who just needs a good quality camera for a cheap price that they can use to to record family outings exc ... Now for the bad stuff .1 . The size of the camera is a little big . it is hard to hold for long periods of time and somewhat heavy -LRB- if you have a tripod and you use it this should n't be too much of a problem -RRB- .2 . the battery life could be better -LRB- only about 50-60 minuets with the LCD screen -RRB- .3 . the sound is a bit metallic , and the picture does n't show reds or yellows well .4 . if you have the need to edit your recordings it will be very hard and somewhat expensive with this camera . If you want to edit , I would definitely recommend a digital camcorder instead because it will be much easier for you to edit your videos -LRB- this was my big mistake and I had to sell it for a Sony digital -RRB- . If this review has helped you or if you want to ask me any technical questions , e-mail me at dave_lancer@hotmail.com
 This is a great camera . I had an older Sony camera which I used Dazzle to bring my video to the PC . When I heard this camera had USB steaming I was excited . The quality and the images are really poor . It produces a very blocky MPEG-1 movie . There is also a post processing time in which PIXELLA converts the movie to MPEG . Dazzle USB brings in my movies faster with no post processing time , it also produces a MPEG-1 movie . Dazzle only pushes video through the USB and uses your sound card to bring in sound . This is in contrast to USB Streaming which pushs video and sound through the USB . I guess because of this architecture , the video bitrate must be lower because it is shared with the sound and thus produces a lower quality image.Other than that , the camera is excellent .
 what can i say this is the best Hi8 video camra you can buy . yes the picture qulaity is a little lower then the DV 's but i dont know about you but i dont want to spend 1300 -LRB- I dont know about you brother but im not made of money -RRB- on a camra im not tha picky . well anyways baught it used it and works great buy it and you wont be disipionted
 Beautiful , product from Sony , easy to use , great picture quality and features .
 I got this camcorder for capturing my 6 month old baby . Wow , I am pleased with this soo much . When you look at camcorders and see some for 200.00 , 250.00 , 300.00 , and the 2000.00 digital everyone needs think of this . The more money you put into a product ... THE BETTER . This was the case here forsure . I can go into a bathroom with all the lights off at 12 pm and turn on my night vision on my camcorder and find my little pee pee . lol , Hmm , like 10 yrs ago or even a lot less , night vision would cost you thousands of dollars . This was a feature I didnt even know I was getting . The zoom is LiGhTnInG FAST . I catch myself overzooming on the first 2 tapes I recorded . This is one hell of a camcorder and I recommend it for a person that wants quality for the money spent .
 This is my second camcorder . My first camcorder was an early Sony 8mm . That was part of the reason I stayed with the format . I have used the TRV608 for a wide array of events , my kids are involved in music and sports so I have used the camcorder in many different situations indoors and out with outstanding results . One of my children used the camera for a `` movie '' for a school project and made a great grade.I am very pleased . The clarity is amazing and the low level performance is incredible . An S-video cable does help the video image . Perhaps one of the other reviewers had a bad camcorder , but I am glad I chose this camcorder.Sony reliability and quality is hard to beat . The only drawback I see at this time is the audio quality is n't up to digital , but since I wanted the better lowlight performance I went analog . Perhaps as the digital technology improves in lowlight I will go digital .
 This is truly an excellent camcorder for home movies and perhaps more advanced applications . I found myself toying around with the nightvision contantly . My only qualms about it was that recording videos to your PC is really dependent on how good a computer you have . For instance , my computer , which is fairly fast would typically have very smooth recording , but every once in a while would skip a few frames , and I would then have to go back and edit it . But do n't get me wrong , I truly believe that this really is the best camcorder you can buy for this kind of money , and besides the computer transfer issure , I absolutely love the camera .
 This camcorder is great . It is both easy to use , and records beautifully . A great camcorder in this price range .
 If you want an excellent camcorder at a great price , that is easy to use , records great quality images , & also records in total darkness this is the one to get ! The USB streaming is a great addition too . Nice size 3 '' lcd screen makes it easy to see what you 're recording ... And it is so easy to use , I was recording within minutes right out of the box . I bought this used . and absolutely love this camcorder . For the price , you just ca n't go wrong here . Great Camcorder !
 Just as promised , worked well for what I needed . I have some old 8mm tapes and needed a camcorder to play them back on and this fit the bill it also had the USB streaming so I can now transfer them to dvd also the shipping was quick and package great for protection .
 The picture on this camera is good and it needs very little light . However , the colors are not quite as accurate as I had hoped for Hi8 . Perhaps digital would have been better , but the price was a factor . I shopped around and found Amazon had the best price available .
 Purchased these to leave on the patio for background music and for a backyard movie theater . These are not speakers for an audiophile , but are a great value and serve their purpose -- that being an unobtrusive speaker that can be left outside . They sounded better than I had expected , though seemed to struggle a bit on bass side . Turning the base level on my receiver up significantly seemed to compensate for this , and I 'm quite satisfied now . Ample volume for a small backyard theater -LRB- the space I use them in is about 20x30 feet , with about 10-12 people watching -RRB- . As for aesthetics , they do look like rocks and blend in very nicely with the rock wall that borders my yard . At first , people do n't even notice they 're there and wonder where the sound is coming from -LRB- a definite plus as far as my wife is concerned -RRB- . I would n't hesitate to buy again , though would consider upgrading to one of their higher-end models if fidelity was higher on the cost/fidelity preference scale .
 Love these speakers . I expected much less for the price . These speakers held up all summer in our gardens !! Great buy !
 These speakers are what i was looking for and for the price I could n't have expected a whole lot more . They sound great with my SONY receiver although when they have a little water in them they sound a little distorted .
 I recently purchased this camera and have been very pleased with its performance . When weighing out the decisions of which camera to buy , it can be very confusing . Which format should I choose ? Hi-8 , Digital , MiniDV ? All of these can seem confusing . For the novice cameraman this camera provides a perfect blend of form and function . The LCD screen is large and vibrant and provides for an easy way to see what you 're filming without haveing to peer into a viewfinder.The only drawback of this camera is that the battery life tends to be pretty short-lived . However , you can purchase an extended life battery which comes in handy if you want to record for extended periods of times . One extremly useful feature of this camera is the light , which really works well at night . Also , a really cool feature of this camera is the ability to shoot in complete darkness -LRB- via an infared filming capability -RRB- . In a nutshell , if you want great quality and extreme affordability this camera is for you .
 If you want nothing more than a really good camcorder to take basic videos , the Sony CCDTRV308 is the way to go.It 's probably the best Sony Hi8 camcamcorder you 'll get without all the bells and whistles that let you download video on to your PC.It has a few great features like NIGHTSHOT -LRB- which allows video in virutal darkness -RRB- and STEADYSHOT . Also , the 20X zoom works really well . -LRB- Do n't be impressd by the 460X digital zoom -- on any camcorder ; the image becomes more blurry the closer you zoom in with it . -RRB- You 'll probably have to get another battery , as the one the Sony CCDTRV308 comes with will only last for about an hour or so when using all the functions -LRB- LCD screen , stop and start REC -RRB- . I recommend buying the NP-QM71 ; it lasts between 4 and 6 hours.BUT -LRB- A VERY BIG BUT -RRB- , If you want to anything more than basic VCR editing , get at least a MiniDV , especially if you 're willing to spend between $ 500 and $ 1000 . I was willing to drop $ 500 for a MiniDV because I wanted to easily edit my videos , but I was n't willing to spend another $ 500 to upgrade my PC to accomodate the large amounts of data.Otherwise , the Sony CCDTRV308 is a great Hi8 camcorder for basic video recording and little or no editing .
 We purchased this camcorder for the holidays , selecting the CCDTRV308 over the CCDTRV108 due to it 's added features such as image stability and auto-light . It arrived within three days - amazing ! With my son 's birthday coming up at the weekend , and the speedy delivery , it was a real test as to whether I could read the manual and become comfortable in the camcorder 's use before the big day . The instructions are clear , concise and easily referenced.We chose official Sony cassettes for this first run to ensure optimal picture quality and compatibility . Image quality is excellent , but we did notice that it performs better after it has ` warmed up ' . This might be due to cassette stability or electronics temperature , but in no way detracts from this product 's quality . Fade in/out options are excellent and with the ` cinema ' setting gives your production that ` ER ' feel.I suspect that upgrading to a higher capacity battery may be a next step , but it lasted through the kid 's party with ease . About 30 minutes of shooting remained , even though we used the LCD the whole time.Title use is a little confusing , but you do get the option of creating two custom titles in addition to the standard fare.The tripod was prepared , just in case the weight of the camcorder became tiring , but it was not needed . The lightness of these new camcorders over the ones of yesteryear makes life much easier , and is not burdening.We researched considerably , before purchasing this product , which is no guarantee of success , but I have no hesitation in recommending it to those considering a Hi-8 camcorder .
 This camera is great . It is awesome for running around with your kids , and taping soccer games . Its one of the best camcorders I have ever had.I highly recomend this for all families and for kids that just want to make movies with their friends.Once again its a great camera and anyone interested in this camera should buy it and keep all the memories and good times of the past very close to their hearts .
 I recently purchased this camera and I 'm very satisfied with it . I find the quality of the pictures with this camera as good if not better than anything else without going to digital . It is very comfortable to hold and the controls are easy to use . I highly reccomend this product to anyone looking for a top quality camera at an affordable price . Nice going Sony !
 I 've been trying to buy a video camera for the past 6 years -LRB- ever since my first monster bought in 1990 died -RRB- . I finally bit the bullet since this camera seemed so reasonable and so highly-rated . I 'm happy with every aspect of this camcorder . The bells and whistles are surprisingly complete , and it 's so lightweight that I can -LRB- and do -RRB- spend the entire day with it in my hand.One caveat ... a wide angle lens would be a smart purchase . It 's difficult to get far enough away from the action and still hear what is going on .
 Price and function are two of the main reasons I now own this camcorder . I have webtv so I can capture all of the stills I need and do it quite easily and without software and a computer.Keep it simple stan is definitly my mantra and this camcorder helps me do just that . More functions and options would just go to waste and be confusing.It is light and ergonomic and I got a free tripod and camera bag with mine at circuit city . I would n't buy electronics on line again -LRB- been there done that -RRB- . A longer battery life would be all I would ask for .
 I just got the CCD-TRV-308 camcorder and it is awesome !! The only thing is is that you cant edit your film on your computer you can just play it back . I give 4 - 41/2 stars
 I needed a third camcorder with NightShot for my paranormal investigations and since I have two Mini DV 's , wanted a Hi8 because they record for so much longer -LRB- tape length -RRB- . I also have lots of Hi8 video I shot while I was in the military that I want to transfer to DVD so after a lot of research chose the CCD-TRV308 . It has a built in light which I do n't really need since I shoot mostly in zero light . The camera is solid and very large compared to my Mini DV camcorders and most of what is available today . As with most Sony camcorders , the NightShot only works in a very limited capacity . I always use them with a SIMA infrared light which fits nicely on this camera due to its larger size . One note , the built in NightShot on this camera is at least twice as bright as the NightShot on my two newer Mini DV models . I still use an external IR light but This one works pretty good on its own compared to the others . I have video posted on YouTube showing some of the NightShot stuff if anyone is interested.If you need a quality camcorder for any of the reasons listed above I recommend the CCD-TRV308 . If you plan on using it for extended periods of time you will probably find it bulky and heavy by today 's standards .
 Bought this as a `` back up '' to my other Sony Hi8 . I like the analog picture -LRB- vs. digital -RRB- . Real handy , works just like the vendor indicated . No problems since I purchased it about 1.5 years ago . I 'd buy again .
 Oh I love this little light . I keep it on my desk . Just theright lighting for my late nights on the pc . The top opens upto a pull down magnifying glass . I would recommend it .
 Yeah , so , I 'm not much on cross-stitching . My mitts are too beefy , skin too oily , too much testosterone . But I like having cross-stitching accessories around ; skeins of floss , blunted needles , wooden frames , piles of patterns , etc. . They 're all carefully arranged in a spare room of my house so that when chicks come over I can open the door and say `` And here 's my craft room ... '' and they think I 'm all sensitive and ` in touch with my feminine side ' and blah blah blah blah blah . The only thing missing - which most of said chicks were quick to point out - was an OTT-LITE -LRB- R -RRB- TrueColorTM -RRB- Portable Magnifier Lamp . So now I have one . And they have no excuse any more .
 This hard drive is by far , the best one on the market . I 'm sure that the 160 and 180 gb are just as good . I was building my own computer , and trying to get the best of everything . First , the installation was easy . As I built my computer the hd was one of the last things that I connected . For your info I have built two 2 computers using this drive . First one was a pentium 4 2.8 ghz . With an Asus P4PE board . I used an ATI Radeon 9700 Pro for video ,1.5 gb of DDR RAM . I used an antec alluminum case with 3 case fans . I used a Sound Blaster 5.1 Live Audigy Platinum . I had 3 case fans , a glass window on my case , a DVD RW pioneer drive , and a teac floppy . The second one was almost identical , except it used a duel athlon I was extremely happy with it , and I suggest that anyone interested in a hd seriously consider this one .
 For years , I 've seen combination pens with lights , but this lighted stylus is just the ticket for using your PDA in the dark , especially on Palm models with an unlit Graffiti panel.The Light Stylus comes with four interchangeable tops to fit a wide variety of PalmOS PDAs -LRB- the one I bought does n't claim to fit PocketPC models . -RRB- One of them was a near-perfect match for my Palm i705 stylus , and in fact fit even better than the factory stylus in that it is n't as tight a fit . I did have some difficulty switching the top - there are no instructions - but a firm pull does the trick . There 's even a reset pin under the top!The light is yellow and reasonably bright - good enough for use in the dark , though it 's no flashlight . As a general-use stylus , it works well - the translucent plastic tip has a good writing feel . The only issue I have , and this is minor , is that sometimes you have to play with the rotation of the top to get the light to stay on , or off . Once you find the right position , though , it stays.Inexpensive enough to be an impulse-buy -LRB- as it was for me -RRB- , the Saitek Light Stylus is a great idea at a great price . I recommend it to all Palm PDA users .
 It works and does what its supposed to But , I CA N'T get the top off to change the size for different pda 's Help
 Does just what was needed to charge the Macbook Pro G4 13inch laptop . Only beef was it no longer lights up the connection at the laptop like the Apple one did . No problem though , a green light shows it is plugged in and the full charge signaled a cool down to a cold power brick by morning .
 Received it a couple days after ordering -LRB- I live in the NW US -RRB- . It 's working fine so far & is waaaaay cheaper that ordering a replacement from Apple . Hope it lasts a good long time w/out falling apart like the original from Apple .
 This product works well . I got it for my iBook G3 in a pinch when the original adapter fell apart during finals week . This adapter lacks the cute design and green/orange light that indicates charge status on the original , but it charges the battery sufficiently . It is a great deal .
 This power adapter is exceptional compared to the flimsy designed Apple adapter that NEVER held onto the outlet due to its own weight . All Macally needs to do is equip it with a charge light indicator and then it will be a complete home run instead of a ground triple .
 This is the best replacement power supply I 've seen for a Powerbook or iBook . It 's solid and you wo n't have to worry about the cords pulling out or the connector breaking like on the $ 70 Apple units . The only downside is that it 's a bit less sleek and ergonomic than the Apple .
 after having 2 apple power adapters fail on me i got this oneworks so welli have abused this little thing and it still worksand this wont start sparking like the apple adapters
 You 'd have to be crazy to purchase a full-priced replacement adapter directly from Apple . Third-party is the way to go here , and this Macally adapter is a great value overall.Pros
 We 've had this now for at least a year with no signs of wear and tear .
 This product is much better than the Apple OEM charger in terms of durability . It has a blue light on the adapter that lets you know if it 's plugged in , but there is no indication that your computer is being charged like the OEM one . That being said I am very pleased with it and you could almost buy two of these units for the price that apple wants for their flawed version .
 Like a lot of other folks , I agree that it 's a -RRB- a good price and b -RRB- a good product . I do want to add that , although I know for some the connection between the brick and the cord to the computer seems a little flimsy -LRB- it 's got little notches but not the slide and lock bit like the Apple cord -RRB- it was a godsent when I accidentally tripped a family member with the cord because it pulled apart rather than breaking/damaging the cord . I 'm not certain if it 's supposed to do that , but I do know that if that had happened with the Apple cord -LRB- if it had not already crapped out on me -RRB- it would have significantly damaged the cord.So - woo - thumbs up . Also , my dad survived the tripping incident without significant injury .
 I have been extremely happy with this power adapter for my iBookG4 that I bought about a month ago . I had bought another seemingly similar product through a different source four months ago - and that OTHER company 's adapter was a nightmare . Left everyone ears ringing from its high pitched humming . This Macally Power Adapter has been a wonderful replacement to the original power adapter which came with my MAC . I could not be more pleased . Well worth the price and so grateful that I found something that works as well as it is supposed to . Recommend this product fully to anyone interested !!!
 This is a great Power Adapter . I use it with my G4 Powerbook . No more Apple power cords for me !
 I 've owned my mac iBook G4 for a year now , in that year I have been through two -LRB- yes 2 ! -RRB- STANDARD APPLE CHARGERS ! I finally bought this as a cheaper alternative because I did n't have $ 85 to buy another crappy charger from Apple . This Macally charger -LRB- since I have owned it-a month -RRB- has been sublime . The cord reaches further , and the connection to my charger port is solid . It also lacks that annoying third prong -LRB- I have an older house so I do n't have many of them -RRB- . You can use your laptop as soon as you plug the charger in , so you do n't have to wait.The cons to the product are miniscule and vain . It does n't have that cool light that tells you when the computer is finished charging , and it is rather bulky . But despite it 's cons . At least it works which is better that Apple 's cool looking charger that does n't work long.BEWARE OF OTHER IMITATIONS !!!! The ones with the white and black cords . THat is not Macally . And it is such total crap . You 'd be better off buying the original charger .
 The Macally power adapter purchased two months ago operates flawlessly . Improvements on Apple 's design suggest that this product will provide years more reliable service than Apple 's .
 I often had trouble keeping the standard iBook charger in my laptop , and finally my dog managed to break it . I like the MacAlly replacement better because it 's very sturdy and stays connected to the input jack . It lacks the green/yellow LED indicator , but you can see if it 's charging in the menu bar.Great replacement charger for the price .
 The adaptor works really well on my ibook or powerbook . It has a really long extension cord . The only problem is that it is slightly more bulky than the apple one . So , for traveling around , unless you have a big computer case , it will not fit nicely . Other than that , it is great . Much cheaper than a new apple adapter and works just as nicely . It is also sturdier than the apple adaptor and does not have the annoying light .
 I take my iBook everywhere so I keep this one sitting at home and leave the OEM charger in my bag . It has saved me the trouble of having to wrap the charger up every time I have to leave the apartment . A small win , but well worth the price . I 've found it to be quite durable as well .
 Bought this as a replacement for an original Apple adapter -LRB- which had lasted about 4 years -- seems to be a long time for these adapters -RRB- . I do n't really mind not having the indicator light on the plug . Works great and a great price .
 Great product , my only complaint , like some others , is the minor fact that it does n't have a light indicating it 's charging when I 'm using the laptop .
 This PSU works just fine . No fancy design but about 1/3 of what I would have paid for a Mac made original PSU .
 I bought this to use with my Apple PowerBook and it works perfectly . Apple 's version of the same product is substantially more expensive . The only thing I miss is the little light on the cord indicating that the computer is charging . But I would recommend this over Apple 's adapter based on price alone .
 The wire connecting to my computer on my last macally charger just fried after 13 months -LRB- i 'll take the blame i could have been wrapping it too tightly -RRB- , anyways it worked well and costed a fraction of the original so I figured I 'd buy again , so I 've purchased another . This newer one is a different design , no longer has the light on the brick , and the wire that connects to the computer is no longer disconnect-able .
 First , note that the adapter you 'll get is NOT the one in the main photo -- it is , however , the one pictured in the other submitted reader photos -LRB- with a beige , not grey , cord and the `` macally '' logo printed on the brick -RRB- . The main difference is that the cord that goes from the adapter to the computer is NOT detachable , unlike the product that is pictured.It works perfectly fine with my Aluminum PowerBook G4 15 '' . As has been noted , the main functional loss compared to the original is the lack of a charging indicator light . The adapter itself is actually lighter and more slender than the original , and appears durable so far . I ca n't imagine buying the Apple original adapter for twice the cost for a computer that 's now several years old .
 This AC adapter works great for me with my Apple 15 '' Aluminum G4 Powerbook . Apple still wants to charge an insane price for this last-generation power supply , but luckily Macally has a solution that is almost as nice for about half the price.It does not light up to indicate that it is charging -LRB- which is too bad , it was a nice touch -RRB- .
 This unit works very well and is a bargain compared to the Apple replacement adapter . I wish it had the really cool indicator light that Apple 's does , but for the price , just learn to check your charge status at the top of your screen . I like that this unit comes in two pieces - do n't use the the `` lock '' mechanism , so when you trip over the power cord like I do , a lot , it will come apart at the charger-end instead of damaging the connector at the computer-end .
 Well , i have received this macally adapter and it works fantastic !! the thing with the lack of changing lights in the head of the DC connector would n't be the great deal if the engineers at macally will replace the always blue on led to something changing when its plugged on!For the rest it is a great product , great performance !
 You 've got to love a company that send you a product on time , packaged to protect your stuff , and then you take it out and it works .
 This charger is a replacement for the one i lost but it works great because my G4 Battery actually last longer and this is an aftermarket charger it also maintains steady temp . no overheating or that hot feeling Great Buy i Like Thank you Amazon ...
 This adapter was just what we needed to put new life into our old Mac . The power now stays on to allow for hours of use . It works great ! Thanks !
 Bought one . Price great . Shipped fast . Works fine . Good quality construction and design . I see other reviewers whining here . Keep in mind the p/s is the most unreliable part of a laptop , for many reasons . It takes the brunt of all power surges for the computer , it has the most electrical current flow , etc. . If Apple could make one that was indestructible we would not even be here looking or buying these at all and the replacement ones would not exist . For us , this unit was recommended at the Apple store , and for good reason . No worries . Get one .
 Tengo una powerbook 15 '' a & ntilde ; o 2005 platinum . Lo compre con reservas , ya que una bater&iacute;a gen&eacute;rica que compr&eacute; a mi laptop termin&oacute; por derretirme el cablecito de mi cargador Mac original . Sin embargo debe afirmar que el cargador funciona correctamente , ha cargado la bater&iacute;a gen&eacute;rica relativamente r&aacute;pido -LRB- no tanto como la bataeria original y el cargador original -RRB- y su extensi&oacute;n es c&oacute;moda , suficientemente larga como para trabajar en cualquier superficie lejos de un enchufe -LRB- 2 mts . -RRB- . Se calienta un poco , pero no llega a ser muy intenso el calor , ni aun cuando se est&aacute; trabajando y cargando al mismo tiempo . Lo que si no hace , no se si por la bater&iacute;a o porque no da la suficiente corriente es trabajar conectado con una bater&iacute;a mac original completamente descargada , lo que s&iacute; hac&iacute;a el cargador original . Es decir , si reemplazo la bater&iacute;a gen&eacute;rica por la vieja que ya no agarra carga , el cargador no funciona . Saludos
 I think it 's more flimsy than the Apple AC Adapter and so I question its ability to hold up to typical use in the long term . Even so , it 's half the price , S leaves it at the office -LRB- so it 's not travelling around -RRB- and it 'll probably do fine . At half the price of the Apple AC Adapter , it seems like a good deal .
 I had to replace the Apple adapter that came with my laptop and this is a sturdy and relatively cheap alternative to buying another Apple one . Of course , it 's not as aesthetically pleasing and it does n't have the convenient green/orange indicator light , but it does it 's job . I have n't had any problems with it . I recommend it highly .
 It is not as pretty as the Apple adapter , but it 's way cheaper and it does the job . It also feels more durable than the Apple adapter , but that was n't hard to do as the Apple one is extremely flaky . Recommended .
 Great spare power supply , the only con ' is the excess of weat generated when you use it for a long time ... but works great !
 The only feature missing from the Apple version of this is the light in the plug tip that confirms it is seated well and shows the charging status . I can live without it for the $ 70 I saved .
 I 've plowed through 7 of Apple 's OEM power adapters between my iBook and my PowerBook . While the OEM adapters are cute and stylish , they last a max of 6 mos before they break and potentially cause a fire in your house.I 've had the MacAlly adapter for all of 24 hours and I LOVE IT . It does lack a bit in design ... -LRB- see other 's reviews -RRB- but in the end is n't it the sturdiness of the part that we should be concerned with ? A + + +
 This was all I needed to complete the hook up of the used lap top I had gotten . I plugged it in and charged the battery and everything worked great .
 This adapter is a great substitute for the more expensive apple model . Plugs right into my iBook G4 perfectly . The only downside is no `` charge '' indicator light . This is not a problem for me as my battery is totally dead ; just keep the laptop plugged in ; - -RRB-
 Works just as good as the Apple chord for a lot less ! I love this chord .
 I 've just had bad luck with Mac adapters . . this one is wonderfully long cord , much longer than apples ' adapter . . However , the place it plugs in is not always secure . . wiggles out , or does n't connect unless i push it in from time to time . i like the snap '' of my daughters ' new macbook magnet connection !
 The Macally powerbook adapter has been great for me and my 2 daughters , whose Apple powercords have broken several times . So far , so good . Every now and then my computer seems to get overheated , but I 'm not sure exactly what is causing that . I 've had mine at least 6 months and it 's been fine .
 I love Apple products but when I had to replace the power cord , I could n't believe how much Apple charges for 'em . The Macally Powerbook iBook AC adapter was much cheaper and works great . I would highly recommend this to anyone who does n't want to pay the outrageous price Apple charges .
 After going through two of Apple 's poorly made power cords for my 12 '' PowerBook in a time span of three years , I knew it was time to get a third party power cord . The Macally power cord is simply awesome . It is is built sturdier than the Apple power cord , and best of all , it was less than half the price -LRB- Apple power cords cost you a hefty $ 80 -RRB- . The only minute problem I 've noticed with this power cord is that from time to time -LRB- and it is not very often -RRB- , my PowerBook will make a `` charging '' and `` uncharging '' noise . Usually I just have to fiddle with the part of the cord that plugs into the adapter , and it stops . Other than that , it 's a fantastic purchase , and I recommend it to any one who is fed up with Apple 's poorly made cords .
 Who needs Mac accessories when you can have an equally good -LRB- or better -RRB- product like Macally powerbook Ibook ac adapter ? I purchased this item for my daughter when her Mac-made original AC adapter connection frayed and was not fixable . We tried to get a replacement at Mac retail stores and Mac on-line , but everyone was out of them and did not know when they would be available . This made me think that the original cords must have been somewhat defective since there was such a demand for them . We turned to Amazon to order the Macally AC adapter with some trepidation because the price was lower than the Mac-made product . That was several months ago and the Macally adapter has worked perfectly and we are very pleased with our purchase . I would recommend this product to anyone who needs a new adapter and because of the lower price , would advise it instead of the Mac .
 Good product . A lot cheaper than the apple version but does the exact same thing . Seems to be a little more durable as well .
 If you 're willing to trade a little style for some substance and save some money in the bargain , this is a very recommendable device . My Apple PowerBook power supply died in what is apparently typical fashion - sparking , crumbling wire where it meets the brick - and none of the Apple stores or CompUSAs in Atlanta had any in stock -LRB- which is curious in itself -RRB- . I resorted to Amazon and decided to try this one out and I 've been pretty happy with it . It seems sturdily constructed , and the breakaway cable is a surprisingly handy way to save on tangles . I do miss the plug-in charging light , but that 's about it .
 I was hesitant about purchasing this product after reading some of the reviews but I decided to take a chance and get it anyway . I 'm glad I did !!! It 's a great product that saved me about $ 50 -LRB- since the apple power adapter is so much more expensive -RRB- and works perfectly with my ibook . I would definitely recommend this adapter to anyone who is looking to replace their apple power adapter .
 When my Mac Powerbook G4 's cord started going on the fritz a year and a half after I had gotten my laptop , I was n't sure what to do . Since the Macbook has replaced the Powerbook , Apple no longer sells the adapter . And to get the adapter online was really expensive . When I found this option , I was thrilled . It has worked perfectly since the day I got it . It is sturdier than the Apple adapter , and so I feel it will last longer . Also , it is white , like many of the Apple adapters , so if you 're worried about the aesthetics of your computer , this option is a good one . I highly recommend this product!Macally PS-AC4 AC Power Adapter for Apple G4
 The Macally version is n't as snazzy as the original Apple adapter , but it does its job pretty well -- and for a lot less -- with one minor hitch.The Macally version seems to be a battery charger only -- if there is no battery in the computer , for example , you ca n't use this as a power supply . I confirmed this with both my PowerBook G4 1.67 and my iBook Dual USB , both of which use the same power adapter . It 's not a problem for me , but if you are planning to run your laptop without a battery -LRB- or with one that is `` out of juice '' -RRB- , be advised this may not work in that capacity.It follows that if you let the battery run completely out , you will have to plug the computer in for about 15 minutes before you are able to resume use . The Apple adapter lets you resume use immediately.If neither of these are issues for you , the adapter works great and I would recommend this as a good value .
 I ordered this product after , like many others , my iBook adapter suddenly stopped working . Also like many others , I was unwilling to pay the exorbitant price that Apple charges for a replacement adapter . The price was right for this product and it works perfectly . It 's white color and blue LED lend it a pretty nice appearance , and it matches my iBook just fine . Granted , it may not be as stylish as Apple 's charger , but I 'm willing to give up a little glowing green and orange ring at the tip for a product that is affordable and reliable . A bonus is that the power brick for this charger does not get anywhere near as hot as Apple 's . A welcome change , seeing as Apple 's original adapter reached pretty scorching temperatures at times . The price Apple charges for their adapter because of style is outrageous . Therefore , that aspect was less of a factor for me here . 5 stars for the combination of quality and affordability ,
 Perfectly usable ; does what it says on the tin . The only thing ` missing ' that you get with the apple version is the colour indicator , but it 's no big deal . Good value .
 it came , it works and it is a lot cheaper than apple 's outrageous replacement price
 I have purchased three of these adapters and they work well . They will charge a G4 Powerbook while the unit is running . All 3 have worked without problem -LRB- sometimes the cord comes loose so you have to check that it is tight -RRB- . No LED on the connector to indicated charging as with the original Apple adapter . Wo n't work on the new Intel MacBook or MacBook Pro .
 So far it works great . Much better then my original adapter that came with my PowerBook G4 . I highly recommend this to anyone thining of purchasing a replacement for the older Mac laptops . Price is much more affordable and after almost a year I have had no problems .
 I 've been through two of the Apple adapters and they are terrible . This adapter works well with a G3 iBook . The laptop connecter is sturdier and other components appear to be adequate . A small blue led on the transformer indicates that the adapter is functional . I 'm very pleased with this product which costs less than half the price of Apple 's sexy but hopelessly flawed accessory .
 Well , it plugs and `` plays '' in my iBook G3 `` dual USB '' just fine , though I have n't used it extensively yet . I 'm bringing it on my first extended road trip tomorrow and will report back to change my review should I find any problems with very slow charging , plug connection problems , intense heat that causes my hotel room to burn down ... or whatever ! : - -RRB- Updating this on Feb 6 , 2006 , I just wanted to report that this adapter works fine ! No problems at all !!
 WONDERFUL PRODUCT - BEST ON MARKET ! I can not tell you all how much I like EVERY Macally Product I own . As an avid Mac user ever since computers were born , I 've always stood by Apple Products UNTIL both my G3 iBook and PowerBook Cords - because of the cheap and inferior design , became weak at the point of highest impact and - well , both cords shorted out within the first year and one of the cords actually shot sparks and flames into the air . If I had not been right there to see it , I would not have believed it - yet , I am sure the Fire Department would have . I would have had my entire home in flames as I was working on a large project with flammables everywhere - I was VERY LUCKY ! The US Product Safety Commission has n't done anything to help - I filed reports , and Apple is acutely aware of the problem , -LRB- they recalled the G4 cords I believe , not the G3 cords . I still have the singed/burned cords as proof . -RRB- Do yourself a favor - watch this around children and pets - and in the meantime - invest $ 30 - $ 40 for a cord that has lasted me three years and is still going strong . I ca n't find them locally in Boston , they are always sold out , everywhere . That alone tells you something ! Replace your cord before you have a fire - or it shorts out your computer - the surge supressor wo n't stop it . I love the Macally Price , the solid quality , the compact nature and again , the PRICE . APPLE wanted approx . $ 100 for another cheap flammable cord . I ALMOST became a Windows user over this , but Macally changed my mind - do not hesitate to buy this gem , or the USB 2.0 mini dock for those iPod users with a 1.0 USB port - I have had my investment returned many times over , and do not need additional FIRE INSURANCE for home now that I have a Macally AC Cord ! Buy one before you have a problem ! Forget any help from Apple . And - if your original cord is showing wear , or you are losing your charge - those were my first warnings - do n't risk your home , or family . It happened to me and I am afraid for those who do n't know what happened to me and MANY others ! -LRB- PS
 This is a good replacement for the Apple Charger . Only a couple of notes to make .1 . The blue light does n't indicate whether the notebook is charging or not , only if the cord is plugged into the outlet . This means that you ca n't really tell what is going on unless you open your laptop and make sure the indicator is showing that it is charging .2 . If you drain your battery fully , so your laptop goes to sleep BE WARNED ... You will not be able to plug it in and resume working right away . I had to plug it in and let it charge up for a good while before I could operate my Powerbook again , pulling power to operate the computer and charge the battery . This has been most annoying.Other than those weird gripes , it is a sufficient power adapter .
 My four year old son broke my first macally adapter and I immediately bought the same model again , because it is a great value and works perfectly with my titanium powerbook . My father just bought the same one for his ibook . I used the fragile apple adapter that came with the powerbook until it broke . My macally adapter is much more durable . Save yourself a nice chunk of change and get the macally .
 I went looking for an alternative to the stylish , cleverly designed , but expensive OE Apple powerbrick AC adapter when mine started showing signs of plug wear -LRB- flickering of the ring light at the connection to the computer -RRB- . I had wanted one for a while anyway , so I could keep one at home and one at my office , thus shortening my daily packing-up time and -LRB- I hoped -RRB- prolonging the life of the equipment through fewer coiling/uncoiling cycles . I was pleased to find the MacAlly product , which cost less than half as much and appeared to fill the need . I read that its power output was slightly lower ; frankly , I ca n't tell the difference . It charges my Powerbook G4 just fine . I miss the ring light on the plug keeping me apprised of charging progress -LRB- I now have to check the battery status indicator in the OSX taskbar -RRB- and it lacks the Apple adapter 's ability to plug right into the wall , so most of the time I have more cord than I need . Other than that , no problems . Good product , great price .
 This adapter is better than I expected . My original Apple adapter 's cable got cut near the joint after a year 's use , so I was looking for a cheaper alternative . I was worried whether it would work for my 12 '' G4 Aluminium Powerbook . Its power ratings are not exactly the same as the original 45W Apple adapter . It is rated at 24V , but at 2A instead of 1.875 A . So its actually 48W -LRB- 24 * 2 -RRB- rather than a 45W -LRB- 24 * 1.875 -RRB- adapter . It actually charges my 12 '' Pbook slightly faster . I guess the 15 '' Pbooks are actually 65W , so I 'm not sure how fast it charges those . Anyway , this adapter is light and the power cords are thicker than Apple 's . It costs less than half the original.The white brick is very light and there is a locking mechanism on the cable from the brick to the laptop . I wish the cable on the other end was more flexible . I didnt notice any sparks when I plugged it in , whereas my original Apple adapter always sparked and sputtered . There is no light indicating charge status , but that does n't bother me much . Although it says G4 Titanium powerbook , it seems to also work with the Aluminium powerbooks . I wish Apple made design changes to its flawed adapter . They are only enabling third parties like Macally survive :-RRB- .
 My Apple charger broke -LRB- big surprise -RRB- , and I obviously needed to replace it . Not for 80 bucks , though . I ended up with the Macally adapter since I 've had friends recommend their stuff in the past . While this charger lacks the whole hip Apple design thing , it more than makes up for it with function and solid construction . It 's also nice and compact so it 's easy to take on the go.My one quibble is that the main photo shows a white brick with gray cords and what appears to be an indicator light to show the charger is connected to an outlet . When I got mine , the cords were white -LRB- a plus -RRB- , but there was no indicator light -LRB- a minus -RRB- . In fact , that 's how it appears in the user photos.The lack of that indicator light is the only reason I 'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 -LRB- I know , I 'm picky -RRB- . All in all , it 's still a great product . It charges my 15 '' Powerbook in 1-2 hours depending on my use , and it feels like it has a sturdy build .
 This product is about half the price of that offered from apple . It does not have a charge light , but for me it is n't worth the price . Product charges the battery , which is all I am looking for .
 This was great . After the cord frayed on the original , the thought of spending lots of money just to use an out of date laptop , was a bit much.This adapter gave us a less expensive alternative . Wonderful .
 This is a solid , and affordable replacement for the apple AC Power Adapter . If you 've got a late model iBook or PowerBook , you ca n't go wrong with this device . I 've owned a number of Macally products , and while not as flashy as the genuine apple gear , their stuff always works flawlessly in my experience .
 You 'd think for such a high-end , costly `` entry-level '' laptop , buying a replacement part would be affodable . This is n't the case with the apple ibooks . The cords which seem prone to damage and breaking down , are $ 80.00 to replace if you go to Apple . That 's a lot of money for a cord that will in all probability break in around 8 months.The Macally is a great alternative - it 's a lot cheaper and has been very , very durable . The one drawback is that it does n't light up the side of your laptop -LRB- red when charging , green when charged -RRB- . Other that than , it 's great ! Good purchase for me .
 Tired of being ripped off by Apple for replacement parts ? Considering that we pay more to begin with for their products , you think they 'd give us a break . But nooooo!Thank you MacAlly for having a replacement AC adapter that does n't cost $ 79 . I 've had it for several weeks now , and it works great . It is n't pretty , but it gets the job done . If your iBook/Power Book AC adapter has died , get this one !!
 received promptly . per other reviews , product was as expected . and yes the glowing connection is slightyly missed , but the new blue glow behind my lap top is quite warm and cozy . works just fine .
 I am about to buy my 3rd one of these . Each one has lasted about 6-9 months , while an apple charger lasts about 8-12 for the amount of use I put into it . So for my money , I like to buy one of these every 6 months for $ 30 , rather then drop $ 80 on the apple brand .
 I 'm very happy with this adaptor . It is more durable than the Apple adaptor , and it seems to expand longer too . It 's white and matches my iBook G4 well . It does not have a little green light ring to indicate that it 's being charged , but you can see your battery status on your computer 's menu anyway . Personally , I found the green light on the Mac adaptor a bit annoying anyway .
 This charger is much sturdier than the mac version -LRB- which my cat chewed through in a matter of days -RRB- . I 'd read another review that said this adapter did n't work on the aluminum PowerBooks , but it works great for mine . In addition , the product arrived in about one day . I ordered it on a Friday morning and received it on Saturday before noon . I would highly reccomend this product .
 It 's not beautiful like the actual Apple product , but it works !
 Well , my review is just same as the past reviewers below . It does n't tell you if your Mac -LRB- mine is G4PB -RRB- is fully charged , but it functions perfectly okay . No worries .
 I have an ` old ' ibook from 2001 , white , and even though it says for G4 on the package of the charger , it works just fine with mine . I actually like it better than the original one from Mac , smaller and somewhat handier . Glad I did n't have to pay 80 $ to fix that ! : - -RRB-
 I purchased this unit to replace the one that came with my PowerBook that had work out . The cord is much longer and the unit has given me no problems . I do recommend this as a replacement over the Mac 's power supply.As a side note , the unit that I received did not have an LED indicator .
 I got the package immediately ! I was a little worried because when I received the package it stated that the power adaptor works for Powerbook G4 and iBook G3 . I have an iBook G4 - and it works just fine !
 This product works well , with no problems so far . I have now had it for about a month , and it keeps my iBook G4 running with no issues . It does n't have the light that indicates whether power is being received , but that 's a minor thing . Also does n't have the easy-to-use cable-wrapping things on the original , but once again , that 's a mere quibble . All in all , I am satisfied with this purchase .
 Searched Hi/Low for this item . Similar products were 5 X more expensive . So far , it works like a charm!Would recommend it to anyone!Grayfox442
 This Macally looks nice and worked fine . For six months.Macally PS-AC4 AC Power Adapter for Apple G4The Macally folks sent me a new unit , so I 'm happy enough .
 This is a good replacement for my original power supply . Good buy for the price but I miss the charging light on the plug on the computer end of the cable . With this replacement supply to find out if the computer is still charging or fully charged you have to turn the computer on look at the battery screen .
 I 've just been using it for a month or so-no problems yet . It works and the price was right-can ' t speak to reliability .
 I have ordered this for my laptop and find it is cheaper than buying one from the Apple store and works just as good .
 If you 're looking for an economical replacement for your Poweerbook or iBook power adapter , look no further!Why pay in excess of $ 100 when this puppy does the job for 1/3 the cost?With an extra long power cord , you wo n't be lacking , and as far as the tip not glowing - it 's a small loss to be sure .
 Better than the original , in my opinion .
 I got tired of packing and unpacking the charger for my PowerBook everyday , at home and work . This adapter is a great option . It works fine and is a much better buy .
 Excellent design . Its the first adapter that actually allows both cords to separate from the power unit . Most of the prior adapters that I 've thrown away was because the Mac plug got bent or crushed rendering the whole unit useless . With this design , it just requires a new wire .
 The only downside to this adapter vs. apple 's is the lack of the light ring which tells you whether the computer is fully charged or not . Otherwise it 's a great deal !
 Works just fine . Longer cord than Apple 's , which is nice . Also , seems much sturdier . Only kind I would buy in the future .
 The OEM part should be more durable . This is something you should n't have to replace . Apple really dropped the ball on that one . You buy a laptop for $ 1000 - $ 3000 and you get a POS power adapter . I know 2 other iBook or Powerbook owners who had to replace their power adapter AT LEAST once . This one is great , and you ca n't beat the price .
 This adapter does n't look as cool as the original Apple adapter , but it is very sturdy and works just fine .
 Not as pretty as Apple 's adapters , but the price is much better.Great product .
 Considerably less feeble or dangerous than the Mac adapter . Works pretty well , but not quite as powerful as the mac one , so it takes a little longer to charge up the battery . Really the only frustration is that when my battery is completely run out , I have to keep the laptop closed for about 15-20 minutes while it charges . Essentially there needs to be some charge in the battery for the adapter to get a foothold , or else it 's not powerful enough to charge and run the computer at the same time . But overall for the money and -LRB- so far -RRB- reliability , I 'll take this over the Mac adapter , which would have burned down my dorm if i had n't been in the room and noticed it was starting to smoke .
 I had to buy this as a replacement for the power adapter that came with my PowerBook G4 . Unfortunately that adapter was so poorly constructed that it began to break and fray within half a year . It quickly became a fire hazard and then broke.This power adapter is much better . The plastic coating the wires is much thicker and sturdier than the Apple adapter . The power cord is at least twice as long as the one that came with my PowerBook . It does n't have the goofy `` features '' on the apple adapter , like a flippy plug at the end , but that was part of what made the original one so prone to breakage ! It also does n't pulsate like the Apple adapter , but personally I always found that distracting anyway.I have been using it for quite some time now and it still works great . I 'm very happy with it !
 The main gripe I 've had with my wonderful ibook I purchased several years ago had to do with the powercord . The Apple power cord that came with it wore out very quickly in contrast to any power cord in my life of memories , and was , to my mind , and apparently the mind of others who have purchased the great Macally AC Adaptor , very overpriced for something that needed to be replaced frequently.I replaced the power cord twice before I had enough of it all . Finding that it would take me 1-3 weeks to order an Apple cord again , I decided to check into alternatives . Spent a ridiculously long time on the phone with one of the major outlets that handle Mac equipment only to have them screw up my order on a cosmically absurd level -LRB- they had invoiced me for a very expensive flat screen television , which was perhaps reverse psychology - the Apple plug did seem suddenly not so expensive in comparison : -RRB- Ultimately found that the outlet neither had the cord that would work with my Mac ibook with a G3 processor nor did they know what kind of cord did -LRB- this took about an hour for them to deduce , even when they had invoiced me for an alternative plug.Finally I turned to my heroes at Amazon , read a few reviews on the Apple cord -LRB- generally pretty scary -RRB- and was directed to this Macally.I LOVE it . It 's a little less compact than the Apple cord and does not have the light that indicates that it is charging to the computer , but it 's about 1/2 the price of those infernal Apple cords and I am happy . Highly recommended . Thanks , Amazon !
 I purchased one of these guys back in May of '05 and it worked alright . I had to keep an eye on the battery status on screen , due to the lack of orange/green lights telling me when it 's charged.After a few months it died on me , due to a lack of connection between the cable that plugs into the computer and the box with the blue LED on it . Their tech support was challenging to communicate with and had to be done by e-mail due to my inability to find a phone number for them . After about 5 exchanges , I FedExed them the defective unit and recieved a brand new one within the next couple weeks . The current one is working just fine.In summary
 Wow there is a lot of love it or hate it on the reviews . Some people seem to be receiving something other than the Macally product . The Macally product comes in an orange package and is spec 'd for Powerbook G4 and ibook G3 . ... It works fine on my ibook G4 . It 's white and matches the ibook . It works fine for me and I do not see any of the reported switching between charge and battery like others have reported . My onscreen battery indicator says it 's on charge all the time just like it should be . I put 2 pictures of the Macally product with my ibook G4 in the customer photo section.Here 's an update . . . Mine lasted 11 months . As another reviewer pointed out , the Macally PS-AC4 that Amazon is shipping has 48 watt output . The original Apple 14 '' G4 ibook power supply has 65 watt output . So the Macally product is just barely able to push enough power to run a G4 ibook . That would also be a contributing factor to all of the early failures that are reported.If you hit the Macally web site and search PS-AC4 you will see that it is officially specified to work with G3 i-book . I do n't have one , but maybe the G3 draws less power than a G4 ibook , so 48 watt output might work fine for a G3.For some reason it is specified to also work with a G4 Powerbook . Does that draw less power than a G4 ibook ? Not sure . All I know is it died after 11 months . I tried to warranty it with macally . They asked exactly what system I was using it with . When I said iBook G4 , my warranty was immediately voided . . . So keep that in mind if you are communicating with Macally.Since my warranty was voided , I cracked it open to see what is inside . I 'll put those pictures up . It is made by unifive . Their name is printed all over the circuit board and even molded into the back of the plastic case underneath the silver sticker .
 A replacement adapter for my 4-year-old G4 Powerbook was going to cost $ 80 from Apple . The Macally adapter is less than half the price , and it 's built like a tank -- the wires are thicker , and the plastic is more durable . The only thing you might miss is having the yellow/green charging light ... but that 's more of a luxury and not a necessity . Highly recommended .
 I am a college student and I purchased this power adapter because my Apple adapter no longer works - the cord broke near the connector - big surprise , right . This was after 3 years . Anyway , I love this new one . It 's only a week old now but I like how it looks - it 's white and matches my iBook , and the cord is more substantial , but aesthetically , it is very nice and not huge or fragile looking . I thought I 'd miss the light on the connector , but that 's not the case - It fits snugly into the input and charges rather quickly . You really ca n't beat this one ... even if it breaks 2 times and I replace it with a 3rd , I still have n't spent as much as I would on one of Apple 's shoddy adapters . I say buy it .
 Although it 's a bit bulkier and not as suave as the Mac power adaptor that ships with the Powerbook , this Macally version is a GREAT price and a very good replacement . Definitely glad I bought this one and not the $ 80 Mac replacement .
 This charger only lacks 1 feature from the Apple model
 this is a good product . the connector is more durable than the mac original , though it does n't have a charge light . charges a little more slowly than standard charger , but not a problem - gives full charge . been using it for many months with no problems .
 power adapter works . Replaced a generic adapter that burnt out after a month . I already had a PSAC4 and it 's worked for years . Much cheaper than Apple brand power adapter .
 The adaptor that comes with the Apple Powerbook did not last as long as it should have ! Then to charge that expensive cost for replacement ... Shame on them ! I accidentally dropped and bent the first adaptor that I bought from you and replaced it and still have enough left over to buy another if needed !!! WHY ? Apple ?
 I bought this after the cable split open on my original AC adapter . This adapter may not have the color-changing indicator light on the end to let you see if your laptop is fully charged or still charging , but its construction is much better than the original adapter , and I do n't expect it to split open like my old one did . The velcro strap attached to this adapter is also a much better way of wrapping and storing the cord than the plastic tabs on the original .
 After my Apple adapter finally went to the big orchard in the sky , I was overwhelmed with grief coupled with the desire to not pay full price for its replacement . A quick trip to Amazon and some button mashing led me to an old ally -LRB- pun intended -RRB- Macally and the PS-AC4 . Click . Purchase . Consumer joy . I would recommend this . True , it 's not as aesthetically pleasing as Apple 's OEM juicer , but hey , what is ?
 my mac charger broke recently and when i looked at the prices to replace it , i almost fainted . $ 75 !!?! unbelievable for that piece of junk . so when i found this well-reviewed replacement on amazon , i decided to go for it . thank god i did . i could not be happier . it seems much more sturdy than the mac one . the cord is longer and has an attached velcro tab for shortening it if you need to . the plug-in does n't glow like the mac one to tell you if it 's fully charged or not , but who cares ? just open your computer and look at the screen . it 's really insignificant when you compare the price . i highly recommend this product .
 My apple power cord frayed at the plug in site to the computer so I replaced it with the macally and have fallen in love with this one . I 'll admit that I do miss the cool wrap-around-the-base feature of the Apple power adapter , but this one secures with velcro and is much higher quality . Not only does this power adapter have better length , but also does not get as hot as the base of Apple 's . Definitely a great buy !
 As with most of the others who have written reviews , the pin for my iBook cord had broken off . I ordered the Macally version to save some money and was a little scared it would not work . I am glad I was wrong ! It charged up my iBook immediately and seems a lot sturdier than the Apple version .
 This is a great product and a great price . I love that the connection is more solid than Apple 's .
 I purchased this to have a spare at home - often taking office work home - and also because many people had so many bad experiences with the original power adapter from Mac . My original is now over 2 years old and it 's been doing fine . I used the new one almost every night and so far -LRB- 14 days -RRB- its working fine .
 We got our PowerBook in July of 2003 and had to replace the Apple adapter twice . I finally got fed up with the flimsy cord and purchased this Macally PS-AC4 adapter and I am very happy with the quality of the product . We 've been using this for months and the only complaint -LRB- which is why the 4 stars and not 5 -RRB- is that we miss seeing the little light around the end of the cord that plugs into the PowerBook that indicates the charge status -LRB- the one that glows orange or green -RRB- . I would highly recommend this replacement to anyone , as long as you can live without the status light . At this price , it is hands down a better alternative to the delivered cord .
 I 've had my Powerbook for almost 2 years now , and I 've burnt TWO original Apple Powercords , they 're $ 100.00 each , so , just decided to not go for the 3rd one and try this one , which has me really happy so far , not as weak as Apple , and pretty practical , no mention a lot cheaper . The Apple one was a little easier to roll up and put away , but considering pro 's and con 's , this one if definitely just BETTER .
 Like the other reviewer mentioned , Clear AV sent the wrong adapter !! They sent the `` inspire '' brand adapter M8482.BEWARE !!! More importantly this adapter is rated at 65 watts -LRB- not 45 -RRB- . I do n't think this would be healthy for your computer . I am starting the process of returning this item . I 'll will write again if I have problems with the return . Luckily I discovered the disparity before hooking up my laptop . Not happy.Update
 Please be sure when you order this product from Amazon that you are sent a Macally charger ... I had initially ordered one , but there was a problem with the address they mailed it to , so they sent a second one . I ended up getting both ... Both of them turned out to be Macally knock offs and would n't plug properly into my computer . Thankfully , I had ordered a second one from Maczone for our other computer and I was able to see that mine was different from that one . I double checked the receipt and packing form to make sure I had n't made a mistake , and it had my product listed as the Macally PS-AC4 AC adapter . I hope that Amazon will fix this screw up ... The Macally AC Power adapter gets 4 starsThe Cheap knock off that doesn ' t fit gets Zero stars ...
 Was an affordable alternative to Apple 's and generally works well , but the connector to the computer is n't secure . I 'll be typing along and get a battery warning and have to jiggle the cord to recharge . Still , came at a better price than Apple 's and I got what I paid for .
 This Macally is the 3rd Apple OEM adapter that I 've replaced , and it 's both the cheapest and the most aesthetically pleasing alternative I 've encountered . I 'm not surprised to find entire websites devoted to lawsuits against Apple for the seventy-buck unrepairable gizmo that moreover likes to spark and short out circuits . One little tear in Apple 's thin cord , or a bent pin in the plug , and say goodbye to the pricey little bugger.Even if your original plug is still plugging away , my advice would be to purchase the Macally immediately and save Apple 's cute little folding prong for the rare occasions when you 're traveling and wish to conserve space . Otherwise , do n't be too surprised and upset when you discover your computer time is limited to whatever charge you have remaining in your battery .
 I needed another powerbook AC adaptor but did n't want to spring for the Mac product.The Macally IBook adaptor works great at half the price . Love the blue light !
 I could n't believe that my original ibook power ac adapter broke after such little use -- it is designed badly and is very vulnerable right at the plug that enters the computer . How great that Macally has a version that is 1/2 the price and equal in every way .
 so much more inexpensive than the apple adapter . takes a little longer to get to 100 % but not significantly longer . easier to plug in anywhere vs. the apple adapter . significant differences in design and there is nothing on the adapter to indicate if its charging or if charging is complete.otherwise great buy !
 Got tired of replacing over priced adapters provided by Apple . They are truly the Achilles heal of the Apple portables . This baby does the job and does n't feel like it will break if I use it a little roughly . Maybe not as COOL looking and no amber/green glowing light but I 'll take durability/reliability AND about half the price anyday !
 Get this instead of Apple 's power adapter . It costs less than half as much and looks very durable . The cable is long -LRB- 10 feet -RRB- and come with a small velco strip to keep the cable tidy.I do n't think they mention anywhere on the web but it is rated at 24W . This is good for some older powerbooks . The newer ones require 45W I think , but from what I have read this might be okay for those laptops as well . I 'm just happy I got this after three failed apple adapters .
 At half the price of the original Apple adapter , this is a good value . That said , I do miss the lcd ring around the plug of the Apple adapter , the one that glows green or orange depending on if the laptop is fully charged or is currently charging . It 's useful to discern at a glance if I can take my laptop and go without wondering if it 's fully charged . Also , the glowing ring would indicate that it IS charging -- sometimes the other end of the electrical plug will come loose , and I would n't be aware that the computer is n't charging if it was n't for the light . However , being on a limited budget , the lcd ring is a sacrifice I 'd make to save nearly $ 40 .
 This adapter has worked just fine with an older TiBook , and a newer 12 '' iBook . Certainly a good deal for the money . Things that you miss from the Apple chargers
 This is a great substitute for the highly overpriced apple brand adapter . No it does n't have the fancy little light ring , but it is not necessary . For half the price for my 2 year old iBook it works great .
 better than the apple power adapter in my opinion ... only one bad thing though , the ring around the plug does n't light orange/green when its plugged into the powerbook like the apple . . oh well ... other than that , works fine for me ! : -RRB-
 Use it to power my G4 PowerBook . Functionally it has been perfect . I do n't travel with it , so I do n't mind its somewhat unwieldy size and shape . If I did , I 'd want a smaller adapter , like the -LRB- more expensive -RRB- one made by Apple .
 I got my second one of these recently . Now I keep a charger at work and another at home so I do n't have to carry them back and forth . The one at home has been in use for a year now with no problems ; they 're more durable than the Apple ones at a fraction of the cost .
 This is a great alternative for the apple power cord . Ive had this thing for 6 months now and its perfect , not even a sign of wear is present . BUY IT !
 I love Macs and have had them for years , but I get really irritated having to replace the low-grade peripherals all the time , especially power supplies . The Macally version is great . Smaller , lighter and longer than the Apple version , and half the cost . Works just fine . I 've used macally stuff before and it 's always very solid and well thought out , definitely fills a void .
 Plug seems to be a little sturdier than my previous Apple-provided failure . That one lasted me 2 years , which is n't too bad . This is a good backup , but it takes more than twice as long to charge . I imagine this is because they set the current lower to prevent from frying the battery . Apple probably has a very exact amount of power to go through to the battery for optimum charging and safety to the battery that the 3rd party manufacturers have n't figured out . That said , it 's a good thing that they were conservative . I 've heard of other 3rd party power supplies destroying the battery over time . All in all , this is a great backup and it was the only thing available to me since Apple has their flawed adapter on backorder due to the huge demand for it . Unfortunately , I will probably wind up buying another Apple power supply and keeping this Macally as a backup . I wish Apple would pay a little more attention to their customers and fix an $ 80 item on a $ 2500 laptop , otherwise I might just be tempted to wander back into Windowsland .
 I 'm quite happy with this power adapter . It works well for my iBook G4 . Overall , the cord is substantially longer than the original adapter . I do miss the little amber/green light ring , but it was certainly not necessary . Also , no cute little plastic plug cover -LRB- to lose -RRB- . Overall , it is a utilitarian , even clunky design , not sleek and innovative like the original . The plug fits just as tightly into the socket as the apple adapter 's does . The cord has a nice velcro wrap to keep it bundled when you 're mobile . My only quibble is the ridiculous amount of plastic packaging used for this product .
 Well , I bought this because my charger plugs weakened and would not stay in full contact with a wall outlet or even on a power strip . Maybe the prongs would have an easier time laying limp on a flat floor outlet , but seeing as none of those are convenient , I gave up on the apple charger and now only use it away from my desk when I run out of power . -LRB- Almost Never -RRB- This charger works great and it sits discretely behind my computer , the only problem I have is when I run a shredder -LRB- an ancient reciept shredder -RRB- it seems to do something funny with the charger and the speakers that I have on the same power strip . Perhaps a new shredder is in order ...
 I bought this power supply as a replacement for the one that came with my Powerbook G4 . At less than half the cost of Apple 's , this supply is equally functional and considerably more durable . The only feature I miss is the light where it plugs into the computer . All in all though , I 'm very pleased ; I should have bought it sooner !
 After the wiring on my Apple charger split and threw sparks and smoke at me I decided to try this adapter . My order arrived promptly with no problems . The adapter itself is a lot nicer looking in person than in the photo . The photo makes it appear a dull grayish color -LRB- on my monitor anyway -RRB- but in person it is a brilliant white . The cords are sturdy and have snug connections . I keep my computer plugged in all day and night and the adapter is barely warm to the touch . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 There have been a few negative reviews on this product lately . After looking into this , I found out what the problem was . The inventory that Amazon has is the original Macally product . However , some of the third party sellers are selling a product that is nothing like the Macally one . I have been using the Macally one for close to 3 years and have had no problems with it . But when I ordered one from one of the other sellers , I received a product that looked nothing like the original Macally one . I hope this clears up some of the concerns and confusions out there .
 I work at home most of the time and go into the office a couple days a week . Recently while leaving home , I packed up the 17 '' PowerBook , mouse , external HD , but left the Apple power adapter plugged into the UPS . Ooops ! Battery was topped off so I made it thru the 5 hr day at the office okay by being conservative -LRB- in an all liberal office ! -RRB- , but do n't like working that way . Decided to get a second power adapter so I 'd not make that mistake again -- one to travel -LRB- Apple -RRB- , one to stay plugged in at home -LRB- Macally -RRB- . After doing some research and reading lots of reviews , decided on a Macally , and I 'm glad I did . I agree with all the positives I 've read -- great price -LRB- less than half of Apple -RRB- , runs cooler than Apple , nice long cord if you need it ... and powers my 17 '' PowerBook perfectly . My suggestion
 I was dismayed when the adaptor that came with my ibook gave out . I was even more dismayed when I checked the prices for replacements online.I chanced upon this while browsing amazon and it is such a great alternative buy . The cord is longer than the mac adaptor . The size is manageable . While it does n't have the indicator light around the edge of the cord , the price is much much better than the ones made by mac.It seems so much sturdier and durable too .
 Received this yesterday to power my PowerBook G4 -LRB- bought in 05 -RRB- and it 's working fine -- unlike some other reviews I 've read , I 've found it to provide charge when laptop is both open and closed .
 I read a lot of reviews where people were having problems with this adapter ... I have the earlier version of this adapter that worked well but had broken because of the twist screw plug and was considering going with the nearly twice as expensive Apple version . I bit the bullet and bought this one again . It 's working great . My laptop is back to life , I 'm getting less heat from this adapter than before , there is no flickering or strange battery surging that I 've read in other reviews ... It 's working great for me .2004 1.5 GhZ G4 PowerBook running OS X
 It 's a charger so there is n't really much to say . It charges as it should , does n't feel too cheap -LRB- even though it was n't too expensive -RRB- and the cord length felt just right . Overall very pleased with this replacement charger .
 It works great , but takes a little longer to charge than the original Apple chargers . Though , for the price , the charge time is more than adequate .
 The Apple Powerbook G4 laptop is well-known for its battery/adapter problems . My Powerbook G4 laptop was purchased in 2005 . Within a year of purchasing , my original Apple adapter fritzed out and stopped working . I replaced it with a Macally adapter for G4 which worked just fine until a couple months ago , when it stopped providing power to my laptop . I searched again online for an adapter and ended up replacing it with exactly the same product -- the Macally power adapter for G4 . To get 4 + years of use out of the inexpensive Macally product compared to spending a lot whole lot more $ $ with Apple is well worth it to me . I expect this new adapter will last just as long . I also like the nice , long cord .
 I was worried when I ordered this because there were so many bad reviews . After all , it 's a power cord there is only one thing that can go wrong how can they all be so bad . I have had it for about a month now and it 's a power cord . yay !
 I was n't sure this was spec 'd for my G3 IBook , but another review and some looking into the hertz/watts thing convinced me . I 'm hoping it 'll be a backup for my G4 Powerbook too . It works fine . Seems to load up my battery as quickly as the original AC adapter ; it 's lighter and seems to be more compactable -- easier to carry around . I 'd recommend it .
 I read many positive reviews before buying this product , so my thanks to all of the previous posters . This adaptor is actually really great . I was a little upset before because I thought I was replacing my old G3 adapter with an even uglier one but was very happy to see that it is n't like the picture . It 's the same shape but the chords everything is white , so it matches well with my ibook . It also has a pretty blue light that shines when the AC is connected , but it does n't do much else . So if your worried about having an ugly adapter do n't be because this is actually pretty nice . -LRB- at least much nicer than the G3 model adaper -RRB-
 When my OEM apple powercord finally broke for my old G3 labtop , I was scared it was going to cost a lot to purchase a new one . Thank goodness MacAlly now offers a powercord for Apple laptops . This cord works great and is much sturdier than the apple power cord . The cord is thicker than the original and the power box is no where near as heavy nor does it get as hot as Apple 's . I ca n't believe I waited so long to get one . After having 3 cords fray on me -LRB- I have more than one Apple lap top -RRB- I am so pleased to find an affordable replacement that 's better than the original -LRB- albeit not as `` cute . '' -RRB- But still this is a very good piece of equipment and a good price at $ 30 . I eventually plan to replace my other computer 's powercord , too , with one of these . I highly recommend this item . And with Amazon Prime I got it in a couple of days at no extra charge !
 This is a far better ac adapter than Apple 's original , and for less money.The only downside is you do n't get visual confirmation that you are charging . I went through two Apple chargers in 3 years . Although they replaced the first under Apple Care , I was told later that it is n't really covered by the Apple Care warranty and they should not have replaced it . In any case I was not about to buy a third at Apple 's price when they regularly wear out . I 'm told the new magnetic a/c adapters also have problems , so I hope these folks will make a unit for the newer machines too , but they may run into patent issues ?
 I got the Macally power cord after the Apple one that came with my iBook finally broke down 2 years after purchase . I will agree that this model is n't as aesthetically pleasing as the Apple version , and I do miss having the orange and green indicator light to let me know that my computer is charging , but the difference between $ 30 and $ 80 is enough that I 'm willing to give up the eye candy for the price . The Macally power adapter charges my computer just as well as the Apple version , it just does n't look pretty while it does it . Also , it 's a bit bulkier and takes up more space in my laptop bag . Still , the $ 50 I saved makes it worth the added weight . Unless you have serious reasons for buying the Apple power adapter -LRB- eg , vanity -RRB- , I would go ahead and get the Macally version . Your pocketbook will thank you , and you can spend the extra money on other Apple extras .
 Works great , ca n't beat the value for the price paid ... less than half the price of most chargers .
 As a replacement for the stylish Mac power brick the MACALLY adapter provides the best choice in a compact , utilitarian ac adapter . I doubt one could find a better value . For half the price of OEM you only give up the charge state led in the connector and the wire wrap `` wings '' .
 I have been using the Powebook iBook AC Adapter for several weeks now with my Ti-Book , DVI . The product works great , and is a good -LRB- economical and functional -RRB- , replacement to the Apple OEM Power Adapter . Only complaint is the Apple OEM provides an effecient method for knowing if the battery is charged with the variation of colored LEDs .
 As my original iBook AC Adapter broke its little connector I decided I needed two more to replace it . One for two locations and also as back up if one were to break . So I bought one Macally and a BTI . Well after a while of usual use the BTI unit broke in the same way as the original ! So I now have a second macally unit and both are still going strong .
 I miss the lighted ring telling you that the charger is charging , but for 1/2 of the price of Apple 's replacement , I can do without it!The LED iS BRIGHT , and cool bluish color . The cable that breaks on Apple 's charger is noticeably thicker on this charger.Get this . You 'll not regret it .
 Works fine on the PowerBook G4 . Does n't have an LED to tell you it 's on and , of course , does n't have a smart plug to show charging status .
 My original Apple power adapter started sparking , Apple said it was my fault -LRB- though numerous others had similar problems -RRB- , so I replaced with these . They are a bit clunkier , so I leave one at work and one at home , as I was able to buy a few of these at the price of one Apple unit .
 I found myself needing a 4th charger . After trying pricy name brand chargers that kept breaking , I desided to check this one out for a third of the cost.It works great and does not appear to have any of the same flaws . = -RRB-
 I just bought my second one . We have 3 Macs at our house and the cords do not hold up . I dreaded replacing them but I like my computer . I tried this the last time my cord went and it worked great , so when the most recent power cord fell apart I did not hesitate . It does the same job at a third of the price !
 I bought this power adapter literally seconds after my original Apple one died . When it came in I was very pleased . Sure its not quite as compact as the Apple one , the cords are n't quite as nice , and you do n't get the cool glowing thingy that connects to your laptop , but all thats fine . The Macally power adapter feels decently heavy , not cheap , and it works perfectly . The cord length is just about the same as the Apple adapter so no worries there.Losing a glowing end and a tiny bit of size in order to cut the price in half compared to a new Apple adapter is very much worth it .
 Beats the heck out of paying $ 80 for the Apple replacement . Does n't have the indicator lightsbut it charges the laptop just fine .
 I could n't stomach paying over $ 70 for a Mac adaptor , particularly when PC adapators are so inexpensive . When I read the reviews from others about the Macally Adaptor , I thought I would give it a try . Wonderful . No problems .
 As many mac users have been reporting , the power adapter that came with my G4 PowerBook originally was very sleek and visually pleasing but had flimsy functionality . I did n't have any problems with the Mac cord for three years and then it literally fell apart in less than two weeks . I bought this Macally power adapter because it had many good reviews from other Mac owners experiencing the same problem , and the Macally adapter was less than half the price of an Apple replacement cord.It arrived quickly and safely , the product was actually better looking in person than in the product image , and it has since fulfilled my needs beautifully . I 've actually been rather rough on this one but it shows no signs of wear or tear . This is a GREAT alternative to searching for and purchasing an overpriced replacement cord from Apple . The two cords actually look the same over all , and have only minor differences in appearance . The durability and reasonable price of the Macally cord has me sold .
 I would n't get this for a newer machine , but decent for an old beater laptop . Main complaint is that the powercord does n't detach from the adapter -LRB- though a previous reviewer said it came as three parts -RRB- as I like to leave the powercord plugged . Though Apple no longer sells the yoyo , the cordwrap feature on the OEM was a nice feature . Unlike the picture my Macally has white cords , not gray , which is more aesthetically pleasing .
 This Adapter will do the job as good or even better than the original adapter for a fraction of the price . Unless you are deeply in love with the `` cute looks '' and the Apple logo on the original adapter save your self some money by buying this one .
 After going through 2 OEM Apple adaptors , and deciding that I ca n't justify my budget for power adaptors going through the roof , I decided to try this adaptor.After a month of use , I have to say I am well pleased . This is a great price for a simple product . -LRB- Really , how complicated can a power adaptor be ? -RRB- PRO
 Like some other reviewers , the product I received did not look exactly like the one pictured . That 's irritating . But , it functions perfectly , which is more than I can say for the expensive Mac chargers.Mac stores will tell you it 's a `` myth '' that their chargers break . Um ... why is it then that me , my brother , three friends and several acquaintances have had this problem ?
 I like having multiple power adapters for my laptop -- ideally , one at home , one at work , and one in my travel bag . Apple 's original power adapters have a tendency to fray and of course that happened to one of my adapters . Not wanting to risk a fire or shell out the $ 79 to get an Apple-branded one , I found this MacAlly adapter for a fraction of the cost.Pros
 Bought this as a replacement for my ibook charger . Its about $ 40 cheaper than the apple proprietary version and does the same exact thing - > power my laptop . Its not as fancy looking , however , and the cord is kind of stiff . But if you dont care about that sort of stuff then there is no reason to buy the overpriced apple version .
 As some of you know Apple products are high quality and one of the best ! For some reason my old adaptor just burned out and the prong broke off . This one seems to be a better quality and serves it 's purpose thus far .
 This adapter works just as well -LRB- if not better - it does n't seem to get as hot as the Apple charger -RRB- , at a fraction of the price .
 This product does n't overheat as much as Apple 's original power adapter . I 'd give it 5 stars , except it does n't have an indicator to tell the customer when the laptop is fully charged . Otherwise , despite the slightly less stylish look of the adapter , -LRB- it 's more plastic-looking than glossy -RRB- I consider it a better bargain buy .
 Simple and reliable . That 's all I want , and that 's what I got . One third the cost of the OEM and actually works for more than a month !
 and at half the cost that I paid for my LAST replacement power adapter -LRB- yes , I am on my THIRD -RRB- this is a bargain . It is indeed ugly , but its easy to tuck it away .
 No it does n't have the LED indicator , but it works . Note
 I 've bought three of these and they 've always worked well . Much cheaper than Apple OEM power brick .
 We have 3 PowerBooks in the house , and 2 of them are using these cords now when their OEM powercords fizzled out - as the apple cords are known to do . While they do n't light up , they do their intended job , and they do so without overheating QUITE as bad as the original cord . It still gets warm , so give it some space , but overall , a very nice product .
 I have had to replace my powerbook power cord twice already . Both times before I broke the bank by purchasing the cord from apple . Big mistake . Although steep in price those things are C-H-E-A-P ! This last time i decided to go with the Macally . What a great deal ! Much more durable than then apple version . It is also more compact . The only thing missing is the indicator light to let you know if the battery is charging . Not a big deal for such a great price !
 This power adapter was just the thing I needed after the Apple adapter fizzled out -- the cord frayed and the connection was loose . I could n't justify spending $ 50 to replace it with another Apple one that would do the same thing . The Macally adapter is perfect ; the connection is solid and tight , and it is well made . It is even white to match the product . A nice blue LED lets you know it 's plugged in . One thing it is missing is the green/orange indicator LED to let you know when the charge is complete . But that 's not a necessity anyway . Overall I have been extrememly pleased and the price is right .
 This is a great product , with one flaw
 The Macally PS-AC4 is a great replacement item for the OEM power unit . A bit larger than the original , it provides an easy velcro strap that easily contains the wires or releases them to do their duty . Easy to use with a better strain relief than that of the OEM . The loss of the tell-tale light at the base of the adapter plus is missed , but hte positives out weight this little omission .
 The cord works great . It 's not as cool looking as the Apple Adapter and it does not have the light indicator , thats all I can say bad about it . Its $ 50 less than the Apple one so go buy it .
 This was a perfectly fine replacement for the standard power cord . If your a fanboy and absolutely need the Apple version then go ahead and waste your $ otherwise this will suit you fine .
 I 've gone through two adapters made by Macintosh for my laptop . This one is far superior to the Macintosh made product . It does n't overheat . The connection stays tight.The only thing to remember is to turn off the power stip or unplug after use , because the adapter continues to draw energy even when not in use . But turning off the power strip is a good habit to get into anyway - helps save the environment - so that is n't a complaint .
 Although this is a wonderful working power adapter , I do n't believe it is the Macally Adapter that was advertised . I am however happy with it and would shop with this vendor again.Thank you .
 After damaging my 2nd Apple power adapter beyond repair -LRB- stepped on # 1 , dropped laptop directly on to # 2 -RRB- , decided to save a bundle with the Macally . The product shipped on time -LRB- 2 days -RRB- and in original Macally packaging . Product is solidly constructed , quality design and parts . Bright blue power lamp can be annoying because in order to rest the unit to allow maximum air cooling the lamp faces the user . So far have also noted heating of unit but not enough to refrain from use . -LRB- Would not recommend placing unit directly on carpeted floor in confined space unattended . -RRB- I use my G4 Titanium Powerbook as a desktop replacement with ViewSonice 22 '' monitor and therefore power adapter is always plugged in . Rests on wooden desktop with no discernible heat damage to desk . It appears to be a more professionally designed product than the OEM Apple adapter , especially the connector that plugs into the laptop itself . Would have liked a protective cover for that plug ; however , the presence of one did not stop me from destroying the previous two connectors beyond use . Also there is no lamp at the plug -LRB- as in the OEM -RRB- to indicate that a solid connection has been made ; therefore , you must open a powered-up laptop to ensure that it is charging properly .
 I got this Macally adapter when my original iBook adapter cord broke -LRB- the wires at the power point separated -RRB- and it works awesomely ! -LRB- despite the lack of a LED light to indicated whether it 's fully charged or not -RRB- All those looking for a replacement should definitely get this instead of another liable-to-break Mac adapter . = -RRB-
 My now ancient iBook 's adapter finally become too unsafe to use ; the Mac Ally adapter works and cost a lot less than an Apple OEM one .
 I must say that this adapter is ten times better than the one that came with my ibook . The cord is heavier , it comes in three parts which will make it easy to replace a section , it plugs into the socket without that huge power pack blocking the other outlet , and the charge to my battery was quick ! I wish that this one came with my computer when I purchased it .
 This is a solid replacement for Apple 's charger . It is light weight and does the job it was intended to do . Blue `` on '' light simply tells you it 's plugged in , but there 's no indicator to tell you when the computer is fully charged . Lacks the portability elegance of the Apple charger , but costs a lot less .
 I love it , it 's LONG and the connection is secure and it does n't get hot ! It 's wonderful !
 My husband and I both have Mac laptops and the dog chewed his charger to pieces -LRB- yay ! -RRB- and after five years of use , my charger literally started smokig while it was plugged in -LRB- yay ! -RRB- I went to the Mac company store to buy new chargers , but at a whopping 79.99 I only bought one . I found the MacAlly charger on Amazon.com and decided to give it a try . When we got it and tried it out I immediately returned the Mac brand charger for a refund . I love the MacAlly charger ! Its actually long enough to be practical . It does n't fall out of the wall socket from its own weight -LRB- imagine that . -RRB- And it never gets hot enough to fry eggs.BUY IT ! It 's less than half the cost of the brand name , it 's a more practical design , and it 's still small enough to fit into my little laptop bag . Sure , its not as novel or cute , and it does n't have the little Apple insignia on it , but I 'm not paying eighty bucks for one charger when I could buy the two that I needed for about the same .
 Less than half the price of OEM AC adapter , very well made , good solid design . You can live without the little light around the plug . Did I mention -- LESS THAN HALF THE PRICE !!!
 Works very well and at a very reasonable price . It is built a lot stouter than the Apple power supply it repaces and at less than half the cost . You might miss the light on the plug but it work fine witout it . I doubt that the light is worth an extra $ 50.00 .
 So far so good . I have used power adapter since my Apple Adapter got a short in the cord . I have owned various Apple Laptops and almost all of the power adapters have needed replacing . I like to buy Apple branded replacements but they cost twice as much as this one . I have been using it for several weeks without any problems .
 Though the output of this power supply is lower than the Apple supply , it seems to work fine -- and it is very reasonably priced . Too bad that Amazon stopped carrying the supply .
 This adapter does n't have the `` cool '' factor that the original AC adapter had . I did n't really use just the plug attached to brick option on the original , which is the only thing this adapter lacks . Very good product .
 The MACALLY POWERBOOK AC ADAPTER works perfectly and the best thing is that I have it and did n't have to wait 4 to 6 weeks like Apple was telling me . We will see how long it lasts but being able to buy two of them for the price of one Apple one is another advantage . Apple you need to be ashamed for even putting your supporters in the position of having to go to an aftermarket supplier . Makes me think of what other aftermarket things I need to be looking into .
 Not quite as good as the Mac ac adapter . But , for the price , it ca n't be beat .
 It does the job and works to charge my 12 '' Powerbook . You save so much compared to the price of the original apple adapter .
 I 've had this adaptor for almost 2 years - it 's an excellent product that has held up extremely well - much better than Apple 's version did ! If you 're needing a replacement power cord for your iBook , this is the product for you !
 Considering it costs less than half the price of the original Apple adapter , it 's a wonderful piece of equipment . it 's great it is white as the iBook , and the cable that goes to the laptop is stronger than the original one . Just two thing to have in mind
 Much more durable than the Apple adapter -LRB- my Apple one broke in 2 months -RRB- , and MUCH better priced . I think this is the best one around for the value . Only downside is that there is no indicator as to when it is charging -LRB- the Apple one has Green v. Amber color -RRB- . All in all , a great buy .
 Purchased this to replace the OEM power adapter -LRB- puppy chewed it up -RRB- . Works fine , does the job . A little bulkier than the OEM , and I would have liked the same type of LED system to indicate charging/fully-charged status . Still , for the price , it 's just fine .
 Much better value than the OEM charger that has a poorly designed strain relief .
 This product is a much better , cheaper alternative to the official replacement -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- . Apple should consider a general recall and replacement program , lest one of their poorly-designed chargers be directly implicated in a major fire , lest many consumers begin to engage in a class action lawsuit regarding their terribly-made and poorly-conceived product.Buy this product , or take action to make Apple address the problem rather than NOT LISTENING to consumer 's concerns .
 I do n't know how long I searched and searched for a replacement for myPowerbook G4 power adapter replacement . I looked at Computer City , Apple Stores , apple.com , and even Ebay . The old adapters are n't availablein either of the two stores and online the adapters can hit you up for 80bucks ! Ugh!This adapter works great with the generation of apple laptops before theMagSafe adapters and it 's much less prone to malfunction and designflaws that will enable it to rip , etc. . Very elegant , too .
 This thing works fantastic ! My fiance accidentally broke off the prong inside her computer and after ordering the part for it off ebay and fixing it myself for 30 bucks , I ordered this new cable hoping 30 bucks for the power source would be well spent rather than the $ 90 from apple . Well it works fantastic ! Course now we discovered her battery is dying . Guess it 's time to order an OEM battery too !! ORDER THIS PRODUCT IT WORKS PERFECT !
 This unit is well built and works really well . It was just used to startup from a drained battery -LRB- left my Mac on battery all nite . . duh -RRB- . Well , at 0 % charged , I plugged this unit in and starting web browsing , in minutes the charge was at 2 % and rising , as well as keeping up with the browsing demands . For the price , it can not be beat . It also seems I keep forgetting to unplug the original charger when I pack to do travelling , so this new unit makes a great spare to keep packed in my laptop case .
 I am so glad to have this adapter instead of the origional mac power adapter . It 's made of much sturdier material and less expensive then replacing with an apple product .
 The IBOOK AC ADAPTOR is so much sturdier than the MAC version . The long cord is a plus and does not coil up or twist like the MAC . The blue indicator light on the charger lets me know that the unit is on and functioning . The pricing is so much less than the MAC cord and in my opinion is a much better unit .
 Could n't be more satisfied with this product ! And the low price ... I 've bought my last $ 80 Mac adapter . They can fook right orf !!! : - -RRB-
 The construction is solid , and the device has no serious shortcomings aside from it 's 50w power output which limits it 's usefulness for 15 '' powerbook users . I use this as my travel adapter and because of it 's lower power output than the standard 65w adapter the computer does not charge if I am using it heaviliy .
 I have had no problem with this so far . I 've been using it for the past month and it has done exactly what is supposed to . The cord is much longer than Apple 's charger and seems a lot more durable . People keep complaining about how it does n't have the light charging indicator on it , but as long as you have the icon on your computer that signifies it 's charging you are fine . And at this price , you ca n't beat it .
 This charger is just what I needed to replace my Apple charger and it costs a whole lot less . The only recommendation is that you make sure to plug it into a surge protector as there is no third-prong ground on it .
 not bad for the price . the little box part of it gets really hot though . in my opinion it charges the computer faster than the power cord that came with the computer .
 I like this a lot - it does not bend at the junction the way the mac one does and the mac one almost encourages that break with the way the cord wraps up . This one has a super long cord -LRB- that I keep partially coiled -RRB- . The only drawback is it does n't have the green/red charge clue around the plug but you can always look at your screen to see what % charged you are .
 It does n't catch on fire ! What else am I supposed to rate it on?Actually , there is one thing - the plug the connects to the computer does n't glow green or yellow to signify battery charge status like Apple 's does , which keeps this from getting the full 5 stars .
 We found this adapter to be a satisfactory alternative to the more expensive Apple replacement adapter . We read other reviews that suggested it may be more durable as well . It does n't light up around the plug-in but it does have a light on the brick which shows it is charging .
 Works well with my G3 IBook ... nice long cord ... connection to computer does n't `` glow '' like stock cord . Great for the price , no complaints
 This works perfectly on my powerbook , and is in my opinion better than the stock powerbook charger . I never have to wiggle this one into the right position to charge but doesnt plug in so tightly that if you pull on it it takes the whole computer with it . I cant speak to its functionality on the ibookbut I highly reccomend it as a replacement to the stock powerbook power adapter .
 This is a wonderful replacement adapter not made by Apple and is a great value for the dollar . This piece of equipment was less than 50 % of the price of the Apple AC Adapter and is a stronger cable that will not bend and wear as quickly . I would recomend this AC Adapter over the original Adapter from Apple to everyone anytime .
 This product is a beaute ... just missing one thing , a status indicator light to know when battery is charged.You 'd think with the cool blue LCD light , it would have been easy to incorporate into the design.Product does n't get hot as did original Apple ...
 Does n't have the green light when connected , but hey ! It 's a lot cheaper than the original . Let 's see how much it lasts as the materials seem to be a little bit lame .
 So far this adapter works great . Does n't have the green/orange light that the original Mac one did , but this one actually works , as opposed to the crappy Mac adapter that kept shorting out !
 I have really enjoyed this product . It is lighter than the original adapter and seems to be more sturdy . It does not get as hot as my old one either . It does n't have an indicator light to show that it is charging , but you can still see on your screen that the battery is charging as long as your computer is on . The velcro strap is very strong and does n't loosen up , so the cord stays in a bundle . Very good product for a lot less money than the original charger . I 'm really glad I bought it instead of the original model .
 Great product ! And it 's half the price then the Apple adapter they sell in their stores ! Works great & fast delivery .
 It is a bit different . I do miss the little LED light showing the chargers ' status . SlimBatteryMonitor , an excellent donation-ware , does a better job of keeping you aware of your battery status anyway.Then again the cable that goes between the brick and into the iBook appears to be much stronger that the original Apple one . But hey for the low price and the seeming to be tougher its a pretty good deal.BTW Macally no longer officially makes these thing but the more important issues are safety and function.For the safety notion this unit carries the UL listing and several other similar verifications for a safe electronic device.I 've had several Apple chargers die on me , always at the junction of the cable and that pretty little lighted thingie . So as they die I 'll keep buying more of these .
 When my baby yanked my old power brick out of the wall it died when it hit the floor . I really did n't want to pay 80 bucks for a new Apple adapter for my ancient iBook G3 600 , probably worth only about twice that with it 's broken screen hinge . The MacAlly PS-AC4 AC adapter to the rescue ! It works just fine for less than half the price .
 I discovered the Macally Adapter courteous of a Mac Genius after I had left my orignial Powerbook adapter at work before leaving on a trip . I happened to be staying near a mall with an Apple store , so I went in to purchase an original Apple Powerbook adapter . Unfortunately , the Apple store was sold out of their adapters , but the Mac Genius allowed me to charge my laptop at the counter . While sitting at the counter , the friendly Mac Genius showed me the Macally Adapter when he had a break between helping customers and told me it worked great.I ordered one from Amazon and use it has my home charger while carrying the Apple charger when traveling . For the money , it is a great backup charger , and now I do n't have to unhook and fish my Apple charger through holes on my desk to the surge protector for all my other computer peripherals.Rather than look like the Apple charger for Powerbooks/iBooks , the Macally charger is like most PC chargers . It 's has two separate cords , the cord with the AC plugs is permanately attached to the rectangular white piece , while the cord that plugs into the Apple can be disconnected from both the laptop and the rectangular piece . It does n't have the Apple orange/green filter and light at the tip of the plug , but I can simply look at the top right corner of my laptop to see if I 'm charging versus using battery power.This adapter has Apple beat in the length of the cord itself more than doubling the length of the Apple adapter . Apple 's cord is approx 6 feet , while the Macally measures over 12 feet.This is an excellent replacement or secondary adapter.For those frequent travelers : How many times have you checked into a hotel , and tried to find an electrical outlet near the desk or someplace you might actualy use . I travel 14 days each month and found a solution.One of the most useful tools on the road is a simple 9 ' White Extension Cord ... so many hotels have outlets behind beds and only one outlet available . Carrying an extension cord overcomes the pre-computer , pre-cell phone layout of many hotels . I carry a white extension cord not to match my Apple stuff , but so I do n't leave it behind when checking out of the hotel . The white cord is more visible compared a black or brown one.Hope my extension cord tip is useful to some of you .
 Very pleased with this product that I bought as a replacement for a worn out Apple power cable . Apple has changed their plug system with the newest machines , but for anyone out there with a Pre-Intel Mac this is a great option at half the price of Apple 's own product . Only gripe is that there is no power indicator light on the plug end , which is a feature on Apple 's stock power cord .
 This is GREAT . It works wonderfully , is sturdier than the Mac version -LRB- I think -RRB- and is totally compatible . I was skeptical , but it 's just as good!My original was busted , the rubber on the chord was split and it had gotten to the point where it was sparking . You do n't have to spend 80 dollars buying a new one!I 'm not sure if it can convert power over-seas . I know the original does , so you may want to check if you 're travelling .
 After my dog chewed thru my Apple power adapter ... grrrr ... I was searching for a replacement and came across this one . It is much better made than the Apple adapter . The design is better . . the cable is longer and the wire is thicker . This is great for reaching wall plugs that the Apple has difficulty reaching . It also costs less than half of the Apple version . One thing it does n't have . . is the glowing amber light around the input that let 's you know it is charging -LRB- Apple 's turns green when the charge is complete -RRB- but that is no problem . The sturdiness is more important to me . I highly recommend this adapter !
 After having trouble -LRB- as most people do -RRB- with my powerbook G4 cord , I gave this one a try . I have had it a couple months and it works great.At first I missed the orange and green lights that let you know if your computer is charged or being charged , but then I realized I had only looked at them so much just to see if my old cord was working . I LOVE my Macs , but Apple dropped the ball with their cords . Forget paying the big bucks for a new one from them . Buy this one , and forget about the crackling touchy Apple cord .
 I purchased this adapter because it was almost $ 50.00 cheaper than the Mac version that came with the computer . It works great and I am happy with it . I do miss the little green/orange light ring that used to come on at the plug-in source , but for the savings , I can live without it . I do have two minor complaints . One is that the plug is not a three-prong , and it actually falls out of the socket in the wall sometimes . I find that if I squeeze the prongs together , it makes a tighter connection in the socket . Maybe it 's just a problem with the socket , not the plug , although three prongs would probably solve the problem . The other complaint is that the very tiny blue light on the `` box '' part is actually very bright in a dark room . If you have the computer plugged in by your bed at night , you may wake up in the middle of the night to a dimly lit room , and it 's a bit annoying . Overall , it 's a good adapter , and I would recommend it to anyone who needs to save a few dollars .
 This charger works great and charges as well as the apple product that costs twice as much . I miss the green and orange light at the end of the plug , but this one does have a blue light indicating it is plugged in .
 My apple AC adaptor recently refused to work for my 2-year old 15 '' Aluminum 1.3 G Powerbook , which was the only problem I had on my powerbook so far . After reading a lot of negative reviews on Apple adaptor , I tried this one . I was actually in doubt when I placed the order since this charger only has 50W and is supposed to be designed for ibook or Titanium only . Now I 'm very glad to see it works
 At less than half the price of an Apple charger , Macally is a nice alternative . When my ibook charger 's cord broke , I wanted to find something more durable . I miss the little feet to wrap the cord around , but the part that connects to the ibook/powerbook is thicker than Apple 's and thus does n't need quite as much care . Macally 's charger is also white , which is a pleasant bonus , and comes with a blue light on the brick to let you know it 's charging . Here 's the basic breakdown.Macally : lightercheapermore durablesame 120/240 voltagesame length -LRB- when compared to Apple 's w / the extension plug -RRB- no feetno charging light around rim of plugno plastic cover for plug tip -LRB- though the Apple one fits on it perfectly -RRB- the connection to the brick is not as sturdy because Apple 's is built in and Macally 's is plugged in , though it 's never come out unexpectedly because the brick is so light.doesn ' t get as hot as Apple 's chargerthe wall plug is not groundedIf you need an extra or replacement charger and do n't mind the difference in design then this is a great purchase .
 The power cords for Powerbooks and IBooks , though aesthetically lovely , are prone to damage . This is a good replacement unit , although it lacks the amber/green LED charging indicator ring around the connector . Makes up for it in durability and value -LRB- less than half the cost of Apple 's - yikes ! -RRB- . I 'm using this charger with my 12 '' 867Mhz G4 with fine results .
 This adapter only puts out 48 watts and is not for Aluminum Powerbooks . I am a technically minded person and I still got duped in to buying this because it does n't say this anywhere on this page .
 I now have two of these -- one for my Aluminum Powerbook , and one for my wife 's Titanium Powerbook . They work great . The connection actually seems more solid than the one from the Apple version , and these are a heck of a lot cheaper . No , they do n't have the nice status light or the elegant industrial design . But they power the laptops reliably , which is more than I can say for the Apple adapters we have !
 Initially I was going to give this power adapter 4 stars because it lacks that charge light that the Apple adapters have , but you just ca n't beat the price . It is an ideal and inexpensive replacement or companion adapter . You could by a few of these for the cost of just one from Apple . The only thing to take notice is that it may not charge a laptop as quickly as the standard Apple power adapter because of it 's lower wattage.Pros : - Inexpensive - Inexpensive - Inexpensive - Durable - Velcro cord wrapCons : - No charge status light - Lower wattage then Apple adapter - Slightly larger then the standard Apple adapter
 pros -- CHEAP . Costs at least $ 50 less than the Apple product.-more durable than Apple . It feels like you could really smash around the AC adapter and it would still be OK . The apple one not as much . The connector to the laptop is an improvement , but is still not great.-Very light , easy to carry around.Cons -- not the nice design features of apple - the light at the tip of the cord , the exchangeable plug , the overall appearance etc. -LRB- but who cares ? -RRB- Also does n't have a three-pronged plug-Does not charge computer as fast as apple , however not significant . Due to lower wattage.-Some heat issues - the adapter seemed to be as hot as or hotter than the Apple one , and it heats my computer up more than the apple one did . I have n't seen this in other reviews though , so it may be my computer or something.In general a good product . It seems fairly well made and will probably last you longer than your apple charger . If you 're looking to replace yours , this will do the job fine , plus for $ 50 less you ca n't go wrong .
 - while lacking the green/amber light on the end of the plug , it * does * have a bright blue LED on the brick itself . the LED does n't change color according to what the powerbook is doing , it just indicates if the brick itself has power . - it produces 2 amps , rather than the 2.65 put out by apple 's . this means that while it 's ok for older ibooks and tibooks , for the new albooks it 's slower to charge the battery if the machine is on , and for some machines like the newer 17 '' , may not be able to charge the battery unless the laptop 's asleep . -LRB- this can be annoying at times , but for less than half the cost of apple 's adapter and cheaper than most other 3rd party adapters , I think it 's a fair deal -RRB- - the wire on the powerbook side twist-locks into the brick , so you ca n't yank it out accidentally . - no , the plug is n't grounded ... but then again neither is apple 's flip-out plug.overall , I think this is a pretty good deal , and might pick up another .
 Accidents will happen . $ 500 dollars later , with my 12 '' powerbook 1 GhZ -LRB- purchased October 2003 -RRB- repaired and with the internal pin shorn from inside the power connector , I started to explore alternative adapters , given that the Apple unit is around $ 80 . I bought this unit -- which I needed quickly -- with one day shipping and my total was still signifigantly less than purchasing another adapter from Apple , some $ 51 . Sure , it does n't have all the bells and whistles of the Apple unit and it is a slight bit slower to charge the laptop , but the price makes it well worth it.If you are concerned about the plug fitting your computer , I 've tested this unit out in my 12 '' PowerBook , a 14 '' Ibook , and even an older 15 '' TI Book -- it fit them all and charged them , though I do n't know how quickly it charged the 15 '' TiBook.The plug is also more reliable and sturdy . The cord is longer and less obtrusive than the mac power adapter -- if I 'd had this unit before , I do n't think I would have even had the aforementioned accident ! The Macally unit bundles nicely and fits most laptop bags well.Overall , I 'm very pleased .
 I am fairly satisfied with the MusixStation . Blue Raja 's review is a bit of a misnomer to the depth of this product . I hope I can shed a bit of light on the real aspects of the MusixStation as I did some research before I purchased.BACKGROUND
 First of all , WOW ! ... For this price you ca n't beat it ! Believe me I 've had a lot of Boomboxes and I do a lot of research online when I 'm looking for a product.I 'm a musician and drive for a living . So I know when I hear a distorted bass or a weak kick drum sound which is the most difficult to produce in a small unit . And , I know how hard it is to keep that good sound when in a vehicle or when out side . I 've had my share of `` Boomboxes '' . From $ 59 to $ 149 all bought at Wal-Mart , Bestbuys , etc. . Not one had a sub woofer.This box has amazing sound . Sound quality that you can adjust like ; separate bass and treble ... Enhanced by a real 8 watt , 4 inch woofer you can select On or Off . A Loudness button you select On or Off . Anti-skip CD play back when in vehicles , etc , works great . LCD Display ... very nice . Remote ... love it . Buttons ... nice touch and look.Basically give it the correct input of power and you 'll get all of the two 5 watt and one 8 watt sub woofer output of sound . I think it 's well made . Looks great . Size ... a bit on the big side but , I 've had all sizes . Users manual a little vague.I use a power inverter off of a 12v DC power point in my vehicle and house current at home . The 8 size D batteries are only good for short periods at low volumes.This box is power hungry . It 's only as good as the power you feed it.I will probably buy one more for home use only . I paid just under a hundred . I would recommend this product . ***** UPDATE 5/7/06 ******* I just purchased a 2nd one for around the pool , back yard , etc. and like I said before , ... for the price you can not beat it ! This time I took amazon up on their offer with there visa card promo and free shipping and payed $ 74.99 total !!! You tell me where you can get this kind of sound for that kind of price . do n't forget it works best off of house current and it 's just a bit weak on tuning in local radio stations but it could be just my location.All in all , ... this thing has great sound . Beats anything you can find at your local big box piggly wiggly store , ... hands down !!!
 This seems to be a pure mistake on Amazon 's description . No other website that advertises this product says there 's a USB port . There 's just an AUX in jack that you could hook up your laptop , MP3 players , what-not . This was a major disappointment for me ... Sound Quality
 You all it works and 1 day I will get a antenna replacement for it . Yes , I can get the manuel on-line for free . I took Internet class at NOVA and I 'm good at getting all of the manuels on-line for free . No , you do n't half to buy the manuel . It 's 100 % free ! I made a -LRB- n -RRB- A in the Internet class at NOVA and I wanted to share this product with all of you !!!
 I decided I needed a new TV for my room after purchasing a PS3 . I moved my old Sony Trinitron into my mom 's room and after months of painstaking research I purchased the LNS3296D . IT IS THE BEST 32 '' TV $ $ CAN BUY !! Picture Quality is SUPERB , I can see the nose hairs and pores on everyone !! Every review I 've read has everyone complaining about the sound but I did n't have any problem with it so those reviewers must have gone to one too many Rock Concerts . Getting an audio system with some good bass and depth would probably be good if you want to have the whole movie-theater-set-up experience . I have 10 Blu-ray movies and they are all jaw-dropping , mouth-drooling to watch on my new TV . I live in the center of Manhattan near Lincoln Center in NYC and recently purchased a silver Zenith HDTV indoor antenna to receive HD channels . Perhaps it 's the fact that I am in a high rise building with a lot of other buildings surrounding me , but some of the channels do n't seem to be too clear , however , the HD channels that do work are awesome !!! P.S. . The shiny ebony outer frame of the TV is a fingerprint smudge magnet and it 's hard to wipe off so when you get your new TV , please put on gloves , that 's what I do now . Other than that , sit back ... relax , and enjoy the ride .
 We have had this tv for a little over three months and my wife and myself absolutely love it . Bright crystal clear picture and great looks , and best of all a great price from Amazon . Plenty of inputs . Standard cable looks great and hd programming is stunning as well as DVD 's . I also purchased calibration software , but found that I really did n't need it . My settings were very close to the factory settings . We view in movie mode with the energy settings for the back light on low . I would recommend this tv to anyone looking for a quality set with an amazing picture . Sound is through a Sony 7.1 receiver with Polk Rt 's and Infinity SM speakers , and a 100 watt powered sub , so I can not give an opinion on the sound quality . When it comes to LCD 's you get what you pay for , plus Consumer Reports rates this tv in first place as of FEB 07Paul S
 I have owned this TV for almost three months now and I am still wowed by its fantastic image . I am quite picky about my electronics and this is the third HDTV I 've had in my home . I 've returned both a Samsung 50 '' DLP and a competitor 's 42 '' LCD . Honestly , before I bought this model , I was scared I 'd never find a TV that lived up to my quality standards . I took a gamble on this Samsung when I saw its price had dropped . Am I happy I made that purchase now!I 'm an avid gamer , so response time and lag-free scan conversion were high on my list of wants . Quite simply , Gears of War looks unbelievable at 720p . I was hesitant of upgrading to HD because of concerns over losing the ability to play older games . You will want to make sure your consoles can output over component video -LRB- even 480i is fine , of course -RRB- or that you have some means of up-converting older inputs -LRB- my Sony stereo does a pretty poor job of this -RRB- . But since the PS2 can render PS1 games -LRB- Final Fantasy IX never looked so good -RRB- and the Wii supports progressive scan GameCube games -LRB- mmm , Super Smash Bros. . Melee at 480p -RRB- this has ceased to be a problem.I wo n't say that standard definition video looks good . I 've heard that this TV is rated the highest among 32 '' TVs for SD video , but who buys an HDTV for SD television channels ? I will say that 24 looks better in 1080i than my DVDs look at 480p . Watch the opening to House and you will become a believer . I also ca n't speak to this TV 's 10W speakers . If you have the funds for this LCD TV , you already have a nice receiver and surround sound -LRB- or top-end two-channel speakers -RRB- . I have n't had audio running to my TV in years . This Samsung does have a nice option for a hardware mute , so my TV speakers have never even been used . But I do n't know , maybe this is a bedroom TV for you ; it 's not like any of its competitors have seriously better offerings for audio either.So , yes , this 32 '' LCD has a price that competes with some 40 '' LCDs . But for good reason ; this is the best of the best when it comes to 32 '' TVs . And any 40 '' below $ 1500 is n't worth your money . I 'm a hard sell and I have fallen in love with this TV and would recommend it without hesitation . Great job , Samsung .
 I received this LCD for Christmas and it is awesome , the picture detail is amazing , and HD programming looks great . The speakers are so-so , but thats what surround sound is for . Absolutely no ghosting in video games , and xbox 360 looks downright amazing on this TV . If you buy this LCD you will not be disappointed .
 I 've had this TV for about a month now . If I did n't already have a Samsung DLP , I likely would have given this a higher rating . The picture is very good , but I agree that the sound is a little weak . I upgraded the sound with a Bose two speaker system and am happier with the package.I would say that I like my DLP better . I think the DLP has a much better HD picture and the hook-ups for the DLP were much better.I would say that this TV makes a great 2nd HD TV , especially if you are working with a small space to place the screen ; however , for the money , I would buy a Samsung DLP for a primary TV and movie watching .
 I was a sony fanboy before I investigated samsungs new lcds . I think that this LCD is top notch and compares well with the Bravia series of sony . SD picture ranges from very good to average . Where this TV shines is on HD broadcasts and gaming were the picture is nearly perfect , provided you tweak the settings -LRB- turn on energy savings , etc -RRB- . Sound quality is average at best -LRB- 10w after all -RRB- . I would reccomend connecting a receiver . I gave this TV a five simply because the HiDef quality , good contrast and ample settings make the image beyond reproach . Unless your going to use this for SD broadcasts you cant go wrong .
 Great video product . Very clear picture and easy enough to install . But the sound through the speakers is weak and sometimes needs the boost of a receiver/amplifier and external speakers to enjoy the video . Children in the 19th century were supposed to be `` seen and not heard '' . Surely that should not apply to 21st century electronics .
 Great set of walkie talkies - worked fine with my older set . Do n't know that the rechargable batteries will be better than conventional batteries , but now have that option with this radio and charger .
 First off , for those that claim it does not work in 1080i , 1080p , you need to set BOTH units to the proper configuration . These cables DO NOT AUTOMATICALLY do it for you . No HDMI cables on the market can do that . In many tv 's and dvd players , the HighDefinition mode must be set manually and even when that 's done , the highest setting can only be achieved if both of the units support that resolution . For example , my Samsung player defaults to 720p , I have to hold down a button on the remote for it to change to 1080i . Go to Crutchfiled.com for more details , they have a great article on HDMI.I agree like most people here this cable is the real deal . It 's hard to believe it 's selling for single digit dollars while simliar cables at the retail stores are asking for $ 40 - $ 120 each.As there are several vendors selling this product , I 'm reviewing the one from ClearAV . I bought 3 of them for less than $ 25 shipped . The cables that came from ClearAV are apparently made by Inspire as it 's stamped on the connector . Cables are all black except where the Inspire logo is -LRB- blue-green -RRB- . It 's flexible as any normal cable . I 've read where some cables are too stiff.Connection tests : I have a brand new Samsung 4665 Full HD 1080p 1920x1080 tv . I connected the HDMI cable to the Sony Playstation 3 , they both automatically detected the capabilities of each unit and saw that it was set to 1080p mode . Blu-ray movies were excellent . DVD movies were automatically upscaled to 1080p when I put in an older movie of Saving Private Ryan and the newest Live Free or Die Hard . Audio was transmitted correctly as the TV detected the presence Dolby Digital signal.Second test was with the same TV , but with a different player , a Samsung DVD 1080i player . Connected a 2nd cable to it and the TV automatically detected 1080i . Audio was streamed over correctly as the display screen on the DVD player showed Dolby Digital 5.1 . Sound was just like it was before when I used an optical cable . Of course now , the optical cable is no longer needed because of the HDMI cable.With the successful results of the video and audio tests , I can conclude that all digital video and audio signals were apparently streamed over successfully . They appear to meet the HDMI 1.3 specs . I would ABSOLUTELY buy 3 or 10 more of these when I get more HDMI components . What a DEAL !
 I was at first concerned that a cable that cost so little -LRB- and probably what it should actually cost -RRB- may have some issues with quality . Be cautious of who you buy your cables from . I specifically bought these `` inspire '' HDMI cables from Clear AV for their quality . People have had alot of complaints over cheap HDMI cables not performing well with their Playstation 3 in full 1080p . This is not true with these cables . They perform just as well as the Monster cables some pay $ 50-100 or more for.I have noticed alot of confusion on how the HDMI cables are listed between all the various Amazon stores . Just makes sure you are buying them from Clear AV . You wont be disappointed and the customer service is great , which to me is more important than the products I buy.JUST GIVE THEM A TRY !!! These cables meet the latest standards in data transfer rates.Cables are pretty much cables but when it comes to HDTV/HDMI quality cables you need to make sure they are quality manufactured . Especialy since HDMI cables have specifications they need to meet . -LRB- Such as 5GHz and later technologies will need 1.3 B Certified cables which these could very well be . HDMI is a later design of it 's sister cable DVI ; which was bulkier so you could n't do in-wall installs , did n't carry HD audio , and a few other areas -RRB-
 After reading the reviews on this cable I went ahead and bought it . I though for only 5 bucks I can just trash it if it doesnt work . But I was wrong this HDMI cable made my PS3 experiance in 1080p possible . You will notice the difference as soon as you plug the cable up . On the PS3 you must restart the system and the PS3 will ask you if you want full optimal performance with a HDMI connection . I cant believe I almost bought the 60 dollar cable from sony , this cable is highly recommended with an blu-ray or ps3 system on a 1080p television . There is no point in having a ps3 and a hdtv without this cable .
 Works as advertised , full 1080p playback with new artefacts or issues . Not really much more to say then it does the jobe and is worth the incredibly cheap price for a full HD cable .
 We needed an HDMI cable to hook my son 's PS3 to my 55 '' Samusng TV . This cable is an amazingly inexpenive way to connect HDMI devices . Why spend more ? My son really likes it and it did n't cost me the big bucks like other cables .
 ... but did you also know you need it ? Why ? Because on a top end machine the following games have settings that go way past the limitations of even this card - Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004 , Doom 3 , FarCry and the soon to be released Half-Life 2 . These are all new engines that will drive the games of tomorrow , meaning that I will probably be trading this one in for Xmas 2005 when the 512 line should make its mark . Anyway how does this card pan out?First of all it is a nightmare if you setup your card on a television and then forget to change it back for use with a monitor . So learn a lesson well about these monitor/television compatible cards . Make sure to change the Display Properties to whichever type you are using next because if you do n't then you will not see anything and thus can not change it back . Next you need to know that these cards are top of line and make quite a great deal of noise . We are talking about listening to something like a 50cfm fan in your box doing the rounds . You are probably going to want to run your box cooler with these types of high-end chipsets running to get the most out of them so go searching on the net for a good environmental setup.All these new series of graphics card come with DirectX 9.0 c or higher but the real key to unlock this God is with the new ATI range of drivers that enhance and accelerate the visual experience - CATALYST -LRB- Basically complete Real-time 3D immersive game play * -RRB- . The four games for this card I have already mentioned -LRB- Playing it with Counter-Strike
 Due to the recently released Doom 3 and the upcoming Everquest 2 , I bought this card for my latest computer build.Backed with 1GB PC3200 RAM and an Athlon 64 3200 + processor , this card rips though Doom 3 with all the effects on at 1024x768 . THE MOST IMPORTANT THING THE BUYER NEEDS TO KNOW is that you should download and use the OMEGA DRIVERS in place of the Catalyst drivers that ATI gives you with the card -LRB- you 'll need to search for them on Google , as I do n't believe Amazon will allow me to post a direct link -RRB- . It will save you a LOT of trouble , especially if you 're planning on playing games.The Omega Drivers also add a bunch of useful tweaks that can enhance your video card . For example , RadLinker , which you can access by right clicking your desktop , going to properties &#62; settings &#62; advanced &#62; RadLinker , allows you to overclock your card with a simple slide bar . However , this card is functioning too well at it 's current speed for me to risk anything/void the warranty , so I 've left mine the way it is .
 having gone through a nightmare with an aiw 9800 pro -LRB- read my review on it , and you 'll understand -RRB- , i decided to take my refund and get a radeon 9800 pro 256mb for two reasons . one , i could n't find any retailers with the x800 in stock , and two , brand loyalty . anyway , you can turn up the graphics on any of the recent 3d games and not have graphics-related issues . it 's not as fast as the newest cards on the market nor is it as functional as the aiw 9800 , and it 's definitely not cheap . but if you can afford it , it 's definitely worth it .
 This leather cover provides a professional finish for the hand held computer . A yuppie must-have accessory .
 Thank goodness I got this - now I do n't have to worry about losing access to my contacts when I need them .
 I orderd this tripod instead of the taller ones as the 57 '' height has proven to cover most , if not all , of the situations I would need it for . This tripod covers two of the most important characteristics of a good support , as it is very stable and solidly built , and it is also lightweight and easy to carry . The included carrying case also has a shoulder strap to make it even easier to haul.The big feature of the Sony tripods which separates it from the generics pieces , are the controls built into the handle of the head . They include play , stop , record , zoom-in , zoom-out , and take a still picture . Having the controls right at your fingertips on the handle makes it infinitely easier to control the camera and still keep a very stable shot with no jitter . I can rotate the camera , and zoom in and out , without any visible motion whatsoever . Sony 's innovations and equipment integration is almost always worth the extra cost , and this tripod is no exception . I highly recommend this as the best tripod for any Sony prosumer video cameras .
 The tripod is well built . Each leg has 4 sections , not 3 . This tends to help with strength and stability . The controls on the handle make capturing video very easy . It is not a professional tripod built for 40-pound cameras , but it will very easily handle any Sony consumer video camera . The only minor drawback is that the speed of the zoom through the handle can be a little tricky to manage . However , if your are tired of the cheesey cheap tripods that sell for $ 30 - $ 40 , spend the money on this one . It is well worth it .
 I purchased this tripod at Circuit City . When I got home , I decided to check the price here at Amazon.com and found it to be a total of 38.18 cheaper than Circuit City . I had already hooked up both my DSC-F828 still cam and my DCR-HC20 to it , and it worked like a charm . So I packed it back in the box and returned it ... got home and ordered it from Amazon . I have yet to receive the product , but I already know I like it . Also love the shoulder strap and the fact that the tripod does n't feel like it 's going to fall over under the weight of my F828 .
 I bought this tripod for video tapping an upcomming family wedding and have tried it a couple of times to get used to it . I like the the smooth operation of the controls on the handle . The panning operation is likewise acceptable . The telescopic locking legs work well , but are light weight and can rock a little during panning . The lightness is also a plus because it collapses into a small over the shoulder bag for easy toteing . One hand on the tripod for stabilization and one on the control handle during panning works well .
 I recently used this tripod on a road trip to Yosemite . WOW ! what a world of difference on my video quality . I tried other high quality tripods that I already had , however having the controls on the handle , make all the difference in the world.This tripod folds up in a snap ! I then sling it with camera attached over my shoulder and walk to my next shoot.It is great to that you can turn off the power off to the camera , zoom , pan , record and even take stills during video taping , all without taking your hand off the tripod 's handle.I am using this tripod with a Sony HDR-HC7 High Def camcorder .
 Although I have not used this tripod for a serious recording with my old digital video camera , this tripod is not difficult to connect into my digital handycam . I tried it once after Christmas and it was so easy . I should have bought this long time ago . I got this tripod as one of my Christmas presents .
 This is an excellent tripod for Sony Video Camera . I am using this with my Sony Camcorder and remote is working pretty good . Its legs are strong . I am using the same with my Nikon D50 -LRB- remote is not usable -RRB- . And I am satisfied with the performance . only one issue is the base where you attach camera is plastic . So sometimes I am not comfortable with my DSLR with its zoom lens
 This is a very nice tripod , is strong , elegant and cool , I love it , but the only trouble that I find it , it is that this cool gadget does not have a detail list of compatible sony cameras , I mean I am an owner of 2 sony cybershot camera ` s , the W80 and H2 and I am not able to use the remote control with my cameras , only because Sony do not give us that information
 This tripod is smooth . I know its not a professional tripod , but it is silent . I had other tripods that I purchased from Samsonite . Out of the box , they needed WD-40 . This tripod is lightweight . At times it seems a little too flimsy , but it hold my Sony HDR-FX1 and my Canon XH-A1 prosumer camcoders.I had a special training I needed to record and place on DVD . Because of the squeaking of the cheaper tripods , I could hear EVERY move I made with that tripod . This is what prompted me to purchase this one.Others said that this tripod only works with Sony -LRB- as what Sony 's website also says -RRB- , but I found that to be false because it works my Canon very well ... from the power to the zoom and record , it has no problems . Also , not having to even touch the camcorder cuts down on shifting and movement of the camcorder . I am going to buy another because I am pleased with the performance .
 This product deserves a 5 star review . The tripod itself is very sturdy , supports a wide range of heights -LRB- including its lowest height which works nicely for macro shots -RRB- , and it is light and compact -LRB- which makes it great for travel -RRB- . Top that off with a great price , and you 've got a great tripod . Here 's why I gave it 4 stars : The product 's accessory list is categorized incorrectly on Sony 's website . If you look up the Cybershot DSC-N2 , and click on it 's supported accessory list , the VCT-D680RM Remote Control Tripod is listed -LRB- currently , as of writing this review -RRB- . Furthermore , if you open Sony 's description for the VCT-D680RM Remote Control Tripod , it directly lists the DSC-N2 as compatible.Note that the DSC-N2 is only HALF compatible . It will fit just fine on the tripod itself , but it will NOT work with the remote control features . The DSC-N2 does n't have an ACC jack , which is necessary to make use of the tripod 's remote control features on a digital camera . I 've called up Sony and discussed the problem , and they agree that the product is mislabeled . They 've been very helpful as far as customer service goes , considering the fact that I did n't purchase the tripod directly from them . They even offered a full refund on the product directly from them . Hopefully they 'll update their website soon so this does n't confuse anyone else.This is why I 'm giving the tripod a 4 star review . The tripod itself is great , but the documentation is incorrect . On that note , this is still an excellent choice for a tripod . If you 're willing to spend more money , you can upgrade to the VCT-1500L tripod , which will give you an extra 2 inches on the high and low end of the tripod , but I found that the VCT-D680RM gives me plenty of flexibility and travel accessibility , and saved me some money . Even without the use of the VCT-D680RM 's remote control features , it 's still an excellent tripod , especially at Amazon 's price .
 Great tripod from Sony . Remote control in handle works great , very sophisticated yet simple . I had a Vivitar tripod but it is not worthy and decided to stick to Sony -LRB- I own a TRV-70 Sony camcorder and I am buying a Sony digital camera Cybershot DSCH1 also from Amazon -RRB- . When I received the box , it had an oppening , you could stick your hand inside ! But I was glad that Amazon warns you in respect
 im glad i bought this item i could have use this years ago as i love to take pictures and video my kids sports.Darrin & Jackie
 I 've had this for years ; it 's light-weight and very nice . Compatible with my Sony very well .
 Three-section legs give good range adjustment and yet compact storage.Metal legs and adjustment clamps work good . Leveling bubble is somewhat helpful . The remote control handle work good with Sony products . The camera shoe is secure and tight . Panning with this tripod is a bit jerky and may not be appropriate for great video panning . Elevator mechanism is also jerky . Very good tripod for the money .
 I used this for taping while we were opening gifts for christmas . The remote features are great . This product makes video recording easy and fun .
 A perfect accessory to a Sony camcorder . The control handle makes it easy to shoot without having to rely on the small control buttons on the camcorder itself . It is worth the buy .
 I found this tripod on Sony 's website , but was a bit put off by the price , both there , and at Circuit City . I was thrilled to find it for much less at Amazon !!! The tripod itself is super ... we mostly shoot video of our baby at home , so we do n't need anything too sophisticated . We love the controls on the arm of the tripod , and the bubble-level thing is a good feature to have.Highly recommend .
 This tripod is simply amazing . It is light-weighted enough -LRB- 1.3 kg or 2 lbs & 14 oz -RRB- that you would not feel burdened at all when you take it out for a hiking . Moreover , it works on other types of cameras instead of limiting it on Sony 's products exclusively . I tried my 5 years old Olympus 2020 digital camera and it stayed there rock-solid . Keep in mind , however , that the attached remote only works with Sony-branded cameras/camcorders since the remote requires you to plug a cable into the equipment that you intend to use . I also try my newly bought Sony Camcorder Mini-DV DCR-HC42 and it worked flawlessly . The included air bubble was an ingenious device in that it allows you to see whether the tripod is level with respect to the floor . Thus , even if the floor is uneven , you can always find the best balanced spot by looking at the air bubble that 's directly beneath the tripod 's center leg . Like another reviewer said , this tripod gives the user almost unlimited control in that you can rotate it any angle you want , and with a range between 19 - 57 inches -LRB- or 48 -145 cm -RRB- , it can almost satisfy any kind of everyday use . Finally , it was great to buy from Amazon because most people on ebay is selling roughly the same price , minus the great return policy from Amazon.I would absolutely recommend this tripod to anyone who needs it for any purpose .
 We keep all our SONY 's on one of these . We use them in our Digital Filmmaking workshops and our students love them . We paid $ 150 a couple of years ago . For the pro-sumer , this is a great buy .
 I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE SONY VCT680RM TRIPOD IT IS A JOY TO USE AND THE PRICE IS AFFORDABLE .
 This is a great product for the price ! I have had this monitor now for 7 months and no problems . The only reason I have not given it 5 stars was the blue LED power light on the front is rather blinding but this is not a major problem . My solution to this was to cover it with a piece of electrical tape with a small pinhole poked in it . This allows you to still see the power light with no annoying brightness .
 This monitor is great . The service I got when I order was fast and great . I would order again .
 Pros pay $ 600 and more -LRB- even much more -RRB- for tripod legs and head.The two main problems with cheaper tripods are lack of stability in the legs and `` stiction '' in the head movement . The lack of stability comes from lightweight , bendable legs . If you bump the tripod with your knee , or grab the handle without care , you 'll see shake in the video . `` Stiction '' is the tendency of of the materials in the head to bind together slightly when left in a position for a few moments . The result is a visible jerk in the video when you start a pan or tilt movement . True fluid heads have a viscous fluid between the solid parts to provide smooth drag without binding.With the VCT-870RM Sony has somehow managed to produce an inexpensive tripod that does n't stick . My pans and tilts are as smooth with it as they are with my 40 pound Bogen-Manfrotto legs and head.There is no getting around the fact that although well-built , the legs are lightweight . Therefore I have to take extra care to grasp the handle gently , and not to bump the tripod . But this is not hard , and it 's worth it . It is so much easier to carry around the VCT-870RM than my pro tripod that it is almost always the one I grab when I 'm going out for a single camera shoot . And I use it with expensive cameras -- a Canon GL2 or a Sony VX2100.The controller on the handle is a totally unique and great extra . Being able to control the zoom from the handle gives much better results with much more comfort than reaching over with the other hand for the on-camera control . There is also a record/pause switch , a power standby switch and a still photo button . It plugs into the LANC control port on the camera . As mentioned above , Sony and Canon both operate according to the LANC standard , but Panasonic does not . I do n't know about JVC.With the crank-controlled vertical column the tripod is able to attain more than enough height . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and I only crank it up very little.I like it so much that I also bought one for my school 's video club , and anticipate buying another . Highly recommended .
 Tripod is stable . It has strong locking mechanism on the legs . Pan and tilt is very adjustable for smooth movement . Locking mechanism for camera -LRB- Sony 403 -RRB- is easy to connect and engage . Remote control functions and handle are easy to operate and worked with no problems .
 I was a bit tenative about writing this review lest the world know our secret - and then they 'd all have one too . We were looking for something to put under our PD170 and stumbled upon this beauty.The construction quality is solid and as a unit the tripod is stable . The fluid head panning is just about as good I could expect . Smooth and steady . The tripod shoe is nice and has a cork pad to protect the bottom of your camera.The tripod would be a good buy for just its basic features , but what sets it apart is the LANC remote control built into the handle . Its great . LANC -LRB- or Control-L -RRB- compatable cameras are made by Sony -LRB- this is a Sony product -RRB- and Canon and some others.On the handle you have a On/Standy switch , a Record button , a Photo button , and a Zoom rocker . For the stuff we 've done so far its super . I can keep my hands on the handle get the shots I want.The remote control makes the makes using the camcorder on the tripod a slick experience.The only thing that would make this a better deal is if they added a Focus Control to the remote . As far as usage - the only other issue is it took a while to get a feel for how much to tighten the tilt knob to lock it down - i did n't want to over-torque it and break something and did n't want the camera slowly moving either - but once you get the feel its fine.This tripod is a good buy . But do n't feel like you have to run out and get one . We like being the only cool and geeky ones .
 Easily the best tripod I 've ever owned , including some considerably more expensive ones . The only problem was with the remote . You must turn on the video camera before connecting . When the camera turns off automatically , disconnect the wire , turn on the camera , plug the remote back in . What a pain .
 It 's a great tripod with the features . Very stable but a little heavy compare to others . If you need to carry it a lot on the move , you 'll have to deal with the weight issue . To be stable , it probably needs to be a little heavy .
 For it 's price , which i in the mid-consumer range , and well below the pro range , it 's a very nice little tripod.The legs lock firmly and are easy to latch and unlatch , the leg brace is at the bottom of the first set of leg tubes , which puts it off the ground even at the lowest height , overall manufacturing quality is very good -- including the carrying case which is tough enough to last a while , unlike most such bags included with consumer equipment . It 's a mid-weight nylon canvas with a self-repairing plastic zipper.I 'm shooting with a moderately heavy camera -LRB- VX1000 -RRB- at 4 + # additions for a total weight of around 6-7 #It is a LIGHT tripod . With the tripod fully extended it has a tendency to wobble a bit under the weight of my gear . Weighting this one in windy conditions or when shooting fully extended -LRB- especially with telephoto , -RRB- is a necessity.As others have noted , the zoom control moves the reverse of most camera zooms which is a pain to get used to , but can be gotten used too . -LRB- Hey LANC controls generally cost more than this tripod with it 's controls ! -RRB- If it continues to bother me , I may disassemble and reverse the control.With a lighter 1-2 # consumer camera it is a VERY nice tripod , with less weight on top it is extremely stable.The carrying bag is very nice bonus . It 's deigned to slip over your head and arm and run across your back -- I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and have no trouble with it binding , and it is light enough to be barely noticeable . Very nice if you 're traveling.As a consumer tripod its an excellent choice esp . if you are shooting with one of the newer small cameras , The LANC control helps stop a lot of camera wiggle and makes for smooth combination pan/tilt / zoom operations.The fluid head is of very good quality for the price , and has a nice range of adjustable drag.For heavier gear it needs added bottom weights outside , but works pretty well indoors.Besides the backwards zoom my only trouble has been that I accidentally hit the on/off button a lot -- but that 's mostly due to my height which tends to make me grip the handle in a choke grip.The LANC control should also be improved had they made the I/O a standard LANC plug rather than the molded relief permanent cable -- it 's too easy to forget to disconnect the cable when removing the gear , and I have some concerns about the longevity of that built in cable.THe LANC control handle is removable which opens up the possibility of using it from some distance away from the camera -LRB- I have a 20 ' LANC extension cable for use when the camera is mounted outside a vehicleI 've shot about 7 hours of a documentary with it to date , and it has performed very well.I recommend it for consumer lightweights and reservedly recommend it for heavier prosumer cameras . You 're not going to want to put a camera , lights , additional mic , transmitters and sound mixer on the head , but it does perform very nicely as a camera & mic support .
 I tried about 5 other tripods for my Sony HDR-FX1 video camera before purchasing this one . All the others had an issue with jerky motion when panning after the camera had been sitting still for a moment . With the others , there was always a slight jolt as you began to pan , which would ruin many shots . This Sony VCT870RM is the closest thing to a true fluid motion as is possible in a very affordable tripod . Having the remote operation on the tripod handle has made shooting much easier and provides better results because there is no awkwardness when trying to zoom and pan at the same time.True one handed operation of the camera . For being a lightweight tripod it is also very stable and it comes with a handy carry bag . It is well worth the price . I would recommend this tripod to anyone .
 The Sony VCT-870 is the tripod I bought . I think the LANC will also work with Cannon cameras.I like the fluid-ness of the head as there appears to be very little static friction . The pan and tilt are both smooth . The tripod legs are heavier and sturdier than the most expensive tripod I have seen in the electronic box stores or pro photo stores . I have been looking to buy a tripod for 2-3 years now and have not seen a pro-sumer version that I thought would be good enough for video . The legs are double extension with a flip-over friction clamps for quick setup and leveling . There is a built in bubble level at the apex of the legs . The center column extends up like most tripods out there . With everything extended I still get good enough stability . I am 6 ' 6 '' tall and it extends tall enough for me . The removable mounting plate has no slop in it . The mounting plate lever clamp is spring loaded closed but has an automatic trigger pin that keeps it open until the plate is inserted.With that said , I noticed several review saying the PAN function was too stiff . I agree that it is too stiff . If the tripod is just sitting on the ground , panning will cause the tripod to flex and wants to tip a little . There is no static friction , just high drag friction -LRB- this is of course with the drag control backed out -RRB- . The TILT can have close to no drag at all which makes for difficult pan/tilt movements since the forces are different for each direction . I did notice that when the tripod warmed up in the sun for a while , the pan drag eased up a bit.The `` work around '' for this dissimilarity of drag is to add enough tilt drag to equal the pan drag . The drag control adjustment is very accurate and does not stick , bind or jump like the cheaper ones sold at electronic box stores . When I shoot a football game , if I securely strap the tripod to a handrail , the pan drag is not an issue at all since the drag will add stability to the shot . If the tripod is free standing , I grab the neck of the tripod with my left hand and the handle with my right hand . My left hand will add the needed stability to counter act the flexing or drag of the tripod while my right hand aims the shot . This provides more than acceptable results for shooting football plays since the action is fast and last for only 20-30 seconds at a time . If I were to shoot a theatrical event or a long slow shot , I think the panning might be more of an issue if you could not securely strap the camera down . It would be harder to steady the free standing tripod without adding a little occasional hand movement.The main reason I purchased this model was because of the LANC controller built into the handle . This controller is a TRUE variable speed zoom controller . A lot of the after market `` clamp on '' controllers have a zoom in/out toggle switch with a separate variable speed knob . This would be almost impossible to shoot a variable speed zoom in , stop , then zoom out as it would take juggling two controls with one hand . I have only used four of the functions - Power ON , Record Start/Stop , Zoom IN , and Zoom Out . The Zoom function is reversed from what you would intuitively think . To `` push in '' or zoom in you pull back on the controller . To `` pull back '' or zoom out you push the controller forward . After a short time of working with the controller you start to sub-consciously zoom correctly without having to think about it . The complete handle is easily removable and can mount on the left or right side of the tripod head . The controller/handle could be used to zoom or start/stop a remotely mounted camera such as a steady-cam or boom type operation with only a LANC extension cable.It was my intention to reverse the zoom pot to make it function the intuitive way . The pot is custom made with a flexible plastic multi-conductor cable . The pot can not be mounted backwards as it is built with a one-way snap in design . The three conductor plastic cable terminates with a four conductor end that plugs into an edge connector . You can not simply flip the cable over as the active three conductors will be offset and the conductive side would be opposite the contacts . The last possibility is cutting the circuit board and swapping the two outer leads . I have no problem with doing this as I used to modify circuit boards all the time in a previous job . The problem is that one of the outer conductors continues to other parts of the board and can not easily be bypassed . I gave up and decided to learn how to use it backwards . It did not take as long to get used to it as I thought it would.I would buy this tripod again if I ever needed another one . I would be willing to pay up to $ 200 for it as I see it as being a good $ 100 tripod with a good $ 100 LANC controller.The ONLY reason I did not rate it 5 stars is because the legs could still be a little stronger to counter act the pan drag . I would only rate something 5 stars if there were no room for improvement . I think it is a good compromise and good value . I give the value aspect 5 stars .
 The good : * Incredible value - a great tripod for the money * Solid construction . I do n't have to baby it . * Head is marked in 10 degree increments making 360 degree stitch shots -LRB- for Quicktime 3d , etc -RRB- . a snap -LRB- assuming your optics are centered -RRB- . The not-so-good : * Some backspin at the end of pans , especially slow pans * The remote zoom in-out control on the handle seems backwards to me -LRB- push forward to zoom out . -RRB- * I miss the ability to quickly adjust side-to-side tilt from my el-cheapo unit.The verbose : This tripod is a fantastic value . When I first got my Sony HDR-HC1 camcorder , I needed an ultra-portable tripod for a trip to Asia . The one I picked up was about $ 40 and pretty wobbly , but it fit in my backpack and was suitable for static shots and very basic movements.Recently , however , I was asked by a client to do a quickie promotional video -LRB- my first time `` doing it all '' from concept to shooting to editing -RRB- . After reviewing the results of my first day of shooting -LRB- mostly buildings and equipment shots -RRB- , the limitations of my budget tripod were all too apparent . Pans were jerky , and camera shake was really bad , particularly at the beginning and end of shots as I started and stopped tape . That afternoon I ordered the VCT870RM for next day delivery.My next shoot was a night-and-day difference ! The head provides very smooth vertical and horizontal pans . The tripod feels solidly built , has enough mass to be stable , but is n't too heavy to carry -LRB- I even got a low-end steadycam shot with it -RRB- , and the integrated controls make life much better if your camera supports the LANC standard . I was able to get some great shots that utilized pan , tilt , and zoom all at once , and without any shaking.The only negatives I 've found include a tendency for it to make a slight move in the reverse direction at the end of slow pans . I worked around this by holding a little pressure on the handle and making the end of the shot a little longer . Additionally , the remote zoom control on the handle seems backwards to me . You push forward to zoom out and backward to zoom in . I still have n't gotten used to that.In the `` things to be aware of '' category , this is n't an overly large tripod -LRB- though it can get the camera around 6 ' off the ground -RRB- , but it is n't super small either . It comes with a fairly nice , unpadded carrying case with strap , but you 're not going to be fitting it into your backpack between shots . It also does n't have a side-to-side tilt , which my cheapo tripod did . I 'd rather have to adjust the legs more often and get great image stability , however , than to have side-tilt and shakes.I definitely recommend this tripod for people new to video -LRB- and maybe even as a 2nd/3rd budget unit for pros -RRB- - it 's amazing how much you can improve the quality of your shots for just a little more money . If I could give 4.5 stars I would -LRB- 1/2 star deduction for the pan backspin -RRB- . I 'm extremely happy with this purchase and would get another one if it were stolen -LRB- or if I started doing two-camera shoots -RRB- . I also have a suspicion that I wo n't be able to go back to a non-controller tripod anytime soon!For comparison : As I said , I 'm a newcomer to video and do n't have direct experience with more high-end tripods . The other models I looked at included the Sony VCT1170RM -LRB- $ 365 -RRB- and a few different Bogen models . I did n't see an overwhelming reason to spend an additional $ 245 on the 1170 , especially given the low weight of my camera , and I could n't find an affordable Bogen that also had an integrated remote control interface . If you do go this route , Sony 's RMVD1 add-on controller will run you about $ 35 . I prefer having an integrated unit , however , as the controls are bigger , easier to use , and it 's one less thing to lose .
 I purchased the VCT870RM after reading it was as good as a professional bogen of which I have five.It is n't , not even close , but it is a good tripod for the price , weight and size considerations and the built in lanc control is very nice.The tripod easily collapses to a nice compact size with flip locks -LRB- I like those far better than friction turns -RRB- and is very , very light.The lightness works against the tripod in regards to unwanted accidental motion , but is great for travel and moving around and this is an acceptable compromise in my opinion for many situations.I really like the built in lanc remote control -LRB- far less clumsy than add ons which I also own -RRB- with which you can turn the cam power on and off as well as the record -LRB- and photo -RRB- on and off , but most importantly it gives you a very controllable variable power zoom that allows you a slower zoom than you can manage with many of the newer Sony cam 's on cam zoom controls.The mounting plate is large and solid and the built in turn key is far handier than those that require a screwdriver or even the bogen 's turn knob style.The tilts and pans , while not as fluid or controlled as the bogens is completely acceptable.There is one negative , there is a slight resistance to any beginning tilt move -LRB- both up and down -RRB- which resolves itself at your end motion with a `` resetting '' just a tad back in the direction you started in.While you can account for this in your tilt motion to end where you want you can not avoid the `` back off '' movement short of maintaining a manual rock steady -LRB- not easy to do -RRB- end pressure.This is disappointing as it makes the tripod less than ideal in situations where precise movement is desired often or continously.Considering this entire tripod costs significantly less than an add on lanc remote controller alone it is a very great value within it 's limitations.For on the go I will use this tripod often , for critical movement jobs the bogens will remain the tool of choice .
 When I purchased this tripod , my husband thought it was just another tripod . After he used it the first time , he guards this tripod with his life . He LOVE this tripod ! The tripod is like a magnet because it always brings questions and people to the tripod . We have the Sony DCR-DVD505 and the remote on the handle of the tripod works GREAT with our camera . The height adjustment and everything was made perfect ! We are not disappointed !
 I have 3 tripods price range from $ 40.00 to $ 80.00 . They make noises when I turn any directions . But this one turns smooth without making a any sequaking noises . I could n't believe when my wife liked it . That 's A + .
 I have purchased and used the Sony VCT870RM Tripod side-by-side with professional tripods for projects in Video Production Technology II , and its performance is equal to the professional tripods . The only difference is that professional tripods are much heavier . Still , this tripod is stable even in windy conditions , which makes it my favorite tripod to carry with me for projects away from the studio . Actually , I find myself using this tripod more than any of the more hi-end professional tripods in our studio . Panning and tilt are fluid , set up is quick and easy , and the quick release attachment makes it fast and simple to transfer my video camera on and off the tripod . The remote handle is ideal because it eliminates the need to touch the camera , which prevents camera-shake caused by having to depress the button on the camera to start and stop recording . If you want an excellent tripod that performs like the professionals without having to spend alot of money , this is definitely the tripod to buy .
 excellent and cheap ... panning acts almost like the $ 400 + tripods for movie cameras ... and the controls in the handle add to the convenience and control of `` shaky '' movement ... sold ... stable ... tall ... worth the price
 Great tripod . We 're using it in a television studio w/Sony VX-2000 cameras . They work great !
 This is both my first camcorder and tripod . So this 'll be a newb review . I was using a standard tripod a friend let me borrow , which was not built for panning . Then I bought this baby and man ! Smooth as silk panning left and right and up and down . Can shoot without seeing coverage `` jiggle '' . It comes also with a black carrying bag with a shoulder strap with Sony tagged on it . When you put the camcorder on -LRB- mines a HDR-SR1 -RRB- , it has an easy platform you screw into the camera and just snaps on top of the tripod . I 'm not really great at having a steady finger zooming in and out while panning the camera in your hand using my index finger , but with the tripod it 's a little easier since you can use your `` thumb '' instead . Video game console controllers has a lot to do with that < grin > . Other than that , it has a pretty sleek look colored with a metalic bronze intead of the standard silver everyone usually has . But definately , I was hoping for better panning and this nailed it . If you know another tripod that does that at less of a price , let me know and I 'll get that one instead .
 I have purchased a second Sony VCT870RM Tripod to use with separate video cameras because of the ease of setup and stability of operation . The quality of the construction supports a lot of good use.Eldon Wolf - Albany , CA
 i recently ordered the sony vct870rm tripod w / remote for my sony camcorder . it arrived in a few days and i was very pleased with the product . i 'm glad i spent the extra money on the variable zoom for this model tripod plus it seems to be made a little better then the next lower model.i was please with the purchase all around . nice job with no complaints .
 While not on the ` highest end ' of tripod purchases , this one is a must for anyone owning a HDR-HC1 or other compatable camcorder . Operating the camera from the tripod -LRB- rather than the touch screen -RRB- provides steady footage for the amatuer videographer . The unit assembles easily and has stable panning and rotation . The only drawback is the soft storage bag which does n't provide adequate head protection .
 I bought this tripod to use with my Sony HDR-HC1 high-def camcorder . For the price , this is the perfect tripod if you own a compatible camera . Pans and tilts were smooth and adjustable . The quick release mount was nice , although you have to remove the mount to change tapes . This is more of a flaw in the camera design than the tripod design . The zoom lever also gave me more control over my zoom . I looked at other tripods at my local camera shops and they wanted well over $ 400 for a similar tripod -LRB- without the remote controls ! -RRB- . The included carrying case was a nice bonus as well -LRB- I did n't even know it came with one -RRB- . My only complaint is that you have to remove the control arm to store it in the case . I can recommend this tripod for pro-sumer use .
 This tripod has alot of basic tripod features , and I like that . I used to make my wife hold the camera while I did the surgerys that I perform at home but she kept saying that made her an `` accessory . '' Now with the tripod around , I do n't need my wife anymore . It 's like having three wives or at least one wife with three legs . Either way , the tripod does n't comlpain when I play my Joey Lawrence CD . If the time does come however , it will be alot easier to bury the tripod in the backyard .
 The compact Digital Grey Kard Premium is a nice , solid product . The flat toned white , black and grey plastic card stock should last for years , and it comes with a jazzy red lanyard with a snap disconnect . Product works nicely for neutralizing color casts in a scene -LRB- IF you remember to put it in the scene . D'oh ! -RRB- I do wish the instructions were better or they posted a better YouTube video , for those of us without formal Photoshop training . Yes , you can find a few bits of data here and there on the internet , but it is a real fight figuring out how to use the cards with RAW files and curves . It is a breeze with jpegs , of course . Four stars -- good product , mediocre instructions .
 Easy to use - every camera bag should have one - white balance issues are a thing of the past if used properly
 This is the first time Ive used a grey card and a white card at the same time . When reviewing your custom white balance settings its easy to check the levels of all three -LRB- Grey , White , and Black -RRB- all at once . I just fan the pack out and center on either the white or grey card depending on the balance I desire . Its also perfect fanned out for a guide shot to be used later in post to set grey , white , & black levels . Its small and easy to wear around your neck . No need to pull it out of your pack every time you need it like larger cards .
 Works great and compact and convenient . The detachable lanyard is nice for when I do n't want to carry my pack with me . I do n't see myself using the white and black cards too often , but they 're nice to have . The cards are of a nice quality , thick enough to not bend accidentally when in the camera bag .
 This White Balance Card is a must-to-have item in any photographer 's bag . Highly recommend this product . Great quality for the price .
 The gray card is 100 % required for taking pictures in artificial light . Have n't used the black/white cards yet but hope to soon .
 I am just an amateur photographer , but I am still pretty demanding with my photos . I use an 8mp Canon Digital Rebel XT , but have been having trouble getting some colors right , especially the reds . I tried every camera setting I could find but this did no good . I finally read about using a gray card to adjust the white balance . I did n't want to spend a ton of money on a card so I turned to Amazon and found this gray card from Digital Image Flow . This card is small enough to take anywhere and has done wonders for the colors in my photos , even the reds look 100 % better . So now wherever my camera goes , so goes this great tool . I shoot mainly in raw format now because this card gives me the confidence that I can adjust the white balance to correct them if need be .
 In the past I have had trouble getting items from Amazon sellers in a fairly quick manner -LRB- I think Im used to the quick ship from ebay sellers -RRB- but Digital Image Flow did not let me down . I got the item quickly and packaged professionally . I like that they include a key chain to keep the cards together.Thanks Digital Image Flow for the great service.Kelly
 AWB and Custom WB are two worlds apart - use this and get the true color
 I take photos of antique prints for sale in a controlled condition -LRB- photo lights , etc -RRB- , making correct color of utmost importance . The card is small to set the white balance on my camera , but works wonderfully with Adobe Lightroom to set the custom white balance . I am new to photography , but have found that this combination is working well for me .
 Before I used this product I used white paper as recommended by Canon for my 30D . I put lines on the paper for focus and set white balance as custom . The paper was difficult to use and keep with me . Since buying the gray digital card , I have found it to be more accurate than white paper and easier to use . The digital gray card produces perfect custom white balance and works every time . It has a focus spot to get the correct image for setting up in-camera custom white balance . One time I used both the gray card and the white card -LRB- on the lanyard -RRB- and found the gray card produced the correct white balance over the white card . Now I never take a shot without setting the custom white balance to the gray card . I do this in-camera so I do n't have to make adjustments in post processing . The gray card also gives the correct light reflection for digital camera exposure . Most books say the gray card should reflect at 18 % , but that is not correct for digital . See article on the internet by Thom Hogan -LSB- ... -RSB- who says digital camera makers set exposure meters to near 12 % gray reflectance , 18 % is based on printing standards . This gray card is closer to 12 % and is very accurate.I like the lanyard . When I 'm outdoors I keep it on my neck so I can periodically reset the custom white balance as I shoot . Inside under lights , I use it one time and I 'm set for the shoot . I highly recommend this card for serious photography , and it is inexpensive as photo equipment goes .
 As a retired negative wedding photographer , I want spot-on results . But with the digital age I had trouble getting exposure/white balance correct . Yes , the processor could correct for my `` slight '' errors . I did not appreciate how important white balance was , nor that it can change as easy as exposure . After a couple of tests w/this card . I was amazed at the skin tones I got . I used a drug store type quality -LRB- Costco -RRB- for convenience & speed and got great exposures ! Just think what a higher quality firm -LRB- i.e. Dale Labs -RRB- can do with my files!Photo correction programs
 I got this because I wanted a good quality gray card that was n't made of paper and would last a while . I do n't really need the white or black cards , or the deluxe lanyard -LRB- it really is nice quality though -RRB- , and i basically just threw the card in my bag and left the rest at home . Kind of pricey for a piece of plastic , but if you are in the field shooting in JPG mode and need to do a custom white balance , it 's worth it to me , even if it fixes just one shot . The card works great . I 've used it several times already and it is a simple but effective way to adjust white balance in strange lighting situations .
 I bought this set with risk -LRB- expensive & do n't know if it work ok or not -RRB- . Turn out I am SO HAPPY with this purchase.I did the card test : Took a picture of this set - Put this unbalanced picture to Photoshop to white balance it - Measure the balanced picture with Photshop sampler tool and find all RGB are equal ; R = G = B. That 's mean it neutral 100 % . I did the camera picture test : Took serveral pictures with different light sets - white balance the pictures with this GreyKard tool . Result color in pix look very much match the real physical subject.So 5 stars for this GreyKard.Some notes , may be you like to read : This little GreyKard may not too great for doing Pre-Blancing for camera internally because it is so small in size . This GreyKard set is great for Post-Blancing using camera software or Photoshop . This is what I like for convenient GreyKard for Post Processing , reason
 The three credit card size pieces of plastic work as advertised - they allow instant color correction in PhotoShop . They must be angled correctly or the glare from the flash appears white on both the gray and black cards.They are not large enough for me to use to set custom White Balance in my camera , but they are small enough to easily fit in my shirt pocket without any problems.This product will probably become standard in my portrait photography workflow , but I was a little disappointed when I opened the package - three credit card size pieces of plastic . My guess , and I may well be wrong , is that the packaging costs more than the product .
 I had no idea how much post processing time this could save . My method is this ; I have my models hold the balance cards where all three can be seen in the first shot of each lighting situation . I now worry much less about the white balance settings in my camera . Once the images are dropped into Photoshop I just click the selected eye droppers on the specific cards and my balance is set . Very easy to use .
 The lanyard makes it easy to hang on the tripod , and it 's an easy way to grab the cards out of your camera case . I do n't understand why every gray card on the market has to be so expensive -LRB- for a flat piece of plastic that does n't do anything -RRB- , but considering that this is high quality and not one of the most expensive , I wo n't ding the rating for the price.This is my first gray card and I 'm far from a professional photographer , but I did see a huge difference in the photos I 've taken before and after adjusting my camera 's white balance with the card . I do n't see how my review says anything about this product in particular -- it 's more of a recommendation to get a gray card if you do n't have one -- but this is the one I picked and I 'm happy with it .
 This is a great product . I have had no problems with it . Shipping was quick and efficient . Easy to use . I would recommend this to a friend .
 I never knew how the white balance affected digital pictures . Without the right white balance your pictures could look blue and you not know why . Purchese these cards , learn how to use them and you can eliminate this problem . I am very happy with my purchase . Take care and happy photo taking.Walter Crawford
 I like the idea of a grey card that travels in any of my carrying options ; Pelican case , shoulder bag , knapsack or around the neck using the lanyard.I shoot with a Canon 7D , and I use these cards at the start of a shoot by taking an exposure of the white card or grey card so that the card is reflecting the same light as my subject . In order to get the optimal result , I switch the auto focus off , and try to fill the frame with the card , so that the resultant exposure is mostly the white or grey card only , while still reflecting the light I 'll be shooting in.Next , I use the menu tab to go to the second camera settings tab -LRB- second red tab from the left -RRB- , and use the scroll wheel to drop down to the fourth choice , which is `` Custom WB '' . Select this choice , and using the shot you just took of the white or grey card , select the option `` use WB data from this image for Custom WB '' . You 'll get the custom white balance icon as you hit the `` set '' button . Once you 've done this , select the white balance option and select the custom WB icon . Now , your shots will use the white balance based on the white card you 've shot using the same reflected light that you intend to use for your shots . Repeat the process as the light changes . I generally take a quick few test exposures , and see how the custom white balance effect compares to the Auto WB or the other WB settings -LRB- such as sunlight , cloudy , etc -RRB- and almost always find the custom white balance to be more accurate.By carrying the cards around my neck on the lanyard , I look like a photo-geek but I have the color cards handy , to re-set the custom balance as the light changes.You can also do the method of shooting the cards at the beginning of a sequence , and using the exposure of the cards in Photo Shop to use the eyedropper tool to set white balance . However , I prefer to make changes as the light changes for truer white balance . Having the cards on the lanyard means that this option is always at hand.Nice product , cards can be used , abused and cleaned , and being on the lanyard , they 're always handy to tweak your white balance as the light changes throughout your shoot . I find this to be more accurate than shooting a mess of pictures throughout the day in a variety of lighting conditions , and trying to force-fit all the white balance at the end of the day with the eyedropper tool in PS . I may be wrong in this , but so far I prefer to use the cards in this manner .
 Excellent choice ! My camera it 's a 35mm manual so that means it 's big and heavy and this tripod can easy hold it at different angles without loosing the aimed subject . I can carry it fold in my pocket almost without knowing compared with the other bulky tripod with legs that stick in your body . This is a universal tripod not only for Sony products ; if your camera has a threaded hole underneath you can use this tripod . Good luck !
 I bought this table tripod at amazon due to it 's cheap price and unique design and ended up using it more often than my regular tripod due to it 's portability . The rubber mounted legs fold flat inside its wide base which is perfect for camcorders as it provide better support than a typical table tripod . Tilting the camera is accomplished by moving the rear leg forward or backward , no more knobs to loosen and tighten , very clever design indeed . The quality is topnotch as one would expect from a Sony product . I highly recommend this table tripod for it 's design , affordability and quality
 You can fold up legs & keep it attached to camcorder while your shooting . Also a good platform while dubbing tape.Handy little gadget
 We love this product . This tiny little widget that screws on all our cameras , 3 different digital cams , and positions the camera so well , has made it more possible for us to ask far less of strangers for snapping our photo ... it travels so well , very light , slips right into my purse and is very easy to set up . It provides several different angles also .
 Nice little device - very inexpensive , compact , and usefull on a table .
 Very compact , well made , helps me level the camera when I set it on sloped surfaces and it stays in place due to the rubber feet . For the price and size it 's a great alternative .
 The design is clever ! It is cheap and handy . But note that it has to be put on a table . So it carries all the advantages of a tripod except the fact that it can not be placed on the floor !! anyway , you can use it will all types of video cameras , it makes the camera stable all the time . Sony logo looks nice.All in all , buy it if you want a table tripod .
 Good , stable , solid , compact . Folds flat for easy storage in my small camera bag . I 'll buy another to go with my Canon .
 This little device made my Sony handyCam easier to work with and definate ; y makes the capture rock solid ! I like the way the legs fold in and you can use the cam like normal and then pull out the legs to set on a table or flat surface . The football players like the look from the field level too ! Good little piece of equipment !
 It 's light , compact , and stable , easy to slip into a shirt pocket , and easy to use . It 's great for fairly flat surfaces . From reading descriptions , the gorilla tripod -LRB- I think that 's the name -RRB- , while bulkier , is more versatile , since it can adjust for uneven surfaces and wrap around poles etc , but I have n't tried it .
 Took it on a trip to Germany . It is very lightweight and easy to carry . Great for shots where you want to be in the picture or low light situations.The only limitation I had was you ca n't shoot anything in portrait . As long as it 's landscape , it worked for me .
 This Sony VCT-TK1 is by far the best pocket tripod for instant use . I take it out of my pocket , screw on my camcorder , and it is ready to instantly take videos or self pictures . -LRB- Incidently , I have a wide variety of other different pocket-type tripods with three small legs and adjustable ball pan and tilt , but I do not use them . -RRB-
 Excellent method for transfering your videos to your computer for editing and making CD 's . The i.Link cable is easy to use . Make sure you order the right cable . I ordered the wrong cable a 4 pin to 4 pin which I believe only works if you have a Sony computer . Most other computers like my Dell will probally need the 6 pin to 4 pin cable.Also make sure your computer has the capability before ordering . i.LINK is also known as Firewire and IEEE-1394 . It does provide excellent high speed quality video transfers .
 This is a must have cable if you 're going to transfer your videos to your computer . Sony does not supply the cable with its HD camcorders . If you edit your videos and/or make DVDs , you will need this cable .
 Its a cable , it works , what else do you want ? I know its not the cheapest one out there , but this one says `` sony '' on it . Yea !! But , I am a true believer that you only get what you pay for . Im sure its better quality than the five dollar version at the flea market . who knows , but I sure feel all warm and fuzzy about getting quality sony products .
 This was the right cable for matching my Sony Digital8 Camcorder to my computer 's 1394 port for high-speed data transfer . It was much cheaper than buying from Sony .
 This product worked exactly as it was supposed to . I had tried using the cable that came with the camera -LRB- USB cord -RRB- and found out exactly what many others had said on blogs ... IT DOES N'T WORK !!! Once I got this cable , it worked perfectly . I was able to easily download video from my camera to my computer . The only frustration I had was that I would rather have paid a little more for the camera and gotten this cable with it in the first place .
 Yes , you have to use this Sony cable -LRB- instead of a universal USB -RRB- to download video from the video camera - and yes it is typical sony expensive - however , it works like a charm and I am very happy with the ability to pull from tape into digital format .
 The cable works great . I have been uploading Digital8 video to my processor for editing projects with no problems . The cord could be a bit longer than its 1.5 meters but that 's not a major concern . It was a bit pricey , but the steep markup on cords is pretty common across the board . All in all a good purchase .
 This was the perfect cable to upload my videos from my Sony video camcorder to my PC . Easy to setup and works with the installed software . Operates faster than expected .
 It 's a cable , what ever they want to call it . It works like it 's supposed to .
 Great part . came fast . Really , do I need 16 more words ? What more would you need to know ? The end .
 Another one of those tools I sought out to help reduce the mess and clutter in my portable carry bag . This works for me , and works every time . I find that the included converter tips are n't of the variety I generally need , but that 's a minor issue , as I have several other sets of converter tips that do the job.The price is right and the reduction of clutter along with the added versatility are excellent .
 I 'm a college student and have to travel between home , classes , my apt , my bf 's apt , friends ' places , etc. . This thing is great to use for internet connections and networking . small , compact , and functional , it 's perfect for any laptop user . Works well with my old PC laptop as well as my new iBook .
 I have this camera and I noticed two things that were kind of annoying : When you play back what you have recorded you clearly hear the cameras motor in the background , so you should use an external microphone . Even -LSB- an inexpensive -RSB- one -LRB- like the one I use -RRB- has better sound quality than the cameras internal mic.Also , the manual is VERY vague on the cameras specs . I edit my video on a PC and there is a lot you need to know when uploading video via FireWire , like if the camera has a 4-pin or a 6-pin port , if it is NTSC or PAL , that sort of stuff that you MUST know in order to upload.Overall , this is a very good camera , just with some minor flaws .
 Up until tonight , the ZR-40 seemed average to me . It 's pretty small , has high video quality etcetera , but does n't have many effects or features . Tonight , however , our family puppy knocked it off of the TV -LRB- about 4 feet above the hardwood floor -RRB- and dragged it around after him by the power cord as he ran away panicking . After a thorough inspection and runthrough , I found NO damage to the camera , and only a slight bend in the TV interface plug where he 'd ripped it sideways out of the camera . If you 're not sure you can protect your camera from all harm , I 'd suggest this camera - it takes a lickin ' and keeps on tickin ' !
 I just bought this camera on 6/30/02 . I love the size , it is in the midi-palm category , so it fits nice and snug in your hands . The 18x zoom is what grabbed my attention the most . I was in the market for a Sony camcorder , but decided on the Canon and glad I did .
 I 'm always been fond of the Canon line of consumer DV cams . They always have great optics , electronics , and durability . But what really sets them apart is thier menu systems ! It 's totally disgusting that on most any other brand , including ones as prestegious as Sony , that they lump all the menu options into a hoard of small , finger nail sized , buttons for most of thier consumer models . For Canon 's you simply press the menu button then scoll and press a togele wheel . This way , once you get the hang of the wheel , you now understand how to use the whole menu system for any function . This is a great improvement over those that require the manual to find that `` secret button combination '' . This is a consumer camera but I use it for many large applications . It has been sized down from it 's Optura and Ultura ancestors but pretty well all the functionality and then some . It has other sister cams such as the ZR45MC and ZR50MC . These pack the all-in-one memory card digital camera and mini Dv . I have friends who love these models dearly . Personally I go for a seperate camera with larger resolution . Whatever your needs are ... I 've noticed a large number of reviews that say something to the affect of `` I pulled it out of the box , plugged it up , and the image was grainy '' or `` I turned on steady shot and nothing happend '' . This might be old news for most but to explain for those of you that might be concerned by this ... Video cameras these days still thrive on ample lighting ! This and other cameras have a sort of slow motion low light mode -LRB- accessible from the menu -RRB- that works by slowing down the frame rate and sucking every bit of image data off the CCD . THis is ok for an emergancey but if you want good image , turn on an extra light or two . Human eyes are so adaptable that you might not even notice if the lighting is more subdued than usal but it will make a mile of diffence for the camera . Secondly , get to know the manual menu and exposure system . The auto functions ca n't always guess what your trying to do.About steady shot ... this only takes of the headache inducing shock that occurs when you jar the camera . It 's extremely useful in it 's own right but it wo n't keep you from waving the camera around.This is a great cam that I fully recommend . THere is one issue that does n't dampen my five star rating but is noteworthy . To size this camera down to an even more portable size , the engineers made it with the DV cassette loading from the bottom instead of the top . THis is fine except that if you are a true believer in tripods , as I am , then you have to take the camera off the tipod or tripod plate every time you need to swap tapes . Just a minor concern ...
 Expecting a baby , I did research for about three weeks before I ended up with this Canon ZR40 . Couple of features that I wanted to have were external mic input , analog input , no still images since I already own a nice digital camera , and most of all , affordable price tag . Amazingly , ZR40 had this all ! 18x zoom is nice and its compact size is pretty neat . Still , I have minor complaints after extensive tests .1 . As pointed out by many people previously , the picture is somewhat grainy specially indoors . Because this is my first digital camcorder , I do n't know if this happens for other high-end models , but I suspect it may stand out somewhat more for ZR40 with only 480K CCD pixels .2 . What has also been noted was the motor noise , which is my primary concern for now . Maybe , I would not been able to tell if I had not read those reviews , but I could certainly hear the noise when recorded in a quiet environment . I tried to use an external microphone to remove the noise , in which case the noise is gone , but the external microphone does not match the internal microphone in sensitivity . -LRB- I used a low-end microphone for the test with the sensitivity of -75 dBm , though . -RRB- 3 . This is a really minor point , but the camcorder automatically shuts down if I do n't start recording within 5 minutes.Overall , I think ZR40 has great features at such a price and is certainly worth owning if you are looking for one in the price range .
 Pros :1 -RRB- 18x Optical zoom . I can clearly see the faces of people sitting across an indoor stadium . Do n't settle with 10x on many similar models ! 2 -RRB- Size . Very comfortable and easy to hold for an hour , but heavy enough to prevent ` shaky hand ' , and not too small for big hand .3 -RRB- Image stablization . It actually works , especially if the objects do n't move a lot . Very important if you go near full optical zoom .4 -RRB- Shooting modes . I tested both low light and spot light modes in a very low light indoor stadium . Spot light works like a charm , if you do n't want to see the audience at all . Low light let you record everything , and the video is grainy yet acceptable . Overall , shooting modes work as advertised.Cons :1 -RRB- Motor noise . The microphone picks up a LOT of motor noise , and this can become VERY annoying if you are recording in a quiet environment without a lot of background noise . Taping a sleeping baby in a quiet bedroom ? forget about it .2 -RRB- Color . The color often looks ` untrue ' , especially outdoor under stronger sunlight . On the video , trees and grass often are not nearly as green as they actually are .3 -RRB- Battery life . The battery only last 50 min with LCD on half of the time . Replacement battery cost quite a bit .
 I have had my ZR40 for a week now , and it has exceeded my high expectations.The 18x optical zoom is phenominal . I can read the headlines on a newspaper two blocks away , or a number in a phone book 20 feet away.I was impressed by the camera 's ability to perform in low light conditions . In my poorly-lit living room , I exerienced no graininess or loss of quality.I took the camera outside 30 minutes after sunset and was still able to record satisfactory video.Hooking the camera up to my TV for playback was very simple . Recording off my VCR was also very straight forward.The remote control -LRB- which was n't mentioned in Amazon.com 's review , BTW -RRB- is handy for recording our nephew who gets shy when he knows he 's being filmed.I recorded in some quiet settings , but was not able to hear the electric motor turning the tape or adjusting the lense when zooming . If that 's a problem , it 's easy enough to hook up an external microphone to the ZR40.If you get this camcorder , do n't forget to claim Canon 's free ShowBiz video editing software -LRB- see their web site -RRB- with proof of purchase . -LRB- I have n't gotten it yet , so I ca n't rate it now . -RRB-
 This is really the ideal entry-level camcorder for someone just getting into digital video editing . The optical image stabilization is far better than the electronic kind , and the picture quality is pretty good . It has a tendency to overexpose in bright sunlight , but you can easily adjust the exposure down half an f-stop . It 's small and light , the viewfinder and flip-out screen are both color , battery life is pretty good with an add-on high capacity battery . Best of all , you can connect your old analog camcorder to it and import all your old videos to DV ! Works great with Apple iMovie.The one downside to this camcorder is the audio . It 's a problem with most tiny cameras , and this is no exception
 This is an excellent camera , and if you 're going to be using this camera with a computer for edited purposes , you do n't need the still shot feature that the more expensive cameras have , because you can just pull any still shot you want out of the footage once you have it uploaded . The picture quality is great , it 's lightweight , and I was very pleasantly surprised by the audio quality , even out of the built-in microphone . It 's one of the best deals in video cameras I think . I would recommend a spare rechargable battery though . It does n't last very long .
 I almost passed this by , because of the motor noise many people mention . But the price is unbeatable - do a good internet search and see for yourself . You do not pay for useless features , like magapixel stills - who needs 1MPix digital stills anyway - any digicam is at least 2 MPix ? There is some noise ; however I compared it with a friends Digital8 camera , and it also had some noise , although Canon 's is more high pitched -LRB- but not noticeably louder -RRB- . It might be that the noise is amplified during playback on the camcoder - I only import digital video on my computer for editing and I really have to look for noise in order to notice it.I am totally happy with the camcoder .
 I 've had this camcorder for almost half a year now , and I have no major complaints whatsoever.After doing research for Sony , Canon , JVC , and Panasonic , I finally settled on this one and have not been disappointed.The camcorder itself is easy to use . It took only a quick glance through the manual and I was well on my way to videoland.The minidv tapes are pricey and this records in SP -LRB- 60 min for regular tapes -RRB- and LP -LRB- 90 min -RRB- , so you 'll want to check those out before buying.Hooking up to TV requried several tries the first time for some reason , but now I have no problem.No software comes in this package , but I tested this with several , including Windows Movie Maker , Ulead VideoStudio , MGI VideoWave , and the $ ... rebate software ArcSoft Showbiz . Depending on the program , the video takes up different amounts of space on your hard drive , but just for the record , using MGI VideoWave , a 4 min clip took up 875 MB -LRB- yes , that 's right . -RRB- However , Windows Movie Maker take up only a fraction of that . I have n't explored making VCDs due to the limited memory on my computer -LRB- Win ME -RRB- but it should go smoothly.You 'll find that the zoom allows you to read the text on a newspaper up to about 30 feet away clearly , and that this product is sturdy , reliable , and has excellent value.I think the new line of Canon camcorders has come out already , and if you are thinking about buying one , do n't hestitate
 This is a great first digital camcorder . I bought it to upgrade from a Hi8 camcorder , and to use it to convert my Hi8 film to digital . I have had no problems using this camcorder to convert my Hi8 film to digital , and burning it onto DVDs . Send in for the Showbiz software for exceptionally easy movie making.Con
 Excellent camcorder , does very well in all kinds of light . I have had no trouble with it indoors , and I find that it performs very well in low light . Flawlessly performs with Windows Movie Maker 2 through firewire . The sound is outstanding , considering the picture is it 's strong point . I did not need the digital camera built in as I already have one . Effects are fun to play around with , especially with the handy scroll button . I have not heard the motor noise at all , so I ca n't see where that is coming from . My only complaint is that it shuts off too quickly if inactive , but it 's really not that much of a problem . Image stablizer works really well , as I often have an unsteady hand but it is hardly noticeable with this camcorder . I just wish they made a VCR that could record the footage as well as it was taped !
 I bought this camera after reading many reviews talking down the microphone and the battery life . I have not noticed a problem with either , yet . I am primarily using the camera to record middle school music performances with a tripod and AC adapter . It worked just fine to get the music , although I had a harder time hearing the adjudicator 's comments at the solo & ensemble festival . I may invest in an external microphone , but for now I 'm happy with the results .
 Awesome Camcorder & Camera functions in this lightweight , easy to use camcorder make it a breeze to shoot great memories for a novice like me , right out of the box . This camcorder also has a huge selection of special effects , and options to make really interesting video effects . I love this camcorder !
 I bought this camcorder to replace an aging 8mm GE unit that I 've had since ' 96 . I ca n't believe how far technologies come in such a short time . The video is amazingly clear with the optical zoom -LRB- although it does get grainy when the digital zoom kicks in -RRB- and quality is good in many lighting conditions . I just got a firewire interface and even though I 'm only using the two '' -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- and free '' software packages -LRB- the firewire card came with ULead Video Studio and the Canon comes with ArcSoft Showbiz -RRB- , I 'm having a blast editing video with my computer -LRB- in near realtime -RRB- . Quite a difference than just 4 years ago when I was using a Truevision Bravado card and my 8mm -LRB- Quality was never that good and it took FOREVER to preview/compile video -RRB- .
 I 've had this camera for almost a year now . I 'd say that all of the features that I would expect from a digital camcorder meet and exceed my expectations.Things that I like the most :1 . Perfect companion for my iMac .2 . Great quality analog-to-digital conversion . A must if you want to play with analog videos in digital world .3 . Solid Canon design , made in Japan if anyone cares .4 . Price .5 . No useless features like in more popular brand.Things I do n't like as much :1 . I think indoors quality is reasonable but it 's average with low light . I do n't really know if any cameras in that price range do well in low light .2 . Some people complained about motor noise ? It 's possible , I have n't tried to make any silent movies yet . I add music to all my movies that do n't already have some sound .3 . Battery life is short but recharges quickly .4 . Shuts off quickly if idle .5 . You probably would n't want to use low-resolution Photo feature espesially if you have a good digital camera but this is probably the only `` useless feature '' . If you are like me and just like to point/shoot/watch on tv/edit on your computer - it 's great .
 Love this little camera . Video taken outside is outstanding , inside can be a little fuzzy without bright lighting . Zoom is fabulous . The only thing I do n't like is the fact that you can only charge the battery while it is mounted to the camera , which defeats the purpose of having multiple batteries if your wanting to have one battery charging while still using the camera with another battery .
 I have used the camera for a month and am impressed by its features and picture quality . I agree with the other reviewers that indoor shoots require good lighting . I bought a video light and it helped a lot . Outdoor footage with sunshine is superb ! If you are new to the video world -LRB- like I am -RRB- this camera is all you need to get started .
 I ca n't complain -- I absolutely do n't need still capabilities as I already have a much better compact digital camera than any camcorder offering . Being able to plug-and-play with iMovie on my iMac simply is amazing .
 Well , I recently purchased a Canon ZR40 at J&R , not amazon , too expensive . Anyway , this is a great camcorder . It does everything possible for the price . The digtal effects are great and the playback is great , too . The only very minor problem is that it has a short battery life . You have to recharge it a lot , but it 's really fast to recharge . GREAT CAMCORDER !!!!!! J&R , thanks .
 needed to connect a sony cam to my computer by firewire - this was just what I needed . It works and has delivered as expected .
 I was able to plug this cable into my video camera and download my videos in HD . This allowed me to see my videos in true HD and not just SD .
 ca n't go wrong with Sony . Great speed and visual . Do n't think twice about buying it .
 Bought it to connect my new Sony HD3 HDV Camcorder to my Sony KDF60XBR950.Works perfect .
 I found SONY i-link most suitable for SONY HDV camcorder . I use FX1 with 1080i recorded signals , others could not match with SONY high data transfer rate .
 The product arrived ontime and it was what I was looking for
 This item was just what I needed to be able to use my older Sony digital DV-8 videocamera -LRB- which uses mini-tapes -RRB- with my newer Sony multi-function DVD recorder . It took me awhile to figure out that this was the cable I needed to make it work , and the people at Best Buy were n't any help , so I ended up buying an S-video cable they recommended that did n't complete the connection before I found this correct one I needed buried in the literature . They did not carry this product at the time.It 's nice how well things work when you have the right equipment !
 Easy way to get video from a digital video camera to your computer . You will need a special port on your computer to use this .
 I highly recommend this item for Sony HandyCams . I used a Belkin for a while , but this tops it over and over . I ca n't tell you why but my video upload from my HandyCam to my computer are lightning fast now and I love it . Thanks Sony .
 Atlast I can transfer my videos from my HC32 Sony camcorder to my laptop ! Works with Toshiba & Dell laptops , not sure about others . The iLink/IEEE 1394 port on Toshiba is also called S400 .
 I had a belkin before . . i switched to this because my dog decided to chew the other cord . . -LRB- i was so mad -RRB- but now that i have bought this , i fell its so much faster transfering my videos to my computer . . im kidof glad my dog took a chew out of the other one now : -RRB-
 This cable is really working with my camera , I am transferring digital 8 to DVD and has been working great , the disadvantage is that the speed is not really better that others no brand cables.I recommend this produt
 I was trying to resolve a technical issue with a TRV-950 Sony Handy Cam but the cable I received seemed to work between cameras but did n't solve the issue with capturing to Sony Vegas Pro 8 . There is something I ca n't figure out with the 950 so I have been using my TRV-900 and Ulead to capture video then importing that into Vegas for editing . If someone reads this and knows how to get a TRV-950 to capture to Vegas Pro 8 directly please let me know .
 works great ! so easy to use with `` click to DVD '' software that came on my Sony Vaio PC . love it ! I can finally have my home videos put on DVD easily , in about an hour or so .
 The cable works really well with the Vaio computer I have , and the transmission speed of video is very fast .
 The Logan 702 with the anti-crawl pin is easy and accurate to use in mat cutting . I 've tried many styles and brands but this one I would recommend for all skill levels .
 Worked as expected , easy to install .
 very very very easy to install the indoor and outdoor cameras . out of the 5 cameras i received - so far 2 have proved to be defective BUT the units that DO WORK - work very well . The customer service guys are the best I have EVER dealt with bar-none !!!! Returns were easy . For the money they are an added level of security .
 I bought a wilife master symstem a month ago for my drive way.So far its pretty good.att . . Henry from jersey .
 Purchased this camera along with a couple more for security reasons . This camera has an excellent picture quality and can be viewed from a remote location , i.e. , work , play or other location , as long as you have a computer . I love it and wish I had bought this a long time ago .
 Easy to setup and renders quality images . If somebody is fooling around your property and the camera catches him -LRB- outside OR inside -RRB- you have evidence . Plus it will send an email to you away from home so you can see what 's going on ... . a little pricey but great features . No monthly fee ... . I like that .
 I now own 3 of them 512 , 1G , 2G , write to it is 6MB/sec read is about 13MB/sec for it size the best you will find . I use it with RoboForm and BART-PE Boot OS , so it stays pluged in for long periods at a time and its size and round back make it the safest USB to leave in a laptop as you use it and move around and wo n't get knocked out or damage your USB port due to torque . I hope they never discontinue this model . A must have for the moble person on the move.Phil
 I buy this item due to small and safe as per not use cap -LRB- wich lost any time -RRB- , in adition , I surprise above fast to load info of this memory .
 good quality . I am content for good quality . good quality . I am content for good quality . good quality . I am content for good quality
 It tested good , worked right and the price was right.Thanks
 Got here quick was as advertised and worked great . what else do you need from a company .
 I bought this product for my old Dell Dimension XPS-T450 to extend its usefulness . As I was unaware of that the maximum RAM for each slot was 256MB , the computer read as 256MB instead of 512MB . With the seller 's outstanding assistance I successfully installed two replaced 256MB memories to get total 512MB , the system is now working fine and steadily . It is worth spending $ 28 to keep the old computer working as an experimental machine .
 There is nothing like getting somthing sent to you faster then you could have hoped.Great Product that runs smooth and is holding up well on this4 week of use . I will be buying from this provider again.Thank you , BJD
 All I can say is this memory works as good as branded , my motherboard Gigabyte MODEL 7ZX reconigsed in less than a minute . Buy with confidence .
 This is a good quality printer . HP makes better ones , but the price for this one is good . I have had no problems with it so far and have had it for and year and a half . The color cartriges are the problem . ... I heard the grey cable that goes into the back of the printer was getting recalled because of possible electrocution and shock hazard . It was made by Longwell electronics . Seems fine to me .
 Works well . I just could n't buy a new printer when I have several ink cartidges for the HP P1000 PhotoSmart . The Printer costs less than a new 78color ink cartidge
 I 've tried two Lexmark printers
 this printer is outstanding.photo quality is perfect.ease of install and operation is great . if you do n`t have a photo printer this one ` s for you . and the price you ca n`t do much better than this . this printer sold for $ 499.00 when it first came out . do n`t pass on this deal !
 this printer is outstanding.photo quality is perfect.ease of install and operation is great . if you do n`t have a photo printer this one ` s for you . and the price you ca n`t do much better than this . this printer sold for $ 499.00 when it first came out . do n`t pass on this deal !
 Great Printer For The Money . Very Easy To Work With .
 The printer is great . I could n't be happier with it , especially since it is so inexpensive . The thing I do n't like is the fact that the ink costs an arm and a leg -- check out the cost of HP cartridge 78 ... If you print many photos , the ink costs start to add up -- mainly if you are doing full letter size prints . However , it 's still much cheaper than getting film developed .
 this printer is outstanding.photo quality is perfect.ease of install and operation is great . if you do n`t have a photo printer this one ` s for you . and the price you ca n`t do much better than this . this printer sold for $ 499.00 when it first came out . do n`t pass on this deal !
 I 've had this printer for about 8 months , and I am finally happy with it in general . When I first set it up , it was via parallel connection on a PC running Windows ME . Total set up time was 10 minutes and text and graphics printing was very good . However , loading photo paper , which requires some tricky maneuvers and varies among the different sized papers , is enough to discourage a lot of photo printing , especially on 4 '' x 6 '' paper , which uses a separate tray for loading and is finicky on a good day . I then moved the printer to my laptop and tried to set it up via the USB port . This was rougher and required uninstalling the printer and then reinstalling it and selecting USB connectivity . Not a big deal except nowhere does it say to do that ; you just figure it out by trial-and-error . The big deal came when I upgraded my laptop 's OS to Windows XP . The original driver for ME or even Windows 2000 does not work with XP . Finding the driver via the HP website was the run-around of a lifetime ; their FTP site in the U.S. was so overloaded that you 'd only be directed to that site at weird , off hours . Otherwise , you were redirected to the Twilight Zone . My success finally came when I located -LRB- via a Google search -RRB- HP 's Euro FTP server , which at midnight here was quite responsive . Recently , the driver has been easier to access -LRB- I know , because I just had to reformat my C
 The only things that has worked harder for me is my Maytag washer . Honest!I have printed perhaps 4oo to 5oo great photos in 8x10 and several hundred 4x6 . I printed simple signs that earned more than the coast of the printer , all the ink used and paper . I am on my 3rd case of plane paper , plus heavy weight paper.I have use it with the usb cable and the printer cable . The small photo tray worked well after I surrendered and read and followed the instructions.I have had my P1000 for 5 years or more ... I have gone through several PCs , am on my 3rd scanner and have tossed two printers in the dump ... one a wide print photo oriendted HP , the other that came `` free '' with another PC.I considered buying a new one -LRB- or two -RRB- on Amazon 2 years ago for ? . . $ 75/00 if a member correctly.I have been able to download software that enables we to use it on XP home edition . The HP software worked well for me . Also have been using photoshop 6 . I have given away numbeous framed photos to frineds and family printed on it and had the pleasure of seeing people enjoy them.I does n't give up . There many be better printers . I am still looking and also am holding on to this HP P1000 ... I also have a Canon i9900 which is working out well enough.And I just might get another P100 . Anyone want a HP 3845 ? Free ! The trash men wount be here until Thursday -LRB- 2 days -RRB-
 If you are looking for a home photo-quality printer -LRB- not pro quality - but good enough form me -RRB- , for a decent price . This is your printer.I can print 8X10 's that come out with amazing results . I even use my scanner to print from the negatives and the photos print out better than my local store -LRB- I am not comparing to 1-hour development , I am comparing a local specialty store with an amazing reputation -RRB- . Just make sure to use -LRB- and of course set the printer -RRB- to high quality photopaper , and you will see amazing results.I bought this printer a few years ago and have never had a problem with it . I do n't know if the newer versions are better , but I ca n't say a bad word about this printer .
 This printer will do everything that you would want from a low cost high output machine . The HP 1000 is the best in the photo series and I would recomend this printer to all my friends.Try it , you will like it , like all HP products .
 I agree with all the positive comments on this workhorse of a printer . I have been using it since 1999 and have n't been able to find a replacement printer since , that is as reliable , user-friendly , functional , full-featured and perfect as this printer . I 'm so upset that drivers for Windows 7 are not , nor are they apparently being considered for this printer . Shame ! I have been able to use it on my Win7 system using `` HP Deskjet 930C/932C/935C '' drivers as some help forums have suggested but it is a compromise that removes some cool PhotoSmart features like the ink cartridge level information and other useful things . Too bad - altho I still have n't given up . I hate all the new printers that are out lately that have these elaborate CD install process that includes all kinds of junkware and extras that need to be installed on every device before simple prints are attempted . It did n't used to be this way .
 The photosmart P1000 was one of the best printers ever made . The software is so easy to use . Setup is a snap . The templates are easy to find and use . Quality is great . Had several other printers since and I had to go back to this one . I purchased a printer at the beginning of the year that I saw on TV . Loud , not the word for it . No quality . Their Ink goes just as fast as any other ptinter . Wanted to enjoy printing with my printer .
 This a very cool product offered by Sony . And so is the web site
 Worth the 20 bucks - easy to st up - easy to use , works excellent , just make sure that your radio stations are covered before you buy it - comes with a cool little docking station too
 this e marker was a gift from a family member and man does it rock . it will change the way you hear you favorate soungs . it is also esy to install and use it gets a 5 star rating from me
 From the gadget guru to the techno dummie this gadget works for all . I use it all the time to bookmark songs on the radio ... the only major problem I have with it , is the time in which it takes to update the website -LRB- in rural areas -RRB- ... usually I have forgotten which station I was listen to , and find myself wading through the stations trying to remember which song I was listening to ... but this is just logistcal stuff that I am sure Sony will work out . But overall the idea is great , just needs some tweaking .
 I have a terrible memory . Nearly every time I hear a good song on the radio , I am only left with a few catchy bars . That 's why I love this thing . All you have do is push a button and BOOM ! You 're song is there ! The website works nearly every time , and the format is very convienent . Before you buy it , though , you should check on the website -LRB- www.emarker.com -RRB- to see if your area is listed .
 The Sony eMarker is truly an amazing product . The unit is very small and connects through USB . It does everything it advertises and is well designed . The only problem is that it can only hold 10 songs at a time and you have to know the radio station that you heard them on . Also the eMarker website that you must upload the songs to has way too much unnecessary Flash and is therefore slow and annoying . Overall it is a novel concept and I 'm sure it will improve . Get one !
 eMarker has updated the drivers on their site . The product is now able to support Windows 95 , 98 , Me and 2000 . I bought several as stocking stuffers for Christmas .
 A new driver has been released at www.emarker.com The device does support both Windows ME and Windows 2000 . he other reviews were written when this was not the case . I just recently purchased an emarker and it works wonderfully . The emarker web site could use a little improvement but other than that it 's definately worth the 20 bucks ...
 I bought this for my sister on christmas and it has been great ! You just pick your favorite stations get in the car and when you hear a good song press the button . One of the only complaints is that you ca n't remember what station you were listening to . Usually you can look at the title and figure it out . For $ 20 it was a great investment , the software works , but the website seems kinda slow sometimes . I would reccomend this for anyone who listens to the radio .
 I really enjoy my eMarker . You 'll want to make sure that your favorite radio station -LRB- s -RRB- are cvered by checking on -LSB- website -RSB- . I wo n't go deep into the functionality , but it works great for me and it 's the best conversation piece I 've ever had . Everyone wants to know what the green surfboard looking thing is . For the price , it 's a fun and functional little gadget .
 I found this eMarker semi-helpful . It has some good points , andsome bad points as well . But I found that for -LSB- the price -RSB- , it was worth the money.The eMarker only lets you select 3 stations from in your area , and one as a default station . Unfortunately the eMarker service does n't include my favorite radio station , I still found it helpful at times.I found that the one button that it has can easily get pushed , and has a couple times in my pocket , but fortunately it has a delete option which you can use in case this happens.The best thing I think about the eMarker is the way it 's a conversation starter . It 's hard not to notice it with it 's `` Slime Green '' casing with orange borders , which people always ask about.It 's a neat little gadget , and if Sony adds a couple better functions to it , then I 'm sure it 'll become much more popular .
 Please be aware that the Sony eMarker DOES work with the following operating systems
 Buy this !! I have no idea how the world has survived without it for this long ! Works great with all Pittsburgh stations , takes 24 hours sometimes to collect data but worth it .
 For -LRB- this price -RRB- , no song will ever be forgotten ! Any music lovers must ! The sony emarker stores up to 10 songs , so you will never forget one again ! Absolutely amazing .
 Whenever I walk into music stores or log onto online CD stores , I can never remember what CDs I wanted to check out or to buy . Since it is while listening to the radio on my car that I have that `` I-gotta-check-this-song-out '' urge the most , this product 's service , its small form factor and portability make all the sense to me . The only drawback that I can see is that eMarker does not cover jazz stations . Also , I would pay more for more advanced product from Sony that captures radio 's frequency that I am listening to .
 I brought myself a emarker , which is just more than a glorified time stamp it sets up easly , works fine and is for me a usefull product , if you live in a big city like ny or la the site is updated every 10-15 minutes it seems that outside the big areas your SOL . . its a neat little gadget and good if you live in an area where its updated frequently .
 This works like a dream to find out what song is playing on the radio . There are two problems I have , however . One is the hassle of hooking it up to your computer and waiting a day to find out what song it is . In cities with a large population , the songs get updated every 10 minutes . The other is the heavy flash use on the web site . This makes the process of finding out the song even longer . I do not have a high-speed connection , just a 56k modem . Even with these problems , the great function of this product makes it original and worth your money .
 Excellent Product , but Sony is taking down the support for the product at the end of Sept so do n't bother buying . Shame as it was really good while it lasted .
 I recently purchased the eMarker by Sony . It shows how far technology has come it also shows how useless some of afformentioned technology can be . It looks great attached to my keyring . Needless to say with it 's sleek stylish good looks it attracts lots of attention . The main problem is its lack of extremely useful features . I hope Sony makes some revisions and releases a better more useful product like we have come to expect from them .
 This Sony eMarker is too easy and incredible for the person that ca n't remember a song name . Or your radion station never has a DJ to tell you what just played ! You just plug the Sony eMarker into a Palm style sync port and you have access to your favorite station 's playlist at the time you clicked . And then you can hear a clip and buy the album online @ Amazon.com !
 The Sony eMarker is a great product.You can bookmark a song from the radio into it . Its so small an compact that it fits on your keychain . It 's also very light weight . weing just a pound , it 's great to carry around . It quickly attaches to your computer through the USB port . You can even preview a cd and buy it online . The eMarker website will give you listings of the artist and song 's name . You can even learn about the artist through the eMarker . All in all , the Sony eMarker is a great product , and I strongly suggest purchasing it .
 great product BUT some guy was working and going to call it the iMusic or something to work on Mac & PC but no stupid sony bought it from him now they get the money for HIS credit and its PC only I HATE THAT STUPID SONY SO NOW I NEED TO USE VIRTUAL PC ! THANKS A LOT SONY , or should I say PHONY ! -LRB- yes i know caps means souting -RRB-
 hey . . the emarker is a pretty fantastic product with a marvelous and very resilient driver . The Installation is very painless on Windows 98 and Windows 2000 and the device works like a charm . minimal user interaction required.The site is also well designed , it is a little heavy in terms of flash usuage but if you have a broadband connection -LRB- I Do -RRB- then it is no problem at all ... i recommend this product very strongly .
 Duuude . This is sweet . I totally love it . I really lost the patience of waiting for DJs to tell me the songs , or to waste hours at the store trying to remember what I was looking for . This solves it for 20 bucks . What a bargain . It works great in LA. . I listen to Krock -LRB- KROQ -RRB- . It sometimes tells me the song before though , but not often . I would recommend it to everyone !
 I ca n't tell you how many times I 've tried to remember a song after hearing it on the radio , sung it for the sales person at Tower Records , waited for the deejay to identify the song for hours on end -LRB- waiting in my car -RRB- . SO GLAD SOMEONE THOUGHT OF THIS DEVICE , which tells me , the song , artist , and enables me to buy it right then online . About time ...
 This is new technology , what can we say ? It might have its occasional bugs -LRB- not being able to get songs in a few days -RRB- but these are things that can be overlooked . Its new for crying out loud ! The best way to get these bugs ironed out is by supporting the product and giving Sony feedback . The interface of this product is excellent and simple ... a button and a tiny LCD screen . If you do n't know how to use this then ... technology is n't your buddy I guess . As far as coverage and the speed in which certain radio stations provide feedback is the sole responsiblity of that station for the most part -LRB- most stations take 24 hours to get a song . others might take maybe 10 minutes or so -RRB- , and NPR support would be very much appreciated . Not every location on the surface of the earth is supported -LRB- yet -RRB- but as far as I 'm concerned an e-mail request to Sony could help to do the trick . Overall , the product is great and it is a great Sony investment .
 I 'm very happy with my eMarker ! Those DJs play 10 songs in a row and they never tell you what the song is . It helps me a lot to create killer download lists . I live in Seattle and songs seem to be updated every few minutes .
 its sony . . what else can i say =-RRB- alright , nm . . down to the review i first heard about the emarker from winmag.com -LRB- one of their newletters like winletter or something -RRB- . . it seemed pretty neat so i checked it out . . i placed an order right away and waited like a month because of a backorder . . anyways , while i was waiting , i discovered a similar device called the xenote -LRB- which just went out of business -RRB- its an interesting concept but i think sony overcharged for this lil device . . seeing how the xenote held like 4 or 5 times more songs and was free , i haveta wonder why sony made it 20 $ . . however , sony decided to use usb which makes it so much more easier to operate . anyways , my system did have a problem with installign the driver because it didnt detect it and the intructions were minimal at best . however , my system is more unique seeing how it is custom built and has a satellite usb modem so i guess there is a conflict . on my other system , it was up and running easily . . its a nice device and easy to use and very fun =-RRB- even if the site is overly flashed , it still loads prettie quick on a 56k modem and is nothing for my satellite to handleanyways , to sum it up . . emarker is a great toy if you are a tru music lover and dunno the songs on the radio . . it does however take 10 minutes to update the site so if you want it quicker , like right after the song is played , and if you live in the bay area , another option could be www.buzzhits.com . . its free , and all u need to know is the time the song was played . . no dj . . nothing to buy . . but if you want something fun , a new keychain . . then go for the emarker . . i dont even use it that much . . but still = -RRB-
 I have a Sony Emarker on a Win98SE platform and it works fine . I love how i can find out the name of songs that i had no clue what the songs name was . With emarker it is easy to figure out . just hit the button and plug it in to a computer and u are done . the software is easy to use and uploading emarks is automatic .
 I got this as a Christmas gift from my boyfriend . I am not so sure what all the bad reviews are about . All I know is that the E-marker worked perfectly for me and I use it all the time . I live in Boston and the songs are very accurate . Sometimes it takes them a day or so to figure out the song -LRB- reason for 1 less star -RRB- if the song is an 80 's song .
 It 's not perfect , but it 's worth the money . I 'm having fun with mine , and I 've scored some songs I would n't have gotten otherwise . Pros
 I 'm really happy with this eMarker thing . I mark songs with it almost everyday on WPLJ and I download the songs from Napster . I do have to wait for about 3-10 minutes -LRB- sometimes less -RRB- to get the song name , but I 'm usually in the car so it is not really a problem . It would be great if they covered NPR . It works on my Windows 2000 PC at work and my Windows ME PC at home . The technology behind it seems to be pretty simple . I think the keychain product just remembers the time . It works flawlessly for my station , which is what is important anyway . The site is a bit slow , but it is a really slick design that is very interactive . I wish it held more songs than ten .
 I ca n't believe how many people are complaining that they wasted $ 20 , and now the product does n't work at all . If you take any time at all to learn about the product , you 'll discover it does n't work everywhere ! Before buying , just go to http://www.emarker.com/coverage/index.jhtml like I did . I found out it did work in my area , so I bought and loved this product , and I am amazed that other people could n't figure out to do this themselves!So enough about how half the reviews are from senseless idiots who ca n't figure out how to do a simple check , this product is great . I listen to the radio for an hour or two a day , and this is indispensable . I used to jot down the lyrics to the song , try to find the song on Napster , download it to make sure I have the right one , then purchase the CD , possibly . Now , if I hear that great song , all I have to do it press the button - it 's incredibly easy . Even if you just listen to the radio 15 minutes a day in the car , it 's nice . You wo n't believe how many times you 'll find yourself using it . But be sure to check the website first and save yourself the hassle that many of the other reviewers had to go through !
 This cool little product has been just wonderful . I will never have to remember songs I hear on K-ROCK again !! I was delighted to find a song a few days ago that had been bothering me for months . I kept wondering who was singing it . E-marker found it for me . The website is incredibly cool too . Too bad you can not experience it without buying it . You can actually drag and drop songs into categories that you can name . I am not a techie and I was able to get it to work just fine . The site is a bit slow to load but once it loads , it is actually very fast and interactive . It is a great tool for people who are really into music . I just love it !!!
 I used my E-marker under Windows 98 SE . I just built a brand new system from scratch and loaded the E-marker driver to Windows ME and it worked perfectly . I have no idea what these people are talking about who had problems with Windows ME .
 Please be aware that the Sony eMarker DOES work with the following operating systems
 The Sony eMarker is a GREAT new device , It collects a time stamp everytime you push the little ` e ' and then you plug it into a Windows Based , USB system and the ` time stamps ' are uploaded to your personal FREE website and you get to see who sung that catchy tune and what album it was -LRB- even links to listen to the song again as well as purchase the album -RRB- . The device IS USB , so old Win95 systems wo n't be able to use it , but Since USB is so small it it a great use for the new technology ! Unfortunatly , Sony 's eMarker website only currently has the support for Win98 , but they are developing it for WinME and Macs with USB.I have found myself using it All the time when the DJ does n't say who sings the ` upcoming song ' , or if I really like it and might want to purchase the album.You will find it is a great conversation piece since Sony puts their own ` style ' on it ... ` Slime ' Green with Orange Accents , pretty hard to miss or ignore!The eMarker holds 10 songs or ` timestamps ' , but that is fine since you are pretty eager to find out who sung THAT song . When signing up at the eMarker website , you choose your three favorite radio channels , but you do have the option to choose another station in your area after you upload the 'eM ark ' . Sony has mentioned in their website -LRB- as well as the manual -RRB- that they will be adding the ` TV ' function , so when watching ` MTV ' or ` VH1 ' you will be able to use the eMarker for the same purpose.If you have a Win98 system and can never remember song titles or artists , this is for you ! -LRB- Stay tuned for other Operating Systems . -RRB- But I LOVE the eMarker and would Highly reccommend it , it is VERY easy to use and yet helps out in such a small container -LRB- just a little longer than a Key , so it should fit on a keychain just fine -RRB- .
 This Product is truly a great product . I found out about this a few days ago . This really is a great product , and it is easy to use , but this is n't really needed by anyone 13-24 because we regularly tune into the radio and/or watch MTV almost everyday . I could see this useful for older people , probably 40 + , but it is n't really too practical for a younger generation .
 For people like me it 's hard to keep up with the different songs on the radio , and even more so the people that sing them . Napster is only good for some things , but if you dont even know where to direct your search then it 's even harder . I love the e-marker ... I dont have to worry about forgetting the music I love !
 How many times have I said to myself `` That song is great ! What 's it called ? Who 's it by ? '' About a million times . The eMarker is extremely comvinient especially in the car . Most of the stations in my area provide the song info in 10 minutes , very few stations with 24 hour wait . Just perfect . :-RRB- The site I admit is slow and annoying . The use of Flash is a little too much , even a seperate , stand-alone eMarker app would be better . Other than that , this one 's a buy ! And for $ 20 , that 's great for a Sony product that provides such a great service .
 I have a G4 Tower and Powerbook G4 and it works great ! I love that I can just tap the eMarker and forget about worrying to write down the Song or Artist -LRB- great for the car ! -RRB- . The cradle is great too , but you really dont need it if you can get to a USB port on your keyboard -LRB- where I attach mine -RRB- . Draw back is their website , too flashy . They need to tone it down , and make it less complicated , but it works ! A + to Sony 's dev team !
 This is a cool product.When I went to new Jersey I heard so many songs . I Forgot who sung them this product is good plus you can listen to music on it its like a mp3 but a MPe its awesome buy it .
 I just got the emarker , and right away i love it . It is small , cute and it fits right into your USB port . You dont even need the cradle.The negative parts are that you have to remember which station you marked on if you listen to more than one station , but i dont so its not a preblem for me . Another problem is the space , but thats easy because you can just go online and upload them , and free up your space . One really cool thing about it is that you can mark songs from covered TV stations , or mark songs when you are out of town . Overall , its a really great and smart product and its really easy to use ! I give it 5 stars because the cons are n't worth fretting over . I am a satisfied customer .
 I bought it and it works great ! It works great in Michigan . All of my favorite radio stations are listed . The only bad part is that it gets updated 24 hours , not instantly
 Great idea . Unforutunately , Sony pulled the plug on this service in 2001 . This was a device that cleverly used time as the identifier for music that played on the radio . I wish my iPod had this feature . It was way ahead of its time .
 It has the easiest set up in the world it took me no more than a minute to install the software . The emarker is easy to use and its worth the twenty bucks .
 I think this is the best thing I got for $ 20 in a long time ! It tells me all the songs I hear on the radio . Just click the button . That 's it ! I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves music and listens to a lot of radio . Lots of people in my school picked it up recently and it 's becoming very popular too . The only set back is that I accidentally hit the button when it is in my pocket . I put some stickers over the button so it does not happen any more . Can you make it in more colors ??
 Well , I guess I 'm lucky , but a -RRB- The eMarker was a simple breeze to set up , b -RRB- The drivers were 100 % compatible , and when I pop it in the cradle , it uplaods my eMarks , and c -RRB- It looks really cool on my desk . My only wish is that it were a diffrent color , or were offered in diffrent flavors ... Orange is all good , but I 'd like to see a Black with Neon Green tints . It 'd RoX0r muchly then . Then again , for 20 bux , I 'm glad I bought 3 as gifts , the packaging is great , and looks very very professional , like some gadget that was more like 80 bucks , instead of 20 ... The only downside I have noticed is that the website to check it is really made with high-bandwidth users in mind . -LRB- In other words , you v. 90ers are going to have fun waiting for it to load . -RRB- It 's great otherwise , and on DSL , it 's very very very slick . : -RRB- Responding to other users feed back
 You do have to remember what station you were listening to but I usually only listen to three different stations and it 's easy to switch between the stations on the web site . I also like the sound clip option that is available for many of the songs . If it 's been a few days since I 've heard the song and I 'm not sure about the station I can listen to the sound clip and easily identify the song.I teach an indoor cycling class and have found this to be an invaluable tool for finding great songs !
 I am a country and western fan in Memphis . This new Sony product is great ! I meam really great . I do n't have to remember songs I hear on the radio anymore . Definitely worth the $ 19.99 I paid . Get one !
 Ignore all those bad reviews if you have some knowledge of the internet and computers . Yes , you do need to have patience to set it up . However once I got everything downloaded , I was in business . It is the coolest toy I ever got for -LSB- the price -RSB- . Maybe the reason I have n't had any problems with it is because I live in the NY Metro area . Do the marks sometimes take twice ? Yeah , so you delete them . I have had none of the problems listed in the other reviews , mine works perfectly ... and all my frieds can not wait to get one too !
 My users go thru these about once a month , price is reasonable & the quality is very good . would reccomend
 Overall , I 'd like to say that this camera is a beautiful and inexpensive camera with great features . I bought mine at -LSB- a physical store -RSB- becuase Amazon.com did n't have any in stock but it has 22x optical zoom , and 880 digital zoom which is amazing !! The main reason I bought this camera is beacuse I will be goin to Italy for this summer and also Tunisia and I needed a camcorder , -LRB- It is my first one -RRB- . It has a PAL system built in which means that you can basically use it anywhere in the world . The visuals are great and it has digital effects such as , black and white , fade , black light , mirror , sepia , negative picture , art , mosaic , 16:9 , and cinema . Maybe the only bad thing is that it does n't have an image stabilizer but it does n't really bother me beacuse the other Samsung that does costs about -LSB- much more -RSB- . I would reccomend getting a Camcorder bag and an extra Lithium-Ion battery if your going to use it alot . It has two features that one is , EASY which everything advanced is turned off , more for begginers , and then a CUSTOM setting where you can customize everything the way you want it . It comes with the AC Adapter and the cable , a Lithium-Ion battery , hand strap , shoulder strap , lens cover , and AV cables which work great ! Another great thing about it is that it is very small and it has a light you can turn on that helps just as good as if you were in a pitch black room and you could n't see and you turned on a flash light . I reccomend this camera to begginners and expirienced people . I LOVE this camera !!
 We had used a decent quality camcorder before our son bought this one . This one has been a pleasant surprise . Although the picture quality might be more like 4 stars , the features that are provided at such a low cost make this a 5 star product . It has all the fundamentals for a beginner and it fits well in medium size and small size hands -LRB- unlike some that require two hands or very large hands or cost five times as much for a small form-factor -RRB- . We had it out of the box in minutes and were recording first videos with it in less than 15 minutes . The price makes it affordable for school kids to have all kinds of fun projects with it .
 ... . Anyway , took this camera ... . on a Disney cruise and impressed by the ease of use , wicked optical zoom , and awesome battery life -LRB- used the camera for 4 days -LRB- even for playback to watch the 30minute tape twice -RRB- and still able to video tape with no recharge.The things I did not like about the camera are :1 -RRB- placement of fade button , and fact that I have to hold the fade , then stop recording -LRB- old Minolta 8mm used to fade when I stopped recording if fade on -RRB- . Fade button only accessible with screen open , so if taping using eyepiece in bright outdoor light , then have to open screen -LRB- shaking camera of course -RRB- to get to fade .2 -RRB- Either have to display date on tape all the time , or not record it on tape at all . Old camera used to have auto date time option that displayed the date and time for about 5 seconds on first recording of the day , and would n't display it again until day changed . Not so with this as far as I can figure .3 -RRB- Eyepiece view kind of small . Have to use this in really bright sun when you ca n't see the LCD screen.This is discontinued and you can get it now for $ $ $ if you can find it . I 'm going to purchase the SCL-860 because it is same camera but newer version with image stabilization , photo mode , and remote control for $ $ $ ...
 My Fiance bought me this camera for christmas and so far I love it . We could n't pay the prices of the nice DV cameras and did n't want to go with a low-end DV camera . This is a great starter camera and I 'm sure will last me until I have a better job and can afford a nice DV camera . The design is intuitive and the camera runs really quiet -LRB- that seems to be a problem w / other cameras -RRB- . I 'd reccomend this camera to anyone who is getting into video . You can always get a video capture card for your PC and digitize your video anyway !! : -RRB-
 I bought this new from sears in 2002 when my first child was born . Here we are three children later and still is are camera . Never have had a single problem with it other than the battery wo n't hold a charge much anymore but it 's five years old . I even bought two new camcorders this year trying to update on technology I bought a Sony and a JVC hard drive model and they both went back the some day ! This samsung took better indoor shots than both the sony and jvc combined ! You think the new ones would have been better but the Samsung took way better inside shots . If samsung ever made a hard drive camcorder with the same recording quality lens as this one I would buy it again . This camera is probably hard to find nowadays but for the price you probably could get it at would really be worth it .
 I ' v had this camcorder for a long time . I believe my parents might have spent $ 250 - $ 300 on it when it first came out . They got it for Christmas for me . . I might have been . . 14 ? -LRB- I 'm 18 now -RRB- I 'll tell you straight up that I never took care of it like I should have . We took it on vacation , I played around the house with it , videotaped my friends skateboarding , videotaped our shanigans and ran from adults with it in hand . I know I 've dropped it , and most of the time it was kept on the floor of my bedroom . I still have it today , and it works just fine . Of coarse it 's not the most high-tech digital peice of equiptment . In fact , this video camera is the only reason I still own my VCR . If you 're looking for something not too expensive , easy to operate , and pretty durable in my opinion , this would be it . I read other reviews saying that other people had problems with parts breaking or certain things not working correctly , but my personal camcorder has never given me problems .
 I just purchased this camcorder used for only $ 80 . It is a great camera for the price . It 's easy to use and the picture is good in quality . I bought it as a gift for my son -LRB- age 7 -RRB- and he can handle it well on his own .
 It is unbelivable price with excellent performance of the camcorder . My 14-years son also nicely manage the operation of the camera so that we can enjoy shooting thro my son & daughter.Operations and quality of Camcorder camera not to ask OR enquire about this and on this new year celegration without hasitate any one can give GIFT to their beloved friends etc in this very resonable price.Enjoy all the time with `` Samsung Ke Sang '' . -LRB- IN HINDI -RRB-
 I wanted to record all the new things my 7 month old son is doing . I 'm also broke . I need a good camcorder without spending a fortune . I looked into eBay and even used camcorders . When I read all the good reviews about this product , I thought I 'll give it a shot.With the first use , our family fell in love with it . For the price , you ca n't beat this deal . The picture quality is a whole lot better than what I expected . This is my 4th Samsung purchase and everyone so far has been a very positive experience . I wish this camcorder has some `` advanced features '' like USB connectivity so that I can download movie clips to a computer . But then again , I did n't have the extra -LSB- money -RSB- to spend . In couple years , I plan to buy a digital camcorder but for now this will suffice.Bottom line : For 1st time buyers , this is a good start . It 's not the best camcorder but definately a good one . It 's worth the money .
 I have a baby on the way and decided to grab a camcorder spur of the moment so that I can have all those cute baby moments recorded ! I did n't have much cash on hand , so I was was pretty skeptical about buying this -- I figured I would buy it and return it within a week ... . But , I absolutely love it ! I have n't had a single problem ! There are a bunch of different features and it 's very simple to set up and use !!! Great camcorder for the money ! Ca n't beat it !
 I was looking for a good camcorder for beginers . This one is perfect . It is not the best camcorder , but a very good one . I gave it 5 stars because the price is cheaper than it should be.It is worth much more than it is .
 I purchased this Cam for gift to a person in a PAL format country . There is no way of testing it in US . This is frustrating . However the Cam looks great except the USB port feature that I found missing but this is great for the money . For myself I have a Sony for 1000 bucks with digital camera . But if I just compare the Cam ... Samsung has far more features for the price . Great camera ... Hope it works great .
 This is a great camcorder for the price.I recently bought one and it works great ... The hi8 feature is what i was looking for and for this price its a very good deal .
 Quisiera saber cuando va a estar disponible este modelo , me interesa saber porque quiero comprar una y esta me parece muy buena opcion , gracias
 Over the years , I have used no other but only HPs for all my printing tasks and relied heavily on their `` layered technology '' printers . The 990cse is my latest printer and I must admit that the print results are as good as any HP printer should be -- the quality of prints -LRB- texts -RRB- are laser-sharp , graphics & pictures printed on plain paper documents are excellent and true-to-life , however , the biggest drawback about this particular model was indeed as we all know by now is the design mechanism . Occasionally , I would encounter a few paper jams here and there and can relate to most previous reviewers ' about envelopes jamming up during printing and ready to feed out ... indeed this is the most frustrating part . Due to the reason , the unit will not get 5 stars because of its design mechanics.PROS : Print quality -LRB- unbelievable laser-like texts -- on any paper type !!! -RRB- Rich colors and true black texts.Print speedInfrared link printing capabilityFull Duplex built in and removable -LRB- Automatic 2-sided printing -RRB- Duty cycle
 After reading all of the bad reviews on here about this printer , I felt it necessary to voice my opinion , although I am not one to write reviews . I have had this printer since Dec. 2000 when it was top of the line from Dell . I have loved it and would n't trade it for the world . It does print slower , but I can always be guaranteed a perfect print everytime . I have printed many different size envelopes , papers and labels and all have come out perfect . I have not had to change the ink cartridges very often -LRB- I change about every 6 months -RRB- and I do alot of b/w copying . This printer is very easy to setup , use , calibrate , clean , monitor ink levels , etc. . I have never had a problem .
 I have had my HP Deskjet 990Cse since 1999 . It is now going on 10 YEARS and is still printing as good as it did on day one ! Yes , It does grab more paper than it should sometimes and jam once in a while , but show me another printer going on 10 years that you use EVERY DAY . I 'll write another review in 2019 !
 A year and a half ago , I purchased everything I needed for my first computer . I did a lot of research and went way wrong with highly recommended Dell computer . But , based on what I could see at the store -LRB- the clerks at CompUSA are not too eager to help -RRB- I bought this printer . It has been the best purchase of my computing experience . Photos are flawless , as is everything else I print with this printer . It seeems to do what it is supposed to and musch more incredibly well .
 I love my PhotoSmart 1215 but was a little discouraged when the driver for XP was not available . The neat thing about this printer is , if you mainly use it to print photos from a memory card , you do n't have to be connected to your PC . Just know which numbers you want to print , enter and off it goes . The quality of my prints has been great . Right now it 's connected to my iMac and is doing splendidly . It 's quite dependable and not expensive . I 'd recommend it highly . *****
 This has been a great printer for me . I regularly print both 4x6 and letter size photos . The quality is outstanding , and the automatic paper sensor is a good feature . I had absolutely no problems with set up . The only improvement would be to print borderless .
 I have had this printer for over a year and I still get compliments almost daily on the gorgeous pictures I can print on this machine ! ... I print fairly heavy quantities of pictures and have had the paper jam maybe once . This is definately worth the money . I have purchased 2 other printers since this one , trying to see if I could get better or quicker pictures . The other two printers have gone to the wayside -LRB- one is now attached to the kids computer -RRB- . There was no comparison in speed or quality ... the HP was by far better ! It even produces awesome picts with remanufactured ink cartrides at a much lower cost . Overall ... great printer ! ...
 I have numerous printers available in my office for different functions . My Photosmart 1215/1218 gets all the work . It 's fast , reliable , great quality and we have not had 1 minute of down time . Also , I purchased the auto-duplex unit that enables the printer to print 2 sided documents . Super easy to use and still very fast ! The printer can be tricky to install , however when I upgraded to Windows XP , XP easily set it up for me . If you do n't have XP , be sure to follow directions carefully . I was so pleased with the printer ; I bought a second for my son to take to college .
 I recieved this printer for Christmas and I have to tell you this is the best printer I have ever used!It took me longer to take it out of the box than it took to set it up . No joke . I find it to print slow but that is not a big deal with me . The print quality is amzing . I have to admit I was extremely skeptical when people told me that the picture quality was as good as pictures from a normal camera.Printers take up lot of think though . I must say the ink is not cheap . I do n't print pictures that often becuase of the ink price . But honestly you could not tell the difference between something printed on this printer and a normal photo . The only possible upgrade I could think for this printer is borderless prints . It looks very cool too but it 's a bit bulky . It is like a computer . It actually asks you questions while you print stuff . Do n't pay 300.00 bucks for it . Buy it off Ebay.com . That is where my family got it . We payed 130.00 dollars for it and that it with shipping . Great deal . It was not refurbished either . It was brand new . Even came with a printer cable too . They have plenty left on there so go get one . One of the best computer purchases of my life . Setup was extremely easy ! You can plug it in via printer cable or usb ! It comes with the usb cord . I am using it via usb . When I plugged it in Windows XP automatically detected it asnd installed it . No software or anything ! Guys buy it!You wo n't regret it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have owned this printer for about a year . It has worked flawlessly printing all types of projects . It works great with my digital camera and works great with my visioneer 8700 scanner . HP was slow to update the drivers to be compatible with Windows XP but so was Visioneer . This printer far excceds the quality of the Epson printer it replaced . I would n't hesitate to buy another HP printer when the time comes .
 I 've had a HP842C for 3 years . On its last leg , I researched what printer -LRB- brands -RRB- to get , including all the HP 's , and found the 1215 as the best buy . A friend told me the only thing good HP does is printers ; do n't know if that 's true , but I am sold on their printers . I print mega digital photos , and the large ink cartridge is what sold me . I also publish a bi-monthly newsletter for my trade association , and my first copy from the 1215 was more than anticipated . I had forgotten what a good printer accomplished . The `` normal '' print selection produced text so crisp and clear ; the color photos were superb . Print speed was quick - just watch out for the flying paper . The printer spits the paper out so quickly , some sheets landed on the floor . I 've remedied that situation . Also had to buy a new 78 color , the print heads were dried up on the cartridge included in the box . Being an older model HP , I was n't surprised nor angry . It 's just one of those things . Overall , very satisfied . So much , I bought a second one !
 This printer is wonderful . The print quality is exceptional , the speed is plenty fast enough and it was exceedingly easy to set up . I get excellent quality prints everytime . If I see a little smudge , I just tell the printer to clean the heads and my prints are once again perfect . We now have two that we purchased from Amazon , and I am trying hard to justify getting another one for my home . The employees that regularly use these printers are extremely satisfied . And the price is amazingly low .
 When printing on HP photo paper , the quality is excellent . Output is very professional .
 I mostly use my printer to print out homework , but when i have a nice picture from my digital camera , i am very glad i bought this printer , seeing how i can just plug the card into the printer and it prints with increadible detail.I took a picture of a famous place in mexico and i had the same one in a travel book , printed it out on this printer , and it looked exactly like the one in the travel book.Scince i upgraded to windows xp , it was pain to update the drivers seeing how you have to download 3 files , but other then that this printer is great ... if there is one thing to complain about it 's the price , but if you can get over that , you can keep this printer for years . Mine is going on 3 this christmas i think . ~ hope this helps
 I purchased the 1215 for two reasons
 I bought this printer because of the reviews it got right here on Amazon . There are so many different kinds of printers and so little time to research . I made a good choice . This printer has a bunch of cool features that I ca n't live without anymore . A great buy .
 Had to run a dual operating system for this . Have Windows 7 and XP for the P 1215 . The Photosmart P 1215 is and older printer that is easier to use than some of the newer printers of ANY brand . Quiet , fast , great quality . With the ogiginal software , setup and templates are a breeze . You start printing in no time .
 I bought this printer when it 1st came out . I never had a problem with it . It prints very nice quality photos . It still works great , except I can no longer use it . The drivers are n't compatible with windows vista . My old desktop with windows xp stopped working .
 I loved this printer - I bought one when it had just come out . I love the way it prints an index - the newer printers do n't include the file name . When my original printer started leaking ink -LRB- after 9 years -RRB- I searched to replace it .
 I have had this printer for about 1 year and I love it ! . I have had no problems with it .
 I 've only had this for a week , but I am very favorably impressed . It prints beautifully , works well with my Epson scanner and is very full featured and convenient .
 This is a good , inexpensive printer.It is easy for me , stillvery gadget illiterate , to install and use .
 Every company has their specialty . Canon has cameras , Sony has audio & video , and HP has the printer market nailed.Now , I will be honest , I have not yet actually bought one of these , but as soon as my next paycheck shows up , it will be mine.My father has an HP DeskJet 722C that he bought years ago . And even though it 's only a 600 x 600 printer , it still makes great photos . That 's why I told my neighbor when he asked me what to get that he should only look at HP . And he did , now he has a 932C that he loves.Now about this printer : The versatility between parallel and USB makes it easy for anyone with an older PC or newer PC/Mac to connect it up . -LRB- Hewlett-Packard 's website does n't say it works with WinXP , but read on ... -RRB- Since I was n't sure whether or not the printer would work with my notebook running Windows XP , I called the people at Best Buy and asked if I could hook up their demo printer to my PC to try it . They said sure , so I did . It worked flawlessy ! I had a photo I had previously downloaded to my PC from a digital camera that I had taken of my cat . I opened Paint Shop Pro 7 , changed the DPI from 72 to 600 , which resized it to about 3 inches . I then blew it back up to 5 inches , which of course then loses quality.I set the printer to it 's highest quality , and clicked `` OK '' to print . From the time I clicked `` OK '' to the time it finished printing was only about 30 seconds . Even on the cheapest paper Best Buy found under a pallet in there store , the image was still excellent . I am convinced and a `` true HP believer '' :-RRB- . I normally would n't give something the highest rating , but HP has gotten me . I will have this printer , that is for sure .
 This fiber optic -LRB- cable -RRB- is paired with StarTech.com 10/100 Fiber to Ethernet Media Converter Multi Mode SC 2 km -LRB- MCM110SC2 -RRB- StarTech.com 10/100 Fiber to Ethernet Media Converter Multi Mode SC 2 km -LRB- MCM110SC2 -RRB- and has no loss of signal , once the bends in the run are expanded .
 The RAM was great . It enhanced my computer , as it will yours , greatly . RAM is one of the easiest things to upgrade in terms of hardware on your computer . The only bad thing is it 's hard to install it when you do n't have it . It took Amazon almost a month to ship it to me because it was n't in stock . You may be better off buying direct from Viking .
 Installed this one in a Dell Dimension 4100 866Mhz Pentium III puter .
 I have had this printer for 13 years now ! It has been fantastic ! It finally died and I am now having a hard time finding a replacement . I see reviews where people are grateful their printer has lasted them 5 years ... well , I want another workhorse that does color and bw just as well as this one .
 I have had this copier for 2 years purchased used . Anyone skeptical of HP products due to bad experiences with one of their PAVILLION desktops -LRB- as I have -RRB- should still be able to conceed that they make durable and economical printers . Printer ink for any of these older HP printers is relatively inexpensive and the cartridges last longer than DELL 's or Epson 's . If you are doing typical office printing , I recommend setting the default to DRAFT mode which is more than adequate for inter-office memos and records . It is darker than draft settings on most other brands , which are often faint , uneven , or illegible . This setting can extend the use of full cartridges to over 1000 pages . The printing is pretty fast at this setting as well . You can decide if draft mode is of suitable quality for clients and outside correspondence . If you still need a scanner/fax go ahead and get one , but leave the daily printing to this little workhorse & you will save money.I have used these deskjet printers -LRB- 832c up to 990c -RRB- and they dont break down or have error issues . I do n't recommend inkjets for photograghs because the ink is not waterproof , but the few times I have printed with heavy ink the image has been crisp and clean . They dont require much disk space for software either.If dinosaurs had been this indestructable they might still be around today .
 The HP940C inkjet printer is designed for the home or office . It comes in a light gray case shaped like other HP printers . It connects to a computer with either an IEEE 1284 parallel cable -LRB- DOS or Windows -RRB- or a USB cable -LRB- Windows 98 , Me , 2000 , XP -RRB- . The black inkjet cartridge is the # 15 , the tricolor inkjet cartridge is the # 78 -LRB- replacing the # 17 tricolor cartridges used in earlier printers -RRB- . This printer works well for the average user . HP has long been the leader in inkjet printing.The paper path is the same U-shaped method used in other HP printers . This minimizes desk space and provides a more compact printer than those that use an oblique paper path . You should connect the cable from the printer to the computer before you apply power to the computer or printer . The power supply is built into the printer and not separate like earlier products . This makes it more difficult to replace if it fails . It is not good practice to keep the printer powered on when not in use ; heat is the enemy of electronics.The Quick Reference Guide has a section on pages 7 to 10 for solving installation problems . Be sure to read the warnings on page 69 about proper care of inkjet cartridges . Leaving them unused for many months may shorten their useful life . New cartridges have a plastic tape over the nozzles to prevent oxidation of the ink . Do not refill print cartridges , this can void the warranty.The Quick Help document has chapters on learning about this printer , printing on paper and other media , printer maintenance , problem solving , and specifications . There are five cartridge status lights to identify a problem . Both printer cartridges are required to operate even if one is empty . The Deskjet Toolbox provides functions like cleaning print cartridges . Print cartridges and the print cartridge cradle can be cleaned manually using distilled water and a clean cotton swab .
 I have had this printer for approximately four years and have had absolutely NO problems with it . It is dependable and reliable . Very efficient . I would recommend it !
 this is a very nice printer for the price , shipping was fast and I am very pleased with it . thanks
 I 've had this printer for almost three years and it 's still kicking butt . It 's probably the 5th printer I 've had and all of the others -LRB- Canon , Epson , Lexmark and HP -RRB- fell apart within a year.I suspect the reason this printer has survived so long it that I bought an extended warranty on it with the expectation that it would soon find it 's way to the dump with it 's predecessors .
 Excellent job for small office or home use . Good resolution and fine prints on paper and photo paper as well .
 I have had this printer for about a year now . It 's been working really well , and i have had NO problems with it so far . It has excellent quality photo printing , and it prints at a decent speed . It 's not terribly fast , but i dont need a fast printer . I have the time to wait . I have read about paper jams that many other people have experienced , but my printer has shown no such problem . So in conclusion , this printer is a good printer to get . Excellent quality printer at a good price . A + +
 I 've had no problems with it yet after about 7-8 months . It 's pretty fast once it starts printing . It takes a few moments to start a print job though . I 'm using the USB connection so it could be my USB controller that 's slow , I do n't know . I 'd buy another HP printer in the future . I just hope HP can make the installation process simpler.Color prints on glossy are not bad but do n't expect them to look exactly like real photographs . Either I bought the wrong model for `` film camera quality '' pictures or ink printers just are n't up to par yet . ...
 I am a high school student , and go through about 2 reems of printer paper each week with all the homework I get . Needless to say , I need a printer that wo n't let me down . Well , the HP Deskjet 940C is what I use . It offers both great print quality and timely execution of tasks . I can choose from 3 different print quality settings -LRB- Draft , Normal , and Best -RRB- , depending on what I 'm printing . This has benefits in of itself . Moreover , it offers an outstanding 1200 dpi when using premium paper.Do yourself a favor if you 're in the market for a new inkjet printer , and go with the HP Deskjet 940C .
 I own a hp 722 that i used with windows 95 . When I purchased a new xp computer I found that HP did not support that printer with new drivers.I purchased a new 940 that came with an xp installation disc and have been very happy with the printer , especially since hp extended their warranty to one year .
 bought this as a replacement printer at work . It 's used daily and never fail . It 's a true workhorse and we love it
 Printer was exactly as I expected , practically new condition and worked perfectly . It was shipped quickly and I am very satisfied . In fact , I just ordered another from Solar . I think it was the last refurbished one they had . Sorry .
 What I like about the HP Deskjet 940c
 I have owned this printer since Christmas -LRB- ' 01 -RRB- and have had nothing but success with it . The print speed is great for text documents . I was also able to print great looking glossy slides for a poster presentation . The print cartridges seem to have a pretty good lifetime , as well . I have n't had any problems with paper jams . It has handled some documents with pretty hefty memory neeeds without locking-up too . Definitely , well worth the cost !
 The HP Deskjet is an oustanding printer for the money ! I 've shopped for weeks checking reviews comparing printing qaulity and price . I could not find a better quality photo printer in it 's price range ! Compare Prices and quality output at any store and you will find the same for yourself ! Contrary to other feedback here , I have had no trouble at all with paper jams . There ofcourse is a drawback to this printer and for this reason only did it not recieve five stars from me , it takes 3 to 5 minutes to print a 2400X1200 dpi photo . For the price you ca n't beat it !!
 Having previously owned an Epson 780 -LRB- wow , what a loud printer -RRB- I decided to go back to HP and I was not dissapointed . Photo print quality -LRB- at 2400x1200 -RRB- is wonderful -- bright , accurate colors with excellent shadow detail . HP 's print driver software allows you to edit colors and levels but this is best done in Photoshop or other photo editing software . Also , it 's very quiet -LRB- a consideration when you 're the only one up late printing -RRB- . I have had no paper misfeeds as I did in older HP printers -- even thick photo stock fed well.Setup was a breeze . Installed the USB software , plugged in the printer , and away I went . All in Windows XP.The printer does use a good deal of ink and HP ink is not cheap , hence the four stars instead of five .
 printing anything on photo paper requires me to take all paper out of the tray and physically push a single piece of photo paper so the printer can grab a hold of it . Otherwise , it ca n't grab it . I ca n't be alone on this , and I do n't know if any printer out there could really do it without grabbing two pieces because they tend to stick together , or not being able to grab it at all -LRB- as is the case most of the time -RRB- . I recently switched to the 960c from a 970cse that burned out after 3 yrs , and they both suffer from the same problem . It 's livable though , especially for the value . Other than that , it prints like a dream . Pictures look great for computer quality .
 I bought this printer two weeks ago and had it up and running within minutes of unpacking . When I first bought this PC I feared the two most commonly documented problems , paper jams and printer driver problems/OS problems , but to date I have not experienced either and the quality is as good as the laser printers I use in the office . The only thing I dislike about this printer is the high cost of replacement cartridges so I am hoping someone will deveolpe a refill kit similiar to the one I used with my old Canon BJC 250 , which worked great ...
 I had a very hard time trying to find a printer that I could afford that printed good quality images . I had an Epson 440 printer that was n't very good with printing photos and it always put streaks of black ink on everything . I went to Staples to buy a new printer after my Epson died on me and was planning on buying the Canon S600 but they were out of stock so I picked up the HP deskjet 940c and was a bit worried after reading the reviews here that I might not have a good printer but so far this printer is great ! The first thing I printed on it was an old photo of my grandfather that came out better than the original . I then printed some wallet size pictures of my son from his school picture they also came out wonderful . I am very pleased with this printer . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it seems to be a bit slow in printing but as long as the printing comes out well that does n't bother me too much . I would definitely recommend this printer .
 After 4 years of heavy use , our trusty b & w ; HP laser printer died and we decided to go for a color printer . Since we recently got a digital camera , photo quality was a must . After much research , we considered buying a Canon , but went to a store to see if we could get any info about photo printing in general . A young man advised us to go for an HP , showing us pictures he 'd taken and printed , and explaining some other points . We did some further research and the main complaint against the 940c was its ' tendency to eat paper.We 've had this printer for 3 weeks , and it did eat paper and printed unevenly until we discovered that a small door on the back , used to clear paper jams , was not fully closed . Going to HP 's website , we learned that the paper guides must be snug and that it works best with stacks of photo paper , rather than 1-2 sheets of photo paper placed on a previous stack of plain paper . We have not had problems with paper feeds since.Overall , this printer is a fantastic value and provides the best bang for the buck you can get . The photo quality is indistinguishable from a ` real ' photo . This , however , is dependent on the quality of the photo , as well as the paper used -LRB- we have had excellent results with HP 's Premium Glossy paper -RRB- . If the focus of the picture is slightly off , the print will look awful . The photos will look only as good as the original pictures . The plain paper text printing is surprisingly good as well , even in draft mode . Also , the print heads are part of the ink cartridges . This means that they are replaced when you replace cartridges and require no cleaning and less maintenance . As we 've discoverd , replacing print heads can be expensive.Pros : * True photo quality * Excellent plain paper text printing * Non-photo printing is fast * Separate color & black ink cartridges * Printing heads are part of ink cartridgesCons : * Photo printing is not that fast , but the quality is worth it * A little bulky , but all inkjets are like that * UPDATE April 2003 * Amazing - it still works like new ! However , we we have covered our printer since day one as we have cats and wanted to keep the printer cat hair-free . This has also kept our printer dust-free , and we think it has made a difference . This printer has easily been amongst the best buys we have ever made .
 This printer came as part of a computer package I ordered from Dell back in 2001 so actually it was free . I hated to let go entirely as the newer models since have n't been as consistent and easy to use . To keep it within reach in case of emergency , my kids currently use it now that I 've upgraded to a 4 in 1 AIO printer . The 940 was easy on the ink carts and printing was fast and of great quality . Sometimes I miss the simple , classic things of my past and this is one of them!I never had paper jams and the desktop printer assistant was easy to use . It came with PC and MAC installation disks and pretty much installed itself!UPDATE AS OF DECEMBER 2005
 I 've had this printer for a year , printed hundreds of cards , photos , orindary pages , etc. . It 's really a top-notch printer . Not completely perfect , mind you -LRB- I had one jam -RRB- , but as near as you could dream of . I 've also owned two different Epson printers , and one low-end Lexmark and found the quality of this one significantly superior . We 're talking superb output , solid construction , good paper management . And economical . I swear I must have printed over 100 pages while the color cartidge was on a low ink level . I like it so much I 'm going to buy a 2nd one for my other computer .
 I have had the 940 C for close to 8 years , it got me thru Graphic design school and at home projects . It saved my life . I used it with an older mac and a new PC and had no problems with it . I think most hardware errors are user error and unless the printer was damaged internally you should have no problem with it . I loved this thing .
 My 940c printer works fine and is quiet , but I was very disappointed to discover that the 2-sided printing feature is not automatic . The odd-numbered pages are printed first and then you have to manually flip the paper over to print the remaining pages . YOU CAN DO THIS WITH ANY PRINTER ! Printing on both sides of a page is a very handy , paper-saving feature , but do n't be fooled into thinking that the 940c , as it comes in the box , can do this automatically . You must purchase a separate `` optional accessory '' .
 Had this over 10 years !! It is the best overall printer I 've owned as far as durability/quality . The printer is too expensive now days even used . I paid $ 150 for this new 10 years ago . You can buy a cheap printer now days for less than $ 60 !! OEM cartridges way too expensive for this printer . Only buy OEM cartrides , refilled ink quality BITES . I always buy expired cartridges now and that saves a lot of money . Great print -LRB- documents -RRB- , not laser quality , but it did an above average job . Just bought another printer the other day for $ 20 and the documents printing is sharper than this printer . This printer rarely jams and if it does jam it is very easy to unjam . Envelopes jam more often . I dislike the ink low warning , it comes way too soon . In reality you have weeks of more printing . I usually wait until the printer will not print anymore , what a scam the low ink indicator !! I really do enjoy this printer especially now that I figured out expired ink works just as well and saves me tons of money . Picture detail is great , but falls short of professional quality even with the HP Premium Plus paper . The glossiness is good but is not even and it will smear . Needs to dry several seconds before touching . The worst thing I ca n't stand about this printer is , it does n't have an automatic shutoff feature . This is the first printer I 've owned without that feature , I ca n't begin to tell you how many times this printer has been left on .
 I have had this printer since 2001 so for 10 years it has been working and has never given me a problem ! Here 's the amazing part
 The Hewlett Packard 940C is one of the best PHOTO QUALITY Printers on the market . It uses the exact same color and black and white cartridges as the more expensive photo quality printers , therefore a higher model is only for luxury not quality . The speed of pages per minute is excellent , as is the color quality . In price it has over time completely held its value .
 The HP 940C gets the job done . Its horizontal paper feed means few if any paper jams . The two cartridges it comes with will work for many , many copies especially if you chosean economy setting for your printing jobs.This baby works flawlessly with my Power Mac G3 .
 I 've had the HP940c for a year now with no problems . The printer installed via USB under Windows XP without a hitch . Photos and text are good quality . I have used multiple pages/page printing and manual duplexing without any hicups . No jams to date . Replacement of catridges is easy . Low cartrides are noted by a dialog box popping up and by lifting the lid to the catridges to see where the cartridges line up with the icons inside the printer . Replacement catridges are expensive , but this printer scored well vs other inkjets in cost/page on PC Magazine 's review . I use a HP Laserjet 1200 for volume printing where color is not critical . Good bang for the buck . To get 5 stars , the printer would need to be faster , hold more paper and cost less for cartridge replacement . You just wo n't get that at this price range .
 ... I have n't been disappointed ! This is simply a great little printer . It 's lightning-fast , very , very quiet , and does n't complain a bit . I have n't had a single paper jam or other problem with it.The 940c has separate cartridges for black and for color , which is really great for someone who primarily prints out black and white documents . Further the print heads are within the cartridges themselves , so no more messing around trying to clean heads . This does mean , however , that one must align the heads every time one takes out or replaces the cartridges ; fortunately , this is a relatively quick process with the included software.Photo quality is allegedly outstanding , but in all honesty , I have n't purchased any photo print paper yet to test this myself , and of course photos printed out on plain paper are completely sub-standard . Color documents look very nice on plain paper , though.Set-up was easy , although I did have a some kind of -LSB- glich -RSB- during the installation process , and could n't print anything other than test pages - no other programs could print . I 'm still not certain what happened , and reinstalling the software immediately took care of the problem . I have n't had any other problems since.Replacement cartridges are assuredly not cheap , in the grand old HP tradition , but for regular home use , this should n't be a huge burden.Overall , I 'm very impressed with this little device , and would unreservedly recommend it for any home user .
 Here 's an update to the review I wrote three months ago . I 'm still very happy with the printer . I have since moved it to a new PC , and downloaded and installed the updated version of the driver , and have had none of the driver problems -LRB- batch printing crashes , slow installation -RRB- that I had on my other PC with the older driver . It installs quickly and runs reliably in both Win98 and WinXP . Ink cartridge use strikes me as about average , compared to what I 'm used to , * provided * that the printer is set in Windows to print in default in Economy mode . PC World , however , in the January 2002 issue and viewable at their website , rated ink costs for this printer on the high side -LRB- six cents per page for text , mode unspecified -RRB- . Ink costs for other printers in their review ranged between two cents and seven cents per page for text . PC World rated its speed as average ; it will feel fast -LRB- with USB and in Economy mode -RRB- to anyone buying a new printer for a reasonably new PC for the first time in at least two years , as I did.I am quite concerned , though , by the numerous reports in other reviews here of people who have had trouble with paper feeding with the 940c . I have had no trouble with that at all in my printer , but the number of problems reported suggest a possible design or quality control problem . This is particularly worrisome given the * much-too-short 90 day * warranty offered by HP .
 This printer is awesome have had mine for over a year and i hate hp !! But this printer ROCKS !!! For all those that say the ink runs out and is too expensive ... BUY THE LARGE INK TANKS ... if your cheap at the counter and buy economy size your getting ripped you can buy the large size and double the ink for minimal extra.The tanks are n't refillable for very good reasons , like print quality . Speed is awesome try to print an 8X10 on a lexmark and you will find out that the lexmark is left behind and not as pretty.I 'm an IT pro so i get to deal with trouble printers all the time and this one i NEVER see . The next best printer to this would be an epson.in the end the people who complain about this printer are probably trying to be cheap and save a buck by buying junk ink , or the economy taks and NON decent paper hence paper jams etc.Throw some nice injet paper or even standard xerox paper in it and get nice text ... throw in some HP photo paper and get BEAUTIFUL photos up to 8X10 . Closing words ... VERY NICE !!
 What we wanted at a great price ! Item shipped quickly with free freight . We hope to be able to find more deals like this for our printer . Thanks !
 My users go thru these about once a month , price is reasonable & the quality is very good . would reccomend
 While shopping for a new printer , I knew that image quality was very important to me . After reading some reviews of this printer , I learned that some people had problems with tram lines appearing on photo paper . That is a problem I have yet to see , and thus far I have been completely satisfied with this printer . The automatic paper type sensor is annoying at times , but it does what it is supposed to do . Also , having a `` print cancel '' button is something someone should have thought of about ten years ago , when printers were more prone to spit out random ASCII characters , but it is still a nice thing to have now.My only caveat about this product is the high price of ink , where a regular-sized black ink cartridge can cost -LSB- a lot -RSB- , and a color one even more . I am willing to pay that since my last printer died because I had been using generic ink cartridges , but think about long-run costs if you plan on doing a lot of printing with this printer .
 ... ~ ~ ~ ~ * * * * ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ When I was shopping for a new printer , I purposely looked for an HP . The Epson I was replacing had given me headaches from the start , with every thing from loading paper , to big lines across printed images . I had had good luck before with an HP series 500 DeskWriter that I used with my Mac . ~ ~ The first sign was not promising . I got an e-mail 1 day after my purchase notifying me of a safety recall . I could have screamed . But , as I read more carefully , I saw that all I had to do was see if the power cord was made by a certain subcontractor , and if so , get a free replacement.When I got the printer , yes , it was the faulty type , but I ordered the free replacement online and got it quickly . ~ ~ Since then , everything has been smooth sailing . Set up was very easy . Loading the software onto Windows 98 was easy . -LRB- I do n't usually even try , I have my brother do it , but this looked like something I could handle myself -RRB- . Loading paper was easy . Praise the Lord ; no more paper jams ! ~ ~ The disadvantage is that the printer is slow . Even just black and white text documents , and even using just draft quality . The advantage is that the print Quality is great . Even at normal , text documents are crisp and clear . Choosing `` best '' quality is great for sharp text on transparencies . But where it is really counts for me is on my cherished edited photographs . They are excellent quality.I definitely recommend this printer enthusiastically * * * * , unless you need fast print jobs.It 's Outstanding for crisp , clear documents , and beautiful graphics , but it wo n't win any races .
 I 've had this printer for nearly five years , and it 's outstanding for printing text and general purpose printing , including envelopes . I 've read some reviews of people having problems with paper feeds and envelopes , but I have n't had one problem yet . This printer has probably spit out about 10,000 pages , and I 'm yet to have a problem , other than expensive ink.I 'm really into photography , and I do not use this printer for that - I have a much more advanced printer for that purpose . It 's fair to note that HP has a very good track record with photo printers , however . But , this printer has a three color cartridge , so it 's not really well suited for printing more than the occasional print.Overall , this is a great printer that I 'd recommend you pick up used if you are looking for a printer to run lots of text through . -LRB- I do n't believe it 's available new anymore . -RRB- It takes the widely available HP 45 Black and HP 78 color cartridges . One drawback - the ink is a bit on the pricey side - upward of $ 30 for the black , and slightly more for the color cartridge . I 've tried using generic cartridges , and the print comes out jagged and not readable , so you 're better off sticking with the genuine HP cartridges.HP has lived up to it 's well-earned reputation of making solid printers with my HP 960 . I wo n't replace it for printing out text until it dies , and then it will probably be another HP .
 This printer worked like a champion . I retired it for a 2230 and later for a cp1700 . I made countless prints off it . Never had it fail me , misfeed or so much as tell me no . I bought the duplexer and loved that thing too ! I wish I had one for this CP1700 . The ink prices and refilling the carts are the only complant I have . But it is what it is . All desktop printers are designed to make there bosses money . When you buy a printer you are buying a subscription to ink . Though compared to everything else on the market in it 's class the 960 is the champion . If I had to estimate the page count I put on that little machine I 'd have to say about 12,000 pages in color over a 1 year period , at least 1,000 pages per month . Most everything I print is full page color . It sucks that HP does n't make them like the 900 series anymore .
 I have had this printer for several years and use it alot . It 's fine for general purpose printing . It is slow , but I am able to print out more than 200 meeting notices every month , labels , some photos and there have been few problems . In all these years I think I have had three or four jams , easily fixed . The photos are not the highest quality , but they are more than just OK . I may replace this printer for an all-in-one that scans and photocopies . But for regular color printing , there 's nothing wrong with this one , other than it is slow .
 I agree with most of the reviews . I bought the big battery , and found that it lasts long enough for a weekend trip without recharging . Operation is simple , and fairly self explanatory . Downloading stills -LRB- via USB -RRB- and video -LRB- via IEEE -RRB- is a snap . Bundled software is adequate . This is a great product all around , and I have only a few minor gripes .1 . The one thing that people have not mentioned so far is the `` color night mode '' feature is a little misleading . This is NOT the infrared NiteShot found on the Sony products which uses a built-in infrared headlight to take video in total darkness . The disadvantage to this is that the captured video is an eerie green , and you need to be fairly close to the subject . The Canon feature , on the other hand , is simply a very low shutter speed . This allows you to capture video in color , but it is rather grainy and your subject -LRB- and your hand -RRB- needs to be very still to prevent blurring . It also requires some ambient light . Again , this is not a big deal .2 . The hum everyone talks about . It is a little noticeable during long silences . The internal mic picks up on vibrations from the motor . Just about every recording device with a built-in mic has this problem . Use a wireless external mic if you are a fanatic .3 . Still image quality is pretty poor , but I do n't use it very often .4 . FYI , Photo mode -LRB- records 5 seconds of still image to video tape -RRB- is handy , but it continues to record audio !
 I love this camcorder . First of all , I am going to start this review by telling you about the biggest concern I had when I bought this camera . Many people say that there was a lot of motor hum , this may be the case when the room is TOTALLY silent , however an external mic fixes this . ALL MINIDV CAMERAS HAVE THIS PROBLEM !! People complain that the mic adds extra size , but if you want to spend the same amount of money on a digital 8 , with less resolution , much bigger , and heavier , than get a Mic for your MiniDV , then you have some problems . However since I usually overlap music onto my videos , its not such a big probelm for me . The size is great -LRB- any bigger and it would n't be comfortable , and any smaller it would be difficult to hold -RRB- . I had -LSB- another -RSB- Camera and then returned for only one reason , it was heavy and big -LRB- it cut off circulation in my hand when I was filming , and would have to take it out every 5 minutes or it would become numb -RRB- . The picture quality is pretty much the same as all other minidv 's which are better than digital 8 's but not enough to make a big difference . Pretty much , this is a good camera at a great price . If you want a MiniDV , go with this no doubt , however if you have hi 8 or 8mm tapes you should probably go with a digital 8 . They are pretty good for the price , but big and bulky .
 I love this camcorder . First of all , I am going to start this review by telling you about the biggest concern I had when I bought this camera . Many people say that there was a lot of motor hum , this may be the case when the room is TOTALLY silent , however an external mic fixes this . ALL MINIDV CAMERAS HAVE THIS PROBLEM !! People complain that the mic adds extra size , but if you want to spend the same amount of money on a digital 8 , with less resolution , much bigger , and heavier , than get a Mic for your MiniDV , then you have some problems . However since I usually overlap music onto my videos , its not such a big probelm for me . The size is great -LRB- any bigger and it would n't be comfortable , and any smaller it would be difficult to hold -RRB- . I had the Sony TRV-340 Digital 8 Camera and then returned for only one reason , it was heavy and big -LRB- it cut off circulation in my hand when I was filming , and would have to take it out every 5 minutes or it would become numb -RRB- . The picture quality is pretty much the same as all other minidv 's which are better than digital 8 's but not enough to make a big difference . Pretty much , this is a good camera at a great price . If you want a MiniDV , go with this no doubt , however if you have hi 8 or 8mm tapes you should probably go with a digital 8 . They are pretty good for the price , but big and bulky .
 Wow , was my first word when I opened it up . It is so small . I have not had a chance to explore all its functions yet , but so far it works great and gives high quality video . The picture function is also a great plus . This camcorder is well priced for what it offers
 this looks like the product i would love to buy . all the free items that come with it make it a complete system .
 The good
 After an extensive market review , I decided to buy this one . Recording quality is excellent when you have appropriate light conditions , and it works ok with poor light . Excellent zoom , and very good stabilization features . The digital still camera feature takes average pictures -LRB- 640 * 480 -RRB- , good enough if you are just sending them to friends/family and the software included is quite easy to use . In order to download your movies , you must have a firewire connection in your PC . Consider to buy an extra battery.The major problem I found is the fact that the microphone records the camera noises , making your movies have an annoying background sound . This is really unacceptable if you want to have good quality audio . If you are concerned about the sound , I would suggest you either to try another camcorder or wait until Canon fix this model or release a new one . Or , if you have the expertise -LRB- I do n't have it -RRB- edit the film with your PC .
 I got this camcorder for a few reasons . First , Consumer Reports loved it in their 2002 buying guide , and second , the size and capabilities.The zoom lens on this is incredible , but obviously should n't be moved too quickly if you are zoomed in on something . I took it to an airshow and was able to zoom in on things other people were missing , and the digital recording allowed us to clearly pick out details when we paused a recording that were surprisingly sharp . The camera is easy to use , and having the LCD screen and onboard speaker is heplful when playing back.The still camera will do the job , but it is n't as sharp as a normal digital camera , although the memory card in this camcorder is separate -LRB- the newer , smaller type -RRB- from the tapes used to record the movies . Also , the lower resolution still images can be stored in greater numbers , though , with an estimated 300 pictures possible on my 36 MB card.The included software , USB cables , and cables to attach the camera to the VCR/TV are all easy to use , and I have had no problems . Those folks who have seen my videos thus far have been very impressed , and I have been very happy .
 Just got the zr45 and am amazed at the quality of the video . My kids just had a talent show in a large auditorium and we had seats in the very back of the room -LRB- about 23 rows back -RRB- . It was dark except for the stage lights , but the zoom worked great . I was worried that it only looked good on the LCD screen , but when we hooked it up to the TV for playback , the quality was sharp .
 First off , this is my first digital camcorder/camera . I purchased this camera only 3 days ago and I 'm already having too much fun with downloading pictures to and from the cam . It 's capable of doing all this -LRB- and pretty easy I may add -RRB- to do all this even if you 're a first timer . It comes with a CD with the necessary software and also a manual on how to install the software and how to use it for downloading/uploading pix . Very easy and informative . The MMC card can take as many as 100 pictures at a time , so it 's more than enough for me.As for the quality of the camcorder for `` regular filming '' , I 'm impressed . It has 7 or 8 different settings for different filming situations such as `` sports '' , `` portrait '' , `` night mode '' , and others . Also , the buttons in this camera do n't look as intimidating as some of the others I 've seen/used . All buttons are nicely placed on the camera and I have no problems with any of them . Plus , this camera is pretty small for this price . The only ones that I 've seen that are this small -LRB- or smaller -RRB- are the ones in the -LSB- price range -RSB- -LRB- and above -RRB- range . I got this one for -LSB- price -RSB- , and I 'm more than happy with it 's $ ize ; - -RRB- So far , I think I 'll be enjoying this camera for a long time . I 'm very happy with it and I recommend this for anyone who is just getting into digital cams/camera . It has more than enough features for someone who is just getting into the world of digital camcorders/cameras . The quality of the pictures are not excellent , but I think it 's nice enough to even impress some people . I highly recommend this cam/camera ...
 .1 -RRB- Solution from Canon 's online tech supt website
 I love this camcorder . First of all , I am going to start this review by telling you about the biggest concern I had when I bought this camera . Many people say that there was a lot of motor hum , this may be the case when the room is TOTALLY silent , however an external mic fixes this . ALL MINIDV CAMERAS HAVE THIS PROBLEM !! People complain that the mic adds extra size , but if you want to spend the same amount of money on a digital 8 , with less resolution , much bigger , and heavier , than get a Mic for your MiniDV , then you have some problems . However since I usually overlap music onto my videos , its not such a big probelm for me . The size is great -LRB- any bigger and it would n't be comfortable , and any smaller it would be difficult to hold -RRB- . I had the Sony TRV-340 Digital 8 Camera and then returned for only one reason , it was heavy and big -LRB- it cut off circulation in my hand when I was filming , and would have to take it out every 5 minutes or it would become numb -RRB- . The picture quality is pretty much the same as all other minidv 's which are better than digital 8 's but not enough to make a big difference . Pretty much , this is a good camera at a great price . If you want a MiniDV , go with this no doubt , however if you have hi 8 or 8mm tapes you should probably go with a digital 8 . They are pretty good for the price , but big and bulky .
 So many of the reviews I 've read about this camera complained about motor noise . After purchasing this camera and using it in mulitiple settings , I have n't had a bad experience . While there is indeed a small level of motor noise , I found that using the Wind Screen shooting mode reduced what little noise there was to nearly 0 detectable db . If you 're an amateur home movie maker , the features and ease of use make this camera well worth the money .
 I am a first-time camcorder buyer , so I 've been researching these for the past couple months . I had my choices narrowed down to the Canon ZR45 and the Sony TRV18 . The Canon was smaller , lighter , cheaper , and fit better in my hand than the Sony . Canon wins , right ? Well , the one thing that bothered me was reading the reviews about the ` motor whine ' during playback . I knew this is one thing that would really bother me . Well , since we are taking a trip to Mexico in a few weeks I had to make my choice . I went ahead and took my chances with the Canon . I went to -LSB- ... -RSB- to select a highly rated -LRB- and cheap -RRB- online seller . I ended up buying from -LSB- ... -RSB- and had the camcorder within a week . After a few weeks of use , I am extremly happy with my decision . It is very easy to use , and best of all , the motor whine is a non-issue . Yeah , it 's there when watching recordings in quiet settings , but I do n't really notice it . As a test , I never mentioned the noise to my wife prior to buying the camcorder . I wanted to see if she would notice it not having not previously known about it . Well , she 's probably used it more than I have over the past couple weeks and has n't mentioned a word about the motor noise . Maybe some units are worse than others , but I 'm not sure I would even have noticed it either if I would n't have read the reviews talking about it . I 'm definitely glad I made the purchase . One recommendation - buy an extra battery . The one that comes with the camcorder only lasts about 45 minutes using the LCD . I bought a Lenmar LIC-511 that gives you about 2 hours .
 I bought this camera a few months ago and can only say it has met all my expectations . The quality of the video a normal person can shoot with this little gem is unbelievable . The only option I would change if I could do it over would be to purchase a wide angle lens . If you are lucky enough to have Windows XP loaded on your computer then you are all set . Add a Firewire Card to your PC , plug the camera into the card and you are ready . XP recognizes the camera and a few clicks of the mouse later you are cutting and editing like a pro . Other than this I would consider a DVD burner . It makes distributing the finished product easier as I found getting the edited video onto normal tape was a little complex .
 I have been in the photography business for 9 years and i must say this is the best digital camcorder -LRB- thats small -RRB- ever.I suggest anyone who wants it should get one .
 one thing to watch out for , when using the zoom button , dont just let it go after you zoom , or it will click and the noise will be recorded . however , if you edit and can dub different audio then it wont matter . that said , we love the camera.ive been thinking about an off board mic for sterio audio , , just for fun . but since this camera is kinda old now , finding extra parts is kinda tough . when we bought it , they were just comming out and then everything was available , but now , several years later , , , well they arent . ebay or maybe canon outlet in the usa.in fact i just bid on a remote for it , we lost the other one . man , they come in handy.id probly also want a clear over lense to protect the main lense from grit and crud . cheaper to get a new cover than new lense .
 - Excellent little camcorder.-Very impressed with its features.-Easy to transfer your moviesto a computer.I do not regret spending my moneyon it .
 Well , I 'm going to have to bunk on the previous reviewer . I love my ZR45MC and have for about 10 years . Have not noticed the humm mentioned , however , will admit sound pretty much stinks ; internal mic picks up too much background noise . That said , picture quality is fab . I use mine mostly for scenics , not talking heads , so a music track takes care of the noise . Interface with my Mac is on a kindergarten level . Plug it into the computer , the software starts and the computer asks if you want to download clips.Today I am looking for an external mic to see if I can solve the noise issue . Otherwise , ca n't think of a reason to get a different camera .
 This was my first digital camera , and I absolutely love it . Still going strong after 4 years . I 've used it on trips , to record concerts , and just general fun . It 's incredibly easy to use.The complaints I have are geared towards the fact that it 's outdated . What once was sleek and smaller than the competition is now big and bulky . It 's also slow to load up ... meaning you may miss a shot turning on the camera . The battery is so-so , but to fix this just carry around spares.The good have so far outweighed the bad ... fast/easy transfer of video & images to a computer . I can use it as a temporary webcam . I also use it for quick digital pictures -LRB- but the quality is n't that great -RRB- . The battery and memory are easy enough to replace if needed -LRB- I have n't needed to yet -RRB- . The zoom is amazing!It 's overall versatile , and I 'll keep using it until it dies -LRB- no signs of it so far -RRB- .
 This is one great camcorder ! I know because I have one , but have lost the software when traveling . Would anyone know how I can get the software ? Called Canon , it 's discontinued . Searched the Web , nothing ! Help !
 I purchased this camcorder last week through ebay and got a super deal on it . -LRB- $ 225 -RRB- Before I bought this camera , I read reviews from others here that said there was a loud humming sound . I have been using this camera for a week now , already recording 3 mini DV tapes and have noticed NO humming sound . Maybe it works differently for others ' cameras , but mine is fine . I do have wind reduction turned on , maybe this is making the microphone not pick up the sound.This camera is so small also ! It is the size of my hand , and it weighs so little that one could carry it and not be bothered by it . The optical zoom is also very great -- 18x ! That is much more than I could find on other camcorders that were priced similarly . Also , the controls for this camcorder are very easy to understand , and very well organized . The menu scroll , -LRB- what one uses most for pulling up menus and selecting -RRB- is located in convenient reach of the thumb for easy access . There are also cables to easily connect the camera directly to the TV.I think this camera is a great purchase , and I would n't hesitate buying another if I needed to .
 This is my first digital camcorder . As a first timer its very easy to use which I liked most . without the tape i hooked to my Sony VIAO PC and within 10 minutes I made a small movie . the setup is so easy . to transfer the video I used IEEE port which comes in Sony VIAO and the Movie Shaker software.the quality is awesome but the quality of the digital still pictures are not excellent , but its ok . for starters and home movie makers its more than enough in a single camcorder
 All these complaints about hum . We have recorded hours of video and have yet to hear any noise that was n't on our old sony camcorder . The video quality is super crisp , sound is great and still photo is great providing that you do n't increase the size of your pictures . But we use a olympus 460 for stills so we do n't use the still shot mode . Overall this camera is a great choice for digital vdeo and will be with us for some time to come . Do n't think twice about getting one , you wo n't be sorry .
 I 'm completely happy with every function of this great little gizmo . Performs seamlessly with iMovie . Great image quality , easy to use.If it came in a left-handed model , I 'd give it 6 stars .
 We decided on the zr45 because of the value period . We purchased the Sony DVR18 and were not impressed by the color the first couple of times we played back the taped movie . We even tried a different tape in the Sony to no avail . We took the Sony back to the store and even the salesman was surprised that the Sony 's performance was subpar . After looking around the store my wife really like the smaller size and ergonomics of the Cannon . It is also much easier to operate in my opinion . The Sony is feature laden , but sometimes that just make the operation that more difficult . The honest salesman said that we would never use some of the options on the Sony that we were paying extra for . We chose the Cannon and have not been happier . Not to mention the $ $ $ cheaper price .
 Canon did it 's homework with this camera . There are endless perks to spicing up your video recordings . Everything is very easily accessible . The buttons are no problem for my fat fingers . Any buyer would be very impressed with this setup and completely satisfied with the video quality.However if you are buying the ZR45MC for the option of digital picture taking , forget it . The photo quality is very low even on the `` fine '' setting . I could n't believe how granulated a 4 X 6 inch photo gets . I 'm still stuck with carrying both a video and photo camera .
 This is a very easy to use camera with excellent video . Read the reviews and did not hear any humming noise when operating and the low light pictures were very good . The still pictures are good for the internet but are not good enough quality to use as a regular camera .
 Was torn between this and the Sony - went for the Canon because it 's more Mac friendly and a little less expensive . The `` buzz '' noise is only heard when replaying video in the camcorder . I 've downloaded it and do n't hear it from my computer . I 've also copied video back to the tape and played back on the camcorder and the noise is not there . Have n't used all the features yet , but for our needs it 's great and so small ! I 'd definitely recommend it !
 This camcorder is good enough for me except for one thing
 This is a good DV cam and also can be used as a video capture card . I do n't need a video capture card for my computer anymore -LRB- a good one cost $ 200 -RRB- . I use this to convert my old 8mm and VCR tape to NTSC AV and then burn to CD-Rom in VCD format . Good way to archive old 8mm tape . Plan to burn the Star War trilogy next . To convert to Mpeg and burn as VCD , I use the Ulead Video Studio trial version . Waiting for the free Artsoft Showbiz -LRB- a rebate when I bought this cam -RRB-
 I have read a lot of reviews and concluded that I 'll give this camcroder a try . I was not really afraid of the motor whining but on the low-light performance much really . Anyway after I bought I did a couple of trial shootage in various lighting conditions and I was satisfied . After it got dark i did a trial under low-light in-house and it was satisfying to me . Because the shutter speed slows you do not have the luxury of moving the camcorder fast but this is a fact of optics not a camcorder flaw or anything . Motor whining is a problem but not a big deal really . If it is buy a mic . With the size of the cam , price i do n't think this would be major problem . This is my humble opinion .
 We are very pleased with this camera and have not had any of the problems with camera noise being recorded on the tape that other people have mentioned in their reviews here . I have n't noticed any particularly loud sounds from the camera at all . It takes excellent pictures and movies . Obviously , the better the lighting where you are shooting , the better the picture quality but this is just common sense . I have compared the picture quality to other brands owned by family and friends and find it comparable , if not better than some . Highly recommend the camera .
 I ordered three of these adapters and all are working well as expected after 2 weeks . The voltage output was accurate and all three worked in their applications . As other reviewers have noted , the Belkin name is not on the device and this is a generic as far as I can tell . I think the ad should say `` This is a replacement for the Belkin ... '' Also , the appearance is slightly different than the picture in Amazon 's ad . Would I buy these again ? ... YES
 Needed a low-cost 12v DC supply to drive computer-type cooling fans SilverStone Suscool 121 -LRB- SST-SUSCOOL121 -RRB- Ultra Quiet Case Fan with Automatic Thermal Control -LRB- 9 Blades -RRB- - 120mmin a TV equipment cabinet . The supply does the job , as do the fans , ... quite , runs cool ... been in use for a couple of months now ... runs 4 hours a day .
 Spill a coke ? Fun with markers and crayons when your not looking ? No problem . Just wipe it off , roll it up and stuff it away . That 's what they are made for.Just buy a new Mac ? Well , that 's when I had a problem , just one week out of the box -LRB- and relieved I had n't gotten the $ 3000 laptop instead ! -RRB- Then I discovered Apple 's etheral looking , clear keyboard housing does not come apart for cleaning like I was used to with PC keyboards - And keyboards fully integrated with Apple 's programming -LRB- xtra usb ports , cmd key etc -RRB- were not only scarce , but what I did find locally , was priced at the highest retail markup possible . -LRB- no wonder all mac shopping is online . -RRB- So , now I 'd call them `` insurance '' . I thought at one time they were called ` indestructable keyboards ' - but I do n't remember where I heard that . Besides , they seem to fit with the mac tradition of being unusual , ` spaceage-like ' and unexpected by being immersible and flexible.They do n't have the crisp click of the usual keyboard , but they are far above the alternative `` skins '' for keyboards . I thought they were originally produced for high volume use , such as call centers , which could be why , looking at Adesso 's website , they seem to have cut back producing them . I guess my hope for a cordless one will never happen -LRB- except in India ? -RRB- . I 've always expected someone would have a need to do something more creative with them eventually.I 'm give them 4 stars for doing just what they say they do and for saving me from getting a skin for my keyboard .
 It 's different than what I imagined . First the keys were really hard to use , but now they seem to be loosening up and work better . Overall it was what i was looking for , but not the same model I had seen somewhere else .
 The keyboard is silent and easy to clean . I never realized how mny food crums i drop onto my keyboard ! It does not have mount , however , and the keys are somewhat hard to type with . If your hands are in the wrong position , your wrists will hurt because you have to press down harder than for a normal keyboard . The mount problem is easily solved . You can make one with cardboard and the box that it comes in . The pressure on the wrists can be made better by postioning the hands parallel to the elbows . Typing is stll a little wierd though , I have been making many typos . It has only been a week or so , so i may just not be that used to the keyboard . I would say it is a pretty good keyboard for all the perks it comes with . Do n't know if is worth 24 bucks , though .
 Very easy to install and works seamlessly with my old Windows 98SE PC . Kingston is a good brand to get for this price . Has lifetime warranty . Even though it is 168 pin and fits as it should within the RAM slot , the `` vertical dimension '' is a bit bigger than the pieces in my other two RAM slots . It could cause a little bit of trouble in , say , getting past the wires . Installation is seamless otherwise . PC picked it up rightaway on the next reboot , and applications -LRB- including Internet Explorer -RRB- are starting up much faster now .
 I had a memory issue with a commercial product that had been down for several months . I did n't know the problem for the longest time , but when I found out all I did was plug this in and all my problems were solved .
 This memory is easy to install and works great !
 I LOVE THE HANGING FILE SLEEVES , BUT THIS PARTICULAR CASE DOES N'T COME WITH ENOUGH TO FILL IT . I SAW A SIMILAR CASE -LRB- SAME SIZE AND BRAND -RRB- IN A DEPT. STORE AND IT CONTAINED ENOUGH SLEEVES FOR 200 CD 'S . WHEN I BOUGHT THIS ONE FROM AMAZON , I DID N'T REALIZE IT CAME WITH ONLY 25 SLEEVES . I COULD N'T FIND THE SLEEVES IN ANY STORES BUT FOUND YOU CAN GET THEM FROM THE ATLANTIC WEB SITE FOR THE COST OF S&H WHICH IS ABOUT $ 7.50 . I WISH I HAD PICKED UP THE ONE I SAW IN THE STORE INSTEAD OF GOING THROUGH THE HASSLE OF TRYING TO FIND EXTRA SLEEVES AND PAYING FOR THEM . ALSO , THE CASE DOES N'T SEEM AS STURDY AS I 'D EXPECTED .
 Worked fine on my Soyo PIII motherboard -LRB- #SY -6 VBA 133 -RRB- with a VIA Apollo Pro 133 chipset , but only after moved to DIMM slot # 1 from # 3
 I disconnected my computer , opened it up and plugged in the memory . I reconnected my computer and turned it on and the memory was automatically configured . It works fine - what more can I say ? Well I 'll tell you - do n't worry about the CL2 and CL3 ratings , like I did . I did a little research and CL3 is just fine -LRB- like this memory -RRB- . Unless you are a computer geek and want to make settings in your BIOS for CL2 -LRB- which is more expensive , but a little faster -RRB- CL3 is the standard for PC 133 SDRAM and comes standerd on most computers that use PC 133 and will work fine .
 Needed some good quality RAM to add to my system for making Home movies with my Digital Videocamera and DVD burner -LRB- all bought at Amazon -RRB- . Installed it in my system without a hitch . Tried some other brands before and system would n't recognise it , etc. . . with this , I just turned my system off , plugged the DIMM in , and switched the computer on ... it immediately recognised the module and I was in business ... great price at Amazon also ... with prompt shipping and good packaging on their part .
 As the product title states , I purchased this for a customer 's Dell Dimension L733R . She needed to upgrade the RAM a bit , and the system would only accept a total of 512 MB -LRB- 256 MB per slot -RRB- . The upgrade went perfectly . Installed the memory , powered up the box , and the memory was detected right away . I love it when upgrades are so effortless ... they should ALL be that easy .
 This memory works great ! There were no problems , I installed it , then it was immediately recognized , the computer is stable and runs faster !
 Price was unbelievably low . Had factory seal on package . Installed and ran memtest for 24hrs with no issues . Would buy from this vendor again .
 Got this item quickly and in good condition , installed it without trouble and it has worked flawlessly since the installation . Not much more you could hope for .
 I chose the product from this seller because of their excellent rating and I was not disappointed . The seller contacted me immediately to let me know the product I ordered was not in stock and requested additional information to match me with a different product . They checked and did n't have one to fit , and immediately credited my account . Excellent customer service - one of the reasons I always shop Amazon !
 The only problem I had is that I could n't cancel my order right away , as soon as it was ordered , that was it !!! The company did help me though and I was able to return it easily .
 Works great . Just snap it into the slot and turn on my pc . In a few seconds I was up and running and my pc working much faster that before
 This was all it was advertised to be . This upgraded the memory on the computer and it runs faster and more efficiently now .
 I needed to upgrade from 128 MB to 512 MB . The memory got to my home through UPS -LRB- plus a dog bone for my dog -RRB- within about 5 days . Installed easily once I figured out where HP had the memory on the motherboard -LRB- behind the drive chassis ! -RRB- . Everything is working like a champ . Excellent buy and compatibility for an upgrade .
 Based on Kinston branded D328SM-75 chips , rated CL3 but runs stable CL2@133 MHz on a ECS K7S5AL.Doesn ' t get hot , chips on one side only -LRB- 256 Mbit chips -RRB- . +5 from me .
 all i did was plug it in and reboot and the memory was recognized . works like a charm
 It increased my computer speed and application loading and running
 I bought this printer for my son 's new computer which runs XP . No problem loading the software , no paper jams , no problems at all . For -LSB- the money -RSB- including the USB cable . I am still using an HP Deskjet 540 that I bought with my Packard Bell Pentium 75mHz over 6 - 8 years ago . The PB is gone , but the HP lives on and on and on . That 's says a lot . New print heads with each cartridge I think is the way to go . Will use 825 mostly for text , but having printed a photo , it compares fairly well with my Epson 780 with glossy paper .
 This printer has not caused my any troubles to this date . It 's a quality little printer , as all HP products tend to be . The quality is good , but not great . This is an ideal printer for the casual user at home or office . The connection is USB , so the setup was easy . This printer also works well on my home network . If you need a good quality printer at a good price , the deskjet 825c would be an excellent choice .
 Still going strong after 10 years , amazing ! We use it often and at times very heavily . Have been using generic ink from Amazon for years with no problems and this thing never has a paper jam . Hope my next one does as well .
 this printer holds up well for normal , everyday use -- i mostly use it for academic work , and its held up well for the past 2 years -LRB- paper jams have been rare -RRB- . color printing with the hp 825c is n't the best quality , but digital pictures come out moderately well on photo quality paper -- i 've framed photos printed by the hp 825c and , unless they 're looking closely , people have n't really noticed any difference from my regularly developed photos . overall , the hp 825c is a decent printer , well-priced for student use .
 2 printers have worked interchangeably with 2 Dell W2000 Pro notebooks . No problems , great quality , despite being lugged around from hotel to hotel like portables . Prompt deliver , dirt cheap .
 I had to sleep on this on various trips , etc. , and it is a great bed!I am 6 ' 4 &#34; and weight ~ 245lbs . This had adequate room for the length of my body and gave me great support.Unlike other airbeds I 've used in the past , this one holds air really well . As in , I 've been testing this out for a month and have n't had to top-off the air yet.Tip
 The bed is fairly comfortable and very convenient with the air pump already build in . After some time , it does lose air , but overall it is a good bed for the price .
 This item is great . It works as it should and is very comfortable . I saved hundreds on buying this bed as well . THANK YOU SO MUCH Amazon ...
 My kids have overnight guests pretty frequently and this thing is sooooo easy ! Also nice for movie nights when the kids want to lay in front of the TV to watch . It 's as tall as the seat of the couch so those who are n't laying on it can use it for a foot prop in front of the couch . There 's plenty of room so it 's easy to share a little foot room with the one reclining on it . Pumps up fast and easy . Harder to get all the air out of it to store but so worth the money we paid on sale !
 I love how high it gets - I have bad knees and have trouble getting up from a position where my knees are bent more than 90 degrees - and it is so easy to set up
 I bought two of these airbeds for house guest and they love them !!! Real comfortable and they stay fully inflated 3-4 days before you have to add air .
 I bought this bed for use on an outdoor trip , and it was much more than I hoped for . It is about two feet high , and it fits a twin sheet well . I was a little worried about the `` pillow '' feature because I like my own pillow , but it really was n't as high as the picture shows , and did not disturb me in the slightest . I had it blown up continuously for three days , and it never leaked . Also , it was extremely comfortable , and I am picky about where I sleep . I slept better on this than I have on many hotel beds . I definitely recommend it .
 Best airbed I ever slept on . Slept on it for 3 weeks and had absolutely no back problems . And I do have back problems . I would recommend it to anyone . In fact this is the second one . Took one to Paris when we visited our daughter . Left it so she could take it to Milan when visiting a friend and her parents .
 Speedy shipment ! Air mattress works great and is more comfortable than previous air mattresses I 've owned .
 Although not purchased to be used often , I needed an airbed for three nights . This one fit the bill . Not only economical , but the built-in pump made it easier to pack and carry with us . We actually fought over who slept on it ... very comfortable . It inflated/deflated very quickly and only needed a little more air pumped in it one time . It was a good investment .
 I highly recommend the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump . It is impossible to over-praise this product . It is very comfortable and easy to inflate . The built-in pillow feature is a fantastic innovation . You can expect an excellent nap or night 's sleep using this airbed , which is also very sturdy and well-constructed . A great airbed at a great price !!
 I have had it for 4 months and it has held up well . Very firm and supportive and so simple to inflate . The extra height makes it easy to get into and out of bed . Will likely buy another for backup .
 I am on my 5th airbed in 4 months ... -LRB- my puppy was tearing them up -RRB- this one is the best one by far . It feels like a real bed and it holds the air . I am always in the bed and it is super comfortable and I love it . The only issue I had was it took a long time to ship it other then that I had no issues . .
 I had been sleeping on a couch for two months since I moved into an apartment . I do n't drive myself , and I do n't want to bother my friends for a ride to the store to get a mattress , I decided to get an airbed/air mattress . I work over 50 hours every week at a busy fast food restaurant and I was in need of something comfortable to sleep on.This airbed has been helping me sleep better . I do n't feel tired in the morning . It does n't deflate although as the product description suggests it seems to need to be re-inflated on occasion -LRB- the vinyl relaxes over time -RRB- . When one of my friends let me borrow her air mattress , it deflated every night and I got sick of re-inflating it after a long day at work , or before one . So , I 'm very , very satisfied with the quality -LRB- and value -RRB- of this airbed.I had thought of buying a mattress eventually while I was waiting for this product to arrive , but I might as well keep using this because it is so durable .
 The mattress appears to be durable with good build quality . The air pump inflates it quickly and effortlessly . It is moderately comfortable to sleep on . Obviously , you do not expect an air mattress to compare to a real mattress . I have now used it a couple weeks in a row , and it seems to remain inflated at a consistent level . It is very convenient to have the air pump built in , and it does not impact comfort at all . Also , it has a compartment next to the pump to store the power cord . It 's totally self-contained , which I appreciate . The price was lower than most others I compared . I think it 's a great value .
 I love this air mattress ! Very easy to set up and put away and very comfy to sleep on . I have slept on other air mattresses before and this is by far the best one I have ever slept on . The soft top makes it so you do n't feel like you 're sticking to it , but I put a blanket over it anyway for extra comfort . I have been recommending this one to all of my friends , I 'm very happy with it !
 Bought two of these with fingers crossed they would work together as a King . The airbeds are actually King length , though slightly wider together . Bought a mattress pad to make them really comfortable . They 're easy to set up AND to take down . Turn large knob to the Right , turn on the pump , and inflate to desired firmness . To take down , turn knob to the Left , turn on the pump , and it deflates automatically and fully . Fold , place into included bag , and put away until next time . My daughter and son-in-law slept on these and were really comfortable , especially since they could adjust each mattress to the firmness they like best .
 AFTER OWNING AND USEING FOR SEVERAL MONTHS , I CAN ONLY EXPRESS EXTREME PLEASURE WITH THE MATTRESS . VERY EASY TO INFLATE . VERY EASY TO REPACK . VERY COMFORTABLE TO SLEEP ON . I HAVE THREE OF THESE BEDS AND HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS AT ALL . VERY WELL MADE PRODUCT . THANK YOU !!
 My son has been sleeping on this bed every night for over 6 months . I have marvelled at not only the comfort but the durability of the bed . It rarely needs air , and we have not experienced the same leak issues as the previous reviewer . I do n't know if we just got lucky , but we 've been very happy with the bed .
 I love this air mattress . It inflates quickly and is super comfortable . I just wish I had NOT bought the raised one . If you move around too much or get too close to the edge , you feel like you 're going to roll right off of it . I think it 's because of the high center of gravity or something . But , overall , highly recommended ! BONUS - Unlike most things , you CAN actually fit this back into the bag once you 're done with it !
 We bought this to have around when we have more guests than extra beds and also for one of the kids when we travel . This is much more comfortable than a fold-out couch or a sleeping bag on the floor . The built-in 120 volt inflation pump w / stowable cord is great . The instructions state inflates in about 2 minutes . We timed it , it does it in less . A cinch to use . Just plug it in , turn the dial to close the air valve and turn the switch on . Turn it off when it is at the desired firmness , unplug and stow the cord in the built in compartment . Goodnight!The top has a flocking material on it . Twin sheets will fit no problem . Fairly heavy duty vinyl . Should last a long time with care . The only negative I see is that the carry/storage sack -LRB- included -RRB- is a little bit too small if you fold the mattress the way the manufacturer recommends for storage.I also recommend the seller . Item was listed as `` like new '' and it was . Shipping was fast and reasonable , also .
 We ordered an Intex raised twin size airbed on June 20th , arrived on June 22nd and company started sleeping on it that night ! Perfect transaction ! Company slept on the bed 3 nights , after the second night he asked about buying one . He has lots of trouble sleeping at home but had managed to sleep through the night on the Intex Airbed that night.I do have some suggestions for preparing an airbed for company . My husband and I have slept on airbeds on numerous occasions and have learned several things that make them much more comfortable.Blow the bed up firm but not too full . Unless you have major back problems , the bed is much more comfortable with just a little less air.Top airbed with a foam pad , does n't need to be memory foam just a cheap pad , and then cover with a quilted mattress pad and fitted sheet . The extra padding makes the airbed very comfortable , similar to a regular mattress.If the bed is going to be placed on tile or linoleum flooring put something under it , an old sheet , tarp , whatever , just something to keep the plastic from squeaking when the person rolls over . Especially important if there are other people sleeping in the same room.We are very pleased with the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in-Electric Pump which we purchased from Amazon . Good value , great product and a nice replacement for our old non-raised airbeds .
 I got lucky with the 2 twin pillow rest raised airbeds . They came without any defective . I ordered around Christmas since my 2 little nieces came and spent a week with me after Christmas . They used to share the full size fulton . In order for more open space for them to play , I have reorganized our spared bedroom and I need 2 twin beds . My nieces really enjoyed their own beds and so my 2 dogs , the 2 dogs weighed about 70 lbs each . The girls love the 2 mutts and the 2 mutts adore the 2 girls . They are the best budies . Each girl shared the airbed with a dog and switching between the 2 mutts . The airbeds seem hold them well . No leaking so far . I love the quick and convenience serving purposes of the airbed . And the price for the quality is very nice as well . I especially love the built-in-pump of the Intex raised-airbed . It 's well designed so it 's not bulky and it 's right there so you do n't have to look for it when you need it . I 've own 1 of the queen size Swiss airbed . It have a slow leek and the seperated-included-pump is ok but not ideal as the built-in-pump . I ordered an Areo -LRB- ? -RRB- airbed once , the built-in pump so bulky to have the fitted sheet over , and the 1 I got had a very bad leek so I had to return it . Well , overall , I found the design and quality for these Intex raised-airbed are excellent . I wish they have the built-in-pump for the not raised-airbed . I 'm looking to replace my Swiss-Queen airbed . One suggestion though , these airbeds -LRB- in general -RRB- need some built-in handles for easy hanlding -LRB- as what all mattreses have . -RRB-
 This very easy to set up air bed provided me with 10 days of excellent sleep . Left it behind at the Manhattan apartment until the next time . I would buy it again . It even survived some jumping by 5 & 7 year olds .
 Love the built in air-pump . Airs up quickly and easily . Seems a little narrower than a twin mattress , but very comfortable .
 The air bed was absolutely easy to use and inflated in less than a minute . I use it as a temp bed and only had add air maybe once a week , if that . COMFORTABLE !! It has a tight seal , strong bonded seems , and does well with fitted sheets . I recommend a foam pad for extra added comfort . Definitely worth every dollar !!!
 We had nine family members staying with us over the Labor Day holidays , and needed additional beds that did n't take up a whole room . These `` beds in a bag ' were perfect and the kids -LRB- older ones -RRB- slept comfortably on them . Easy to inflate and deflate when done to get out of the way each day to use the room they were in . Wonderful and economical for unexpected overnight guests . Worked pretty well with single or twin bed sheets .
 Great product . As advertised . I sleep so much better now . It has a Hilton built in pump . Scoop nice and easy to fill and empty . My predictive text is messing up . But you can see I am happy with the purchase .
 I found the bed to be exactly as advertised . It is quite comfortable , easy to set up and take down . I feel it is a real bargain for the money . Easy to store , too .
 My children and I always have a use for an extra bed . This bed is durable and makes it fast and easy to set up
 I was impressed with my Intelbed . It was very comfy , and was a snap to blow up , and to deflate . I would reccomend this product . I always have fine service from Amazon , with very speedy delivery .
 bought this for when i stay over friends or families houses . really comfortable bed has yet to deflate on me no punctures yet even though i lightly abuse it . only problem is the electric pump when turned on sometimes make a really horrible sound like there is something obstructing the airway and have to turn it off and kind off stretch and pull the plastic away from the side that 's inside the air pump
 Easy setup and it holds air reliably . I 've been sleeping on it for almost 3 months and have no complaints . I like the extra height and the internal AC cord beats a battery operated airbed hands down , unless you 're camping obviously . It will release some air though I 'd say that 's normal as opposed to something that just does n't hold air and goes flat ; so once in a while I add some air to keep it firm . I bought a similar bed at a retailer -LRB- out of immediate need -RRB- and the price was more than twice this one , for no discernable difference in quality if there 's any difference at all . This has earned my recommendation and I would buy here if I had to do it again .
 The bed blew up really quick and no one complained about sleeping on it . It was on saleand I think this was the best value for my money . The bed easy to take down and store . . I hope it last a few more times ...
 I was going to be having guests in the Spring and Summer - just a few . So I had an extra room , my office , but it is kind of small , so I went looking for a twin air bed that would fit my budget and sleep them as comfortably as an air mattress could . I got the right mix in this Intex airbed.I was kinda nervous when my first guest arrived , I watched as he set it up and it inflated very quickly . He took a seat on it and said he thought it would be OK . I took the plunge and laid down on the mattress - it did feel kinda like a water bed -LRB- without the squishy water noise -RRB- . After his first night , he said he slept comfortable and all through the night . I thought that was a good sign , of course , I could n't tell if he was just being polite . He continued to report that he slept well on this air mattress , so as he was preparing to leave , I asked him to leave the air mattress inflated , that I would take care of it after he left . Well , I really wanted to sleep on it after he had left . So after washing the sheets , I laid down that night for a test drive of this mattress . I was surprised how well I did sleep - I did have some sleep disturbances , but nothing that I did n't fall right back asleep from . It certainly is n't my regular mattress , but it is definitely something that will work for the short term.I 've had several house guests since the first to sleep on this Intex air mattress , and each has reported that they have gotten good rest on this mattress . That is exactly what I was hoping for in this price range air mattress - it keeps my guests relatively comfortable and did n't break the bank .
 I 've used this mattress three times in the last week , since I 've moved out of state and had to sleep in a house with no furniture . Except for losing a small amount of air overnight , I was very pleased . It was very comfortable to sleep on and inflated and deflated seemlessly . And , with a little effort , I actually got it back in the bag it came in ! I would definitely recommend this product .
 Ordered with amazon lightning deal so happy with price . Smells strongly of plastic but hopefully that 'll fade with time . Most disappointing was the deflate function -- the air intake on the pump gets covered by the vinyl of the mattress which makes it next to impossible to deflate completely . Otherwise I 'm very satisfied with the purchase . Shipping came thru FedEx which was annoying since they would n't leave the package without me home as opposed to the usual shipping I get thru UPS who does n't create as many problems for me .
 I recently purchased an Intex air bed , since I already had owned one previously so I knew what i was buying.it has been nearly a month since the purchase , and I am very happy with it . It is very comfortable , and easy to move around the room . I use it as my bed because it is better than a regular mattress . It was also at an affordable price .
 This is a great airbed . The pump fills the airbed in under 2 minutes and deflates the airbed in the same amount of time . The deflated airbed easily fits into the storage sack and once packed away , the size equals less than the size of a rolled normal sized sleeping bag . Twin sheets fit well and my wife and I have both slept on it now , and it is comfortable for a temporary solution . We have family coming to stay with us for a few weeks and this will help accommodate our guests . If you are skeptical like I was when purchasing this item , do n't be .
 Only two nights of use , but keeping its air after a week of being inflated . A fitted sheet , twin size , with deep sides , fit well . I suspect if I were going to use this for a while I 'd add a mattress pad , just to provide a little more air circulation between the air mattress and the sleeping person , but other than that , I have no quibbles .
 First airbed I received had a leak , sent it back and got the next one within 4 days . Super convenient to have the built in electric pump and super fast to inflate . Takes a bit of an effort to deflate , but that is expected for pretty much any airbed .
 A very nice twin bed to have around for ONE visitor . It is narrow , but that makes it convenient if your guest bedroom is small . It is a very comfortable temporary accomodation . Good price makes it even more convenient .
 This was a quality product ! I 've used it on a several occasions and it inflates quickly and is comfortable ! I bought two .
 The set up was easy . However , the bed lost some air during the night . Not sure if it was because the weather was cold .
 I needed additional sleeping space during a recent visit from a friend . I chose to sleep on the airbed myself and found it to be very comfortable . I had four good nights of sleep on this product . It inflates in minutes and is easy to pack away . It did have to have a little additional air at the beginning of each night but that was minor . I would reccomend this product to anyone needing comfort on a sleepover , camping trip , or just for an extra bed when company comes .
 I read some reviews about this bed that were n't to favorable , but I bought it anyway.I am glad I did this thing is great ! We pumped it up a month ago and it is still inflated , and my son who is 23 sleeps on it every night . It has taken the rush out of getting a new bed for him . very happy with this purchase ...
 I needed this for visitors and it has worked out very well - very comfortable and easy to put up - the reviews that i read before i purchased were right on target
 I love this bed . It stays firm and it is easy to pull into the livingroom to watch my big tv.It does n't go flat like the other 2 I purchased at a Department store for $ 21.00 . and booth of them have leaks in only 2 months . Ive had this bed -LRB- Intex -RRB- for 6 mo. now . I would advice everyone to get one
 Bought this for my summer cottage for extra guests . Very comfortable . Great size and built in Air Pump made it a breeze to inflate . The Velour top was also a great plus . Would reccommend highly .
 We had guests that used it last weekend . They said it felt like a real bed . I was so suprised on how quickly it inflated and deflated . The cord hides away in a handy compartment . It keeps its air pressure . No need to carry around a separate pump . Our dog wanted to adopt it as her own bed . The dog jumped on it and tested it toughness . It passed with flying colors .
 Without a doubt , this is the best airbed I 've ever purchased . An entire month of being heavily used and it is still serving its purpose and full of air . Not very typical when it comes to airbeds.I recommend this airbed to any individual/family looking to make a great investment .
 I got this for my brother 's visit since I needed a extra bed cheap . He said it was fine to sleep in once he set the pressure to his liking . A good value for a spare bed .
 I am very happy and pleased with this product . It is a very sturdy air mattress and was received quickly . It is easy to use !
 I ordered two of these for guests -LRB- children -RRB- . I was fully expecting them to be a one use deal but they are still going strong ! I am very pleased with them and would recommend them to anyone . For the price , you generally do n't get the automatic pump . Love them - with free shipping , it was n't even worth driving down the road to Walmart !
 I bought this bed , for my niece who was visiting . The bed was so simple to put air in it , took about 3 minutes or less and very comfortable , did not have to put more air in it the whole weekend . It was much better than the Aerobed , and cost less . I have been through three of them , which didnt last past two years . It was well worth the purchase , will buy another one . Fast shipping too .
 I purchased a twin size Intex pillow airbed and was so impressed with the quality that I ordered a second . It was easy to inflate , held it 's firmness , was VERY easy to take down and easily stored . Now when my granddaughters come to visit , they have their own bed and great pajama parties .
 Inflation & exflation are automatic -LRB- need the AC outlet -RRB- and pretty comfortable for an extra bed . You can adjust its firmness by putting more/less air . My sister was using it while her week-long stay , she said it was very comfortable . My husband is also very happy about the purchase , now we do n't have to worry to have extra guest . Highly recommended !
 I bought this air mattress because I was going to be having several different visitors in the next couple months . I 've asked every person who has stayed with me if the mattress was comfortable and they all said that they got good night sleeps . It is also so quick and easy to inflate and deflate . The only question is trying to get the mattress back in the bag for storage . All in all for the money it was def . worth it and I 'm glad I purchased them .
 I 've owned 2 beds for over 2 years now and both beds have held up extremely well considering the amount of constant use they 've had . One of beds I actually sleep on daily -LRB- more comfortable than my regular bed -RRB- . I had it over 2 years before one of the inner baffels gave way a few weeks ago . I immediatly ordered another bed without hesitation . Very comfortable and super easy to use , with the built in pump , it 's a snap to set up and deflate . Love this bed !!
 I highly recommend this item , and it 's a great price with Amazon Prime.My son uses this whenever he sleeps over . He loves it , says that it 's like sleeping on a cloud . With the electric pump , which is attached , it inflates and deflates super fast . It also folds up into a rather small rectangle , and it comes with a canvas bag for store .
 We bought three of these airbeds . They 're comfortable and very easy to put up and take down . The built-in electric pump makes them very convenient .
 I found this air bed to be perfect for 1 person . The ease in filling , the height , all exceptional!I would reccomend this bed to anyone .
 Great self inflating bed . Very comfy too . Inflates and deflates fast as well.Easy to set up . My 8 yr old did it in a couple of minutes . Def recommend this item !!!
 I have bought 3 air beds over the years . The firt two developed leaks in a short time . I was always patching them . This is a good one . It leaks down a little over a few days but I weigh 260 pounds . It has an inflator so it take a few seconds to firm it up . I also like its height . It is much easier to lay down on than the 6 inch high verions . So far I 'm sold on it and would buy another if I needed a second .
 very happy with this electric pump inflatable airbed - understandable directions - very easy to inflate with electric pump - confortable to lie on especially withheadrest - easy to store with its own bag - I 'm entirely satisfied with thisproduct from Amazon
 Purchased this bed for the Hershey car show to have a comfortable extra bed in the hotel room and this product did not disappoint . Quality product - easy to inflate and deflate and worth every cent I paid for it !!!!!
 I researched blow up beds for days before purchasing . I wanted something to fit in a smaller room , so I chose the twin size . I wanted a bed that had electric built in pump and a bed that was higher off the ground . I accomplished these three goals . It was so easy to inflate and only took a couple of minutes . The noise is the same as any other blow up bed . My boyfriend slept on it and he 's 5 foot and 5 inches and 220lbs . Length wise it was good , if he was a few inches taller he would not have fit . The bed did loose some air the first night , not enough that he was on the floor , but enough that he could tell . In the morning he just flipped the switch and inflated more air . The second night he did seem to hold air better . All in all it is a good bed for the price . I am happy with the purchase .
 It fills up really fast and is a sweet bed . Best Airbed ever !!!! A must buy item ... . Fast shipping as well = -RRB-
 I am very satisfied with my purchase . I received at my door within the promissed time frame . I reccommend this pruduct to anyone traveling or who has limited storage space . The built in pump is very helpful .
 I bought this for an overnighter at a rustic cabin . . it inflated easily and slept comfortably . . it was a cold night and due to the change in temperature the airbed did lose a little of the stability but not enough for it to recieve anything but a 5 star rating . I plan on using it for an extra bed when my granson visits , I really think he will love it . . Deflation was easy I just could n't get it as tightly folded as the factory but it did fit in the carry bag that came with it and stores easily .
 I have slept on this mattress for 6 nights while visiting a friend with a one bedroom apartment . I am 6 ' 1 '' and 220 lbs . the mattress inflated quickly and gave me a good nights sleep .
 This is my 4th one ! I purchased 2 for grandma 's house and one for sleepovers at ours . I like the fact that it is double height and has a built in pump . It makes it so easy to inflate and deflate at the turn of a knob . It is pretty durable as it was purchased for my 9 year old and his sleep over buddies . The downside was that one of the beds got a hole in it from rough housing and I could not locate where it was leaking in order to patch it . Hence , the need to purchase bed number four . Inflates and deflates quickly and is surprisingly comfortable . The price was great particularly as shipping was free . One of the better ones out there . I definitely think there is a market for custom air mattress bedding that is fitted so that the covers do not ride up or slide off . . hmmmm .
 I got this for guests to use in our small spare room . Inflating it was quick and easy since it has a built-in pump
 I was little apprehensive before buying an airbed thinking how it would be . But this turned out real nice one . It does n't need you to call U-haul when you move out . It does n't require much space to carry it with you anywhere you go . Its also really easy to inflate with the electronic pump and even easier to deflate naturally . After you get used to the `` airbed '' , it feels like a normal bed . It offers a great option for people who do n't want a hassle of carrying mattress and other accessories along with the trouble of carrying them.It also does n't require you to carry your pillow . The top surface is velvet like thing that is so soft , you could do w/o a bed sheet also.go for it , if you need one .
 Ordered 2 for a vacation trip for the kids . They worked great . Easy set up and break down . Kids loved the bed and say it 's comfortable . Price is very reasonable compared to other air beds that do n't last and it 's nice to be up higher off the ground .
 I have not completely set this item up yet , but thus far looks like a great mattress for extra sleeping accommodations . Is for my college-age son via family visits ...
 We were notified quite late in the week that we would be having some unexpected visitors for the week-end . I went online and ordered this mattress . I received it very quickly -LRB- in time for our visitors -RRB- and the person who slept on it loved it ! In fact , she is going to order one for herself .
 Have needed an extra bed for ex wife who visits 3 times a month and snores like a moose . This item is the perfect solution as it allows me to put her in front of the t v , close my bedroom door and go to sleep . While I sleep she normally raids the ice box , devours the ice cream , and enjoys an occasional half box of cookies . What do I care ? She is still the best house cleaner / cook , and all around fun person to have around . Thanks for reading.Just kidding . It 's for my personal comfort when I go fishing and use my pick up bed as a bed .
 This is a very good air mattress . I like the fact that it is up off of the ground like a mattress and box springs . I also like the bag that came with it to keep it in when not in use .
 I ordered this air mattress because I have a bad back and was getting another procedure done and needed a place to recover . We already have a Queen-size air mattress but have space limitations so this was a perfect fit in more ways than one . As always , the customer service with Amazon was wonderful and they got it to me in time , and now I sleep on this air mattress more than my real bed ! It is comfortable and actually helps when my back is acting up and it is the only place that I am able to find relief . So thank you for a great product , and I highly recommend it to anyone . The air stays in and it is easy to inflate and deflate . The price is also great as well . I can think of many reasons why this would be a purchase that is more than worth it for people of all ages -LRB- I am in my forties -RRB- .
 This is well worth the price . I 've used it for about a month , and have not had any problems with it .
 I purchased these as extra beds in my parents Rental . They look great and are not too big for storing . Very nice that they are off the ground , easy to get off and on to . Blow up is simple , quick and quiet . I have n't slept on one yet but have high hopes .
 A GREAT Purchase ! Worked well to have my daughter move into an apartment in DC and be able to sleep for the first few weeks ! Great to have friends visit too !
 This bed worked great for when I had company over . I needed something that was easy and compact so I can store it when it 's not needed . I like having the pump built in because there 's no chasing the thing around when you need to use the bed again .
 I bought this air bed for a temporary bed . It inflates very quickly , has firmness control and is very comfortable . I was pleased with the fast shipping and am very happy with the purchase .
 Best buy for the money that I found . Have n't used yet but have inflated & no apparent leaks . Believe it will be fine for the occassional guest . Have a queen Aero Bed and if we were expecting to use the single bed frequently I would have bought a twin size Aero Bed . We both sleep on Select Comfort air beds so we like air beds .
 My Husband loves the air mattress very sturdy for a man of his size . Good price .
 Bought this for my Grandson to sleep on when the family came to visit over Christmas . It is wonderful ... super easy to inflate -LRB- and deflate -RRB- nicely raised off the floor and he said it was very comfortable . Grandma scored a home run on this one !
 I sleep on this until I got a real mattress . Great for allergies . Will keep it in the car in case I spend the night at the kids house .
 My daughter loved sleeping on this blow up bed . It 's a great idea if you need xtra guest beds , It only takes minutes to inflate and deflate . . the built-in pump works great . I was so happy that it did n't lose air after two weeks of use . i just hope it wo n't deflate easily just like the other airbed we have .
 I ordered 2 of these for our Christmas guests . We have been using them for the past 5 nights . So far , so good . The beds go up and down quickly , Their height is higher than &#34; other &#34; brand air beds on the market . The price is much better . And , the beds are perfectly comfortable .
 It is very comfortable and easy to use . The only thing they could improve on is the storage bag . It should be larger . It is difficult to put is back in the bag .
 We always have lots of grandchildren around and they are getting older so this bed comes in handy . Because it is raised up it is easier for me to put sheets on . So glad I tried it .
 Inflates fast . Nice shape when inflated stores well . Guest are getting a good nights rest . Would reorder if we need more .
 This airbed is well worth the price - the twin size makes it easy to travel with when you are just looking for one extra bed but it 's plenty big enough to sleep comfortably -LRB- and indeed it is comfortable to sleep on -RRB- . The material is not too noisy if you toss and turn at night . It inflates and deflates quickly and quietly and the built-in pump is so convenient . I 'm completely satisfied with this product .
 Great for a travel bed , My grandson loves it . He stated very comfortable and warm . He also stated he loved the built - in pillow .
 Is comfortable to sleep on , it fills up fast and easy . Only thing really do n't like is the rubber smell it has when u first open it but little by little it goes away . I recommend it 100 % .
 I liked this , my guests said it was comfortable . It stayed inflated for the 7 days of guests and no one complained about it .
 Great item except it does n't come with a cordless system . but like that the air pump is built in the matress .
 THis prodcut worked as described . I bought it so that three people did not have to share a bed in a hotel . I had no issues sleeping on it and thought it was a great solution to the problem .
 I 've had this for 3 months now and it gets used about once a week and so far has held up well . So easy to use and takes no time at all . I would recommend this product .
 For the price you 've got a fast self inflating bed that is very comfortable and portable . The integrated air pump makes it a bit bigger once folded but then again , it 's smaller than having a mandatory separate pump . Only real complain would be that can be colder than a normal bed , but with enough covering you wo n't even notice .
 This is a second identical mattress that I bought in a couple of years . I used the first mattress for several weeks in a row twice in the past . I left it at a diferent place and decided to get another one for myself , and now bought another one as a temporary solution . So much for the temporary solution that I have found that I sleep on it better than on a $ 2K Stearns and Foster ! Well , this is the second months that I sleep on it and I am not thinking of moving back to a large mattress ...
 This was so simple to use , both inflating and deflating . It is also quick to use , no waiting . It stores easily in it 's bag .
 I gave this to a friend who visits his mother and large family every few weeks , but has to sleep on a couch near the front door , so there 's lots of noise and it 's uncomfortable . It 's very hard to get sustained sleep there , and he has health issues , so this is a big problem . This air mattress solved the problem wonderfully . He says it 's so comfortable , and easy to inflate and deflate . I am going to buy the queen size for my apartment for when company comes . Anyone who lives in NYC knows that you get tons of company , who see your apartment as a great solution to visiting NYC without having to pay the crazy expensive hotel rates here . Great product , great price .
 This bed was bought after realizing that the Queen size air mattress I bought from the same company was a pile of crap . This mattress was only intended to be temporary , but it survived for probably a good six months with only a small leak being sprung toward the end of the six months . For four out of those six months , it was shared with my girlfriend because we could n't afford anything else . Yeah , it was awkward , but the little thing held up . The only reason I stopped using it was because I finally got the money to afford a real mattress , so we 've moved on . But this mattress will forever be used as a spare guest bed ... perfect height , only a very minor leak , and once you get used to it ... very comfortable .
 This mattress was perfect for my guest who stayed with me for a short period of time . VERY convenient to use , automatically inflates & deflates . LOVE IT !
 This airbed is exactly what I 've been longing for . It has a built in motor and is twice the height of the first two airbeds that I had . To me , it 's also worth the price . It 's also very firm and comfortable !
 Item received in excellent condition.Airbed was very simple to inflate , and was very comfortable.This bed was very convenient , in that it is being used in a one room boarding house .
 Always having guests over at our house and always need an extra bed . This bed is amazing . It is extremely comfortable and does not have that air mattress feel that make you wake up sea sick . My favorite feature on this mattress is the built in air pump . You plug the mattress into the wall and in 2 minutes you have a fully blown up air mattress ready to go . No more fiddling around with those pumps that you need 3 hands to operate . The built in pillow is also very comfortable . The one thing that isnt that great but still doable is the folding up process .
 excellent product . Just what we needed for our visiting grandkids . Very easy to inflate and deflate . the only problem we encountered was after we deflated the beds , we had some difficulty in managing to get it compact enough to fit inside the accompanying storage bag . Ian N
 Well so far we are satisfied . It is easy to inflate with a very convenient built in pump , which so far actually works . My daughter says it is very comfortable , and , so far , it surprisingly is n't losing air . Some do and require frequent inflations.I would highly recommend it , and for the price , it is a very good purchase.As they suggested , it is n't meant to be inflated and deflated constantly , so we try to keep it inflated , cause my daughters use it for sleepovers , and their friends love it .
 This airbed inflates easily and is a very firm airbed.It has it 's own electric pump and will either inflate or deflate the bed.Very simple to use.The bed also inflates and deflates fairly quickly .
 Great air mattress at a good price . Fills quickly with an integrated pump -LRB- no looking for a pump that 's been separated -RRB- . THe extra height is very nice . We have other queen air mattresses , but needed a twin and this was perfect .
 This is the most comfortable air bed I 've ever owned.Its 18 inches tall , including the pillow part , so you can keep it less than fully inflated , which is the best way to do it since the bed then conforms nicely to your body.The built in air pump is easy and fast.I think its a best buy at even a higher price .
 I purchased this to use at a friends house for three weeks ... I had to refill it every three or four days , but it was n't terrible . It also survived two cats who viewed it as their personal kneading toy - but I did have four or five layers on top because I knew that would happen . I 'd happily buy again .
 I purchased the Intex airbed to replace an Aerobed that our cats `` loved '' too much during a guest visit . Comfort wise , the Intex wins hands down-supportive yet comfortable as well . Convenience wise , it inflates a little slower than our old Aerobed -LRB- albeit , there is more to inflate -RRB- yet it takes up less room when rolled and stored in the sack that comes with it . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it is VERY high , so a restless sleeper can fall off pretty easily .
 So far so good ... holds the air and prefect for a sleep over at aunties 's house!Easy set up , built in pupmp , easy put away ... nice carrying bag also.So far worth the money , Thank you .
 I looked at several airbeds before buying this one . I looked at several name brands , I was not familiar with Intex so I checked the reviews and am glad I did . Fast delivery , easy set up -LRB- a must for me -RRB- and a very sturdy product . We are completely satisfied with this bed . The built in pump is easy to use and works perfectly . We bought the twin due to space but intend to buy a larger bed to have on hand .
 I use this bed when I 'm scaling back on my size of camping , I usually use the Queen Size . Nothing better than a double stacked air bed for spleeping on .
 I looked around before buying an airbed . Saw many options and compare . Many different comments that confused me . But decided to buy this one due to the price and the electric pump . Excellente product , inflates in just 2-3 minutes and last all night long . Easy to store in the morning . 5 star product .
 This bed is great . We will use it on all sorts of occasions , but we bought it for a teen sleepover . First of all , it couldnt be easier to inflate , taking maybe two minutes to fully inflate . It is smartly designed and sits a little higher off the ground than the average air bed , which is nice . Also , it is just as easy to deflate and I LOVE the bag that it comes with , making it quite easy to transport . We just sent it over to be used at an after Prom sleepover , for this reason ! So far , everyone has said that it was comfortable to sleep on and they liked the soft pillow top .
 Fast Blow-up , Easy to handle , Comfortable , Not too big & not too small - great for Guests . Only 4 out of 5 because it looses about 15 % of the air originally put in within 2 days . I still recommend this product to anybody !
 Got this bed for a 3 night camping trip , and it was PERFECT !! I was then envy of everyone ! While others were waiting for their turn with the air pump , I had inflated mine and was relaxing ! While others tossed and turned because their mattresses were leaking and getting soft , I slept like a baby ! The height of this bed was very good , and easy on my back . I was also able to get it firm enough to not have back problems in the morning . I have not noticed any hint of leakage , but even if it leaked , or died tomorrow , it was well worth the $ 37.00 to get these 3 nights of good sleep ! I would definitely buy again , and recommend !
 Hi , I Purchased this bed a month ago and i really like it for the price of just 40 $ . I would really recommend to anyone who is looking for a cheap bed . It is comfortable and nice . If you do n't want to buy a twin or full bed then only think of buying this one . If i had the option of getting a real bed then i would have bought one but its too much costly for getting one in Chicago downtown so i thought of trying Intex AirBed first . Its works perfectly fine . Right now Air comes out of bed but its not much so its fine . I have to refill every 3-4 days depending on how i use it . I would definitely recommend for those who wants to save money and have a good bed . It is for college students and also for kids . I do n't recommend it for Adults above 35 and specially seniors as they wo n't find it comfortable . Thats It ... Hope you like the One you buy :-RRB- !!!
 I am very happy with this mattres , however , the measurements are not what is said on the box.The width is only 35 ' , not 40 ' . The length is 78 ' , not 80 ' . Other than that I love it .
 The Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump is a amazing purchase comparing price and quality .
 it is very good in cleaning but the drain pipe is not made of good material in the sense that you ca n't fold it well so it will give problem as water spread everywhere otherwise it cleaned the clothes very well .
 These are only meant for use as temporary or guest bedding , but I 've been in a situation where I am using this item daily as my bed for over a month now . I am a large person . It has held up beautifully . I add air maybe once every 7-10 days . The flocked top is great , holding sheets in place . It is so comfortable , my back and general body pain has improved dramatically since using it ! I suspect that when my permanent bed arrives , this little bed will serve long and well as guest bedding .
 I have three of these mattresses . They are much longer lasting and more sturdy than other brands I have purchased . They are very comfortable.I highly recommend this product .
 I love this airbed ! It is so easy to inflate and deflate ! We bought it for my 6 year old for sleep overs and works great . We are going to take it on vacation with us so we do n't have to rent a cot.It is very comfy and soft with it 's velour cover . I would recommend it to anyone !
 Ordered this bed in December , as a full time bed for me to sleep on . I was VERY satisfied , this bed is GREAT ! It is just as good as one of those adjustable beds you see for three times the price . Up by the built in pillow -LRB- which is worthless , but thats no problem -RRB- is the adjuster . You can lie in the bed and make it harder or softer , with the flick of a switch . For the money this bed is a steal , and mine came with free shipping . A very well made product , i would HIGHLY recommend it .
 For the price , it ca n't be beat . It 's very comfortable . I ordered two so I 'd have one as a backup in case one sprung a leak . I had no problems with the quality of either , although it is about 6-8 '' more narrow than a standard twin so twin fitted sheets are too big .
 Controls were easy to use ; supported well and being high above the floor was moderately easy to get out of . Emptied easily to fold and put back in to the storage bag .
 Needing some extra beds for guests over the holidays , I found these and thought I would give them a try . I love that they are higher than some inflatable beds , so you do n't feel like you are just sleeping on an air mattress . The slight incline to the head area is great and keeps your pillow from falling off . Also , the top is flocked to prevent your sheets from feeling slippery and you do n't feel like you are sleeping on plastic . I slept on one of them twice myself and found it to be very comfortable . You can control the amount of air to make it firmer or softer . They inflate/deflate very fast ! I always think that inflatable beds are cold , so to prevent this I use an electric mattress pad on them . These beds come with a travel bag , so you can travel with one and prevent it from getting damaged . I think these are a very good product , especially for the price !
 The airbed is very convenient with the built in pump which works very fast to fill or deflate it.It does tend to lose a little air overnight but is simple to add a little . It 's comfortable and well worth the price .
 I bought this for my 6 yo grandson who comes down to Florida from Chicago a few times a year . I liked that it packs up and can be put away . Also you are not sleeping on the floor . The daughter in law wanted this particular item for that reason . She did n't want her kid sleeping on the tile floor . It was very comfortable . I 'm a bit compulsive and bought at a thrift store the foam/egg crate pad and so it added , I think ! to the comfort of it . It needed occasional inflation during the 10 day period . It was delivered in a timely fashion , was a VERY cheap bed for an extra person and I would say we were all pretty happy with it !
 The two airbeds we bought for excess company during the holidays proved very easy to use and comfortable . We were very glad we had them to offer family members who spent the night . Now we have packed them away in their storage bags for future use .
 This bed Blows up very quickly . Less than a minute . The unit has a large nob for letting the air out , so you can lay on the bed and reach back and adjust it for comfort . I am 6ft 2 and 260 lbs and I sleep well on it . Fitting sheets stay on well.The only thig I wish it had was built in handles to carry and move when blown up . Great buy for the Money .
 For that extra person we were n't expecting to stay overnight , we had her covered with the twin air bed . It is a must have for any house with less than 4 bedrooms . She said it was great and comfortable .
 The bed is really comfortable and the electric pump makes it a breeze to inflate . I do n't recommend it as permanent bed solution just for temporary sleep overs
 The bed is easy to use and is pretty comfortable . Takes very little storage space . Really good option for visitors
 Excellent value for the money . Convenient and comfortable , I just wish it was a little higher . I would recommend this product .
 Super Support ! East setup . Very Comfortable . Firm or soft , anyway you enjoy your sleep . Good height , too!Best purchase . Very pleased .
 Needs to be pumped up at least twice in the night . High rise makes it easy for older people to use.UPDATE : Amazon was outstanding . I wrote saying that the bed was leaking too much to be comfortable . . an immediate replacemnt was sent and i printed out a free shipping label online.The new bed is perfect . . three kids slept on it together and they were fast asleep when i checked later.I left the airbed out next two days and no air had leaked yet.I was lucky I think to have got a good piece.Thank you Amazon .
 My guests love ghis bed and so do I when I have to give my bed to kids . No hankie Pankie on it , though , but an excellent good night sleep .
 Bed pumps up , hold air and is perfect for a temporary bed . Everything necessary for a temporary bed to work .
 I took this bed for a trip all the way down to Guatemala this past November 2012 . It did a good job for the two week vacation . Future buyers have to consider that this bed is different from your comfy home mattress , it may not be as comfortable but it will do the job that is designed for an air mattress . I have to pump air every two days but the process was so fast -LRB- aprox . 15 seconds -RRB- that it did not butter me at all . The bed is firm and comfortable enough to survive a couple of weeks with out your comfy every day bed ! I am happy with the buy and will recommend . Again keep in mind that comparing air mattress to your every day comfy bed is like comparing apples and pears , both fruits are sweet but they taste different ; -RRB-
 I ordered this mattress while I was moving and it held up great ! It inflates really quick and deflates just as well . I would order another one again without hesitation . It was comfortable and did the job while I was looking for a bed .
 it blows up quick ... it 's great to just pull it out of the closet for that unexpected guest and very comfy ... I also love how it come with a storage bag to slide it right back into ... I will be buying another one : -RRB-
 This mattress is a GREAT deal . The built in pump is a good feature , no more looking for the pump or charger . We have had it inflated for 3 weeks and have only had to refill it a couple of times for a few seconds . Unless you have an electric outlet , you ca n't fill this mattress without a power source , the plug is buit in with the pump at the head of the mattress and has a cover you can close to secure it . I would highly recommend this as a spare bed for any of your guests . My only complaint would be the bag it comes in to store it . I find that in most cases you can never get the product back in the bag it came in . So we found a bigger bag and it works perfectly .
 The built in pump is a dream ! Inflates and deflates in minutes . Being double height makes standing up from the sleep position painless . Now whoever spends the night has a cushion and comfortable place to sleep.PS
 We were needing some temp beds for our visits to our home out of state and found these on Amazon at an exceptional price . We got 2 twin mattresses instead of a queen so that we do n't disturb each other as much when we shift and so we can split them up for guests that do n't like each other that much ; -RRB- Another reviewer had good advice to let them air out before use , because they do have an odor for the first 24 hours . They lost very little air over the 4 days we used them and virtually none during our evening use of them . Just add a little air prior to bedtime and you 're good to go . I do recommend a blanket or comforter below you if you like sleeping with the room a little cool because the air in the mattress stays at the same temp and does suck all your heat away through the night . As for comfort , both me and my wife agree they were more firm than the pillowtop mattress we have at home , yet soft enough to give where you need it ... and we both have back problems that are always aggravated by the standard hotel mattresses . We have slept on air mattresses in the past , but this was by far the best we have tried .
 5 stars for both the quality and the price . The shipping arrived in less than 4 days . Been sleeping on it ever since and its comfortable . I 'd recommend it to my friends
 This product was comfortable - simple to inflate and deflate -LRB- one switch does both -RRB- and extremely affordable !!!
 I was unsure what size to buy so I bought this twin size bed and then a queen size bed . The twin size -LRB- THIS BED -RRB- sets up quickly and FIRM ! Whereas the queen size bed id more burdensome in size and labor . I recommend this twin size bed by Intex model .
 Twin Air bed is fantastic . This is my second one . It offers a good nites sleep for company . Also great to take on trips .
 I used this on a recent trip visiting a friend who did not have an extra bed . This worked out far better than expected . The bed inflated in just a few minutes by plugging it in and turning it on . It also only took a few minutes to completely deflate for storage during the day . The bed was comfortable and fit the twin sized sheets I brought.My only complaint is that after a few uses it did develop a very slow leak that I was unable to locate . It still remained inflated even with me on it , but I could tell it was losing some air . Maybe that is the nature of airbeds.I would not hesitate to buy another one if this one should need to be replaced . The carrying bag was very nice looking as well , and I liked the fact that the bed was raised off of the floor .
 I like this product . I had family members visit this past weekend and my nieces and nephew loved them.They filled up fast . Twin sheets fit well on them.It is wonderful to be able to put a comfortable bed anywhere in the house then fold it up and store it the next morning . The only reason I am not giving them a 5 star rating is that deflating them took a little longer than I expected . I have seen other blow up beds that actually can pump out air . Thats a nice feature .
 This bed is surprisingly comfortable and firm when filled with air . However , it does n't seem to hold the air for more than a couple days , I ended up using the pump every night . However , it held the air throughout the night and by morning the bed was still comfortable.I do n't know if my bed has a slow leak or if air is leaking around the valve , but for something I use once or twice a year , I 'm happy with it .
 This product is great for the money . Includes pump very easy to set up . Very comfortable . Brother in law uses at work when on break very convenient for him .
 I just moved from Raleigh , NC to Hillsboro , OR and I needed to move in an empty apartment I rented . I looked in Amazon to find a cheap option for a temporary bed and came up with Intex airbed . Although I had significant doubts that it will work properly , I did not experience any problems . Previous reviews of other customers are correct and precise . I liked the airbed very much and now I am using it as an occasional couch .
 this is a very comfortable bed and very convenient , it blows up in minutes and also deflates very quickly . My grandchild stays over and this bed is very handy .
 Have used it twice and it works fine . The self inflating and deflate pump is a handy device . Makes it easy to actually inflate while lying on it to make it firmer .
 My brother was coming to stay for a week in our apartment , so I needed something that would not be totally uncomfortable for him to sleep on 5 nights in a row . This air mattress did the job . It did a nice job of staying inflated throughout the week . My brother actually preferred the feel of it after a couple of nights -LRB- got slightly softer due to minimal air loss -RRB- . The only issue I had was not being able to get 100 % of the air out of it during deflation . We used the motor to remove most of the air , but towards the end it could n't force the rest out . I tried pressure , but it seems as if the release has to be a certain angle to let the air escape . It still folded up and fit in the bag -LRB- barely -RRB- . But overall , it held air and that 's what we needed it to do .
 Excellent product . Very comfortable . Instant blow up and instant deflate . Never lost any air inflation in over one week of use . Loved the height - approximately 24 '' off ground ! Comparison priced for some time and found that this one beat the retail stores and other on-line stores and free shipping to boot ! Would definitely recommend !
 I wanted a bed for my niece who was staying with me for 5 weeks . This worked perfect . It stayed fully inflated for at least 3 weeks , with my 100lb niece sleeping on it almost every night . after 4 weeks you could notice it drooping a little . But it 's very easy to inflate . I will be keeping this for traveling .
 Does everything I expected it to . The built in pump works perfectly -LRB- for both inflation and deflation -RRB- , and it has n't sprung a leak on me yet .
 I was n't sure how I would like this but , it worked perfect for a guest we had for about 6 weeks . It was easy to get in and out of , it held air very well but , we did air it up a little each week to be sure it was nice and firm for sleeping . It has a switch on the bed and all you do is flip it to air it up ! It 's so easy ! I did n't have a twin sheet so I just used a full size and it stayed on and worked fine even though it was bigger than the bed . I would definitely recommend this .
 I like itI was looking for it I found it I got and I am enjoying it to the fullestI recommend it to anyone
 A true twin bed mattress , not too long and not too wide , accommodates one adult -LRB- who shows up without notice -RRB- for as long as needed.a very good sleep !
 Just spent 8 nights on this bed visiting my granddaughters . I slept very well . Stays inflated . A breeze to blow up , deflate and store . What a deal . Great service , fast delivery . Very pleased !!!
 This is suitable for short term use . It 's easy to inflate and deflate . I did n't fit my needs , but it was a described and pretty useful for unexpected guests .
 I like a firm bed and found that I needed to physically pump in the additional air pressure . There is that option along with the electric/fill , deflate which is very helpful . I took it camping for five nights and though I topped it off before bed every night , it did n't deflate enough for me to notice in the morning .
 I was very happy with the airbed that I chose - it met all my expectations - service was excellent .
 This is the first time that I have purchased an air mattress but I have slept on a number of them over the years so I knew what I was looking for.I needed a twin size air mattress with its own pump.The pump for this airbed is actually internal , it has a plug for an outlet that has a little compartment which is also internal with the pump.It took about 3 minutes to fully inflate . The pump also has a deflation pump that took even less time than inflation.The pump is loud but since it is only on for a couple of minutes that was n't a deterrment.Since the airbed is so thick it is comfortable as far as air mattress go , I used it for 2 nights and felt fine.My only gripe is that the storage bag is too small - I was n't able to fold the air mattress back up to its original size so that it would fit in the bag.Overall , I am very happy with this mattress and hope it lasts for a few years for occasional use .
 So easy to use and fast . Just plug it in and flip the switch . It inflates , you flip the switch off and put the cord back in the box . It 's that fast and easy . It 's also very comfortable for an air mattress .
 I purchased this mostly for the great price , to replace a more expensive model . Love that it is a raised bed . Makes getting in and out of it much easier . It is very comfortable . Like it better than the more expensive brand it replaced ! Have used it a lot , and it has held up well . Great for when traveling to relatives or friends houses . Very satisfied with this purchase . Would definitely buy it again .
 I bought this for my sons apartment . I use it when I go up to Washington to visit them . I have 2 sons and they live together . Perfect size to use in the livingroom . Easy to put away also . I also recommended it my friends for their out of town guest .
 love love , love this bed !! it was a great investment , and its comfortable . i love the fact that it is self inflating and you can adjust the firmness .
 Needed place for kids to sleep while visiting grandma and now they argue over who gets to sleep on the air mattress . Both think it 's more comfy than their bed at home.Would have given 5 stars , but the bag it comes with to put it in is worthless , no chance of ever getting it in there again .
 This is perfect . The extra height is nice , you do n't feel like you are sleeping on the floor . It inflates quickly and holds the air for at least a few days -LRB- the longest I have used it at one time -RRB- It also deflates and packs away easily and quickly .
 Purchased 2 of the twin size air mattresses for visiting grandchildren . They are a great way to expand sleeping arrangements . Easy to inflate , deflate and store away ! Looking forward to using them again this holiday season ! Intex seems to manufacture a quality product at a reasonable price . .
 Exactly as described , I bought it for my daughter to spend the night . It fills up quickly , but it 's loud . Is solid , and does n't deflate overnight .
 Product arrived on time , -LRB- a little early actually -- which is a good thing , :--RRB- ; intact , & in excellent condition . This bed includes an `` in mattress inflation motorized pump '' that makes for ease of use , and much quieter inflation application in comparison to external pump air mattresses . It is comfortable , and an extremely good value for the price !!! Will purchase this product again !!!
 This is a good product . I use it nightly.It is 36 '' in width , not 40 '' as marked onthe box . This makes it tend to roll moreeasily . I had to frame and tie it to makeit stable .
 Took it to 1000 islands campground for the first time . Filled it up during the heat of day and that night it got soft . Thought it was losing air . Next day when I went to add more air it was ok . I added more air till it was quiet stiff and that night it was perfect and stayed that way the next 4 nights . Very happy with it .
 For the price , this air mattress is a great bargain . Inflates fast , deflation is done via the fan motor which speeds up the process , compact and light , easy to store ... I highly recommend this as quick and easy way to accommodate the need for an extra bed .
 I used it for a week and half and it seem to work as described . I do n't know how well its going to work for over a long period of time , but it is cheap so it probably would n't last that long . No leakage of air or anything yet . It was the right size for me and I am 5 ' 2 , it might be small if your over 6 ' I 'd imagine . Anyways , I recommend it to people who are looking for a temporary place to sleep .
 Quick to fill and comfortable to sleep on . We use it for our children 's sleepovers . Never had a complaint ! You ca n't go wrong with this choice .
 Love this bed . Second one that I have purchased . Ca n't beat the price for the quality .
 We have used this mattress a couple of times now on camping trips . It works great . And with the double levels it still provides more than enough support even though it lost just a slight bit of air overnight . No more waking up on the ground !
 I 've had this bed for two months . I air it up right before I 'm about to lay down and it gets nice and firm and feels so comfortable like a real bed . I actually think it 's BETTER than a real bed . My back NEVER hurts and I always wake up refreshed and comfortable . It 's got weird grooves on top and I do n't like the velor material too much so because of these two things I thought at first that I would n't like it but I was wrong about that ! I got used to the grooves quite quickly and I believe they are the reason why I do n't have any back pain . I put a silk blanket on top so I can move easily while I 'm laying down . I always deflate it a bit after I wake up so it 's not aired up too tight all day long when I 'm not using it . I just love this bed how easy it is to move around . I have it sitting on those interlocking foam floors which keeps it from sharp objects and clean . I like simple so this bed is perfect for me . A pillow , a blanket and that 's it . Many reviews I read before I bought it said that they did n't like the built in pillow it has . I do not mind that one bit . It 's just long enough for me so I do n't hang off of it and I love that 's it 's high off the floor . For the price and the comfort , I think this bed is unbeatable and I would buy another after this one . I use it every single night , it 's my primary sleep apparatus -LRB- LOL -RRB- . Now I hope after writing this review , the bed keeps for at least 6 months more . We 'll see because this is the first bed like this I 've ever owned . The only thing I do not know is what kind of plastic the bed is made from , I have not looked into that yet . The reason I say this is because certain types of plastic are toxic so it could be a health hazard but for a fast and easy low-cost solution , it 's perfect for virtually any situation .
 I have used this airbed for 5 months , and it is rather comfortable . I keep it inflated for months , and use it as a permanent bed . I have observed no severe leakage . Once in a while , I would pump in more air to firm it up.I have the airbed sitting on carpet , and the airbed can slide a bit on the carpet when I get on or off it . Also , fitted sheets do not stay on well .
 This mattress pumps up very quickly and easily , and deflates just as quickly . It was very comfortable but I still needed a pillow even though one was built in . It did lose a little air throughout the night but not much . I thought it was well worth my money . The duffle bag it came in also made it easy to carry .
 We took this bed camping , and it was very comfortable to sleep on . It did lose some air overnight , so we just reinflated before going to bed . Great mattress for the price !
 We were very pleased with this product . It was very reasonably priced , and shipping was quick . My son is using this at his college apt . Inflated quickly and is comfortable . I recommend this product .
 This item arrived on within just a matter of a few days . It sure did serve its purpose . It took about a minute to inflate and deflate I am very pleased with this product . Would buy from seller again , definitly .
 I used this on a trip for family of five . We had to stay in multiple hotel rooms built for 4 people . No one complained about sleeping on this . Most of all , it was durable and very easy to set up and take down because of the built-in pump .
 Great for visiting grandchildren . Easy to set up/take down . Actually very comfortable . Gave it the nap test , over 200 pounds , and I slept fine . Highly recommended for limited space needs .
 I love this airbed . I do have to blow air into it every few days to keep it firm . I 've read review about not able to deflate , but I had no problem . I took this on the road with me and had no problem packing it . Just use the deflate dial -LRB- turn counter clockwise -RRB- and that 's it . I was able to put in my travel bag just fine . If there 's still a little air left , as I am folding , just turn the on button to deflate more and it 's as flat as can be . Roll up just fine .
 Easy to store , inflate and deflate . Also very confortable for an adult weight . Twin sheets fit securely around top edge .
 The two beds arrived quicker than I expected . They are very comfortable and blow up quickly . Getting all the air out to put it in its duffel bag took a little work but it fit . Easy to travel with when visiting friends .
 I purchased this twin airbed for my granddaughters . I have three beautiful grandaughters who occassionally spend weekends at Grandmas . Since they are ags 8,6 , and 4 , I took down the babybed and looked for a sofa coach to fit in the bedroom , could n't do it . My next thought was to pick up an airbed , but my schedule did n't allow time to go shopping . So I checked Amazon . I could shop at home by reading the reviews . I chose this bed , it was so easy to pump up and I did n't have to use a seperate pump because it 's built into the unit . It inflated in a minute or two . It fit perfect in the area I had for it , and the girls said it was so comfortable . It deflates as easy as inflates , it has a storage bag with a handle to navigate from place to place . It did n't loose air the whole weekend . The raised section for your head is a nice feature . I am very happy with this purchase . I would recommend it to my friends .
 I purchased it as an extra bed for overnight guests . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I love how quickly inflates & deflates ! Maintains fullness throughout the night ! Love that 's it 's raised high enough for getting in & out of bed ! Very easy to store away . Love the tote in which you can carry to anywhere you may need to travel . Totally recommend it !!
 Seems to be a nicely designed and manufactured air bed . We 've used it for guests a few times , and are pleased with it .
 We 've only use the two Intex airbeds a couple times , but are well pleased . They inflate and deflate quickly . The Intex carry bags provided are also nice quality and easily large enough to store the beds when not in use.We motorcycle tent camp and use a Coleman Elite Sundome 6 lighted tent , which is 10 ` x12 ' . We use 2 twin size beds , which is perfect for two adults and all the gear you need to store in your tent.The airbeds do not bleed off air through the night . They are just as comfortable as any good quality bedding one might have at home . Another friend has used the Intex beds for almost 4 years now and reports having no trouble . That 's why we bought them.Be sure to read the reviews of other brand airbeds . There are some low-quality `` leakers '' out there for more money than these beds cost.The construction of the beds appear to be high quality . The built-in pillow and cushion top is nice . Buy with confidence . You 'll be happy with your purchase the morning after you sleep on one of these beds .
 I bought this airbed a few weeks ago . I was amazed how fast it was filled when I first tried it to check whether there was leaking or product failure . It took only about one minute to be fully filled . I left it in our living room for two days . Though I warned my three boys not to jump on it , they still did quite some movement rather than sleeping on it . Last week when we were on vocation I slept on it for the first night . It was comfortable enough to sleep though the night though not big enough because I 'm not used to a twin sized bed . One of our boys slept on it for another night . We never heard him complaining about the bed . So far we are very happy with it . We actually plan to buy at least another one for the children to have sleep-over at our home or go to their friends ' homes for a night . Anyways , the built-in pump makes the airbed one package and it is so easy to carry the bag anywhere you go to . I recommend this airbed for so far what I know about this product . I do n't know how long it can be used repeatedly .
 We bought this airbed to use in a hotel as an extra bed and it worked great . It was nice that it had a built-in pump , it was easy to use , my 10 year old son did everything . I will use this again the next time we go on vacation .
 bought this airbed for camping in the summer , my twelve year old granddaughter has slept on it twice and really likes it.Quality was good as well as the price .
 I bought this to stay in my daughters dorm room where space is limited and it worked great . Do n't need a pump its all built in . Stayed 5 nights and added air with the flick of a switch , I like it very firm . Would buy another if needed .
 My wife and I bought 2 of those for our vacation home and they are practical as they have an electrical pump build in and quite comfortable . We slept very well on them . We also liked the fabric surface very much .
 very good , i enjoy the bed , i own a twin and a queen
 Unlike some of the reviews written , I can not find anything wrong with this bed ... The built in pump and self-contained cord are a wonderful thing . The bed is slept on every night and although I do not weigh in at the 300lb limit the bed only needs to be topped off with air once a week . The built-in pump is alot quieter than the external one 's ... AND with the flip of a switch on the end of the bed you just plug in and DEflate ... I LOVE this bed ... Would buy again DEFINETLY !!!
 We purchased this airbed for an out of town guest as we do not have an extra bedroom.It works great ... when guest is gone just roll up and store out of the way . We already had a queen size airbed that we used when we moved into our new place . We used it for a month before the renovations were done and we moved our regular bed into place . Actually , I think the bed was more comfortable than our sleep-number bed .
 I like Intex products . I had one of their inflatable pools before and was impressed with the durability of the product until a squirrel got to it ! So , I decided to give the Intex bed a try . The bed is reasonably comfortable and far more durable than I had originally expected . It survived the weight of three teens -LRB- combined weight of 450l bs -RRB- several times during horse play . In short , the bed survived a week of rigorous `` real world '' testing . The Intex bed is far more comfortable than an Aero bed circa 2007 & 2009 too . In short , you get a bargain temporary bed which can take the rigors of kids and medium weight adults .
 I shopped forever for the perfect `` extra bed '' and I FOUND IT !! It inflates/deflates quickly . It is stable/comfortable . It 's affordable . It comes with a drawstring bag for easy storage . Great purchase ! I highly recommend this bed .
 We are having to use the bed for a couch and a bed for our daughter . Overall the bed is a gem ... not uncomfortable to sleep on holds the air the way its supposed to . Great Price . The only thing we found was that if two people sit on it , there is more of a waterbed roll to it . You know one person sits then when the other person sits the first person is bounced up ... not a big deal but has caused a spill or two . Nothing that would deter me from buying again or recommending to others .
 Easy to pump up and comfortable to sleep on . Nice & soft to store . Nice ...
 I purchased this air bed to use for my granddaughters when they stay overnight . First time used , the 3 yr old loved it slept very well . I have n't tried it personally . It was very easy to set up , I did n't inflate it to firm so not too sure if there is some air leakage or just the way I inflated it . I love the thickness of the material and the built in pump . I recommend this air bed .
 I got this for my 6 year old because I do n't have a bed for him right now . He loves it and I 'm glad that this bed keeps air in it for a long time . It barely lets any air out like most air beds . . and it 's such an awesome well built in pump that you just plug into the wall . . awesome . . awesome . . awesome . It 's about as tall as a regular twin size bed with a box spring underneath . . . just throw a fitted sheet on and you 're good to go . . such a great investment for not much at all . It 's def going to hold up until I 'm able to get him the real deal .
 I have slept on this bed as my regular bed for a temporary move to a 4th floor walk up . I also bought a queen -RRB- . Both have been amazing . I would strongly recommend getting a 2 inch thick pad to go with it to make it feel just as comfortable as a regular bed . :-RRB- I got the -LRB- Sleep Studio 2-Inch ViscO2 Ventilated Memory Foam Mattress Topper -RRB- . Good luck !
 I ordered the aerobed for visiting guests , and they loved it . Also , it fit nicely in my space-challenged unit . Shipping was great ! Price was great ! all happy campers .
 Funciono sin ningun inconveniente de acuerdo a lo informado en las caracteristicas.Recomiedo el mismo a todo el que necesite un colchon inflabe comodo y de rapido armado.Muy bueno el sistema de bomba de aire incorporado al mismo elemento , no esnecesario nada mas para utilizarlo .
 This inflated with ease thanks to the built in pump ! Great size even had a little pillow built in for comfort . Overall was very comfortable and roomy and deflated & folded back up in its case with ease .
 I bought this mattress in hope of using it as a lift for my aged parents should they fall down . All inclusive design makes it impossible to lose ANY neded part . Pumped up with me on it -LRB- 306 lbs -RRB- with ease . Beats the options which cost thousands .
 We purchased this for our DD who is away from home and did n't have any furniture . Amazon delivered it to her promptly . She is very happy with it . It 's comfy , and she commented that it does n't have a strong vinyl smell . We were wondering if it would , but she says it is very nice . I am happy that it 's a simple to use and comfortable thing and will substitute for furniture when one is in a bind and needs something inexpensive but still comfortable .
 This product so far works as advertised . It works like an airbed . It inflates and deflates very conveniently - and the attached pump is a great plus . Ca n't complain.I imagine it 'll wear down one day , but so have countless other airbeds that I 've paid over a hundred for - it 's plastic !
 We tested this bed by blowing it up prior to company arriving . We left on the patio for six days . I was easy to inflate and stayed full . In fact we just moved it into the room where our grand daughter was going to stay . It worked great for three days in there then it deflated !! But not to fear , the grand daughter -LRB- 8 years -RRB- decided to fool `` Grampy '' and pulled the deflate plug for a little while . So bottom line it lived up to every claim and we VERY happy with it . When you take it out of the bag pay good attention to the way it is folded . It is a real job to get it back into the bag but it can be done !! LOL
 we purchased this for guests . It 's been used several times since we purchased it - everyone who has slept on it * raves * about it . Very happy with this purchase !
 Used for a temporary bed when visiting relatives . Easy to set up and store . Inflates very quickly and is comfortable . I only used it three times and if it lasts a year , I 'll be a happy `` camper '' .
 I bought this inflatable mattress about a month ago because I 've had visitors on and off and I live in a small studio apartment . I love how easily it 's inflated ! I 've never had an inflatable mattress before but thiis one was great and I love that it was high . I was also told by my guests that it 's not loud at all -LRB- another plus -RRB- . The only couple of things I would say could be better are that I love my mattress firm and no matter how firm I tried to get the inflatable mattress to be by putting more air in it , 5 minutes later a little of air would come out and be back to soft . Also , taking ALL the air out and folding it to put away was a bit challenging , I did manage to do it with some sweat and flexibility . However , these two minor critiques should n't stop anyone from buying this product.Over all it 's a great investment !
 I bought this air mattress after researching the site . It is indeed very comfortable and easy to operate and most important of all , NO LEAKING !!!
 I have purchased this matress 3 weeks ago . The price is pretty affordable , and it actually looks like a normal bed . At the beginning it leaked a bit , but after that -LRB- I really do n't know why -RRB- it was ok . It is pretty comfortable . The built-in pump works very good and very convenient in use . The only two things are that I do n't like in this matress are that one side of this matress is higher by 2-3 mm than another . And when you sleep on it you feel like there is a small angle . I mean the matress is not 100 % horizontal . Another thing that peaces me off is the noise that comes from the matress when you move or somehow turn over . But overall it is good substitution if you need a temporary bed .
 I bought this item for my wedding , because I have a lot of people over for the wedding.I fond it very economical , and was very good for this kind of occasion.My guest who used it loved it and asked me how they could purchase one of their own , overall I would give it a five star . Worked well for me thanks .
 I have used many air beds , and I am impressed by the quality of this one . The build in pump inflates the bed quickly and quietly , and I am impressed by how stable the bed seems . Grandpa has been sleeping on the bed for over a week and says he is very comfortable . The double height makes it much easier to get in and out of bed , especially for grandpa while he is visiting .
 I 've only had it a little bit however many words have been written pro and con about this product so I to shall endeavor to provide you with some useful information .1 st it is an airbed and it does n't take kindly to claws of many kinds or sharp point objects . 2nd it is a portable airbed ... the valve is n't a perfect seal as with any air mattress or bed so expect to use the built in pump every now and then as a result of seepage . . 3rd comfort just pump it up or deflate to personal comfort level . 4th the price is relatively low cost . 5th Seems to be of decent quality aired up right out of the box and has held the pressure with no major leaks .
 This air bed is great especially when needing an extra bed for overnight friends or family . It is excellent value for the price , is very comfortable , is nice and high off the floor and with built in pump is ready in minutes !! I checked and this is the vey best price anywhere ! I bought 2 twins and they store so nice when not in use ! I have already recommended to many friends .
 I purchased this to have both on our Girl 's weekend and for use at home when company come . I have a full size one and was excited to see the single size was available . Very comfy , guest think that it is perfect because they can set the air to soft or hard support .
 I needed an extra bed for my 4 year old grandson ... this really fit the bill ... he loves sleeping on his inflatabable bed ... inflates and deflates in minutes . .
 The air mattress does blow up in seconds . It is comfortable . It is a little difficult to wrap up and the plug is a little difficult to put back but all and all it was well worth the money . My daughter is using it until she can get her new baby to sleep through the night .
 Easy to pump up -LRB- uses electricity -RRB- and pretty comfortable - biggest complaint just like anything that you assemble and try to put back into the same box , it is hard to get it small enough to go back into the bag . No biggie . The price is right .
 The Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed was a good value for the money . Compared to a single height air mattress that one would puchase at a Target or Walmart for a similar price , it was more comfortable . The extra height is great in adding to the confort of the bed . I did however put a soft sleeping bag under the sheet to add extra padding and comfort . The built in inlfation and deflation system was great and very easy to use . No more screwing , unscrewing putting in and pulling plugs to inflate and deflate . Once unpacked from the box , you just plug it in , and flip the swich to inflate . To adjust the firmness or deflate , you turn a nob to let the air out . It was actually easier than more expensive air mattresses that I had previously purchased . I liked that feature a lot . The only thing I would add to this product to get it to 5 stars would be a memory foam top , but this unfortunatly would drive up the price . If you already have a pad , use it .
 I bought this airbed for our guest bedroom and I am highly satisfied with its quality and ease of operation .
 I purchased this airbed because I wanted to sleep in the same room as my newborn . Yes , I 'm one of those paranoid new moms . This bed goes above and beyond . I wanted to buy the AeroBed first because I 'm one of those people who hates to buy cheaper items because they usually break or whatever . I 'm pretty much a sucker for the theory that expensive = quality . However , I went with my gut and decided to try this airbed having never heard of the company before . Listen to your gut ! It inflates in 3 minutes and deflates in about 3 minutes . If you want it to be more firm & allow the air to settle in better , you should leave it in there for about 7-10min . Not a big deal at all . Go do something in another room while you 're inflating it . This thing can also handle a lot of weight . When I 'm sleeping on the airbed , my husband comes in the room to tell me he wants to sleep in this bed too because it 's so comfy . Great Buy !
 I am only going to write about how well this product has worked for me because I have only had them a few days now . I purchased two of these airbeds for my daughters to sleep on while we had company over . I have to admit I was a bit weary as to whether or not they would be as good as they were made out to be . I am very impressed ! The quality of the material is impressive and the easy set up is as well ! However , I am uncertain at this point if they have a slow leak or if my husband is just not filling them up as tight as they could be ; they are a bit deflated by morning . Not enough for me to be discouraged but they are not &#34; tight &#34; by morning -LRB- no worries , no one is waking up on the floor -RRB- . I will definitely up date everyone after I have had them a few more days !!!
 This item is great ! Easy to use and comfy . The item also arrived quicklyTop quality for a very low price .
 Shipped fast , quality exceeded expectations , super easy and fast to inflate . Provides a soft but firm sleeping surface - pillow top adds to comfort .
 got it for my family came to vist its great , size is perfect for my little room , i just put some confortes on it , and its just like a regular bed , loove it !
 Arrived quickly and every bit as advertised ! I use this for my truck at work and it is absolutely comfortable and nicely built ! I 'm very happy with this purchase.There is a rotating control for the air pressure in the mattress once you have inflated it that allows you to adjust it to the level of comfort that suits you . It can also be used to let the air out to deflate the mattress completely , should you no longer be near an electric outlet . The supplied cord tucks neatly out of the way into a compartment at the head of the mattress and is easily accessed.Cons
 It 's convenient to take around . I think the only complaint I 'd have is that it makes squeaking noises when you move around and THAT sound wakes me up ... Other than that , it 's sturdy and as comfortable as a airbed can be .
 Bought this for a Thanksgiving guest consigned to the basement . Incredibly easy to set up , stayed inflated , he said it was way more comfortable than any air mattress he 'd ever slept on . And the electric deflate is fast and makes it easy to get back into its bag .
 Had a full house for the holiday , had a queen Intex -LRB- same version -RRB- in one room for my 6 ' + 21 yo son , and the twin in my home office for my 24yo daughter . Everyone slept well . Works to expectation . Make sure you let it warm to room before blowing up , and get it blown up prior to first use .
 My sister & I are so pleased with it . Much easier to deal with and love the 18 &#34; height . Best buy ever.BTW
 I 'm arranging a getaway weekend in hotel , so I bought a bunch of these . I tried one first and it seemed nice and working as specified . The only thing is that it 's tough folding and putting it back into it 's bag .
 I was very skeptical in purchasing an air mattress bed , but I found this to come in extremely quickly . At first , it was a bit hard to sleep on , but after I slept on it for about three days , the mattress material grew softer/more comfortable . I slept on it for three months and I loved it . Be careful though because moving causes slight squeaking noises!its really easy to use though !
 I paid under $ 40 for this mattress , and yet , it seems like its worth $ 200 . It has a built in air pump that fully pumps it up in under 45 seconds . The durability of this thing is awesome . It does n't lose air too quickly.This is a steal , please buy this , I beg you : -RRB-
 I have the queen sized version of this product . I needed the twin size for another room to accommodate more guests.I personally do n't find these mattresses to be very comfortable but its hard to consider any air only mattress very comfortable . For hosting guests for a few days , it gets the job done and inflates pretty quickly . We do find that it loses a little bit of air almost on a daily basis and just requires half a minute of pumping or so to become firm again , so keep it handy near a socket .
 The description is exactly what it says it is . The pump is super easy to use , and it inflates the mattress really quickly and is n't too noisy or anything , and the cord stores away so it 's not hanging out or anything and is really long , so it should n't be too difficult to connect to an outlet . The bed is surprisingly comfortable -LRB- it 's an air mattress , people -RRB- and holds its air really well -LRB- I sleep on it for up to a week at a time when I am visiting my bf in his dorm and I maybe need to top it off once or twice ? -RRB- . It collapses and store really easily and my bf and I agree it was a very smart investment !
 I bought this for one of my parents . Based on what she told , the bed is really nice . It is raised off the ground about a foot and a half , has built in electric pump that makes the bed ready for sleeping in about three minutes . It also has a nice raised pillow -LRB- not too much raised -RRB- . I do n't think this bed is supposed to be used every day since my mother told me that her first bed -LRB- same one -RRB- gave away/deflated after two months or so . It is more for guests or family members who come to visit with not enough beds left in the house.you can store this in a small bag or a box and put it in the closet or slide it under one of the beds in the house . This bed has a built in air pump that ca n't be taken out . Also , the bed comes with a small bag and it comes with small piece of rubber in case the bed has an air hole that you can patch up .
 This was great for our recent vacation to the snowBoth my daughters brought their beds and were quite comfortable the entire tripEasy to blow up but not easy to get back into the travel bagI rated it 4 stars for this reason
 More than pleased with this item . Did the job of the very expensive ones for very cheap i wish I had bought a queen or full size model instead of the twin but even the twin is comfortable and large enough for one person . Fills up and deflates quickly and fits back into the back without much hassle . We 'll see how it holds up over time but for the money you ca n't beat it .
 I am very happy to have bought this , suits perfect for my needs.Recommend to people who do not suffer from any back problem
 I love this very easy to set up . I live in a one bedroom apt so I purchased this for when the children come to visit . They have all said it is very comfortable to sleep on .
 Great item , use it when visiting friends or relatives in California . Folds up easy for transport and sets up really quick
 This is used for when my older son has friends stay over night . It 's easy to set up , and comfortable . Does the job flawlessly .
 This bed is perfect . Good height . Well constructed . Sturdy . Quick , easy , inflation . Comfortable . Very portable . . Love it . Use it when traveling .
 I bought this to use whilst staying at my sister in laws house for a couple weeks around Christmas . This bed is awesome ! It pumps up very quickly and is comfortable and big enough . My nephew is 6ft and 220 pounds and I 'm 5 ' 5 and 140 pounds and we could both lay on this whilst watching a movie with no problems . I used it for 2 weeks and only inflated it slightly on the second day , I think the material stretched a little during my first nights sleep to break it in and thats why it seemed like it lost air . After the second day I never had to refill it . I left it there when I went home and my nephews are still using it and love it more than their regular beds .
 Very nice product , firm and strong . Really good price . Keeps the air in full for about 4 days . I love how the air pump is integrated and easy to use .
 It worked out great . This is a long enough review . Should n't have to say more than is necessary . I wo n't want to do further reviews .
 This really worked out well for me ! It lost a little air but that is to be expected . I use this during the holidays when extra people are visiting .
 this bed is great easy to inflate and great to sleep on.Just right for the grandkids when they sleep over
 This delivered quickly and set up was simple . My overnight guest slept like a rock . A great value , great service and I know I 'll get years of use out of this as an extra guest bed .
 I was surprised at the high efficiency of this product . Love it - zero complaints . Have used it several times over the holidays for 180 pound person to sleep on .
 I tried it out and fell asleep on it . No noticeable leakage overnight . It seems to me like a good buy .
 Pumps up super fast . When you reverse the fan , it collapses super fast too and gets very flat and easy to handle . Favorite airbed so far . Easy to put away and store . Nothing negative to say whatsoever .
 I have been sleeping on this mattress for several weeks now and have no complaints . Its much more comfortable than many other mattress I 've slept on in the past . It is easy to inflate and stores the cord conveniently on the mattress . Feel like this was a great purchase .
 We have a queen size Intex airbed that we 've had for over four years , and which has been set up and taken down dozens of times , and used for periods of a week or longer , which we 've had no issues with . We needed a smaller bed for when our teenagers had guests spending the night , and this looked like the best option . On a Gold Box deal , this was a deal we could not let pass.The bed arrived well packaged without issues . The mattress has a carrying bag , which is great for storing and using when traveling . At the time of this review , we have only used this bed one time , but it had no issues , and is a comfortable bed to sleep on . We prefer the height of these air beds over the single mattress height of many airbeds on the market.The inflation and deflation times are only a couple of minutes , and folding is no problem , but when folding , one must take into account the size of the carrying/storage bag , to ensure the mattress fits into the bag properly and with ease.I am sure we will use this bed many times over the next year , and will follow up with how the bed has done over that time . At this time , I see no issues that would be a deal breaker for this bed .
 Ordered this twin to use in Hotel while visiting sick relative in other state . Two full size beds in room . . not enough room for other bed , and hotel did n't have a fold up ... took this and put it between the two full size and slept on it . . Comfortable , and so easy to put together and take down ... my husband slept on one full size and his mom on the other . . I was the most comfortable ! Love it . . and now have it for when my nephew and niece visit.Compared to an Aero . . the price was awesome and works the same way !!! Not having it directly on the floor with the elevation made it easier to get in and out ... Great deal !
 actually i love it . but i just gave 4 stars because i think its a little bit smaller than what i think .
 Very good bed I had guess over the housewas use for four days and kept all the airvery comfortable
 The airbed is easy to inflate and it holds air . It is confortable and easy to store away . I recommend it .
 Ordered 2 of these airbeds . They came in really handy when my guests arrived . I had no complaints . They were comfortable and held the air very well . The height is also good-not too high and not too low . I definitely wanted built-in pumps and these were very easy to inflate and also deflate . Also , I liked that they come in compact carrying bags . I would definitely recommend these air beds .
 I bought 3 of these and all showed the same behavior.The convenience of pumping them up with the built-in pump is incredible and they are pretty comfortable.But all 3 lost quite a bit of air the first night we used them . Not enough to wake-up at night , but it was pretty obvious the next day.I feel like the problem got slightly better on the 2nd and 3rd day , but it was not completely gone.I am not certain whether this material actually stretches still but I ca n't return them anyway -LRB- too long of a vacation :-RRB- -RRB- , so I guess I 'll find out.I had a similar queen mattress from this brand 10 years ago that I slept on for months . This one has a hole now but the pump still works and the material otherwise looks fine .
 The Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump was everything we expected . The carrying bag is a definate added feature as well as the electric pump . Had it set up in less than 5 minutes . Would definately recomment this airbed .
 My daughter is living with a couple for the summer . This was an alternative to transporting a regular twin bed 80 miles to their house . She has been very pleased with the quality and ease of use . That is a big deal with her as she has two steel rods in her back . As a college student and missions student , I 'm sure it will be used again .
 Really good product . For this price , I give it a 5 . Very comfortable and easy to use . You do have to refill the air after two nights though .
 This airbed has been under constant testing for the last ten days . First a 6 ' 1 `` tall 255lb 56 year old male slept on it for a week . He liked it better than a cot and less than a posterpedic . Said the ease of adjusting the pressure was nice . Then my 23 year old 6 ' 3 `` tall 235lb grandson slept on it for 3 nights . Got no opinion from him but I had to get him out of it at noon each day so it worked as advertised . Seems tough and pump is fast . Ran it on my 300 watt inverter plugged into my cigarette lighter and it worked fine with truck running . Took about 5 business days to receive it in good packaging . First Intex product I have purchased but will try others now . Andy from Arkansas
 Got this inflatable bed so that friends could sleepover without taking the ground . It blows itself up quickly and stays blown up for weeks . This bed has started to double as a couch in our room . After deflating it , it may be hard to get into the tiny bag again . The bed may also smell a little -LRB- like plastic tends to -RRB- when first inflated , but if it bothers you too much , just wipe it down . Initially may deflate more upon first getting it , but the plastic is just stretching . For the occasional sleepover with an extra person -LRB- or for those with the desire for a couch , this bed is a great option with an awesome price .
 i bought 2 of these beds one for me and one for my sister.even though i bought these back in march we were not able to use them until tuesday april 10,2012 . mine was very comfortable to sleep on.This is Ashley 's sister and i have to agree with her that the bed was very comfortable to sleep on.my sister and i both agree that anyone who would like to buy one or more of these beds can not go wrong we like them a lot.thanks again amazon for having great products on your web site , sincerly chrisfan .
 Very good and much better than more expensive models . Only re pump every two weeks . Even in very hot California
 I had to get rid of my bed and needed something to sleep on so I ordered this air bed . It sleeps very comfortable . I have arthritis in both shoulders , but found out that I can sleep with no pain on this air bed . I am very happy with it . The built in pump is so easy to operate . I did n't have any trouble with it at all .
 Wonderful ! Used by a `` pleasingly plump '' adult . Held up great and was comfortable . Easy to move when not in use during the day .
 This bed is so easy to use . Just plug it in , turn it on , and walk away . The pump is built in , so you do n't have to worry about keeping up with an air pump , using a hairdryer , or finding double D batteries to power your pump .
 While visiting a friend out of state I had the opportunity to sleep on an Intex Airbed . I was so impressed with the comfort and the good night 's sleep that upon returning home I asked her for information about that particular bed . As I work in a home that requires two overnight shifts , I ordered a twin size Intex Airbed hoping it would work out and I would be able to get off the short sofa and stretch out a bit ! I ordered my new Airbed and have been using it every week . I am SO pleased with the comfort , the ease of inflating and deflating , and for a good night 's sleep ! I highly recommend this product as an alternative sleep solution - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I ordered the twin-size version of this product to use when my daughter comes to visit without her husband . I am every bit as satisfied with it as I am with the higher-priced queen Aerobed that we have been using when they both visit . It is easy to inflate and deflate , has a flocked top for comfort and is raised . The quality seems very good and my daughter found it to be as comfortable as the Aerobed . I found nothing negative about this product at all -- even the price was great ! I am so glad I bought it !
 This is my mattress of choice . I got bedbugs and had to toss out my king-sized bed , and now I sleep on the airbed.Kinda wish I had more room , however for what it is , I love it .
 This is an incredible air mattress . We purchased this for a last minute house guest . It was shipped quickly . The mattress itself is very nice and comfortable . And the automatic pump makes blowing up and deflating a breeze !!! I would highly recommend to anyone needing an air mattress
 My wife and I were in need of an air bed . I had surgery on my leg this week , and it was decided that I 'd have our regular bed to myself for a few weeks . So we needed a place for my wife to sleep , as several weeks on the sofa is n't a great idea . So I set out looking for an air bed . We did n't know one brand from another , so it came down to reviews and price.There seemed to be two sticking points with people . First , did the thing come with a pump , and how did it feel ? Price too to a lesser extent . I did notice that some beds do not come with a pump , and you 're looking at an additional $ 25 on average for a decent sized pump . We were looking for something decent , I did n't want the cheapest one imaginable , but I was n't looking to break the bank either.So I happened upon this one . After reading the reviews , I decided to take the plunge . My wife has slept on it for a couple of nights , and has said it is OK . I think that 's what most people here who are ragging on it are n't taking into account . THIS IS AN AIR BED . If you buy this -LRB- or any other one -RRB- expecting it to feel the same as your regular box spring and mattress , then you 're missing the point . Air beds are n't meant to be the same . My wife says it 's comfortable enough , but she would n't want to sleep on it long term . Which is the point of these . Short term bed . It feels great . It has kind of a water bed feel to it -LRB- especially if you do n't fill it to max capacity -RRB- . The air pump is built into the unit , you basically open a hatch , take out the plug , put it in the wall , and go . You run the pump by deciding whether or not you are going to inflate or deflate it -LRB- it sucks air out too -RRB- . It filled the whole thing in about 2-3 minutes . It 's somewhat loud , but not excessively loud , so if you 're in a place where quiet is an issue , this might be a concern , but I imagine any pump would be that way.Some reviews talk about leakage or punctures . Sure , it 's got the potential for punctures , but what air bed does not ? The package comes with a puncture repair for a few minor leaks , but we have had it inflated for a week now , and have not yet had to refill it.It 's good quality , it 's cheap , and has a pump . We give it five stars , as my wife can sleep on it , and it does the job . Recommended !
 Our Guest room overflowed and we needed an extra bed . This was GREAT . Inflates fast and easy and is very comfortable . Stores away like a small suitcase . Twin sheets fit well . Very happy with the product and it will get a lot of use .
 I had this airbed shipped to my mother 's house over the holidays for out-of-state family to sleep on . Everyone commented how really comfortable and convenient it was . It only takes minutes to inflate and deflate . . the built-in pump works great . I was so happy that it did n't lose air after two weeks of use . After the New Year , it easily fit in the carrying case that comes with the mattress and packed it away in the closet for the next time !
 I must say , I have only once in the past tried an air mattress , during a sleep over , at a friends . By far this was a much better experience . I slept like a baby , also it was very conviently packaged -LRB- for travel purposes -RRB- which was an added plus.I defitnely reccomend it . I generally suffer from back problems , and my back did not hurt me at all during my 12 days vacationing.It was great.J . Gonzales
 My grandson loved sleeping on this blow up bed , he said it was so comfortable . It 's a great idea if you need xtra guest beds , because it deflates and stores so easily . It takes about 3 or 4 minutes to inflate.I would recommend this product highly .
 I purchased this airbed to have for guests . Upon receiving it I decided to inflate it first of all to be certain that the pump would do as described , second , to see if air would leak out and thirdly , to see if it is comfortable.Well all three concerns were posiitive . In fact I decided sleep on it and by gosh it turned out to be most comfortable . I have back problems and when sleeping on a conventional bed I always wake up with baqck pain . Not so with this mattress . I experienced a very restful sleep and did not feel that ever nagging pain . I recommend this mattress highly
 i am in the process of moving cross country and have needed this for several weeks , i have no backaches , and it has held the air since i filled it , i am saving it for a guest bed . . wonderful product and wonderful price
 This air mattress seems to be a great item . The built-in electric air pump makes for great convenience ; set-up and storage is accomplished with ease . The mattress itself is very comfortable , as air mattresses go . I gave it four out of a possible five stars simply because I 've only recently received it and used it just several times . cd
 I purchased this for our grand-daughter . It was easy to inflate and never lost any air . I kept it inflated for two weeks just to check , and it never lost any air . I would definately recommend it to anyone .
 I bought the bed with the idea of using it during one week while my father was visiting . It fulfilled its purpose perfectly . It 's comfortable , it inflates and deflates very quickly and it 's pretty high . There are two reasons why I am not giving it a 5-star score
 The bed is nice and soft and double thick . The auto pump is easy to use and works pretty well with new batteries . The vacuum drain does ok but when down to the base have to help it by rolling it at the end . Folding it is n't to hard and package size is n't to big so easy to store . Bed lines fit ok on it but get good one so they squeeze tight so they hang on . But for the money is a great buy I shopped around a lot target , walmart , dicks , Meijer , sears , kmart , ect . So very good buy if you want one for camping or a guest bed .
 I like this product . The power code is nicely kept in the unit so I do not have to worry about losing the power code . Kids love it when their friends come for sleep over . Quick and easy to use .
 I bought this for my daughter to use when she visits . She found it was so comfy that it was hard getting her out of it at all . It came packaged nicely & was exactly as described on Amazon . Very pleased !
 I purchased this item in January but did not get to use it until this month . It is very easy to use and is very comfortable.I have back issues and never had a problem sleeping on it . I have used a similar item in double size . This mattress is far superior . I slept on it for a week and never had to add air . Was easier to deflate than the larger one but still hard to fold up to store . The delivery was excellent and arrived ahead of estimated time .
 I am very happy with the purchase . This air mattress costs less than similar ones , is comfortable and holds air well . I recently moved into a new place and needed a temporary bed ... it has been nearly a month and I have added air maybe once or twice .
 my house is so small that i ca n't justify losing space to an extra bed . a twin air mattress was really the best solution since we only have company once or twice a year . So far , i 've only used it once . The price and the built in air pump were the main reasons for purchasing . It mostly stayed inflated , but my mom did say it could have used a little more air the second night . There is a storage compartment for the power cable , which is nice when it is inflated because there is n't the risk of someone tripping over loose cords . The mattress has just enough height on it so you do n't feel like you 're sleeping on the ground . The pictures make it seem like there is a groove for a fitted sheet to slip into , but it 's really just a seam . Not a huge deal if you have sheets with good elastic , but they might get stretched out over time . Overall , the design is compact and it does what it is supposed to do , at the right price . i 'm happy with it .
 If you have a need for an airbed on a regular basis , this is the way to go . No need to spend a fortune on batteries . It stores easily , looks great , and keeps you or your guest nice and high off the floor . Very happy with this purchase !
 I was very sceptical about buying an air bed that would n't deflate after 2 days , To my surprise I am extreamly satisfied with these . I bought 2 of them . I used one for my sons bed and the other , I put next to my couch in the living room floor . It fits really nice and level with the couch so it 's like having a big bed . It take 2 minuets to inflate and it is really built to last . The price was great and other people were charging $ 15-20 Dollars to ship them -LRB- EBAY -RRB- Amazon shipped them for free and There worth twice as much as I paid . So do n't hesitate , BUY BUY BUY LOL
 I moved into a new home and my bedroom set was or order and did not arrive , so I needed a temporary sleeping solution . This did the trick.I loved having the built in pump so all I had to do was take it out of the box , plug it in and let it fill up . It took less than 5 mins to fully expand.I ca n't really say that the &#34; built in &#34; pillow negated one having to purchase a pillow . The built in pillow had my head too low and I needed elevation so I did purchase a pillow.The bed is comfortable enough ; however , it does move around so you kind of feel like you 're on a water bed -LRB- mildly -RRB- :-RRB- . I think I would have preferred no movement . But it is temporary and works well enough that I have gotten good night 's sleep on it . I would recommned .
 I recently moved to a very small studio apt , so I got a futon at Target . Due to the small size of my place , I threw the box away as soon as I built the futon . Big mistake . The futon was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever sat on , let alone try to sleep on . I doubt Target will take it back , without a box . So I got a cheap Coleman air mattress to use on top of the futon at night . That way I figure I can still have a `` couch '' during the day . Worked pretty well for about 2 weeks till it got a huge hole on a seam . The repair patch was useless , so I decided to find a new air mattress online.The price for this one was perfect , and the reviews were possitive so I took a chance . I choose free shipping and was amazed it only took a day and a half for me to recieve it , instead of the 8-10 days my order said to expect . It took less the 2 minutes to inflate , and is extremly comfortable.The cord stores right inside a compartment built into the pump , kinda like a battery compartment . Speaking of batterys , It also has a spot built in to inflate using a hand pump , incase electricity is unavailable . Also , the repair patch included is way better then the cheap little sticker included in my original Coleman air bed , although I hope to never have need of it.At first I was concerned with the height , being taller the my old one was , but I decided to take a chance and order it anyway . Actually on top of the futon , it is the same height as a regular mattress and boxspring , so I lucked out on that as well.I 'm definately going to order a queen size for my bf and I to use for camping and Burning Man . I would say to anyone looking for an air mattress , this one is perfect .
 i purchased this air mattress to use on a camping trip because the coleman cots i took last time were hard and uncomfortable - the air mattress inflated very quickly and fit into our tent very nicely - over the weekend they stayed inflated even with people sitting on them -LRB- and some of the people were big people -RRB- - it was long enough and wide enough for a comfortable sleepthe deflation process was just as easy - flip the switch and minutes later the mattresses are flat - BUT i was not able to get them back into the package - lol - the joke was - air mattress is like having a baby - once it 's out it ca n't go back in againso far so good with these mattresses - just want to see how long i can go hole free
 This air bed is great for the price . The built-in pump allows you to add air easily . I found that if I use it more than a couple nights in a row , I needed to add air , but it was very convenient with the built-in pump . The pump is noisy , but that is to be expected . Twin sheets fit well . The top is quite bumpy when fully inflated , so you can let some air out , or add a mattress topper for more comfort . I do no care for the built-in pillow , so I just sleep with my head at the other end . My teenage son has also used it , and loves the built-in pillow , so I 'm sure that is a personal preference . Overall , I 'm very satisfied . It inflates and deflates in a matter of minutes , and come with a storage pouch that it will fit into easily .
 I was a bit skeptical about this mattress after reading some of the reviews , but it turns out that I love it ! It inflates quickly and deflates so that it can fit back into the bag with a bit of maneuvering . I took it to our state fair and it really worked out well and was a big improvement from the cots we used to sleep on . The vinyl did have to stretch out a little , but that was to be expected . After a few nights it was fully stretched out . I 'm tall , so a long mattress was important and this really did the job . It was comfortable and I never had any back pain or anything from it . All in all I would really recommend this product .
 Very easy to inflate and holds its firmness very well.The top is similar to microfiber . My backnever felt so good !
 The item arrived on time and was easy to set up . It stayed inflated the entire night and was quick to deflate the next morning . We have always been Aerobed purchasers in the past and now find this Intex to be just as good quality wise .
 This bed is great , compact and comfortable . We 've had guests who use it ask us where we got it because they want to buy it too .
 We recently moved into a smaller place . When my parents came into town , they took my oldest sons room . We needed something for him to sleep on but did n't have much room . This twin airbed by Intex is great ! I love the fact that the pump is built in . It does n't get in the way like I thought it might . My son says it 's very comfortable . It 's easy to inflate and deflate .
 This has been used by my teenage daughter for temporary sleeping during a move . She weighs about 200 pounds and is 5 ' 10 &#34; tall .
 This is the exact product we were looking for . It 's compact , self filling , and pretty comfortable . It 's perfect for traveling or when company spends the night . It provides the extra sleeping accommodations we needed . The 120v pump fills the bed quickly . The battery pump or foot pump would n't have worked well for us .
 I needed to replace my airbed but did n't want to spend a fortune . This one works great and it was very economical in comparison to the ones I found in my local bed and bath store .
 this mattress hold up well with not a lot of adding air for me and i have slept on it for a month now . it is still comfortable and is serving its purpose . i really like the convenient automatic inflate and deflate .
 The day before my guest arrived , I opened the box , took out the bed , plugged it in and it was inflated in less than three minutes . My guest slept on it for a week and I never had to add air . He said he was very comfortable and that he would buy one for his apartment to use for his guests .
 The airbed inflates and deflates very quickly -LRB- about 2 mins -RRB- . It is comfortable and allows you to adjust the firmness . It seems to lose a little bit of air during the course of the night , but not enough that it becomes uncomfortable . I sleep on this airbed at least twice a week when sleeping over my fiance 's house -LRB- strict parents -RRB- . I 've had it for about a month now . It 's definitely a good buy for the money .
 Originally purchased for visiting guests , we had to use this when the bedroom got water damage after a sudden heavy rain . The beds were very easy to set up
 It 's now 9/28/10 and I 've used this Intex Pillow Rest Twin raised Airbed since 8/6/10 . I found a spot for the bed , found that the sound level was n't terrible while inflating , not to mention that it did n't take long to do so . I unplugged the pump and used a mattress pad/cover that I bought at Target -LRB- artificial down -RRB- . The cover almost stretches down to the bottom of the mattress , but not entirely , and not enough to stay put . I just wanted something between the bed and my sheets/quilt . The odor was a bit strong , like a vinyl smell that stuck around for several days . Either the smell went away or I got used to it ; I also washed the bedding a few times , more often , in the hopes that it would rub off on it.As for re-inflation , I noticed that the bed lost air very gradually over time , so I topped it off after about 5 weeks . I may have to update this if it looses air faster , upsetting the to-be-established curve . One would suppose that I had lucked out , but upon reflection , it occurred to me that if the bed were close enough to carpet tacking strips , it would be toast . Also , the head rest area does n't do much for me , I could probably do without . I grant a 4 star review due to the fact that I have been able to actually sleep on it and it held the air longer than I ever thought it would.Update 8/5/12
 I bought this air mattress to use during a 4 month internship in New York City . It held air so well I hardly had to refill it ! I took good care of it by not sitting on it during the day , using a mattress pad , and keeping the floor clean from debris . Another intern I shared a room with bought a Coleman mattress that popped after the first month ! I highly recommend this to anyone in need of a temporary sleeping arrangement and would almost like to personally thank someone for it .
 I read many reviews on this bed before purchasing and although I was hesitant , after reading all the negative reviews about it leaking on first use etc. , I 'm so glad I took my chances and bought it.It inflates in seconds , long enough for me to leave a throw or two at the end of the bed and , most importantly of all , it is comfortable!I do have to give it a little air every couple of days depending on how firm I want it to be but it takes seconds and is no hassle.No leaks yet -LRB- crosses fingers -RRB- and it has been completely worth it for eliminating the trouble of having to buy a mattress only to have to move out of my current place in the next few months.I suspect the customers that did post negative reviews may have received a defective product .
 My husband `` watched '' me set up this bed ... very easy . He also thought it was very comfortable ... although it was for company . And no complaints from them .
 Purchased this for extra guests . We have 3 kids and they always have friends spending the night . We also travel for a club volleyball team , this bed makes an excellent extra bed -LRB- portable and easy to carry -RRB- in hotel rooms . We use it almost every weekend and have had excellent results . If the guest is over 200 lbs , does need a bit more air added each night . The pump makes set up and take down a breeze .
 I have only had the airbed for a few weeks now but so far its value for money and very firm and comfortable .
 Simply fantastic ! So easy to put up and take down . We used it as a guest bed . Our teen-age grandson said it was most comfortable bed he ever slept on ... wanted to take home with him .
 Was very impressed with this airbed . It was easy to inflate , deflate & store . Thinking of getting another one .
 I have not seen or slept on this mattress ... bought for my daughter for a quick replacment ... she tell 's me she thinks it GREAT ... I bought the twin size , and she tells me when she buys a full size it will be the same one . I have an inflatable bed she has slept on while visiting , and she said this is 100 % better . I might add my daughter is not someone who is easily pleased .
 I purchased this air matress to use in my efficiency apartment until I had enough saved to buy a good futon . I have had this for 4 months and have yet had to add more air . Granted , I am not a large person , 5.5-140lbs , but still not to have any leaks is amazing . It sleeps real well , I really hate to give it up to buy a futon because it is so comfortable . For the price you can not go wrong .3 / 19/10-I have had this for over a year now . Retired it to the closed about 8 months ago but pulled it out to use when I had a friend over and it still stayed inflated , no leaks . It really is comfortable and handy to use as a spare bed , better than a rollaway or fold up cot . I just fold it up into a plastic bag and secure it with tape and store it on the top shelf in my closet .
 Hello , We bought the Intex Pillow Rest twin bed for extra guests at Christmas . It was wonderful , quick to set up , comfortable , and easy . Thank you so much for carrying this product . Anna Blacksten-Plantz
 the bed readily and quickly inflates to the desired firmness and deflates for easy , compact storage -- it 's comfortable and perfect for those extra guests -- highly recommended
 the kids love to camp in the yard with their friends and these mattresses are strong , comfortable and so easy to set set up that even the 6 yr old can do it by himself .
 The bed is easy to set up with the internal pump and is comfortable to sleep on.When it is deflated using the pump it fits into the storage bag that came with it .
 I would n't make this my permanent bed , but for occasional use , overnight guests , vacation , etc , this bed is great . Price could not be better , and the bed is actually very comfortable . It 's got the built in pump , it 's inflated in a matter of seconds , and the height of the mattress makes it very comfortable for anyone . I definitely recommend this item .
 We purchased 2 of these for guests ' use and they are quite comfortable . The pumps work relatively quickly and quietly , and allow for good firmness in the mattress . They also held air well and needed little additions over 2 weeks ' time.Our only drawback was that the air does n't provide insulation from cooler ambient air . We keep our home cooler at night , and a guest found it necessary to cover the mattress with a heavy blanket to insulate properly from the coolness . I would recommend a mattress pad or foam topper when using this to provide some extra warmth .
 My daughters came to visit over the holiday , one used the futon and 2 used these beds . They stayed inflated for 2 full weeks with -LRB- maybe -RRB- one top-off . It worked well for the little one and the eldest -LRB- she 's the size of an adult -RRB- . Excellent stowable options for temporary beds , the pump and cord are well-hidden , the bags are convenient ... Ca n't say enough good .
 This bed is great . I use it everyday for my little.So far its still inflated and very comfortable.Recommend it for anyone who has a guess or personal use.I especially like the pump , how its connected to the bed andcan store-it inside the bed .
 while only used a couple of times , it seems well constructed , held the air pressure , was easy to inflate as well as deflate . A great value .
 Very good air mattress , have had many friends come and stay on it and it has n't lost much air . Would recommend it if you need an air mattress for visitors .
 Great purchase ! Like the title indicates , the bed both fills and deflates in less than 1 minute . Very convenient storage for the electrical cord . The bed is nice and tall and great for a sleepover or using instead of a rollaway in a hotel . Very comfortable , even for adults . Have had other air mattresses and this one is the best by far - highly recommend .
 I bought this recently , and for some reason that baffles my imagination I bought the one with the `` pillow rest '' . Unfortunately , as I was thinking when looking at it , there is really no positive effect that comes from this big bulge . Perhaps if they had put a removable cushion on top , but as it is you can not actually use it for sleeping if you forgot a pillow , and you ca n't sleep with a pillow on it because it cranks your neck into a very uncomfortable position.I 'm not too picky about beds , they just have to be big enough and pretty flat and firm . This delivers on all but the flat part . I ca n't blame intex , because Itt clearly shows you what to expect , but I can honestly say I feel a bit like an idiot for ordering this.It stays inflated , though , and is decently comfortable . IF you are looking for a bed ... then you should n't be looking at a 40 dollar inflatable one . If you are looking for a temporary sleeping thing ... then this is probably right for you -LRB- just check to see if they have one without the `` pillow '' on it -RRB- . Even if you end up getting this one , I 've found that when I reverse directions -LRB- put feet towards the pillow -RRB- I can sleep relatively comfortably without worrying about having neck problems .
 This air mattress is fabulous . I am close to 300 pounds and just had surgery . I slept on this mattress for 3 weeks during recovery and then took it camping and slept on it another 3 nights . If you have had a bad experience , it must be one of those rare mishaps during production , because I am buying another one and so are my friends . I have no issues . It holds air very well . The function of filling it up or taking the air out works perfectly and saves me alot of headache when packing and storing . Being heavy , I really appreciate Intex technology , because I really count on it , especially after surgery , when I could n't sleep in my new bed of all things . Thank you for a great product.Terry R.
 Product was delivered ahead of schedule , and everything worked perfectly right out of the box . I brought the bed to accommodate a family member who was just staying over the weekend , but found myself using it long after they had left . The bed not only was very comfortable , but the bed 's raised height , felt covering on the top , and built in pillow rest made sleeping and getting in and off of bed very easy without any strain on the back . The built in electric pump not only quickly filled the raised bed in a matter of seconds , but the auto fill/deflate button on the pump made deflating the bed quick and a breeze . I had no problem keeping the bed fully inflated and the pump 's sound was not that loud when operating . Once deflated , I had no problem refolding the bed and getting it back in the original box for later storage . I am very pleased with the product and I would purchase this item again and recommend to friends .
 This very comfortable bed could not be easier to set up . Plug it in , push the button and it fills with air to as firm as you could like . I use it as my bed when I stay at friends ' home and love it .
 One of the best air mattresses I 've owned . Extremely easy to fill and let the air out , just plug in and flip a switch . I like that it 's all one unit , the plug and air in/out take is attached and hidden in a compartment . It 's comfortable and does not loose air , even over an extended period of time .
 Really nice portable bed , I do n't wan na back sleeping in a regular bed !!! . I highly recommend this item for everybody who is looking for a good bed to be sleeping like a baby .
 This is just what I was looking for . It inflates quickly and deflates quickly , just not sure if a standard twin fitted sheet will work since we used it the first time without one .
 This product is absolutely the best air bed we 've owned . It inflates so quickly . It is comfortable and easy to deflate . I highly recommend this product .
 Love it ! this bed fits the bill . my guess like it compliments on how comfortable it is . Easy to inflate and store . An excellent buy in my book . The built in pump is a super feature .
 The pump is effective and compact because it is built into the side wall . The bed itself is comfortable for an average sized man -LRB- 5 ' 9 '' 150lbs -RRB- or smaller , but I imagine it could be overly soft or small if you are larger and heavier . The material seems sturdy , with only three nights of use so far there is really no complaints in this department . It comes with a handy carrying bag , which takes a bit of deflating and rolling to get to fit properly but its better than nothing . So far I am very satisfied with this product especially for the price .
 The bed was comfortable and filled easily . It 's only draw back was that did not fit all the way back into the carring box .
 Bought this for my daughter until we can afford a real matress . It inflates easily , is sturdy , and is actually pretty comfortable .
 I purchased this airbed for company use . I ordered it on a Monday and it was delivered on Thursday , very timely as my guests were due to arrive on Friday . I removed it from the packaging and hooked it up - very easy . It took about two minutes to fill to a comfortable firmness . I was not thrilled about the built in pillow but it 's really not that bad . I was a little disappointed that my twin sheet was too big - had to use a sleeping bag . My guest said that it was very comfortable and it did not lose any air in the four days that it was in use . All in all I am very satisfied with the performance and price of the airbed .
 This is the 3rd Intex Airbed I have bought since January of 2009 . The first one was the first time I had ever slept on an airbed . I use them for myself to sleep on every night . I leave it inflated but simply move it to another room during the day . I bought the 2nd one -LRB- which was the Deluxe -RRB- in July of 2009 . I just recently bought this 3rd one and I did n't buy the deluxe because THIS one had the Super Saver free S&H ; I love the Built in Electric pump . It makes it SO easy for me to air it up . I usually have to put a little air in it about once a week . It 's lightweight and easy to handle.The one thing that has gone wrong with the other two is in the baffles . One airbed blew out inside at the one end of it , and the other one went down the middle . The air does n't escape , but it makes for a HUGE bump or lump in the airbed !! Little bit hard to sleep on it then !! I need the extra height that it has . . it makes it pretty simple to get up off of it . There has never been a plastic smell to it . I 'm a grown woman and I fit on the twin size just fine.My one complaint is that I wish it did n't have the `` pillow rest '' . I would prefer having it completely flat as it causes my neck to hurt sometimes . I also wish there were more choices in the twin size , with the extra height . There are a lot to choose from in the queen size , but that 's too large for my house . It just would n't fit thru doorways , etc.All in all , this is a great airbed , and I will probably purchase one again when needed .
 Quickly sets up and takes down . Great sleeping and is wide enough and long enough , and most important strong enough for a 5 ' 11 '' , 230 lb . guy like me . We purchased one each for my wife and I to use when we go out on disaster relief , -LRB- as we have twice in past couple of months -RRB- . Easily compacted for storage and and stands high enough that it is easy to get on and off of . You do n't have to worry about loosing pump and having to carry an extra pillow .
 Air bed inflates and deflates fast & is comfortable to sleep on . My son 's cat has claws . But he walked on the bed without having it leak air , on the one occasion that I slept on it so far . There seems to be no need to reinflate the bed during the night .
 I have owned this bed for over a month and slept on it every night . It is really comfy and has n't lost an ounce of air since I bought it . It was really easy to inflate due to the in-built pump . I love this bed .
 I just moved out of my moms house and I did ` nt want to bring my huge bed/dressar with me so I got the airbed . Its been 2 months since I moved out and I 'm still sleeping on it . You can have it fully inflated for a very firm bed or deflate it for a softer bed . I like mine halfway deflated , its like sleeping on a cloud .
 I needed a king size guest bed solution that could be stored in a closet . When I saw this bed 's measurements were those of an XL Twin , I knew I had found my solution . I purchased 2 of them and planned to push them together to make one king bed.The twin mattress alone is unstable and wobbly but when set side by side with another twin , and used with a topper , they become more stable . In addition , I put a fitted king sheet on the bottom and top of the air mattresses to help hold them together better . I used a fitted sheet that was fitted all the way around to grip it . Then I put a cool fushion king size topper -LRB- Wal-mart -RRB- on top of the bed . That weight added more stability and made the surface feel like cloud . No more ridges or bumps from the air mattress were detectable . Then I added a king size mattress pad and 2 sheets ... that 's a total of 4 fitted on top , and 1 on bottom . Presto ! I had a king size bed that did n't wobble . Just be sure to tell your guest not to sleep in the middle and explain it is not a king bed , but 2 twins ; because when it 's made you ca n't tell it 's not a true king size bed.TIPS
 I bought this air bed to accommodate a 120 lb . guest who used it for five days . The initial fill took only a few minutes . It was really convenient . It needed only 5-10 seconds of re-inflation after 3 days to make up for lost air . Even so , we were n't sure if the bed had lost any air at all . This mattress has remained inflated for 3 weeks now without losing air as far as I can tell . I 'm happy with my purchase -- it does its job .
 My Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with built-in electric pump is convenient and very comfortable great for a one bed room apartment when you have a guest!Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump
 This bed works perfectly for me . I have a lot of family members who visit for the weekend and it is easy to set up and very comfortable .
 I needed an extra bed for a grandson 's short visit and after searching locally , decided to order this from Amazon . I 'm glad that I did because this was better quality than the ones I saw in the stores and at a good price . The bed did not lose air during his visit and was comfortable . I like that built-in pump feature because it is one less item to keep up with and it makes inflation so much quicker and easier .
 Inflates and deflates quickly . Much more comfortable than I expected . I have n't tried to fold it up yet . That could be a challenge but they included a bag so it is supposed to be possible .
 This product worked just as advertised . Inflated in less than 3 minutes , and after testing for 2 weeks , remains inflated with just minor refill of air required . Great value for the price . Highly recommended .
 Great air bed for the money . Better then I expected . Internal pump worked great both for inflating and deflating . Folds up small for travel .
 I inflated this air bed for a guest who reported how comfortable it was . The twin fitted sheet worked great and did n't slip around with the flannel surface . The installed inflation/deflation pump also worked great and was fast . My guest used the air bed for an entire week , and it never lost air or got soft . My only criticism is that the static on the rubber underside did pick up some loose dirt and dog hair that was on the hardwood floor where I placed the bed .
 My friend was coming to visit me last thanksgiving . He really liked this bed and had three nice dreams on it . Buy it and you wo n't regret .
 This mattress inflated itself in less than a minute , I did n't have to do a thing but push a button . My pets and I slept as well on it as we do our regular bed . I did put an extra blanket under the bottom sheet as the surface seemed quite cold - probably because it is sitting on a bare floor that remains extremely cold all the time . On the third day , as suggested in the directions it might , it was a little softer than I like , but took only seconds to inflate back up and it has remained nice and firm since . That was several days ago.I am very happy with this purchase and would certainly purchase another just like it should the need arise .
 While I was waiting FOREVER for my stupid movers to deliver my stuff , I had been sleeping on the floor using the 3 '' memory foam mattress pad I 'd also purchased from Amazon . But sadly it just was n't cutting it , so I bought this airbed . Put the foam pad on top and it was fabulous ! UNTIL ... one of my cats stuck a claw into the bed !!! I could n't figure out how to make the patches work and I had no glue , but since I wake up every hour from fibromyalgia conditions , I would just reinflate the bed again until it was firm . My cats loved it ! I love my cats but wanted to rip their nails out after that ! At some point I 'll patch the tiny hole and it will be good to go ! I would recommend it to anyone .
 The Intex twin sized mattress is everything , that has described it . I love the mattress as well as others , who 've tried it . Also have the queen sized mattress . Ca n't make a wrong decision with this one .
 Have used 5 air beds for children for the last month while we are in the process of moving . Beds were very easy to setup . Takes a few minutes to deflate and store , but nothing too major . Requires occasional minor re-inflation if beds remain inflated more than a few days in a row . One child had a bed-wetting issue one night and air bed was very easy to clean . Children range in age/size from 6 years to 16 years old . Out of town adult family member used a bed for a couple evenings and stated she slept very well . Highly recommended for any temporary bed needs .
 This Intex `` Pillow Rest Twin Airbed '' is easy to setup and is exceptionally comfortable for an airbed . I am `` big '' man , coming in at 250-lbs , and was concerned that that this would not support me but it held up just fine . Here are my observations : Pros - + Comfortable ; had really good sleep on this + Built-In Pump ; no need to worry about losing it + Quick Inflating ; well under 3-minutes to full inflation + Strong ; held me just fine + Height ; easy to get on and off since it raised a bit from the floorCons -- Cord does n't retract , but only a minor issueWe liked this one so much that we ordered a second one for my wife to use when traveling , which is my best endorsement.Highly Recommended!CFH
 This bed was used daily for maybe a month and did start to lose a bit of air during the night , although nothing that you could n't either sleep through or refill . It was then packed away for a few months and then brought back out again to use almost daily for several months . Again , it would slowly lose air while you were sleeping on it , so by the morning it was definitely softer . And to attempt to find exactly where the leak is coming from is yet another difficult task . If you are lucky enough to find and repair it , great , but we have n't had luck in that department.We then packed it away for about 7 months , brought it back out to use in a guest bedroom and by then the bed would deflate even more noticeably and quicker so you had to fill it during the night and hope that it would hold . But the piece de resistance or , I should say , the final nail in the coffin was one of the seams on the top portion of the mattress popped so there was a huge cylindrical lump running the length of the mattress . If a small child could handle laying on half of the mattress I guess you could live with it , but not an adult . So , the mattress is toast.All in all , we maybe were able to use it a total of 7 or 8 months -LRB- and this is with it not holding all of its air during most of this time -RRB- . So , if you need something for camping or temporary guests , etc. ... then I would say you will get your monies worth , but do n't expect ANY air mattress to last you a year or years and not have issues with losing air.If I had to purchase another air mattress , I would still stick with the Intex brand as these are considerably more affordable than the Aerobed brand , which we have also used and found they lose air at just about the same rate or even worse .
 We bought this twin air mattress for my husband to use while on a trip to New Orleans for the Youth Gathering . It was supposed to be a back up due to knowing about the lack of available beds because so many people/youth go to the event -LRB- 35,000 -RRB- . Well , he wound up having to use it for the entire 7 days and found that it was the most supportive , best quality twin air mattress he 's ever used . This is from someone who has rods in his back and finds it difficult to even sleep on hotel beds due to problems with comfort so this is very high praise for an air mattress . We both highly recommend this product ! It inflates and deflates quickly , stores nicely in the bag it comes with , and is made with durable materials . It 's not often you find an air mattress that is comfortable enough to use repeatedly for a week !
 We had family coming to visit for two weeks and needed a bed for our five year old grandson . The Intex Airbed was perfect . It was easy to blow up with the built-in electric pump . Took no time at all . Twin mattress pad , sheets and blanket fit perfect and stayed on . We did not have to add air during the two weeks . Our grandson bounced off the bed , played on the bed , and slept on the bed with no air loss at all . When our guest left the bed was easy to deflate and pack in the storage bag . I give it the highest rating and would recommend it to all who need an extra bed . This is a great product!Intex Deluxe Pillow Rest Rising Comfort Twin
 I took this with me on a vacation for our guest to use . But , it is so comfortable that it turned out that I used it the whole week and gave the guest the actual regular mattress bed and used this air mattress instead . I have used it for 3 different 1 week vacations and have had no problems with it . It even deflates electrically so it fits back into the travel bag it came with . Amazing deal .
 this product is amazing i took it camping and loved every minute of it ... it is a great product and very comfortable ... the pictures show it to have a manual inflating pump like most inflatables but this one does not have that port . Not a huge deal just thought needs to be exactly what is in picture but the actual mattress is amazing and i would definately buy one again
 I move between places a lot and hence ca n't afford to buy permanent bed frames and mattresses . I wanted to buy this portable bed and use it for everyday sleep and also as a standby couch . It 's been serving the purpose well so far for the couple of weeks . I 've got ta wait and see if any major leaks occur in the future.Here 's the reason for the missing star . It never becomes flat or very saggy , but needs air top up daily for sure . Especially since I 'm using this also as a couch to sit , sometimes I need to inflate it for a couple of minutes before going to sleep to get the firmness I want . Of course it is absolutely not as comfortable as a box spring mattress on a frame , but I can assure that this is definitely worth the bucks if the need is an inexpensive temp bed for everyday use.By the way , this very same model costs $ 89 in Walmart when I checked , hope now it is not !
 I purchased this for extra guests this summer . They remarked how much more comfortable it was than other blowup beds . It was also extremely easy to inflate and deflate quickly .
 I was quite apprehensive in getting an Intex air-bed due to its reviews on leakages and stuff . My product was fine and it did not give any problems to-date . I got this for my sister when she came and stayed with us during her break . SO far she has been sleeping on it for the past one month and she has not pumped air in since then . Initial pumping was easy and quick . How i wish it is an in-built battery operated one ! The good thing abt this bed is that it has a nice height . The disadvantage is that it wobbles when you move from side to side . Besides this , it is great !
 Used while camping for a week and was delighted by the level of comfort and the ease of inflating with the built in pump ! Air loss for me was in line with the many other airbeds I have owned , and with the built in pump , made it easy to top it off every other day or so . Highly recommend this great affordable air mattress !
 Great quality . I 've had it for about a month now , and I rarely have to refill it . I 've been using this air mattress as a bed , and it is comfortable and easy to use . The built in pump is convenient and fast .
 I 'd highly recommend this air mattress . The pump is embedded in the air mattress , which is super convenient . It inflates in a jiffy . The air mattress also seems to hold air well . It 's very comfortable , with a `` pillowtop '' of sorts on top of the main mattress . Does the job very well !
 I bought this to have for overnight guests to my small apartment . I read a lot of reviews and went to some stores looking for the best features . I found this on Amazon and it seemed to be one of the best available . It 's in my office at work at the moment where I sometimes stretch out on it and work on my laptop so I can prop up my feet . It holds the air well , and only needs a top-up every couple of weeks when I leave it blown up . The pump is not too loud , and it 's very easy to work . The electric cord is a bit short , but I got an extension cord for it so I can orient it without worrying about where the outlet is -LRB- it always seems to happen that I want to place it facing away from the outlet -RRB- . Lots of people have plopped down on it and declared it very comfortable while discussing work issues with me .
 This has saved me when visitors come for it 's SO easy to fill , and it 's comfortable for everyone - in fact , the thought has crossed my mind that I should sleep on it and give others my bed !
 This Intex airbed is a lot cheaper than the Aerobed -LRB- twin for 99.00 -RRB- I had.The pump is headen and out of the way.I purchased this because my family is going on vacation.I am thinking about purchasing the queen next for sleepovers .
 IT work great no leaks I 'm a big guy and used it for 3 weeks , Slept good .
 I am very pleased with this airbed . My guests do n't feel like they are sleeping on the floor and they can easily get in and out of bed . I always ask how they slept and all have said it was very comfortable .
 This product is worth the price I paid.Its large enough and very comfortable.Very easy to inflate .
 Things I liked
 Durable and EXTREMELY comfortable . Loses a little air over extended use , but adding air very easy .
 I am in Iraq and this mattress is great . It is 100x more comfortable then the things they call mattresses over here .
 I needed an extra bed for guests during a family visit . The airbed was quick and easy to inflate and comfortable for sleeping . The elevated height makes it easier for adults to get on and off . It did lose some air each night , but it was not a problem . Be aware that the built-in pump and electric box on the side do interfere with placement of any fitted sheet or matress cover . Best to use a flat sheet instead of a fitted sheet on the bottom .
 I bought this air bed as a third bed for hotel room stays while on vacation . The built in air compressor was a plus as I did not need a seperate unit to carry around . What I did not expect was how comfortable this air mattress really is ! With the built-in pillow and the ability to adjust the air this is a real winner . The price is right and with the bonus carry bag it 's an exceptional value ! I would recommend this to anyone needing that extra bed ! My 15 year old son uses it in his room for sleep-overs as well and they fight to see who gets to sleep on the air mattress !
 I received this as promised on time . I was thrilled at how easy it was to set-up . Biggest issue was the plug area is very small -LRB- making it hard to put the cord back -RRB- . The pillow area is smaller than it looks in the picture but since we had pillows it was n't an issue and would do just fine in a pinch . I am so glad that this ended up to be a great first purchase for me . I would suggest it to a friend and actually have . My sister is thinking of purchasing one as well since she was the 1st person to sleep on it and thought it was awesome . Nice product for the price .
 I have had this for almost 6 months and there has been no problems . For $ 40 , I think that is a good deal . Folding it up is a bit hard with the pump inside the mattress , but I guess that is the case with any model like this.It was surprisingly cheap . I remember agonizing over if I should spend more money or go with this one ... I seems to be fine.That being said , I have only used this indoors . I will do some tent camping in the summer , I think it will be fine for that also .
 I love this bed ! It is comfortable , it has an electric pump , and a velvety soft top . Plus the best part is it stores nicely .
 Pro 's / Con 's : Con 's first . It 's an air mattress , so eventually it 'll get a leak -LRB- this is of course expedited if you have cats who LOVE to play on it when inflated -RRB- . But the patch kit works perfectly and the bed will be up and running again soon . Side note - if you realize the bed has a leak , USE THE PATCH KIT . I 've tried plenty of other things , only the patch kit will fix a leak.Pro 's . It 's cheap , inflates to a high level -LRB- meaning no waking up with your butt on the ground -RRB- , and has an internal motor that conveniently stores the cord when not in use . One reviewer mentioned feeling the motor as a lump in the bed , but this simply is n't true unless you were to sleep on the bed while it was super deflated . The bed comes with a tote , so if you read the instructions on how to fold it properly when it 's deflated , you can stow away rather quickly and easily.I would buy this bed over and over again , perfect for overnight guests in my NY apartment .
 We love this air bed ! It 's our 2nd Intex twin and now we use them together to make a king bed ; add a mattress pad , king sheets , and comforter and anyone can be very comfortable . It 's easy to get up from , not like a low air mattress , even for a 60-year-old ! They do n't lose air as some have indicated in their reviews ; I leave them plugged in and with a flip of the switch check them each morning when I make them up and I can not add any new air ! We have unfurnished rental property all over that we stay in when we must do maintenance by bringing our `` king '' bed with us , saving over $ 100 each day on hotel bills ! The 2 twins paid for themselves in one night 's savings ! They easily roll down and fold into the size of the storage bag after deflating them with the built-in pump in reverse , store and travel in a very small space ; I tucked them under the back seats of our SUV . I 'm 100 % satisfied with this product and thanks !
 Shopped a lot for air mattresses . . on internet , and in stores . Other folks opinions eliminated some , cost eliminated others . At first I thought I 'd get a queen -LRB- for husband and myself -RRB- then decided on 2 twins . Getting a taller one -LRB- double high -RRB- seemed the way to go . . getting up off the floor would not be fun . I decided on these . . we slept on them for 5 nights , we re-inflated once , just a little , just because we made them too soft the first time . Inflation was a snap , and they deflated quickly -LRB- when we wanted them deflated -RRB- , and stored easily in their carrying bag . Best of all , they were very , very comfortable . We left them at my son 's one-bedroom apt , for others to use when they visited him . We had extra-long sheets from his dorm bed , so that was easy . . Did I mention these mattresses are extra long ... wonderful feature . My husbands feet were n't hanging off ! -LRB- but regular sheets would work -RRB- . Going w / the 2 twins was the way to go . A great investment for under $ 40/each . Shipping was fast , although I did pay the extra $ 6 , because I needed them fast . Some reviews complained about the built in pillow ... we did n't mind that feature at all .
 Shipping was fast and good . The mattress is comfertable and since last one month i did n't find any leakage or bulge so far .
 This bed is easy to inflate/deflate , comfortable to sleep on , even has its own bag for storage , excellent product
 I had one of these and I slept on it daily for almost 9 months . At some point , it got a hole in it , not sure if I did it or it was because it was getting old . It 's difficult to find the hole . The beds come with a patch kit though . I still have n't spent the time in finding the hole and patching it up . I bought another bed to replace the one damaged and I plan to use the old one when I discover and patch the hole .
 Purchased this for every other weekend guest . Fast to inflate . High off the floor . Large enough if you turn over your not on the floor . Pump works great .
 This air mattress does great in a pinch . It airs up quickly and has the convenient electric pump . It is also comfortable to sleep on . I like the height on it so you do n't feel as you you are sleeping on the floor . We took this air mattress with us on a trip where there were a few of us sharing a hotel room ; it was nice to have the extra bed and much more comfortable than the cot offered by the hotel . My son uses the mattress for when he has friends spend the night and it is very convenient . For the price of this air mattress , I could not be happier . It shipped fast , and it packs up nicely as well . Fits in a duffel bag for travel purposes .
 Love it ! When the boys come home and bring their friends , everyone has a bed !!! They roll up small and tight for easy storage . Also , they are very comfortable . I will even inflate one so I can enjoy sleeping by the warm fire on very cold nights .
 I bought this for the holidays for my granddaughter-8 . The set up was very easy , it took me only a few minutes to set up . I like the height of the bed and the firmness of the mattress . I would not mind sleeping on it myself . Deflating was easy too . it would be nice if they had a roll on bag to go with it , easy to transport and store . Great value . Would definitely recommend buying this .
 I crossed all my crossables in hopes that this airbed would work like I wanted it to . And it did !!!! I was amazed at how quickly it inflated ... just plug in and flip the switch ... how easy is that ! it was used by my 200 lb nephew who 's 6 ' 3 '' and he said he slept like a baby . So glad I took the plunge and ordered this .
 We had never used an Intex product before and have been very pleasantly surprised . The bed is comfortable and so easy to inflate & deflate .
 I purchased this air mattress for use when we have a full-house of guests . It received a lot of use during a seven-day period around this past Christmas . Because of space limitations , it was necessary to inflate the mattress each night and deflate it the following morning . -LRB- However , it was only folded in half to get it out of the way . We did not fold it into a small square that will fit into the storage bag . -RRB- TheIntex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pumpperformed to our satisfaction . No burst seams nor slow deflation during the night -LRB- as others have reported -RRB- . Our guest -LRB- a teen -RRB- said that it was fairly comfortable . I had tried this air mattress immediately after purchasing it , and found that it was tolerable . Of course , I 'm considerably older -LRB- and less flexible -RRB- than my teen guest.The unanswered question is
 I recently purchased the Intex Air Bed for use of a temporary mattress . Upon sleeping on it , I was surprised and impressed on how supportive it was . The built-in air pump was relatively quiet and easy to operate . I have n't had any leaks or problems with the air pump . I really enjoy the added feature of adjusting the firmness of the mattress . I 'm seriously considering buying a larger version when I move into my new house . For the price and quality , Intex is number one with me !
 Listen ... this is an airbed , so dont expect it to be as comfortable as a ` regular ' bed . It is n't . Having said that , I really like the fact that it inflates in under 30 seconds with the electric pump -LRB- you could also fill it up manually but that might take more than 30 seconds -RRB- and you can adjust how firm or soft you want it to be just by flipping a switch . It does make a bit of noise when inflating ... comparable to a vaccum cleaner , but thats a minor inconvenience . I use it for friends when they want to crash at my place , have n't had any of them complain .
 My brother was coming to visit me and I needed a guest bed . I decided to go for this one that seemed comfortable and had a great cost / benefit ratio . It inflates very quickly . I definitively recommend .
 This is a great product for the price . I would recommend getting a storage container so you do not damage the bed . I inflates and deflates within a few minutes . Very comfortable for occasional use .
 I purchased 2 of these mattresses when my 2 teenage nephews came to visit with me for 2 weeks . They had no complaints . They really liked the fact they could easily inflate & deflate them . They toted them to the beach where they stayed a couple nites over a friends house . I would definitely recommend this item . I have another queen size inflatable that is bulky and takes to long to inflate with a portable pump . This model is extremely convenient . The boys loved having a bed to take with them anywhere they wanted to go .
 I 'm recommending this bed for guests , not for a permanent bed . All of these types of beds that I 've encountered leak some with use , but this one is very easy to re-inflate as needed -LRB- plug it in and turn the switch on the bed to inflate -RRB- . The automatic de-flation is what I really like -LRB- plug it in and change the switch on the bed to deflate -RRB- . It deflates very quickly.I was even able to fold it into the little sack that comes with it.An adult relative has been sleeping on this bed for two months -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- and it has been very comfortable for him . It 's much easier to deal with than a roll-away bed .
 I recently bought a single air mattress and it is so soft and comfortable . Was shipped exactly as promised and the price was right.S . Tate
 This unit appears to be made of high quality components and materials . The height of the bed makes it function more as a normal bed in terms of firmness , in comfort while sleeping and presence in the room . I have used mine so far for one week in a hotel instead of a roll away bed , and for one week camping outdoors . The bed has not lost air . Given its relatively low cost , I feel I have recovered the value of the purchase price many times over already in cost savings in the hotel . The maid staff put fitted a standard fitted sheet on the bottom and it stayed in place through the night each day . While camping with it I felt confident that it would function well . Prior to the trip I bought one for my wife . She shares my positive evaluation of the bed . The longer it lasts now the happier I will feel , from an already satisfied state . Next use is in my son 's new place in which the guest room is yet to be furnished . My wife and I do n't like sleeping in the same bed , waking each other up too much , so the two twin setup is ideal . Now , if it only made me stop talking in my sleep ...
 we purschased this item for visits from our grandchildren . works great for extra sleeping spaces . best part was deflateing with the kids on the unit and being swallowed in the bed.easy to inflate and deflate due to electic pump . highly recommend this product .
 Recently I 've got this air bed for my guest.It includes electronic pump and it takes about 5 ~ 7 mins to completely put an air for using.No leaks and it stands for a month , but after that period , there were some air leaks . But it 's ok ! recommand !!!
 I purchased this to use @ our Son 's while taking care of Grandchildren . It was so easy to set up , so comfortable . I may purchase another to keep @ my home . Great extra sleeping for those unexpected guests . I slept on this for three weeks , never had any proble . Great product , great value . Val , from Mo. .
 Best air bed ever . . Intex makes excellent products and stand behind them . Got this bed yesterday and with out a doult best night sleep I have had . Adjusting the bed to fit your comfort is just a simple turn of the knob to release a tad of air or push the button a sec for a tad more firmness . . This one was for the guest room . But it is going to be my main bed from now on . Ordering another today for the guest room . .
 I was nervous about buying this air mattress because of the mixed reviews here on Amazon , but I needed a cheap one quickly for my brothers visit . This air bed was great ! My brother slept fine , and we did n't really have to inflate for more than a few seconds the whole time he was visiting -LRB- 4 days -RRB- . I kept the bed in my living room for a couple of weeks after he left as a spare couch/sitting area and I never did re-inflate . I also fell asleep on it more than once and found it to be very comfortable . For the price it 's great .
 This mattress is absolutely a best buy for me as I basically use it when I just need to find my own space . It 's affordable , easy to inflate , even easier to deflate and simple for anyone to do .
 Great bed !! Plugs in and fills up quickly . -LRB- less than 2 minutes -RRB- I have used it everyday for about 3 weeks . Just plug in and air pumps automatically -LRB- flip switch -RRB- into mattress in about 15 seconds once a week to firm up . Pillowtop too .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT TO REPLACE THE ONE THAT I HAD WORN OUT FROM TRAVELING , HOTEL BEDS JUST DO N'T WORK FOR ME SO , I ALWAYS CARRY MY OWN . SO FAR I AM VERY PLEASED WITH IT . I HAVE ONLY USE IT ONCE , AND I SLEPT WELL ON IT . IT HAD A NICE BAG TO KEEP IT IN . . I HAVE THE TWIN SIZE AND IT INFLATES AND DEFLATES VERY FAST . . I WOULD BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN .
 I love this air mattress so much . It is so easy to inflate and deflate and it is quick too . It is very sturdy and durable as well . Over all it is an excellent gift to anyone who expects to travel and stay over at someone 's place or even if you have a lot of guests yourself
 Its a very comfortable bed . I bought this one because of the built in pump and was happy to find that it doubles as a vacuum pump to rapidly deflate the bed when you need to pack it away.Being an air bed it is really light when inflated . It should not be used on the edge of high places or staircase case .
 Very happy with purchase . My sister was comming for an extended visitand I have only one bedroom , bought this bed and it is perfect.It 's been inflated for about 2 weeks . . lost a little air over the two weeks , but I think that is normal.Very comfortable . Inflates in minutes .
 I would recommend this air mattress . I ordered two of them for occasional use at a `` cabin . '' They arrived in good time and good shape . I noticed that they are slightly longer than some others -LRB- 80 '' instead of 76 '' -RRB- . We have n't used them enough to know how durable they are , but I would definitely recommend this air mattress for occasional use .
 A great item , perfect for family or friend visits.Good value , good quality .
 This air matress is perfect when you have last minute guest sleeping over . It is very comfortable and the built in pump is very handy .
 I have only used this product 3 times so far . I purchased two twin size mattresses and they are very comfortable . They have a built in electric pump and blow up to full size quickly . They blow up to almost couch height . In short ... so far it is a good purchase for the $ .
 I was looking into the Areo beds but for what I wanted it for they were a little high . I looked into the Intex because they parralled in quality for more then 2/3 less in cost . Quick set-up faster then what they say / soft top / heavy material / with easy deflate . Perfect for over night stays and very comfortable.Love it !!!
 This bed was purchased as a spare bed for short time visitors as we are limited in space in our Park Model RV . We needed someting that did n't take up much room to store and yet was comfortable enough so that as person could get a decent nights sleep on it . After reading all the reviews I could find , I deduced that some of these beds were faulty -LRB- like all things -RRB- and that they tended to deflate overnight , but , that most were fine . Our bed has met all of our expectations and is fine , comfortable and holds the air . I would highly recommend this product !!
 This bed is awesome , perfect size , pump works great just a bit noisy like a vaccuum cleaner , ordered it on friday got monday the next week even though i used standard shipping -LRB- 3-5 business days -RRB- .
 I needed this for a Scout outing , had no idear about air mattress . I wanted something easy to carry and not to many items . This air mattress is true to it 's word . Just like my home bed , comfort and ease of sleeping . Ease for filling and letting air out . Going to order another one that is larger .
 My dog is getting up there in years and has stiff joints . I was looking for a good bed for her and most of them started at $ 50.00 for a dog her size . I wanted something that would support her and lift her a bit off the floor . This bed came in and I filled it in less than a minute with the electric pump . I put a blanket on top of it and my dog 's bone so she 'd know it was hers . Now , three days later , she is in love with it ! I can tell she 's very comfortable on it as she is not constantly getting up and turning around trying to find a new position . She just gets on the bed , streches out and snoozes!By the way , I can tell this would make an excellent extra bed for humans as well . I laid on it and found it very comfortable . It is as high as a regular sofa off the floor , so , it 's pretty easy to get up from it.I 'm glad I made this purchase and Amazon had it here in 2 days . I 'm pleased and my dog is pleased .
 Really great airbed , comfortable , easy to inflate , portable . Seems to deflate rather quickly but only takes 5 seconds to refill .
 I bought this to keep under the bed in my toddlers room . Was packaged great , blew up fast . . less than three minutes and was n't a problem to deflate either . The bed itself is ok , I would n't say COMFY because it is an air mattress and i n't meant for long term use , but as far as air beds go . . this one is nice .
 I have n't slept on this bed yet but I inflated it , tested it and deflated it . It inflates quickly and completely and provides a comfortable surface . Even though the pump reverses to deflate the bed , the process is somewhat difficult as you have to roll it from the bottom to get the air to the deflation pump . It retains some air and does n't fold as small as when you first get it , but it does fold small enough to fit inside the carrying bag . I ca n't comment on its durability because I have n't had it long enough .
 very good product at an excellent price.Just what we needed for times when the grandkids sleep at our house.It blows up in a few minutes , no need to use the pump to let the air out , just turn the valve , the air comes out on its own in a few minutes .
 The Intex bed is a fantastic value . It holds air for a month at a time , and be adjusted while laying on the bed . One caveat -- Do Not OverInflate . The internal webbing can rip during use when over inflated , resulting in bulges on the surface of the bed . This I am sure is not exclusive to this brand .
 Good afternoon I would inform them that the item was received in perfect conditions , and they estimated the time , so I give the maximum score . thanks
 Our first one lasted about 2 weeks and the kids overloading it caused the seams to give out . Keeping the kids from jumping on it has resulted in it lasting with constant use . Holds inflation well only needs an occasional touch of air to keep it firm .
 I bought this for my daughter , she loves it . It 's easy to inflate and deflate . It 's of the ground which makes it better on the draft you feel by laying low on the floor . She only needed a twin and it 's very sufficient . Would recommend to anyone .
 I received this air bed over two months ago and we love it . I bought it for my granddaughter to sleep on and it 's the easiest thing to set up and take down to put away . I put a mattress pad on under the sheets and she says she would rather sleep on the air bed than her regular bed because it that comfortable . No leaks so far . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Bought the Intex pillow rest for visits/visitors . Inflation is quick , quiet and easy . Deflation works the same . Slight loss of air by early morning . Fits back into tote nicely , take an extra moment when flattened to tuck the sides between the upper and lower fabric , fold in thirds length wise , then role from bottom toward pump/pillow end . Easy to tote and store .
 The bed works wonderfully . I did n't like the built in pillow feature , so I turned it around and sleep very comfortably .
 I bought this to replace my queen size Intex bed that exploded inside -LRB- only lasted 6-8months ... -RRB- . I like the twin size way better because it feels more reliable with full air than the queen size . I think the queen size was just too big that too much weigh in one area caused the explosion inside . The twin size is just perfect and it makes my room look even bigger . If you 're looking for a bed for just yourself , this should be perfect !
 We received the airbeds just in time for the grand-kids - 12 and 8 yr . olds - visit . They spent a week using the beds for sleeping , playing , watching videos , etc. . They loved it ! The mattresses were very comfortable . They filled up quickly . We did refill them almost every day for 30 seconds , and that 's fine . Once the kids left , we were able to fit them in the closet shelf , til the next visit .
 It arrived faster then i thought , took like 4-5 days with the free shipping . its for my teenage son , until we can get him a normal bed . so fare he likes it , it almost feels like the real thing , its a little narrow . but works good . his room is small but it fits perfect leaving him with plenty of space . i would recommend .
 It was a c \ very comfortable sleep , I just thought it might have lost a TINY bit of air at night
 I bought this to use in our travel trailer when someone accompanies us on a trip . -LRB- you know , extra grandchildren -RRB- It worked out beautifully . Does n't take up much space yet the sleeper is comfortable as though in a regular twin bed . During the daytime , we put the inflated bed on top of our bed so it was out of the way . Very easy to move around.We found we needed to bring it home as we had more grandchildren visiting and needed the extra bed.A great investment . My only negative is it 's a little noisy when the sleeper moves around on it .
 Great product , very comfortable , and easy to inflate . Deflation takes a bit more time than inflation , but nothing too terrible . I 've used it on two different occasions and have had no problems . This is my first air mattress and I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 Hubby goes to a huge pig-roast with retired and active navy guys every year . Bunks in the campers are prized beyond all else -LRB- except the kegs -RRB- . Our friend was dumped after one of the guys decided at the last minute to not bring his camper . I had a trail of Amazon prime so I quickly ordered this mattress . It was delivered on time . It blows up pretty quick and was very comfortable -LRB- was used by two different people on different nights -RRB- . It holds air well and over a 3 day weekend only needed a quick shot of air once . I think the only complaint was it was a tad bouncy and one of the sleepers fell to the floor -LRB- maybe had something to do with the drinking -RRB- . When deflating make sure it does not suck onto itself or the pump gets whiny . Fits well in it 's well constructed carrying bag . Glad to have made the purchase . Highly recommend for a spare rack .
 This is our second Intex air bed and we have been very happy with both the Queen and Twin . Would order it again . Very easy to inflate and deflate
 I purchased this bed for a vacation trip to my sister 's lake house with my grandsons . The bed is so easy to inflate and deflate no pumps or valves . I highly recommend this product .
 bought this to add extra beds to our new summer condo , and they were easy to set up and take down . great value for the price
 THIS AIR BED IS GREAT ! I HAD PREVIOUSLY PAID WAY MORE FOR THE `` A -- O '' BRAND , BUT THIS ONE IS EVERY BIT AS GOOD AS THE MORE EXPENSIVE ONE . I AM A GAL WITH A `` MATURE '' FIGURE , AND IT -LRB- TWIN -RRB- ONLY LOST A LITTLE AIR . WITH THE ELECTRIC PUMP , NO WORRIES ! JUST A HINT FOR SOME OF YOU WITH BAD KNEES LIKE I HAVE ... I PLACED TWO CAMP COTS SIDE BY SIDE AND LAID THE MATTRESS ON TOP . PERFECT FOR THESE TIRED OLD KNESS AND BODY TO GET UP AND OFF OF . KUDOS ON THIS AIR BED !
 I ordered this over the holidays because my mother and sister were visiting and I needed additional sleeping space . I 'm very happy with my purchase ... easy assembly , take down , and storage !
 It kept air and was comfortable . I had 2 different guests sleep on it and commented how comfortable it was .
 Sleeps great , no complaints there . The only drawback is that it loses air and needs to be re-filled . That is n't much of a problem though with the electric pump , so long as you have a power outlet available .
 Ordered two and tested them out
 I bought one and it was so easy to use and quick to inflate , that I ended up buying one for a family member as well . The pump is build right into the mattress so you do n't have to worry about misplacing the pump as with many other air mattresses . Inflates in just a few minutes and the pump is not as loud as other pumps I 've had in the past .
 I bought this air bed for the purpose of daily use for 3 to 4 month period , so my point of view is from keeping it inflated since day 1 . The bed was super easy to inflate . Just plug in the attached cord in an outlet , make sure the valve is turned towards closed to keep in the air , and press the on switch on the bed . In under 3 minutes my bed was inflated to my desired firmness . I 've been using the bed for about a month , and so far so good . I sleep comfortably , and I 'm no featherweight either , so it 's important to me that the bed be able to provide support , which it does . I would highly recommend this bed so far . Will update if a problem develops but so far , after a month of daily use , it 's still going strong .
 I downsized and lost my guest room . But now the grandkids fit just perfectly in my office . And the sheets stay on .
 Buy this with confidence . We know own 2 and they are both great . Out of the box they inflate properly , last and are problem free
 I am living in DC and needed a mattress for my 3 month stay . This has worked perfectly and I could not be happier with this product - HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!!
 I ordered this Airbed to set up next to my whelping box while waiting for puppies to arrive . I wanted something comfortable since I knew I would be spending a lot of time on it for the next couple of weeks . This bed is FANTASTIC , inflates in less than a minute to any fill that suits and deflates just as easily . I even had plenty of room for my Chihuahua to share my bed ... . Highly recommend this item and seller ... arrived swiftly and safely .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old . It 's a nice height and is durable . I love the fact that the pump is built in and has a spot inside the mattress for cord storage . It does n't take long to fill up and the air does n't leak out . It 's quiet compared to other air mattresses we 've used that have separate pumps .
 I purchased this to use for one overnight when I was visiting my friend in another state . It 's very easy to transport , the mattress , pump , and power cord are all well contained , and it comes with a bag for storage . Set up is incredibly easy and it only takes a few minutes for the bed to fully inflate . Sleeping on the bed was very comfortable for the one night I stayed on it . You ca n't feel the pump through the mattress and the built-in pillow is an amazing addition . Folding it back up can be a little frustrating , but if you follow the procedure in the instructions it makes it easier.I 've only slept on the mattress for one night , but from what I 've seen so far , I 'm very happy with it .
 purchased for my sons room for his friends to sleep on . Love the ease of not having to attach an air compressor to blow it up . My 14 year old can do it all by himself . Next day a very small amount of air is gone but that 's normal . Very happy
 Yes , I would highly recommend purchasing this air bed . It was very comfortable for one person and easy to handle . The power pump installed makes it quit efficient as well . I have already shared with a couple of people how convenient this air bed is .
 With a bad back , it is difficult to get off the floor when using an air mattress . The height of this solved that issue for me . The first mattress we received , leaked and I spent one very unpleasant night . But Amazon paid the costs of shipping it back , and the new one is doing well .
 I purchased for my guest room for overnight stays for family members.this holds up very well especially for grandchildren
 I order and this for my granddaughter and anyone else who needed to spend a nite , this is amazing , its off the floor the sheets stay in place , so easy to electricy blow up and also to take the air out , wow , when I wanted this at first I went to walmarts they wanted this price for just the air matteress , this came at a lower price with the built in pump , came ontime and I would tell anyone who needs one this is the best
 This air mattress works great and is very sturdy as well ! It has a quick acting blower on it that has worked flawlessly . The mattress airs up in just a couple minutes and has never had a leak what so ever.It comes with a spare patch and a storage bag . The stock storage bag is a bit small so a duffel bag is used to make sure the air mattress is not ripped trying to cram it into the stock storage bag . This air mattress is collapsed and stored every day and has never faulted once . I 'm told it is quite comfy as well.The price on this was the best I could find on the internet for a twin air mattress with a self contained electrical air pump . If your looking for an air mattress , give this one a try . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Excellent workes great and very sturdy to sleep on . The fact that the pump is built in is the best feature
 I ordered this for a friend who was displaced and has had to start over . He had a Airbed from a store but kept having to bring it back due to leaks and other problems . This bed looked much more comfy and with my Prime discount I sent it to him . Within the two day time frame it arrived and as soon as the other bed sprung another leak he put it to work . He says it 's very comfy compared to the other so if he 's happy I 'm happy with the product
 bought the same product in a retail store and paid $ 10 more a few months prior . we needed something comortable for visitors - meets the need . fast and easy set up and break down . just what we were looking for at an affordable price : -RRB-
 Decent product . I had to sleep on it for a few nights and I survived . It is comfortable enough to pass out on It stayed inflated the whole night and deflates well . It comes with a sack for storage , though my folding skills are pretty lame , so fitting it into the bag is a challenge for me .
 My daughter purchased this airbed for my long weekend visit to her one bedroom apartment . For three straight nights , I slept great . It did n't hold all its air all that time but what air mattress would ? With the built-in pump , I just had to throw the switch and within seconds it was firm , comfortable and ready for another night 's sleep.I also want to mention how easy this bed was to get out of . I have arthritis in my knees . Because this bed is the height of a mattress and box springs , I was able to get up and down easily . This also made it a great place to sit . This product is absolutely worth the money !
 I ordered 2 of these for some guests visiting for a couple of days , and they looked like a good balance -LRB- not the very cheap/manual pumps and not the very sophisticated ones that cost almost like a new bed -RRB- ... PROS - Very compact packaging . You can -LRB- with some effort even put it back in the bag , as show in the photos/ads -RRB- - Good and intuitive pump -LRB- just turn left/right to inflate/deflate and plug in the power outlet -RRB- - Wide enough . Although it 's a twin , sometimes these twin air mattresses are tiny and can fit only kids . This is a really good side bed.CONS - The top of the bed is not flat/smooth -LRB- has the wavy look as you can see if you look closer in the photo -RRB- . So it 's best to have a thich sheet on it , to make it feel even.Overall , a good value , doesnt take too much space and pump makes it easy/quick to set it up
 The only thing that kept this from being a 5 star rating was that the bed loses air through the night . Not a lot , but enough to comment . Other than that , it 's quick , easy and comfortable . I would recommend it for those who need a quick spot to sleep .
 I am very happy I decided to buy this matress . I was sleeping on it for about three weeks and it was super comfortable . I definitely recommend it !
 Prompt delivery , great product . I used the port to get more of my sub-woofer sound from the trunk into the cabin of my 57 Chevy . Works great !
 I paid 95 at comp usa -LRB- known for being overpriced -RRB- over a year ago.anyways , The case does n't get the best air so I 'd recommend getting more fans.If you have problems with the front USB hubs -LRB- pc freezes when you plug something in them -RRB- , unplug the very BOTTOM black wire . -LSB- r | r -RSB- -LSB- w | w -RSB- -LSB- g | g -RSB- -LSB- b | b -RSB- -LSB- b | -LSB- -RSB-
 Excellent case ! It comes in handy once a month for lan partys due to the carrying harness . Not to mention the weight will not break your back compared to other cases.I have owned SFF -LRB- Small Form Factor -RRB- machines in the past but I have to admit nothing beats the cooling and hardware upgrade potential of the Antec Super Lanboy .
 Just got this case to add an X800XL with 500W + PS to my machine.Switching the board to this new case was easy and they give you plenty of spare parts just in case.Make sure you point the back fan toward your CPU and turn the front fan around to blow the hot air out ; I also added a PCI fan at the bottom of the case.When playing games , I get around 38C for the case and in the mid 50 's for the CPU and GPU . As far as I know , that 's pretty good ... On negative thing is that Antec did n't have a back cover for my onboard stuff -LRB- USB , print port ... -RRB- . No big deal considering it 's a pretty good case.One more thing ... Because it has 2 large fans , it could be noisy to some ; I 've noticed the difference coming from a Sony 430G case -LRB- pretty quiet -RRB- . BTW , carrying straps are also included if you want to take your machine on a trip with you -LRB- ??? -RRB- . Enjoy !
 I was looking for an affordable aluminim case , which looked good and did n't cost an arm and a leg . Antec surprised me with this SuperLanBoy model.Not only does it work great -LRB- specially with led fans -RRB- but it also helps you keep your P4 system cool.Together with an Antec TruePS power supply , the chances of your system malfunctioning due to a cpu/mobo heat-related problem are zero.If you are building the ultimate `` fail-proof '' system , I recommend the use of 5,400 rpm hard drives -LRB- like Samsung 's SV1204H if you can still find them -RRB- , instead of the overheating 7,200 ones .
 I like this , got it for the large fan in the front , I 'm a gamer.The only problem is some large M/B may hit the little draw but this is a awesome case.It is lite and works well.I use the Antec 900 now as it has more and bigger fans.But this one looks cooler . Lots of lights and cool air .
 I bought my first Super LanBoy case back in November 05 ' and really liked the case . The design and construction is typical for what you would expect from Antec . Which is a quality product . The removable drive trays are a nice feaure , and the ventalization is more than adequate for cooling things down . The case has worked well and I recently purchased a second one for a friend 's computer . I ended up installing a blue LED in the case itself , which looks pretty cool through the plexi side panel . The front fan has a blue LED from the factory.About the only negative thing I can say about the case is that it 's a bit pricey considering that it does n't come with a power supply . If you 're going to use a case like this , normally you 'd want to be run a good powersupply which usually start in the $ 50 range . Overall buy this case if you like the style . You wo n't be disappointed .
 purchased another case from another company came broken twice , cheap quality , but purchaed this one from amazon and have not had any problems with it . You can not go wrong with an Antec case , they are simply the best .
 Pros
 I just got this case in and its wonderful . At first , I was a little skeptical because this case is very flemsy when you take it out of the box . Its also VERY light . This explains how thin the material is . However , once I put everything in to the case , it looks great . Also , putting everything in to the case is actually very simple . I did it in about 30 minutes . Its very quiet too ! I ca n't even hear it . The downside to this is that you can hear almost every sound your HD makes . I 'm going to be adding some better 120mm fans to the case when I get a chance because the ones it comes with , while quiet , seem a little on the weak side as a result .
 I made my own multimedia console using this product so the panels could be removed for easy access.They fit tight with no vibrations from the speakers . Would use them again .
 I bought this for a older computer , to run older DOS games with Sound Blaster . It works excellently in that regard , it runs all my older games -LRB- like Descent , Duke Nukem 2 ect . -RRB- it also has more crisp sound than my on-board motherboard sound . It also is excellent for using a MIDI keyboard , as the waveset sounds very cool.Its quite aged now though , so obviously its not as good has some of Creative 's newer models . But overall it works pretty well for a basic computer setup . I have it currently installed in my new P4 , still way better than that of my motherboard.If you want a good card for newer gaming though , buy a Sound Blaster X-FI .
 I love this printer . The quality of the photos print are exceptional.The set up/installation was a breeze except for a mistake -LRB- on my part -RRB- I had attached the USB and Parallel port at the same time to facilitate a scanner/printer function and this caused no ends of problems.However apart from this the printer is very good , the card reader facility is excellent , I no longer have to hook up the camera and download my photos to my computor , just stick the card in the slot the computor reads this slot as another drive and then drag and drop files from the card reader driver to your drive on the computor.The 4x6 photo paper slot is very convenient.I have two concerns1 . This printer seems to use ink especially color very quickly , however this may be because the starter ink cartridge is smaller than the regular sized cartridge - 21ml vs 42ml . I will have to test with a larger size cartridge .2 . The printer is a bit noisier than I think it should be.All in all a satisfactory product .
 I 've had the photosmart 1115 for 5 years now , and it is still going strong . I use it quite often to produce photos as well as color printouts.The only problem I 've ever had is with it taking more than one piece of paper when printing . Sometimes it will grab 2 or three at a time - irritating when making multiple copies - but not much of an issue for me as I usually make them one at a time .
 It is easy to install with Windows XP . No need to worry about using camera software or hook ups and wasting camera batteries . It saves pictures to your PC for you . It also prints beautiful photographs on any paper , and it is selling out like crazy . I grabbed the last one on the shelf at Walmart . Circuit City is sold out . Trust me , get it and sit back and relax .
 I love this printer - my only complaint is that it shoots the paper out - you would think they could have a decent paper trayinstead of shooting my still damp photos across the room .
 Print gets a A + . One problem guys - USE ONLY NAME BRAND CARTRIDGES -LRB- No Generic -RRB- . The HP - Representative said if you use any thing other than HP - This VOIDS the Warranty . He told me a guy bought the 1115 model and the Generic Cartridge -LRB- BLEW UP -RRB- . HP would not support fixing this printer . He told me these cartridges are HIGH PRESSURE . They are combustible . Pass this on guys .
 Best printer I have owned . DO NOT buy an Epson C80 -LRB- which came with my Dell PC -RRB-
 Setup was total of 10 min. , Works great right out of the box with no problems . This printer is very quite and quality is excellent . I am a professional designer with lots of ink jet experience -LRB- desk to large format -RRB- . For a consumer printer its great . You can complain about high ink costs , but , realize that over the long run the printer will work great everytime because HP includes a new print head on every cart that you buy . I have a HP 550c from 9 yrs ago -LRB- still working -RRB- and an epson 660c that just died.Just look at the customer reivews , compare.This printer is worth it.Markomark
 Got this printer yesterday and printed everything GREAT . LOOKS FANTASTIC ON PAPER .
 Great Printer , but does get a bit cranky at times . The 2 side print capability is a plus , saving paper & making printouts more compact . Does a 4 + job on photos , but hard to use the small photo tray . I 've used this printer for approx 2 years and just now feel it may be time to upgrade . I feel I made a good choice for my photos .
 Great printer ! Fast and awesome color printing !
 The HP Photosmart 1115 is very good . I have n't had any problemswith it . I have printed many 8.5 by 11 photos with crisp color.The picture is only as good as the photographer . If you did nottake a clear picture , then do ' t expect a miracle from Photosmart.I would recommend it to anyone . It does a beautiful job.That iscorrect to with the print cartridges , both last a good while.I had printed many photos before I had to change it . So thereyou have it . Photosmart is reasonably priced and easy to use .
 Just brilliant color quality and great B&W. ; When using photo paper you can not see any pixelation ! It 's like having your own printing lab.Unlike my many epson printers in the past , there is also no degradation in quality over time -LRB- 8 mths . -RRB- The one problem I had was that the printing unit inside was stuck when it arrived . It made an awful grinding sound when it tried to start up , so I had to call support -LRB- not toll free !! -RRB- . They explained that I had to apply pressure to a certain area to free the unit . It was all a bit stressful and it eventually worked and I have had no problems since.The ink cartridges seem to last way longer than my epson ones did in the past . Just recently changed both -LRB- 8 mths -RRB- with fairly regular use . I probably printed 50 + 4x6 glossies.I have not seen or tried any of the newer epsons , they may be be comparable in all respects . I have my doubts though ... it worked flawlessly on my XP OS .
 Although most people say the prints are grainy , I disagree . I recently purchased this printer , and got some Kodak Ultima Premium High-Gloss , Heavy Weight photo paper , and I have to say , the picture quality is INCREDIBLE ! I tried printing photos with low gloss , lightweight paper , and I will say that the quality was somewhat comparable to my old Canon BJC-2100 . If you get the right photo paper for this baby , though , it can print some excellent photos at a fraction of the cost for some super high-end models with DPI resolutions beyond what we really need . If you stick these photos in a picture frams , you ca n't even tell the difference between real photos and photos printed with this thing . All in all , I think it is well worth the money .
 I purchased this monitor about two weeks ago and have been extremely impressed . No dead pixels , very bright screen -LRB- yet highly adjustable -RRB- , and 8 ms -LRB- not 20 ms -RRB- response time is fast enough even to play games , though I bought the unit mostly to decrease eye strain when reading web content.Speaking of which ... I only use this display with ClearType . Anybody using an LCD should seriously consider ClearType , as it seems to improve readability of text . If you 're an internet news junkie like me , you 'll want as much clarity as possible.The onscreen menu is very simple and straightforward though you wo n't use it very often . It 's the same system used on other Viewsonic monitors - two `` select '' buttons , two `` arrow '' buttons.The manual is minimalistic but covers what you need to know.The digital input provides an astoundingly crisp display ! I also have it connected to an analog input from another system -LRB- you can switch between them -RRB- and the difference is noticeable , but I would n't hesitate to recommend the analog input . And if you 're switching from a tube-display , even the analog is a huge improvement.The built-in speakers are OK . They 're nothing to write home about , and they ca n't handle much power , so do n't plan on using them for music playback or even gaming audio . But if all you want is a simple `` noise maker '' for the occasional PC sounds , they work just fine . -LRB- They 're only an inch tall ... what do you expect ? -RRB- Viewsonic 's warranty is a full three years including the backlight . This was very important to me as I 'm not about to attempt a backlight swap-out . -LRB- There are folks who 've done it , but I wo n't be one of them . -RRB- I 've owned Viewsonic monitors -LRB- home and work -RRB- for many years , and their quality is top-notch . They cost a little more , but provide excellent performance . I 've had some models -LRB- tubes -RRB- in use for over 4 years without any problems . This one has been a real pleasure so far and I do n't regret the purchase at all .
 This review was written based on the following configuration : - HP desktop with an Intel Pentium D930 with Win XP Pro and 1GB memory - Using the DVI cable -LRB- supplied by Viewsonic -RRB- from an EVGA FX5500 AGP 256MB video card . - Running at the best resolution prescribed by the monitor -LRB- 1280 x 1024 -RRB- . - No monitor or text-enhancing software has been applied.In my opinion , all LCDs should be run using the DVI cable and a good quality video card -LRB- about $ 50 and up . -RRB- The VGA cable will run the LCD , but the text MAY be less sharp . Installing/upgrading your video card is as easy as installing your new monitor , and will make your video experience that much better.The monitor is mounted on the wall about 2-feet -LRB- .6 m -RRB- from me , and I have never had a problem viewing the text on the web or in MSWord while in it 's native 1280 x 1024 resolution . -LRB- TIP
 Excellent display for the price . With built in speakers and narrow profile fits my application -LRB- CAD -RRB- well . Response time -LRB- 20Msec . -RRB- may be a bit slow for some gamers .
 I recieved this monitor today . Hook up was real easy . All cables included , even the DVI cable . I have a Dell 19 '' at work and could n't stand my 17 '' ViewSonic CRT anymore at home . Decided to spend the money . Picture quality is great , better than the 19 '' Dell -LRB- about 6 months old -RRB- . Do n't know why , could be the response time of 8ms . Had to run a manual install because I was running XP , but the instructions were clear and it went without a hitch.I like the autoadjust feature for picture quality . Seemed to work good for me . I did it while I was looking at the adobe instructions , so it made it nice , clear and bright -LRB- white with black lettering -RRB- . Ran a dead pixel checker I found on-line . No dead pixels.Looked at other stores , cheaper prices by a few dollars out there , but the shipping added up . Decided with Amazon since I know I can trust them if I had probelms.I do n't do much gaming , but edit pictures with Adobe . Picture quality looks great . Speadsheets/Word/email look real good too.I was going to get the VA20b but decided on this model because of the dual input options DVI and analog . I am only in the analog mode , but figure for a few extra bucks I can have a monitor that can be used with my next computer purchase in a year or so . I did quite a bit of research , and kept going back to viewsonic , 19 '' . Decided against wide screen , since I do n't watch movies on my computer and the actual screen area is bigger on this model since the 19 '' is measured diagonally on both models.All in all , very satisfied .
 Received the monitor from Tigerdirect in about 5 days after ordering with standard shipping . I was surprised it was not sealed in the Viewsonic box , and could be opened easily , with only a UPS shipping label attached . It seemed to be all right with everything inside and in perfect condition.I had no trouble with installing it and the drivers on the CD provided and found a newer , signed driver on the Viewsonic website that I downloaded and installed for Windows XP Home Ed . I am pleased with it but found one dead pixel a couple inches from the lower right corner . I called Viewsonic and also read on their website that it is considered industry standard to have up to 7 dark or bright pixels on a 19 inch LCD monitor . I was told they would not replace it unless it was in the middle of the screen . I checked it really well with a white background and only found one , so I am keeping it . I could send it back and still get another one with a dead pixel . I guess it is difficult to make it without any when there is over 4 million pixels ! It is hardly noticeable . I like perfection when something is new , though.They also supplied a DVI cable as well as a D connector cable even though the description did not list it . I hope to be able to use this DVI input , but for now , do n't have anything that will output DVI . I looked at the TV receivers that Viewsonic made , but it did not look to me like they had DVI output . The analog output is more than adequate.I would recommend buying this monitor at the price in Amazon of $ 268 .
 I 've been using this monitor for about 2 weeks now . Easy to set up , works great ! No dead pixels . I 'm using the analog input for my old PC and the DVI input for me new PC . Even my 7 year old PC looks great on this using the analog input ! Minor complaint
 I was looking for a second monitor when I upgraded my Mac so I could let my husband use it . I had borrowed this monitor from a friend while we were in the process of finding cables for my old monitor and was really impressed with the quality so I bought one for my husband . No problems with installation or use . Great quality at a great price .
 Renders great images , sharp text , pics . A great monitor and a great price at the time purchased . Unless you are bent on a widescreen , this is a great option and with everything moving more toward widescreen formats , probably a great time to pick up on this one . I have been using mine for over 1 year without so much as a single pixel problem .
 I have had this monitor for over a year now and it has been a great experience . The picture quality is excellent and the monitor looks attractive even when the computer is off -LRB- I have it attached to a PC in my living room -RRB- . Unlike some other reviewers , I have not had any color problems or distortions with the monitor and have used both the VGA and DVI inputs .2 minor gripes .1 . The power button is small and difficult to turn off - it doubleclick - I often turn the monitor off and it comes back on .2 . The volume controls are cumbersome , but I do n't use the monitor speakers anyway .
 This is a bright , clear , large LCD monitor for a good price . That 's all that I care about -- it works as it should .
 This product came with very little ` hook up ' instruction , however , everything went together as planned . It worked beautifully right out of the box , but got even better when ` tweeked ' per instructions from the included CD . I have looked at much higher priced units and they do not perform better . The speakers sound somewhat ` tinny ' , but I do not plan to listen to serious music on them anyway . The cleanup of ` real estate ' on my desk more than compesates for any loss in audio quality .
 comes with dvi cable plug it in and your all set great picture
 By far this is the best moniter that I have ever had
 My purchase of this monitor was for the DVI and worked out greatI would recommend this product to anyone ...
 Are you ready to access all your media at the touch of a button ? If you own an mp3 player , chances are you 're hooked . Imagine that capability for all your movies and TV content too.In essence , the HP Digital Entertainment Center is a PC that looks like a stereo component and hooks to your TV , your other stereo components , and your speaker system . It 's intended to hold all your digitized media -LRB- movies , TV , music , and photos -RRB- and make all your content easily accessible.I 've owned the HP z552 Digital Entertainment Center PC for just over a month , and I am very pleased with this impressive PC . It 's a lot of power for the money . -LRB- The z555 is a step up , with a larger hard drive and a third TV tuner that receives over-the-air HD programming . -RRB- My HP Digital Entertainment Center is blazing fast and processes my video far better than my other PCs . I 've ripped my entire DVD library onto this baby , using easy to use freeware -LRB- DVD Shrink -RRB- . The movies look as good as they do off my DVDs . I 've also got all my digital photos on it , and my entire music library . The photos look fantastic on my TV . We use the DVR feature to record shows while watching others , and the TV guide feature is localized to my city and works very well . I find the combo keyboard/mouse easy to use and comfortable while sitting on the couch . The DVD player/burner works well . I have n't tried the cool `` Lightscribe '' feature yet , but I will soon . It 's a special HP technology that burns labels right onto your DVDs.Set up was far easier than I 'd expected . HP did an outstanding job with the instructions . The best I 've seen anywhere . I wish my stereo components had explained things this easily . Now I understand why things are connected the way they are . Phone support is also good , and this product comes with 24x7 . I had to call the first week to replace the keyboard and HP was courteous and friendly . They sent me a replacement within a few days , no questions asked.I like how this product comes with two operating system interfaces
 The cable works perfectly and was obviously professionally made . They worked great for bridging our LIU to our switch across the wall at gigabit speeds , and I would expect much higher if necessary . The price seems to have gone way up since I bought it however , making it not as great of a deal , even with the fast Prime shipping .
 This earset must be tried ; it is nothing like what you used as a kid . It fits well , is light and guess what - no hands !
 With 40 second anti-skip protection , dynamic bass boost , extended battery life , and shock protection this is a fully-featured portable CD player . Then add a high degree of programming flexibility . You can program up to 24 tracks to play in any order and with any number of repeats . With an appropriate adapter , it works well in a car -- even my bouncy old Toyota Tacoma truck did n't faze it . Jogging , walking , and riding the exercise bike also do n't bother it -- I 've never made it skip . -LRB- Although that may say more about my lax exercise habits than the Koss !! -RRB- The headphones that come with it are fine , but I swapped them out for Koss ' noise reducing headphones . I travel a lot by plane and those headphones block out most noise . The sound is great . Not surprisingly , it is optimized for rock -- classical does n't work as well . You lose some of the high end of the orchestra . Battery life is surprisingly long . Highly recommended .
 the scanner is great . i love it , there are a few different scan types and to me that is a good feature because i can go from photos to notes in school in three clicks of a mouse . the scanner not having a power cord makes all the difference . it was a really good buy for me .
 i really like this little scanner , it work really good for what i use it for . It was easy to set up its fast and it dosent take up a lot of room
 The installer was a bit klunky , but this scanner gets the job done .
 The scanner seems to be just what I need although I have n't had a chance to use it yet . I 'm taking it to Africa where I 'll be scanning documents in a library . Update . It is now 2011 and I am still using this scanner . It is so easy to use .
 I bought this scanner and I am really amazed by the software it has . It is easy to use , reliable and extremly fast . I am very happy with its performance . It can run continuously for about an hour and produce 50 to 60 copies .
 This Visioneer scanner is an excellent product for the price and absurdly simple to use . Delivers high quality picture scans , and posseses OCR capability as well . Its sleek design and light weight make it very desktop friendly .
 I was very happy with the product and also the fast delivery time ! Great price ! Works great !
 when i got the scanner i was thrilled . . it was ultra slim and was very light to carry . . the usb power connection meant no extra cables . . i loaded up the software and then started the problems . . it just wouldnt install properly . . thats when i discovered that this particular model does not have a Vista compatible driver , from the Visioneer site . . then i called their support staff . . and three calls later , after having spent twenty minutes on hold . . i was told that the driver may be release ` soon ' . . so for now i have to use it with another laptop that has windows XP as the operating system . . the good news . . i mentioned before , its light and slim ... its cheap . . great for OCR work and scanning pictures . . not any expert on the quality of the pictures i scanned but they came out alright . . and fairly sturdy . . so its a great buy . . but look out for a Vista driver if you have Vista on your PC before considering this product .
 had it for a year - very good scans , much faster than budget Canon scanner and feeds itself from one USB cable . Software is easy to use , again better than Canon that died after 3 years of use .
 Color , grayscale and monochrome modes work well with Windows and Linux . Windows installation was a little clumsy , perhaps because the drivers for an older Visioneer scanner were still installed . Linux immediately recognized the scanner .
 Instructions were clear . Steps outlined . Seemed foolproof . After installing the new software , hookup with the included USB cable was a breeze . Great machine and easy to use . Software was user-friendly . Check out this machine and you will be pleased .
 I bought it several months ago . I gave it 5 stars because it fits my scanning needs and worked without a glitch from the git go . Portability is a big plus . Whenever I need it away from home , I just put it in my backpack along with my laptop.As one of the previous customers mentioned , this model saves images only in . max paperport format . This is very inconvenient indeed . However if you use OCR software with the scanner it usually lets you save scanned images in TIFF -LRB- lossless -RRB- format recognizable by image editing programs like Adobe Photoshop . That 's how I scan images on this one.I mostly use this scanner for OCR -LRB- Optical Character Recognition -RRB- , and it works smoothly with Abbyy FineReader . So , no issues here with TWAIN compatibility . Scanning speed at 300-600 dpi for grayscale and b & w ; is adequate.I wish the underside of the cover would be black not white . When scanning text , it would prevent bleeding through from the back of the page.For under $ 80 with no tax and free delivery , it 's a good buy .
 I installed this card in 5 min . in a 3-year-old Dell running Win XP , with the single goal to connect an iPod -LRB- 4th gen. 20 GB -RRB- . Contrary to what another rater indicated , the iPod WAS immediately recognized using the firewire cable and continues to connects everytime just fine .
 I installed this card on a 5 year old Dell computer running Windows 2000 Professional . I only had to install the card , and it immediately started working perfectly with no additional software drivers needed .
 This thing was easy to intall . I have a Dual 1.25 G4 Mac . No driver installations under Panther 10.3.3 . If you 're pre 10.2.X on a Mac you 'll have to visit Iogear 's website for USB 2.0 drivers . You should n't have any problems using this card with a G5 given the bus supports PCI cards either . Apple should just sell this card in their stores . This is my first Iogear product , and this is the best combo firewire/usb PCI card currently on the market .
 For $ 40 , you trade an open PCI slot in your desktop for 2 firewire ports and 3 USB 2.0 ports . I 'm running Win XP Home ; for me , the card installed without problems and runs fine . Considering today 's profusion of USB devices , adding this card to my PC has been a cheap and useful device management solution .
 This is so much better than an external device . No extra power source to worry about and less clutter . If you 're looking for extra USB and Firewire ports , this is the way to go . I only wish the firewire speed was 800 instead of 400 , but at $ 40 , who can complain ? If you think you 're a luddite and ca n't install a PCI card , I can tell you it 's really easy . Not much different than plugging in your USB device , actually . Just open your computer , remove the PCI cover -LRB- one screw -RRB- and pop this one in ! And if you have Mac OSX 10.28 or above , no driver is needed . I was up and running in five minutes .
 No fuss , no muss . Just plug it in the PCI slot and reboot . Windows XP installed it automatically and I was up and running.It could not have been easier unless someone else did it for me ...
 I was in a pickle ... My Sparc SunBlade 100 server died and I had all my backups on a Firewire/Usb drive in UFS2 format ! I had an Ultra-60 , but it used SCSI disks , no firewire or USB and my SunBlade disks were IDE.I installed the GUF320 on my Ultra-60 and it worked flawlessly with OpenSolaris . I set up the server and was back in the pink in just a few hours after receiving this unit .
 My computer was one of the first to have XP and USB 2.0 was n't available in 2001 when I bought it , but I do n't need a new computer . When I bought a new IPOD however , it was inevitable that I was going to want the much faster speed that USB 2.0 brings . So I asked a friend how to go about it . It 's so easy ! I ordered and received the card , opened the computer , being careful to unplug it and avoid getting static electricity , plugged in my new card in the PCI slot -LRB- My friend had showed me what one looked like . -RRB- , reconnected everything . XP recognized the new hardware and that was it . It could not have been any simpler . My IPOD works really fast now and I have the firewire option too , just in case I buy something else that needs that . I would definitely recommend this card . It was easy and it works .
 I use this all day for work . Not only does it continue the sleek and simple look of my computer , but it also didnt put a dent in my wallet .
 This card installed without a hitch on my Dell Dimension with Windows XP Pro -LRB- Service Pack 2 -RRB- . It was n't even necessary to install any drivers ; Windows simply detected the new FireWire and USB devices and installed them without prompting.The device works great . I noticed a huge increase in transfer speeds coming off my USB 2.0 capable digital camera -LRB- my Dell came stocked with USB 1.1 only -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this PCI card !
 This card is an excellent combination of both Firewire and USB2 .0 ports , making it a very good single PCI slot way of adding both capabilities to an existing PC . I have two of these cards in two different PCs and they have both worked flawlessly , the first one for over a year now and the second one since I purchased it several weeks ago . This card has wide OS support . I have used it under Windows 98 SE , Windows ME and Windows XP , and also under several variants of Linux , including VectorLinux , Arch Linux and recently Yoper Linux 3.0 . The price is very reasonable for what you get . So , with a reasonable price , a compact single slot `` footprint '' and wide OS support , this card is a great way to augment an existing PC . Strongly recommended .
 I ordered this card yesterday -LRB- 19 Oct 2006 -RRB- and received it today -LRB- 20 Oct 2006 -RRB- , free shipping with Prime - excellent service.The card?I installed it in my Quicksilver in 3 minutes and 2 minutes later my USB 2.0 300GB external disk drive was screaming through a complete backup.No need to go to the vendor 's web site for drivers - Tiger supports it out of the box . Superb value .
 Installation was flawless . The USB 2.0 throughput is amazing.I 'm running XP Pro with SP2.Highly Recommend .
 This is a no brainer . Simple to install , works as advertised . Price was excellent too .
 If you 're without firewire or USB 2 connections this card is a must have item . I can now plug my camcorder into my PC and download video footage . It 's really easy to install and works right out of the box with Windows XP .
 When I first tried to use this card , I had Windows Me , and an external USB Ethernet between my computer and the modem for my High-Speed Cable service . It totally disconnected me from the internet when I tried to route it through the USB 2.0 ports . The Windows Internet Connection Wizard was of no help in getting me back online . I had to remove the circuit board and use the restore feature on my boot-up floppy , just to get internet access through my USB 1.1 port again.In order to use this board for all other USB 2.0 devices and with internet access , the solution ultimately came from a free , self-install , rollback program created by my ISP . It informed me that 14 internet settings had been changed by the -LRB- re -RRB- installation of this hardware/software . Two years later , I reformatted my hard dive with Windows 2000 , and got an external USB 2.0 Ethernet . Installation was easier because no driver software had to be installed with Windows 2000 . I was now able to get internet access through the USB 2.0 ports , but it frequently disconnected me . Again , I had to re-route internet service back through my USB 1.1 port.This card works for all other USB 2.0 purposes , but not for internet access .
 this is a European brand , and I was n't sure with the metric to inches that it would work , but perfect fit .
 I bought my first Xerox DocuMate 510 in mid-2008 . It works so well that when I wanted to replace an aging scanner for another office machine , I simply bought it again . I am running Win XP -LRB- paid extra not to get VISTA when I bought new machines -RRB- and find this scanner , combined with PaperPort 11 , works beautifully . I do not use the `` single touch '' software that comes with it , having long since learned to use PaperPort for all scanning , so I can not comment on its functionality . The machine itself does everything it saws , without error .
 This is a fine product to use if you have several documents to scan it takes the toil out of having to be repetitious only drawback is it does not work with VISTA OS
 This scanner is very fast and error free . It works great with Windows Vista . This is the best scanner I have ever owned and I will definitely purchase another one . I am scanning every paper record I have to make everything digital .
 I am converting my office to digital . I have purchased two prior scanners that could not handle the volume . The Xerox DocuMate 510 enables me to scan boxes of closed files with efficience . For the price it is more than a I had thought possible .
 This scanner is the first scanner I have ever used that I am acutally happy with . The PaperPort software is a powerful tool . ADF feeds legal and letter size sheets very well , scans quite quickly , although not as fast as some . Overall , I am very happy with the product .
 This scanner is everything that I expected and more !!!! I can not express how happy I am with this scanner . It scans quickly - both with the auto document feeder and the flatbed . The step-by-step installation instructions were very easy to follow.I highly recommend this scanner to anyone who wishes to purchase a high-speed , inexpensive scanner .
 I bought this scanner in 2006 and its 2012 . It still works . I bought to use instead of a fax machine . With efax you have the option to email or fax the document from your computer . This is hands down the best office equipment I 've ever bought . I use to be in the mortgage industry and would have to scan 200 pgs . This scanner saved me the time and frustration of a fax machine . Someone stated on here that they had error messages and it would n't save the scan . That was not my experience . Every machine acts up here and there . When I did have a jam . All you have to do is set it to pdf . You can literally add the 2nd scan on top of the original scan by dragging it on top of it with your mouse . Love it !
 This item is terrific ! I have been using scanners since 1983 and this one is the nicest . I do not have a degree in Computer Science , my degree is in English and History . Read the directions and use the telephone once or twice with Xerox . After that , it fits . Resolution , JPG , fax , tiff , acrobat , and add-on applications are in a menu bar that pops up when the scanner is on . The release on the scanner provides for paper hangs - that is you want 50 pages in two or three minutes , and are scanned at 150 or 200 dpi for a PDF and a paper jam happens - bad on many scanners , on this scanner , you click up the hood on the scanner , remove the jammed paper and then place the last room in , press continue and it goes about a full file without scanning again . This is the feature that makes it easy and above anything else.The Paperport issues are easy to manage . The program adapts to the factory issue and the light Paperport program included is then upgraded at that time . I have had this item for more than three years . The great feature is as it creates a PDF or file it can be emailed while on the telephone with a client or customer . You may think of it as once you know how to use it , you do not need to relearn it - like any adaptive product - it is intuitive .
 DEC. 2008 UPDATE
 This scanner is great for scanning in books . I love the 50-sheet ADF feature . It can also scan in color and as a flatbed scanner . I scanned in a lot of books and threw them away . Have them all on my computer in electronic format , anytime , anywhere I need them !
 I do n't know how I lived before I received my Xerox Documate 510 !!! Absolutely , the easiest , no hassle way of being able to email copies of originals . EVERY office needs A FEW OF of these !! You wo n't be sorry !! I am not a computer pro either ... it took , maybe , 15 min to set up ... opened up my `` paper port '' , hit scan button , start , exit button and their was my file in my paper port screen !! I saved it to my c
 I was tired of manually feeding multi-paged documents and this scanner was recommended by a friend . It exceeds all expectations , is quick and does a good job on documents .
 This scanner works really well ! I would give it 5-stars if it was faster !
 Man , after reading the reviews here I thought that I had made a big mistake in buying the Xerox Documate 510 . I bought it for office use at my desk , light to moderate use , mostly for document scanning . The unit works fine . I admit that the paperport software takes a little to get used to . It wants to do everying , like organizing your files within its system of doing things . My files are already organized , thank you . So I just use the simple Microsoft Office Document Scanner software that I already know how to use . It 's fully compatable with the scanner and I can convert to PDF without a problem . I can fax scanned documents as easy as pie.In looking over the negative reviews here , it seems like many of them had problems with the set up and did n't get much help from Xerox support . i.e , an axe to grind ? Do n't let them scare you away . The instructions are explicit on how to do the set up . It 's not a simple plug and play type of unit . But , it took me about 1/2 hour to do the set up and I 'm very happy with it so far . I paid $ 200 , including shipping , off of ebay and it 's worth every penny and more .
 This Xerox scanner is a decent buy if you have hundreds of pages to scan . I have scanned thousands of sheets through mine , with little trouble . Xerox even includes a replacement part for the feeder , which I have yet to need . This scanner has allowed me to tackle a project I would not have done otherwise , it has paid for itself many times over . The included software -LRB- PaperPort/TextBridge -RRB- are excellent ! The only reason this scanner did not get 5 stars is that nearly every scan is crooked from the feeder . The software has features to correct this skew , but it is a bit time consuming .
 I wanted a product to convert cabinets full of paper at my home and be able to search for documents when I needed.So far , the Xerox 510 lives up to its billing . You can just add stacks of paper to the document feeder , walk away , and come back to add more . Costco had it for $ 309 less $ 50 rebate so a good price . The software scans directly into PDF and also allows conversion of existing PDF 's into paperport format.I love it so far -LRB- scanned 500 pages without a hitch or jam ! -RRB-
 I 've had great experiences with this scanner connected to Win XP , using the ADF to scan 50 pages at a time without problems . Unfortunately I just bought a iMac G5 desktop & discovered that there is no Xerox support for Mac OS X ! So I will need to keep using my Windows laptop if I want to scan ... otherwise a fine product.update March 2009
 I purchased this scanner for home use after using an identical one at the office for several months . The main thing that I intend to use it for is document scanning-I do n't really need to digitize photos or anything like that.I work in a field that tends to create LOTS of paper-it 's a government job , and I think that 's `` nuff said . '' I 've been working toward making my team 's paper output significantly less . We 've been trying to create as little paper up front as possible , and making everything else that we can later on into PDF files . The paperwork that we produce initially in the field is what we 've been using this scanner for , and it works beautifully . I can take a pile of paperwork and reduce it to electronic files in a matter of minutes , and then go on with making the rest of the file electronic.I really like the automatic document feeder . I read in some reviews that it had a tendency to jam , but in my experience , the jams are few and far between , and easy to fix when they happen . I think that the jamming problem probably comes from overloading the ADF in most cases . I 've also had issues with sheets that were stapled together , but if you completely separate them and rub the staple piercings down before feeding them into the scanner , the problem is usually alleviated.The unit I purchased included the software drivers on CD . However , they were not compatible with Windows Vista , which is what I have on my home computer . However , the manufacturer 's website has Vista-compatible drivers available for download , and I had the scanner up and running literally minutes after unpacking it from the box.I like the software interface -LRB- OneTouch -RRB- that allows me to put a document in the feeder , click on one button , and immediately have a PDF document -LRB- or whatever other format I want -RRB- stored on my desktop . The scanner takes several seconds -LRB- 10-15 in my experience so far -RRB- to warm up after it has n't been used for a while , but I 'm not so impatient that I 'm going to gripe about that . It 's plenty fast for me , and if I really need to , I can do something else while I 'm waiting-the scan starts as soon as the scanner 's ready , without me baby-sitting it.All in all , I think this is a great scanner , especially for the price I paid . I 'm grateful that I was able to use several different scanners at work , and thereby determine that this was the one I wanted to buy . It beats having to purchase each one and decide you do n't like it !
 I bought this scanner impulsively at Office Depot and then came home to find all these catastrophic reviews . I figured I would keep an open mind and try it out.So far I have scanned about a 100 pages and it has worked perfectly . When I bumped the resolution up to 600 dpi the scanning took much longer , but the results are impressive . The text is clear and crisp . Plus the paperport software has an `` erase '' tool that allows me to get rid of all the black smudges and page lines . The results are really spectacular.I was confused at first to see that if I scanned a 15-page article , 15 different scans appeared in the scan-manager window . But I soon realized that the pages were `` stackable '' -LRB- using the mouse to superimpose one page on top of another -RRB- and this stacking operation created a single . pdf document . It 's a little weird , but not that inconvenient for someone usually scanning between 10-30 page articles . If there were . hundreds of pages at a time it might be a problem . -LRB- UPDATE
 For a cheap sheet-feed scanner the 510 seems an adequate unit -LRB- I paid 185 including delivery and VAT -RRB- and I 've used mine daily for 8 months scanning many thousands of pages . After a paper jam the scanner will not automatically recover - and refuses to continue scanning . In Windows XP the solution is to switch off the scanner for 10 seconds then on again . After up to 90 seconds the scanner will reset itself and the job can be continued . But who 'd guess that that was possible ? The instructions make no mention of it and apparently owners have been starting jobs all over again after a jam . The software has worked flawlessly .
 I wanted a product to convert a career 's worth of consulting notes into . pdf files , which will let me access them on my laptop and throw out several filing cabinets full of paper.So far , the Xerox 510 lives up to its billing . You can just add stacks of paper to the document feeder , walk away , and come back to add more . The ability to scan one side of a stack of papers , and then scan the other side -LRB- while it organizes them back in order -RRB- is very nice . It does take a little bit of finessing , since it can be very touchy on paper jams.A couple of minor problems that could be fixed in a later model
 I am in the process of scanning all my documents , bank statements , tax returns etc. . . and this scanner does a great job . It is very fast with the ADF and the Paperport software it comes with does a wonderful job organizing the information in folders . The software will also let you search the scanned document for any words in the text of a document . This feature is really great once you have scanned a lot of documents . This scanner , and the excellent bundled software , is a great addition to my attempt to digitize my world . Highly recommended .
 While I agree with previous posters about customer service . I completely disagree with the overall `` do not buy '' comments . I have had 5 different ADF scanners -LRB- priced below $ 500 -RRB- and have had numerous problems with all , EXCEPT for the Documate 510 . This product is fantastic and is one of the only true low priced ADF scanners .
 I just got a 40GB iPod to replace my Zen -LRB- a 20GB model -RRB- . While the iPod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the Zen is better.Software
 I purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around.Here 's a basic run-down from what I learned : Flash card memory vs. Hard Drive -LRB- i.e. . Why does a 256 mb player cost $ $ $ ... and a 40 GB -LRB- 40,000 mb -RRB- player only cost $ ... ? -RRB- mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them . The flash card memory is more expensive but is very light and compact . That 's why you have these things that can be keychain size . Tiny ! mp3 players of this kind of memory are typically small and light and have between 64 mb - 1.5 GB of memory . I am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory . -LRB- 1 GB = 1,000 mb -RRB- Hard drives -LRB- this is what most iPods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 GB of memory -RRB- . Cheaper to produce , holds a lot , heavier and has moving parts which means it 's a little more prone to damage from being banged around . That said , they are pretty sturdy machines and I would n't let this dissuade you from getting an mp3 with a lot of memory . Just be aware of it.This explains why you see what appears to be such weird pricing on mp3 players . A 256 mb player -LRB- roughly 60 songs for me -RRB- is about X amount of dollars But a 30 GB -LRB- 30,000 mb -RRB- player -LRB- roughly 6,650 songs -RRB- sells for only slightly more . It 's because the 256 player uses flash memory -LRB- smaller/lighter -RRB- and the 30GB uses a hard drive . That 's the first thing to understand . So consider what you 're going to use the device for . If you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , I 'd recommend flash memory . If you want to listen to tunes while you travel , I 'd get a hard drive because you can put so much on the thing - including audio books.REVIEW OF ZEN XTRA - 40GBThe device is larger than an iPod of similar capacity . This did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size . It comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . The front cover -LRB- which you remove to take out the battery -RRB- feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . As some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so I had to replug it . It did not lock up my computer or require a reboot . The software lets you pop in a CD and then scans the internet to name the artist , track name and album name . Extremely convenient . Then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts them on your computer . You can even skip that step and rip them directly from the cd to the player . -LRB- wo n't leave copy on your computer . -RRB- The pros and cons of it
 Before I decided to get this player , I did my research . I looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player . I chose this one because from what I read , it was the best deal for the money . Another reason I got it is because you can put WMA files on it . That takes up half the space of MP3 's . That 's important because I have a lot of music . The software is great . you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories . transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . I hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . They player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . ca n't complain and I recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon . GET IT , IT 'S WOTH EVERY PENNY !!
 I just sold my Archos 20GB Jukebox Recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit . I was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new MP3 Player/Harddrive . For an early Christmas gift , I got a Zen Xtra 40 GB player . I refused to go for an iPod , I am not going to spend all that money just for the Apple name and because it is `` trendy '' to have that player . This was the closest alternative and best buy for this type.After receiving my Zen Xtra player ... I will just say this
 In April of 2004 , I received a birthday present which happened to be the Zen Xtra 40 GB . I was thrilled , but also a bit hesitant . I have had numerous other mp3 players , ranging all the way back to the Rio 600 . None of which really met what I considered to be a good player . They all had some flaws , but had some good points about them as well . The last creative product I owned was a Jukebox 3 , which was flawed as well . The hard drive failed , and so I called their customer support -LRB- this was at least 2 years ago -RRB- , and asked if they could repair it . They said that they could , so I sent it off . They send it back saying it was n't repairable . So I went with my first instinct and replaced the harddrive , and then not 2 months later the headphone jack went dead . So it was all line-out for me after that , what a pain.So that brings me to the Zen Xtra , and I have to say that after some abuse , but also some TLC , that the Xtra has performed like a champ . I have had no problems whatsoever . Apparently , Creative fixed the headphone jack issue , because after switching between the home setup and the car setup at least twice/three times a day , it still performs flawlessly.I am now going to comment on some of the other user 's issues .1 . The battery life - I honestly have not had any problem with battery life , last time I checked and ran it dead at work one day while listening to it , It lasted 11.5 hours . -LRB- I was n't at work the whole time , but I never stopped playback from when I got up , to around 7:30 that night . -RRB- This was listening to mostly VBR mp3s encoded with LAME with -- alt preset standard , and some extreme .2 . The headphone jack - As I said before , I have not had any problems with the headphone jack , as I have with the NJB3 headphone jack . -LRB- Which by the way I resoldered and fixed and then the whole unit broke , cheap parts ? -RRB- 3 . The battery cover lid - Honestly , I leave mine in the leather -LRB- pleather ? -RRB- case pretty much all the time , and this keeps the case from coming open . It also keeps the unit from getting scratched , so thats another plus . All I did was take a hobby knife , and cut away a screen -LRB- inbetween the layers of fake leather , there is a plastic screen layer , so I just left that , and cut a small square hole for the power plug . I usually never have to remove it .4 . Its so much bigger/heavier/crappier than the Ipod - I have used Ipods before , and honestly , yes the xtra is thicker than the ipod , however , is less than .5 inches thickness worth losing the USER replaceable battery , and costing at least 100 dollars more -LRB- I think it 's more like 150-200 , but I 'll be generous -RRB- . To me it was not worth that extra money . And to the guy that posted a link to a free ipod site , Uhh . . That sounds like a scam .5 . Frequent Crashing - Mine has crashed maybe 5 times , out of everyday use , and when it froze , I unhooked the battery , and replaced it . After a few minutes of the library rebuilding , I was back to enjoying my music.This unit has literally worked flawlessly for me . The fact that it has multiple format options , It can also be used for external storage , which works nicely . I do not use the Creative software , I use Red Chair 's Notmad Explorer , and do not have any problems.I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a good mp3 player , and an even better price . -- Rob
 As a soldier in the US Army stationed here in Iraq , I can testify that the Zen Xtra is well worth its weight in gold . Its taken more than its fair share of bumps and bruises and has never skipped a beat . While many of the guys here have opted for MP3/CD players , they are constantly cleaning the lenses and the moving parts often get fouled with sand and dust . The Zen Xtra is a sealed unit with no moving parts other than the rocker wheel on the side . While I agree that the wheel could be a little more responsive sometimes making it a little difficult to make your selection , this is an outstanding piece of equipment . Once the MP3 's are uploaded to the unit -LRB- I have well over 5,000 -RRB- , you can generate your own playlists and sort by artist , album , or genre . It even has a sleep and wake function . Its a little larger than the iPod but I think its a bit sturdier as well . I know that I 'm quite impressed with my purchase and my platoon enjoys it as well . -LRB- I often plug it into a set of computer speakers I carry in my Hummer . -RRB- If and when I get redeployed back here , I know that I 'll have one of these tucked away in my ruck .
 With the new hard drive based MP3 players , I wanted to rip all my CDs -LRB- about 200 -RRB- and put it on a player . This meant one with at least 20GB . I decided to rip at 224Kbps for higher quality . I ended up using 16GB for 2229 Tracks from 225 Albums . To give myself more head room I decided that 40Gb should be my choice.Some of the features out there ... * Hard Drive - Definitely needed this to rip all my CDs to MP3 . * FM tuner - This was a nice to have ... so , I was n't disappointed that this does n't have it * Voice Recorder - This is also a nice to have ... so , I was n't disappointed that this does n't have it * Line in to record - This is also a nice to have ... so , I was n't disappointed that this does n't have it * Use as a hard drive - I really wanted to have this , but as you 'll see below , I kind of did n't get it.So , everyone 's question is why did n't I get the iPOD ? It 's definitely the coolest . I played with one a little at a Bose store and really liked it . Also , heard it could be a hard drive and has some other stuff like address book . But , in the end , it was too much money for me to spend . I got a 40GB Nomad for the less than a 15GB iPOD.I 'm pretty happy with the Nomad Zen Jukebox Xtra -LRB- besides the week it took me to rip my CDs , which is n't the Nomad 's fault -RRB- . I did n't use the app that came with the Nomad to rip the MP3s . I started a few days before getting it , so I used a shareware tool called dBPowerAMP Music Converter from download.com . It worked fine.I use it ... in the car and now I do n't need the CD changer anymore . I have playlists of my kids CDs for them , or when it 's my turn , I can play my lists . In my car , there 's an auxiliary jack ; in my wife 's car , we use one of the tape player accessories ... in my office while I work ... hooked up to my PC speakers ' secondary source -LRB- Megaworks 250D -RRB- ... in my family room when guests are over for background music . In the past , we only had a single CD player and kept having to change it . Now , I can set a playlist and let it go the whole night ... in the gym while I work out . On the treadmill , I put it in a small fanny pack and hang it which limits the shock to it . I wear the pack when I do weights.Pros-Navigation - Although there is some complexity to it , I got used to it very quickly . I really like the flexibility . I found that it 's possible to do what you want whether it 's removing a song from the selected music list , removing the whole list , starting a new list , finding an artist/album/song . . I have n't found any instance where I thought , `` Gee , I wish I could do that ... '' - Playlists can be made on the fly from the current `` Selected Music '' list ... I hear iPODs ca n't . - Has a Replaceable battery . Honestly , I 'll probably get a new one before this one dies , but it 's always nice to have a choice.-The case that comes with it fits well and seems to protect it.-You can use the Nomad Explorer to change artist , genre , and album . This is useful when the CDDB is n't exactly right and I missed the misspelling or something.-You can shut it down and it will pick up right where you left off.-Battery life has been pretty good , but not spectacular . I 've done alot of downloading -LRB- which kills the battery -RRB- and creating playlists and changing music , so it 's hard to tell what I 'm really getting.-The headphones are pretty good and fit well . They seem a little more cushier than most earbud headphones.-The sound is great.Cons-The scroll wheel is a little weird and takes a little getting used to.-It 's a little big . Ca n't fit in your pocket well.-Doesn ' t have the accesories that an iPOD has.-It has no `` stop '' button . This is kind of weird , but you get used to it . There is a `` pause '' to stop the music anytime you want . The only difference between `` stop '' and `` pause '' is that -LRB- I guess -RRB- `` stop '' will go back to the beginning . But , this concept does need some getting used to.-Using the Nomad as a hard drive needs to use the Nomad Explorer , so you have to have that installed to load files . It 's not very useful since most folks do n't have that loaded on their PCs.-USB only , but USBv2 .0 was pretty fast . I used 2 computers to rip MP3s . The older one uses USB v1 .1 . I did n't know how slow v1 .1 really was . It took overnight and then some to download about 5GB of music . The Nomad was getting a little so hot that I turned a fan on it to cool it . That seemed to work pretty well.Conclusion
 I got this player for Christmas & this was my first time using an MP3 player . I have a large collection of CDs and have loaded over 100 of them so far . The software is quick & easy to use & I found the entire process very easily mastered . As mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away ! The unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! I have tried the Belkin TuneCast Mobile FM Transmitter but found there was too much interference . Overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .
 Yeah , the Zen is awesome . I debated back and forth for about three months over buying the Zen and the iPod . Eventually , I decided on the Zen . Why ? Mainly for the issue of the battery of the iPod . From what I understand , the iPod 's battery dies and will not hold a charge after about 18 months . And , when it dies , Apple replaces if for $ 100 and does n't even send back your original iPod - so all the music which you put on it is lost . This does not seem to be the case with the Zen . However , now that Creative has -LRB- or is coming out with -RRB- a 40 GB version of the Zen touch model , that might be a better purchase , simply because the battery seems to last much longer . I can get the Zen 's batter to last for about 9 hours on 20 % contrast and a 5 second backlight , while still skipping tracks frequently.Also , the headphone jack problem has been mentioned in some of the previous reviews . From what I understand , that problem was an earlier model of the Zen and Creative has fixed the headphone jack . I certainly have not had any problems with mine . Definitely a good buy !
 I received this player as a gift in the fall of last year . I have never had a problem with it . It has been great on trips and I bought an RF adapter that plays it through my car radio.I take this thing everywhere . I know a lot of people like iPods . I have never used one . I HAVE used this player and can tell you that it has been nothing but great to me ! I have only used up half the memory so far . I upload tons of CDs all the time . I even have a book on tape on it -LRB- 28 compact discs alone ! -RRB- the memory is huge on a 40 gb .
 Other than the infrequent ` rebuilding music library ' message on startup , my Zen Xtra -LRB- 40GB -RRB- always works great , has great battery life and stores more music than I have time to install on it . The software to add/delete music from the player is intuitive and easy to use.The only thing I wish would work better is using the device as offline storage . Too bad it does n't work just like a memory key in terms of moving non-music data to/from your PC .
 I have to say , this product is a great buy . I got it for Christmas of 2003 , so I 've had it for roughly 3.5 months . It 's easy to use , with track selection and control that is very comfortable . The software that comes with it , MediaSource Organizer , works terrifically , ripping the music off of CDs very quickly . I have n't had any problems with this product thus far . I have bumped it into walls and such , but I have not experienced the problems some other consumers are finding . The headphone jack works as good as new . Yes , it is bigger than an iPod , but it still fits in my pockets , and it is incredibly cheaper .
 I have not compared my player to other brands , but I am very happy with it.I have not experienced any of the problems discussed in the negative reviews . The cover has never come open accidentally . I have also dropped it dozens of times and it still keeps going . Of course , I always keep it in the leather case , which seems to absorb the force of the impact . My only complaint is that the headphones were not durable at all . They went bad within a week . No problem though , since headphones are really inexpensive . I go through a pair of Sony headphones every few months.What I love most about the player is that it contains my entire music collection with lots of room to spare . I store my mp3 's at 96 kbps , so I have room for about 13,000 tracks . I ca n't tell the difference between the mp3 and the CD in terms of sound quality.When I meet other people on campus with mp3 players , almost all of them tell me that they paid close to the same price for a unit with much less memory . Freud might have a field day , because when I see other people with mp3 players , I think to myself , `` Mine is bigger than yours . '' And I smile at that thought .
 I personally like the control that the Zen Xtra gives you in organizing and classifying your music . It also creates playlists on the go for you -LRB- combining tracks by the same Artist , the same album , or same genre -RRB- for easy playback retrieval.The software that it comes with , Creative MediaSource , is great also , however may be a little complicated for new computer users . It lets you edit all track information -LRB- Artist , genre , album , track # -RRB- regardless of what ID3 tags were used when recording.Also do I need to remind you of the removable battery . Poor iPod users have to shell out almost $ 100 to get their battery serviced/replaced when its dead . Also you can store , data files , video files , etc. on the Zen Xtra -LRB- it 's a portable hard drive also -RRB- The only negative is the buttons on the case are oddly positioned.Overall I do n't recommend this item for newbies . But if you want great control and organization over your MP3s , this is definitely the player for you !!!
 I have been using my zen xtra for 3 months now and i am very pleased with it . I can drag and drop songs with the nomad explorer . I can listen to it for 15hrs at a time before it needs a recharge and it holds my whole collection of cds.There are however a few cons to this product.The plastic clip that comes on the carring case snaped so I replaced it with a nylon strap I sewed onto the back of the case and hav n't had a problem since.There are two things that could really improve this product , a line out and a fm transmiter to use to play in cars that have only a cd player.This is an awsome mp3 player and well worth the money .
 Have had the player since Xmass and love it!Pros
 Just bought one & I 've enjoyed it to date . Nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the IPOD but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . All reviews I 've seen seem to indicate that the creative MP3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed -LRB- IPOD , Archos , Dell , Samsung -RRB- . The EAX settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . I 've tried the BELKIN FM transmitter unit with it & it worked well when I set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment.DISLIKES - the controls are much inferior to the simple IPOD ones . The black flywheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . The locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical - included CREATIVE software is pretty poor . Red Chair 's NOTMAD EXPLORER is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the Creative Jukebox software . NOTE
 The Nomad Jukebox Zen Xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt . I have no problem using the player itself and I feel it is a very good player . On my main computer the software did not work right . I had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . I eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself . I have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . It seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because it works on all the other computers I have . So once I worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
 This is important . Make sure you are running the most recent firmware and drivers from Creative . Recent updates have done loads for stability . Also , I use Notmad from RedChair software for manipulating the data on the Zen Xtra -LRB- 40Gb -RRB- . This software takes managing the device to EXACTLY where it needs to be . It also has a web based streamer with it to play songs via WinAMP streaming from other machines . The cons to the unit is that it has a history of headphone and USB jack problems , plus the faceplate is a little to quick to pop off when the case is not on it . The case annoyingly , covers up the face and power jacks . The power jack is n't a big deal , but the face is . Cutting a hole -LRB- as someone recommended -RRB- is ok , but no longer provides protection like a vinyl window would . I would recommend reviewing the Zen NX cases from Vaja -LRB- vajacases.com -RRB- . They are the same layout as the XTRA . Despite the small issues , the unit has performed very well with the recent firmware updates and RedChair software . Also , there is a Gnomad package for Linux .
 I 've already dropped it , -LRB- unit was off -RRB- and it 's fine . It 's a little larger than I expected , so is more of a pocket unit than an armband or clip-on . The creative software is not too good - I did some searching and found some recommendations for Notmad Explorer - which does truly rock as accessory software for the Nomad . It will copy over playlists from most other media players without a hitch - which was problematic with the Creative application . Overall I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 I just got my Creative Labs Nomad And I 've Already Put Most Of My Cds On It And Am Hard Pressed To Fill It Up , I 'm Going To Borrow My Friends CD collection But 11000 Songs Is A Lot To Come By . I Love It And It Was A Lot Cheaper Than the 40 Gig ipod and the ipod has some questionable reviews.Great Player . Great Deal . Cheaper .
 Not the most user-friendly screen navigation , compared to an ipod , but has served me near flawlessly for almost 7 years now , and used/traveled with frequently ... miles walked and lawns mowed . Dropped it once and had to replace the HD , and even upped it to an 80gb drive . Recently some button reactions are once in awhile faulty , but for a 7 year old piece of electronics , I 've gotten my $ worth ... and there was that four foot asphalt hit 4 years ago ... hope they keep making them like the used to !
 It 's a bit late to write a review for this player , but I 'm in the market for a new MP3 player now and , while searching , came across it here on Amazon . I bought this player back in early 2004 and it just now -LRB- December 2010 -RRB- stopped working . It gave me 61/2 years of perfect operation , albeit with only moderate use -LRB- i.e. not used every day -RRB- . I really did n't have any problems with it . The interface worked well and allowed pretty easy navigation while sound quality was always great . And I think I bought it for something like 2/3 the price of an equivalent iPod at the time -- low price and great operation.Now I just need to find a new MP3 player that is as good as this one . Might be tough ...
 The Creative Zen XTRA Digital Player is an excellent protable player for anyone who loves music and Audible books . I love this product so mush that I have purchase two . I use one for all of my music and the other for all of my Audible books . It is very protable and very easy to use . I have had one for three years and the other one I just purchased with no regrets.If you are looking to a Digital MP3 player that has clear sound and easy to use I would suggest getting this one.Creative Nomad Jukebox ZEN XTRA - Digital player - HD 40 GB - WMA , MP3 - silverI purchase this at Amazon.com
 Where to start I have had this for 10 years and it is still ticking that alone is a tesament to how well the thing works . Over that ten years It has traveled with me to over a third of the world . This is to include half a tour in Iraq . It has been dropped and has been trough airport security more times than most people . Because of this I have never had a reason to buy an Ipod . And to be honest for music I would rather use this . Only reason that I own anything like an Ipod is that its my Iphone . So I think that the Xtra is by far the one of the best mp3 player made .
 I actually purchased this player at Comp USA , which is , as far as I know , no longer in business . Well , at least in hampton roads . I loved Comp USA , because like Circuit city or Best Buy , if you had a problem with a product , you could return it no questions asked . This is an incredibly well built player . The con is that creative labs only usually ships the software with their products and they ca n't be used with anything else besides Windows Media Player . Although now , you ca n't anyway since Microsoft licenses their Vista software to only cooperate with windows products ... ie Zune . I still own this player , my second , since my first one I accidentally dropped while jogging and busted the hard drive . The salesperson tried to sell me over to the Ipod but I stuck with this one . To this day , I feel it is a great MP3 player . However , it will eventually give up and no product will replace it since Creative does not have anything on the market currently to compete with the heavyweights Microsoft and Apple . What a shame too , since Creative at 2004 was a major competitor . Now I feel like advertizing has pushed Creative Labs out of the ring of competition and eventually will die as a result . I do own a 80GB Zune , although that player sadly can not match the quality of this one . Sure , it does n't have a color screen , the abiltity to play movies , homemade videos , pictures or anything like that , but it 's durable . Hardly anything I 've seen or heard today has any longetivity to it . I wish companies would stop saying we 're better than you and just go back to making high quality products like they did with Cassette Players .
 I purchased my Creative Zen Xtra 30GB about a year ago from a local pawn shop . The only thing it needed was a new battery and it was good to go.I have NEVER had any problems with it , which is really amusing if you think about it.About a month after I bought this , I bought my husband the Zen Vision . Do n't get me wrong , Creative products are the best , I just have a husband that is prone to computer mishaps ... lolHe had the Vision for about two months and he somehow deleted the firmware off of the device ... they should n't be designed where the user would be capable of accidentally erasing the firmware that RUNS the device . That is why I have stuck with my Jukebox Xtra ... No firmware to accidentally delete.I have tried iPods too . My son 's iPod is the ONLY thing that has ever caused a complete HARD DRIVE CRASH of my Dell laptop . It changed ONE Windows root directory file and completely crashed the computer 's hard drive . I will NEVER use iPods or any Apple products again.I 've been using Creative products for about 4 years now , and have NEVER had any problems with them -LRB- save my husband 's stupidity of deleting the firmware on his Vision , lol -RRB- . This Jukeboz Xtra may be old , but it 's great ! I highly recommend it for anyone who has a lot of mp3 's they want to take on the go -LRB- and ca n't make up their minds about which ones -RRB- . It does n't do videos , but you ca n't watch videos while you 're driving anyway , and in my line of work , I ca n't watch videos at the school either -LRB- but I can listen to a LOT of music !! -RRB- .
 When I was researching MP3 Players last fall , I knew one thing
 Cheap , Efficient , and ReliableBy far the best mp3 player i have ever used.People gripe about the size but i dont want something that is so tiny that im gon na lose.I mean think of what you would be hauling with you if it were a cd player and the over 800 cds you can fit on it.Second off the battery life is astounding , I get two days of use out of it in a single charge . I use it for about 6-7hrs at work and the trip to and from work in the car and i get about 2 days out of it.I do n't know if people are not charging their batteries right but after reading the booklet it has not given me any battery related problems other than EAX will tend to shave off about 2 hours of life when enabled.I ca n't say enough about this thing , it 's a new appendage . I mean I 've left my house without my wallet before and had my mp3 player with me.After showing it to people at work 2 coworkers have already purchased their own .
 I shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive MP3 player . I read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums . Despite all the hype about iPods , I knew I wanted something different , because I wanted more storage than the iPod I could afford would offer , and because I wanted more flexibility in where I purchased music online . After some consideration I chose the 40GB Nomad Zen Xtra from Creative , and I have not been disappointed . I purchased it at a retail store , and got an extended warranty.First , the battery is replacable by the user , because Creative intended it to be - unlike Apple with the iPod . It was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . Creative also sells batteries via its website , so there 's no shipping off my player and waiting for it to be sent back to me with the new battery.The new organizer software that ships with the Nomad Zen Xtra could n't be easier to use . Point the `` Media Sniffer '' to your music files and let it do the rest . You can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from CD to your player . And with USB 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . You can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player.The sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . I thought I 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . They could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department.I 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices I have there too . There are plenty other features that I have n't checked out , but I 'm sure I soon will.It ships with a carrying case that has a belt clip on it . However , I do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . It happened to me once . So now I keep it in my pocket . Also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , I have to open it up to see the display . It would have been better to have some sort of window on teh carrying case , so you could see the display without opening it . That 's my only real complaint about the Nomad Zen Xtra , though .
 I just purchased this player and I have to say that I love it . The sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb Ipod , is excellent . The only thing the Ipod has over the Nomad is the style , size , and ease of use . The Nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocet , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to . So far I have no complaints and I recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . I only have one question , when I add tracks to my Nomad , via Nomad Explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order . Is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does Notmad Explorer from Red Chair Software do this ? I would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering . Thank you very much , and go out and get yourself a Nomad !
 This is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the Ipod . For a price that 's still less than even the lowest level Ipod I was able to get this 40GB monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some.Here are the pros and cons -LRB- few there are -RRB- in detail : Look/Design
 I 've had my Zen Xtra 40Gb for just over a year now . Up until now I have never had an issue with it . A lot of complaints that have been sent the Zen 's way seem to have been a result of either ignorance or negligence.Complaint 1
 I 've only had the Zen Xtra a couple of weeks but am totally hooked on it . I was wary on buying a Creative Lab product after the Jukebox I bought 4 years ago from Creative which crashed with regularity . This one is different , so far no problems with playing or downloading to it . The volume on this player is sufficiently improved as well . It does have a couple of minor drawbacks but they are over shadowed by all the advantages the player has . After downloading the newest driver and updated software it was a snap to upload music to the player . It take less than 30 seconds an album to upload to the Zen using USB 2 . For simplicity , I 'll compare the Zen Xtra to an 20 gig Ipod.Ipod 20 gig25 % smaller than the ZenSimple interfaceBauhaus design industrial whiteZen Xtra 40 gigTwice the drive space for a LOT lessWMA capabilitySince the same quality WMA is 1/2 the size of MP3 , the Zen holds 4 time more musicHas more sound controlsHas more play choicesUser replaceable battery -LRB- what was Apple thinking ! -RRB- Leatherette case includedFile drag and drop from File ExplorerMass file tag editingOn the fly Play lists
 So far , so good . No problems at all with the product . Ripped about 70 CDs on to hard drive . Software very easy and intuitive . Takes < 1 minute a song to rip to unit.Had concern about the reviews related to unit being fragile , but have not experienced any problems so far . Controls very easy to learn.EAX - overrated . Sounds fine without it.Battery - nowhere near the claimed 14 hours , but I used the . wma format rather the mp3 to store music.Overall , what I expected for the money
 And also , it 's priced very affordably . With 40gb of storage I have about 7,500 songs on the player -LRB- everything music file I have is on there -RRB- with room for about 2,500 more . A similarily priced 15gb Ipod would n't have been nearly enough room . Having my entire music collection is great when travelling -LRB- both on plane and car trips -RRB- and I do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there . Having to copy/delete files would be time-consuming and is rendered a non-issue with 40gb of storage . The software interface supplied was very easy to use but I went ahead and got Red Chair 's `` Notmad '' software because of some advanced features I wanted . The sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but I find earbuds uncomfortable so I use different headphones . On planes I use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good . Sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . Accessing files by artist and album -LRB- I mostly look things up by artist -RRB- is easy and intuitive . Possibly the biggest advantage this player has -LRB- if price was n't enough -RRB- is the fact that the user can replace the battery him/herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . Since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since Ipods , Irivers , RCA , Dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician -LRB- Apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement -RRB- . Try before you buy if at all possible
 I have no complaints with this MP3 player . Getting files onto it is quick and painless . Then sorting the files is easy as pie . And it holds SOOOOO much music and audio files . My music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . Also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with . Come on , at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones . Sheesh !! The battery is nice . I listened to it for several days before needing to recharge them . The LCD screen was very large and readable . THANK YOU !!! My last MP3 player 's screen drove me NUTS.A great buy . Compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .
 Like others I did plenty of research before plunking down $ 300 for an mp3 jukebox . I 'd had a RioVolt CD-R mp3 player for about 3 years and was very happy with it . I did n't want to be an early adopter of the portable hard drive players , they were too expensive & seemed too fragile.But now I wanted to step up to the convenience of a jukebox -LRB- actually , for me the only real drawback of the RioVolt CD player was its just too big -RRB- . An iPod was n't really an option as I do n't care for Apple 's proprietory -LRB- and overpriced -RRB- hardware . So Creative 's Zen units looked like the way to go.After using it for about a month the only complaint I have -LRB- and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- is that the software that comes with it is a little cumbersome . Once you get the hang of it it does the job , but its bloated and slow . Also , the program uses an annoying , curvy , neon-style skin that everything seems to use these days . And you ca n't set it to look like the normal Windows interface . But like I said , it does what it needs to do.One other minor complaint regarding the unit itself . The jog wheel is overly sensitive when scrolling but you have to press it too hard to select things . It also ` times out ' too quickly . And it has ` PLAY ' as the default selection whereas I feel ` OPEN ' would have made more sense.And although it only comes with ` ear bud ' style headphones they sound surprisingly good -LRB- though I found them uncomfortable -RRB- . * * * I M P O R T A N T * * * You may have noticed the ` binary-ness ' of the reviews for these units here . That is , they are either totally positive or totally negative . The fact of the matter is these units are little PCs . They have a hard drive , an OS , memory etc. and therefore when they fail , they fail completely . If someday it does n't ` boot up ' there 's really nothing you can do about it . So a word of advice : BUY A SERVICE CONTRACT !!!! I do n't know if they 're available here on Amazon . I bought mine at a local store and it was only $ 39 for a 2-year contract . And let me make one thing very clear
 ... but i heard of notmad explorer -LRB- http://redchairsoftware.com -RRB- from the creative tech support people.i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price.so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent.dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind . zens rule .
 I purchased the Nomad Jukebox Zen Xtra 40GB and it is fantastic ! I have Windows XP Pro and when installing the enclosed software I did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . This was quickly and easily fixed by going to the Creative web site and downloaded then installed the updated driver . I found using the supplied Mediasource software very easy . If you have always on Internet or are logged into the Internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song ID information -LRB- this is a free service -RRB- with the click of a button . Ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . I found using Mediasource to load your songs to the Nomad Jukebox to be much easier and faster than using Windows Explorer . Just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done ! Being a Creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . I use my own mid-priced headphones rather than the enclosed earbuds . When I played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! The sound quality with Jazz and Pop music is equally superior . Actually using the Nomad Jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . Finding a particular song -LRB- s -RRB- or album on the Nomad Jukebox is fast and easy . I like to play my music by album and the Nomad Jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual CD . The high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . I can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use -LRB- hardware and software -RRB- , playback quality and value for the price .
 After investigating a multitude of player options , I asked for and received the 60 GB Zen Xtra for Christmas . Despite its being slightly larger than the iPod , I must say I was surprised to see how small it was when I unwrapped the box ! I am ripping my CD collection into 160 kbps WMA files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 MB per CD , good for about 900 CDs in the ~ 57,000 MB of free memory available to me . File transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via USB 2.0 . Several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title . THIS IS POSSIBLE !! Since the Zen Xtra does not use a folder structure , the `` duplicate name '' problem stems from the actual file name , NOT from the song 's title/artist/album . Solution ? Simply configure the MediaSource software -LRB- or Windows Media Player , or your ripper-du-jour -RRB- to create file names that include artist and -LRB- especially -RRB- album names in addition to track names . Using this method , I have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and I have PLENTY of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums . Even if there happened to be identical track titles on the same disc , you could still edit the file name manually and get them both onto the player.My one issue with the MediaSource software is that , despite pulling ID3 tag data from the CDDS service , the ripping process fails to populate the `` Year '' field . Weird.How does it sound ? To my ears , a 160 kbps WMA file sounds just as good as the source CD , and the Zen Xtra sounds just as good as a portable CD player . No complaints there . The EAX features are pretty cool , as well , as Creative has included a number of EQ adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train.Navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the Zen Xtra ca n't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . At the end of the day , what I wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever I go , and the Zen Xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
 Opened my Jukebox Christmas morning and have used it everyday since - I love it ! I should point out that I have not used any other MP3 players . Where to start - it 's a great place to store all the CDs that I only ever want to hear one song on . In addition , it 's wonderful for long car trips - I can avoid dragging my music collection along for the ride . I make one play list that lasts hours . It 's easy to use -LRB- as is the software - I 'll get to my complaints about that in a moment -RRB- and works on my home or office computer . It 's larger than some of the others but I 'm not one to complain about that . I like how it looks and the carrying case works fine for traveling to and from the office.I wanted an MP3 player for my new Element which came with an auxiliary jack . The problem was when I drove my other car -LRB- without an auxiliary jack -RRB- I could n't use it . After shopping at Target and inspecting iPOD accessories , I found that they too work for the Jukebox . I can use both the Belkin FM transmitter for my car and RCA jack to hook my Jukebox up to my home theatre system . The other attractive feature for me is that I can use the hard drive to carry computer files to and from work - I have both a Jukebox and memory stick that are easy to use.Complaints : I 've never had a problem with the software but did notice only a few days ago that I can not burn CDs of my play lists - BIG BUMMER . I checked with the Creative site -LRB- which is not the best for customer service or simple fact finding -RRB- and it said that only `` certain versions of the software have the option to burn CDs . '' Problem was it did n't tell me which versions . The best solution to that is to use RealPlayer to organize my files instead -LRB- both RealPlayer and Windows Media Player will recognize and transfer to and from the Jukebox -RRB- . I have heard of other `` organizer software '' for the Jukebox which is available for download but have yet to find it.My second complaint is the volume of media is so large on my Jukebox that it is a nightmare to find one song - if you do n't use the play lists you 'll be fumbling a lot in the car.I also have experienced the `` rebuilding library '' message that lasts from two to five minutes if I have not turned on my Jukebox for several days - I 'm unsure if this is due to the other computer files that I store on the hard drive or that I simply have not used it.Just my thoughts .
 This is my second MP3 player . I am very pleased the Zen player . I have the 30 GB model and approximately 7500 songs loaded up . The random mode is outstanding . I rarely hear duplicate tracks . The sound quality -LRB- as expected from Creative -RRB- is top notch . I do n't bother to use EAX in fact the quality is so high . I have read that the battery life is shortened by the use of EAX , which only makes sense . I am able to go about 14 hours in between charges . I had to be creative -LRB- huh huh huh -RRB- to get the included case to work but that is a small compromise . Right now the 40 GB models are going for under $ 200 . You just ca n't beat that value . I bought myself , and wife both 30 GB Zen models for less than the price of 1 20 GB Ipod . The creative software is flexible and fast . I had to use windows media player with my previous MP3 player which was slower than molasses in January when it came to looking up and erasing tracks that were currently on the player . I would rather have a little larger player and get the battery life that goes hand in hand . Let 's face it , the bottom line is , these players have to have 1 . A hard drive 2 . Some type of processor/memory combination to process the info from the hard drive and turn it into music , and 3 . A battery . There is not too much variation in items 1 or 2 . The only area that can be cut to make the unit smaller is in the battery . Ipod may be smaller , but I can go over twice as long in between changes . The bottom line is I am thrilled with this player . If I were to somehow drop the player from a moving vehicle , or have a pack of wild pixies make of with my player in the middle of the night , I would not hesitate to order another one immediately . My search is done , yours can be too . You ca n't go wrong with the Creative player , but I would recommend spending the $ 10 - $ 15 difference to upgrade to the 40 GB version . 10,000 songs in a package that is smaller than a portable cassette player that will go for 14 hours in between charges ... . There are no cons . What are you waiting for ?
 I did a ton of research on mp3 players before I finally bought the 40 GB Nomad Xtra over the ipod . I have a lot of music and needed a large player but did n't know if I wanted to spend the big bucks and splurge on the ipod -- which I had convinced myself is what I wanted . But after talking with reps in the stores and doing my own research I realized that there are just too many obvious problems with the ipod and I ca n't spend the money on something that will eventually at some point need to be re-worked on -LRB- the non-removable battery -RRB- . At the stores I was told more people bring back a ton of ipods -- but never the Nomads . The Nomad is small , holds a ton of songs and does n't cost a lot for all the storage space you get-and I spent my extra money on a good 3-year service plan just in case something breaks down . I have had NO problems with the player out of the box , and I keep it in its case and take special care so as to not drop it or knock it around . Take my advice and skip the ipod !! Its not worth it !
 I bought this MP3 player about 6 months ago , and love it . I got an upgrade to expand the hard drive to 80GB and I ca n't even see myself filling half of it anytime soon . The menu structure is very intuitive , and the screen is very easy on the eyes . I have seen other MP3 players that hurt the eyes when you 're looking at the screen for too long.The only issue I have with the player is a short battery life , but I usually have it plugged in with the AC adapter anyway . All in all , if you 're looking for a large capacity MP3 player that wo n't break your bank , this is the one to get .
 I got this for Christmas in 2003 , and have used it regularly ever since -LRB- every day to/from work , plus during travel , in the car , etc. -RRB- . I 've still got tons of storage , and it 's no worse the wear even after a couple of drops . I find the software very easy to use , so no complaints there either . It 's not as cute as the iPod , but frankly , I did n't find the trade off of price vs. size worth it -- the Creative is still plenty light enough to loop on your belt while you 're walking.The only complaint I have is that if I have n't used it for a couple of days , it needs to re-boot on startup . This takes about three minutes , so it is annoying . Still , this jukebox gets my hearty endorsement -- a friend got it on my recommendation , and I got my wife the 30MB version this past Christmas -LRB- to her great delight -RRB- .
 I have this Zen Nomad and love it ! It 's sleek and stylish , much like the iPod . An excellent less expensive solution.One critique , the USB and various plug ports are open to the elements . Less than suitable for walking near the beach .
 I take this unit everywhere , and love it . I use this in my car with a C. Crane FM Transmitter and boy is it oh so nice to essentially have your own radio station.I have to admit that the case could be a little better . You have to open it to see the display and make music selections.I also wish it came with a car power adapter , I 'm still trying to hunt one down for this particular model so that I do n't have to run it off the battery all the time.Other than these two minor issues , this unit is a great value . The battery is easy to get to -LRB- meaning you do n't have to take the thing apart like the Ipod -RRB- and it will play wma files and hooks up to my Windows Systems !
 I purchased this player over 4 months ago . I read all of the reviews and I was aware of the pros and cons going in . This player is slightly thicker than the same capacity ipod . On the upside , the battery is user upgradeable , which iPod users ca n't do . The main downside to this player is the software . I highly recommend NotMad Explorer from http://www.redchairsoftware.com as a replacement for the poor Creative software . The upsides are great sound quality , great capacity , decent battery life and a good price . If you do n't care about looking trendy carrying an iPod , take a good hard look at the Creative Nomad Zen players .
 If you want space to carry your music everywhere ... this is your device . For all those reviews about the cover , now the cover included with the player has window to the screen , no need to take the player out of the case , unless you are changing the battery . A USB cable is included ... no extra purchase . And the fact that you can copy the music back to your computer is a plus for me . The buttons takes a little getting use to it , but for almost $ 200 less , I can deal with it . The software is easy to learn , and the fact that you can replace the battery with ease ... big plus ...
 I purchased this player last week . I did a little research on the web and this is the player I decided on . I refuse to buy anything made by Apple and the Nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway . I have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . The software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my Windows 2k machine . The headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . The battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . Took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player IMO . I have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . All-in-all , this is another excellent Creative product . If you have the money and need 40 GB , this is the player for you . It 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I 've had this unit for about 4 months and am very happy with it . The battery life is great , the sound is awesome , the software is simple to use , once you get a hang of it.I did buy it at a local store and I did , just like another reviewer said , I bought a 2 year extended warranty . I also never buy an extended warranty unless I am buying a telephone , a cd player , or a device like this WITH A HARDDRIVE . Anything that has a harddrive may die at any point because hard drives fail . So I did not want to take my chances and bought the extended warranty.I also bought a tape-adopter for 10 $ at a local store and use it in my car - it is great that you can play it in your car for hours , do n't need to run to your trunk to change these cds all the time . I filled about 25GB from 40GB available with music.I also liked that it came with a case that can clip to your belt . The only thing I wish is that this model be a bit smaller - it is just big compared to ipod and a new zen , but it has 40GB not 20GB as others and the sound is very very good . Just buy a pair of decent earphones - it comes with a cheap ones . I am very happy with it , especially great sound and great battery life .
 So far so good , -LRB- 3weeks -RRB- two complaints is the headphones that you get are very uncomfortable?I purchased the Sony Fontopia In-Ear Headphones -LRB- MDR-EX71LP -RRB- , they are great you can almost shut out the world ! You can fall asleep with these bad boys on.they are like a stethascope -LRB- you know the thing doctors use to hear your heart -RRB- ! Second issue is it froze once , first day easy re-set with small safety pin , got scared I guess ? This Zen comes with pre-loaded classical music too!Once you get the hang of it 's use you can download from walmartmusic .88 cents , musicmatch .99 cents -LRB- both have no monthly fee if you choose -RRB- . The only thing is their -LRB- ceative labs -RRB- tech support is not toll free and nowhere does it show you how to `` TRANSFER '' music to Zen , it 's just an arrow pointing right -LRB- one underneath points left , do n't touch this one -RRB- . Once you plug in your USB and highlight your music and open -LRB- far right side tab -RRB- of the creative media PC MUSIC Library , make sure it says zen THAT WHERE IT 'S DOWNLOADING -LRB- rips then writes and it 's done ! -RRB- it 's ready to listen too!Plus downloaded songs can be dragged to other music software for buuuuuuuuuuuurning!So far I have 1,908 songs downloaded!It holds over 6,000 songs!Don ' t waste your money on the 256Mb ones they hold I heard about 20-40 songs ?
 Another reviewer recently advised that this is the model to look for . I was just advised at a well known retailer that this model has been discontinued . Is this true or is this a classic bait-and-switch technique ? Their current weekly sales circular features this model at a sale price . When you get to the store , they do n't have it but when they look it up in their computer , it shows up as `` Discontinued '' . It is difficult to relate reviews to actual products when the reviews you base your buying decision on could be about -LRB- a -RRB- different model -LRB- s -RRB- from the one you actually buy online or in-store . The Creative Labs ' own website does not give model numbers so they are adding to the confusion .
 I must say that Im extremely pleased with my new player . It 's become my new best friend.It 's so simple to use anyone can get the hang of it . The price is reasonable and a better deal than most other players out there . Under 300 for 40gb ? That 's unheard of these days!Im already done transferring all of my essential stuff and still have room for more music !! I have no complaints about this player it 's just awesome.The only thing though my headphones came messed up one side being longer than the others but that 's ok cuz I do n't use those little ear pieces anyways : -RRB- The size might be a little larger than an ipod or a mini sized mp3 player but its not that big of a deal . We all had cd walkmans and those were way bigger . . It 's about the size of a palm pilot I would say . The design is also great . No annoying buttons everywhere or joystick controllers.Trust me when I say this is probably one of the best mp3 players around . The sound quality is also amazing : -RRB-
 Before I bought this I read reviews at Amazon , Cnet , and other places . Some unkind things were written . I have been living with this player for three weeks and have nothing but positives . Being new to portable music I did n't want to shell out $ $ $ for an iPod , but I wanted the massive storage space . I have no desire to watch videos , listen to FM , or share files , so this Zen Nomad seemed perfect.What it has going for it :1 -RRB- Better price bargain than any competing device -LRB- I got it at an after-Turkey Day promo for under $ 100 . -RRB- 2 -RRB- It sounds great . The included ear buds sound ok , but the fit seemed insecure . I spent more for Bose In Ear TriPorts . WOW ! The combination is superb and better than I thought possible with portable devices .3 -RRB- The build seems solid . My case has not popped open . It does n't skip -LRB- but then , I do n't jog with it -RRB- , and the display is easy to read .4 -RRB- I can replace my own battery , thank you . I do n't need to send it off and pay $ 50 - $ 100 for a replacement . Of course , it 's possible the player wo n't outlive the battery .5 -RRB- The software is pretty easy to figure out . But I must admit that people who are n't computer savvy might be hopelessly frutstrated . There really should be a section in the next-to-useless booklet that explains step by step exacly how to transfer an album to the player and then play it . I should n't have to go to Creative 's website to get this information .6 -RRB- Ok , it 's heavy compared to an ipod
 I bought this for my spouse for Christmas ... he absolutely loved it . A week later he closed his car door on his jacket pocket - the pocket containing his Jukebox . It was busted , would not work at all . We were devastated . After a few emails back and forth with Creative , they gave me an authorization for repair ; I sent it to them and received the repaired unit , like new , in about a week . Fabulous ! No problems since . If you do n't care about the `` ipod '' name brand , I highly recommend this one !
 I bought this wondering if it would work as well as some said or turn into the nightmare that some -LRB- the few -RRB- said . It is Great and works like a dream . One thing
 I 've had the Jukebox for a few days now and I 'm really pleased with its versatility and ease of use . The battery life seems rather good and the playback is great . I 've even been able to hook it up to my surround sound through a headphone jack adapter . It 's a touch larger than the new Zen , but at twice the capacity it 's hard to pass up . I have enough room to store all of my music -LRB- 6000 tracks -RRB- and my entire `` my documents '' folder on the data part of the hard drive and still have 20gb free . I wish you could play tracks off of it on to your computer without transferring them to your computer hard drive ; maybe you can , I just ca n't figure it out . I 've made the mistake of unhooking it from the computer while it was transferring ... the first time I let the battery die and the second time my computer turned off . Doing this is a hassle because you have to reinstall the firmware and rebuild the library . It 's a simple process , it just takes a couple of minutes to let the machine fix itself . However , at $ 150 less than an ipod I think it works just fine . The software supplied is easy to use , it also will work with Windows Media Player . The headphones are n't great but the free case is a nice touch , you do n't want to bang up these hard-drive based players . All in all , great player at a great price .
 I have had mine for a month now and have to say I have enjoyed it . The Pros : Price ! Almost half what an ipod would cost you ! I do n't care how it looks and I always drive so the size is not important to me.Sound quality is wonderful , I really like the smart volume sound normalization . Yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . I quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song/playlist etc fast enough . I also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer!Cons . Creative software stinks . It 's horrible . redchair software makes nice software that allows you to do everything you would want to and more ! The front cover can pop off easily but I always have mine in the case so I did n't notice after first day .
 I had an RCA mp3 player that used cards . I decided to purchase this one based on its reviews and cost . I 'm not sorry . The only thing I had challenges with was transferring music from my PC and CD 's to the player . I searched and searched and finally figured it out . I think Creative needs to have a picture of the software in the quick guide so people know which window is which.I love the ability to organize and listen to music using several options
 I went to Frye 's Electronics 3 weeks ago to purchase the Creative Labs 40GB Zen Xtra , when I noticed the Polaroid Juke Mam . I was impressed by the FM tuner - complete with 10 presets -LRB- it even records FM programs to MP3 files -RRB- , the voice recorder , and nice large LCD screen were nice too . It was also priced within $ 10.00 of the Zen Xtra , so I opted for this unknown -LRB- unresearched -RRB- option.The sound was great , and I really loved how easy and logical the modified joysick-style selector button works . A week later , and after loading over 19GB of data to its hard drive , the thing simply locked-up and would not reboot . Fry 's promptly replaced it for another . The second player 's screen began to fade beyond readability after 4 days . That window gave me time to remove most of my data , and return the second Juke Jam to the store.This time , I traded it for the 40GB Zen Xtra . I have had ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS with the Creative Labs model . The product rep was there in the store . He told me they recently upgraded the firmware , allowing simple drag-and-drop tranfer of data . It not only performs better , but it also has an AWESOME EAX sound enhancement tool . Honestly , it made my very basic car stereo sound like I was listening to my BOSE home theater !!! He mentioned they should be releasing a player with an FM-tuner soon , but I wanted my portable music options now . The features of the two items may appear to be similiar ; in fact , the Polaroid features look better at first glance . But , I have to put my money -LRB- nearly $ 300.00 -RRB- where the quality is . Creative Labs created a portable music experience ! I do n't mean to sound like some kind of spokesman for CL , but this thing simply ROCKS !!! Did I mention it 's nearly $ 200.00 cheaper than the IPOD -LRB- which by the way , does not play the smaller sized , better quality WMA files -RRB- . I LOVE the size of the IPOD , but that feature does n't come close to justifying it 's $ 489.00 price tag . Macintosh has once again , priced themselves out of the market . Sure there are thousands of people that have IPODs , but they could have cornered the entire MP3 portable player market . Fortunately , Apple once again let the competition create feature-packed players for $ 100.00 's of dollars less.If you want real quality in a player that plays MP3 , WMA 's , and features an unmatched sound processor , go with the Zen Xtra . If you 've got the money , and do n't really need as much space as I do , get the IPOD . Otherwise , wait for more of the research and design to shake-out in this industry . There are sure to be some very interesting innovations coming to this Christmas !!! Today - ZEN XTRA ROCKS HARD !!!
 Well.I really wanted a iPod or this Poliard one , but my dad said that Poliard makes Cameras not MP3 Players!So we bought the Creative Labs Nomad Juxebox Zen Xtra 40 GB and I LOVE IT ! So small , very good sound Quality holds up to 11.000 MP3 Songs and 667 Hours and WMA 1000 hours , It includes : . 1 Nomad Juxebox Zen Xtra Player . 1 pair of Stereo Earphones . 1 Rechargeable Li-ion Battery . 1 Travel Pouch . 1 Universal Power Adapter . 1 USB 2.0 Cable . 1 Installion CD . 1 Quick Start QuideI would recommend this product to everyone!i hope this Review was very helpful to you ? -LSB- ... -RSB- Thanks for viewing my review - : -RRB-
 UPDATED - 4 YEARS LATER!I still have it and I love it more than ever . There have been some problems along the way . The headphone jack died like other people mentioned . Creative Labs fixed it with no questions asked , even though it was well out of warranty.The hard drive died which usually means the end of the road for a device like this , but since the HD is just a regular notebook hard drive , I simply bought a new 80 GB hard drive , replaced the dead drive , flashed the BIOS and reloaded my music . I doubled the capacity as a result.I 've needed a new battery , but that 's not a problem . The later version of the driver allows me to use Windows Media Player to sync everything nicely with my PC.I hope to get at least another 3 years out of it , as long as I can keep getting new batteries or drives if they die , why would I replace it ? Sure , it does n't play movies or have anything remotely cool about it , but it 's mine ! ------------------------------------------------------------ I could n't be happier with the performance and ease of use of the Nomad Zen Xtra . The software is simple to use to sort your existing music and rip new music . CDDB functionality allows you to automtically label new CDs and tracks.Clearly the iPod is the popular choice , so I 'll go with why I think the Nomad is more practical than the iPod : * Longer battery life * The 40 Gb Nomad is about $ 100 LESS than the 20 Gb iPod * Windows friendly -LRB- especially if you 're PC only supports USB and not firewire -RRB- . * The buttons are more consistant with old school walkmans that I 've been using for years -LRB- Volume control , track selection , etc. -RRB- Why the Nomad is n't the iPod -LRB- not so good reasons -RRB- : * Accessories . You ca n't dress it up like the iPod . * The included case is functional . It 's protective and has a belt clip , but it is a little awkward . * It 's bigger than the iPod
 If you want to get yourself a Hard Drive MP3 Player , you need to go out and get this one . Couple reasons why
 GET THIS . Not that having a cool MP3 player is the most important thing in the world , but I think everyone can agree that the ipod is the coolest . But who cares . If you are going to buy an MP3 player go all out . Get one that will last , one that has more space than youll need . This is the right one for everyone . This player does everything you need it to . and its not as expensive as the ipod .
 I finally bought an MP3 player when there was a reasonable alternative to Apple . I was involved with Apple when they built the first one and had an Apple 1 in the late 70 's . I saw them get very close to the vest and I was closely involved with IBM when they broke all their `` Big blue '' rules and turned a group loose in Boca Raton FL with but one charge - to get out a PC in two years regardless . I had a Beta test model.That led to creation of a VERY open software platform , the relagation of Apple to schools and graphics types , and the creation of countless numbers of millionaires and the VERY rich William Gates . So now that I do n't have to deal with `` my way or the highway '' Apple , I can get it my way.The Nomad Zen Xtra 40 GB is every thing I want and then some . Those who fault the size being bigger than iPod did not grow up in the days of 30 pound luggables with a whopping 64 KB like I did . The software is top notch and works seemlessly and rapidly with my PC . The manual leaves a few holes but once you play around , you find that you can do all sorts of stuff with the Nomad connected to the computer that you can not do with it disconnected.The data storage is a big plus . I will still use my flash drives -LRB- 128MB & 256MB -RRB- for portability of a lot of my data , but to back up my growing digital picture files this will be invaluable . I can take my entire picture collection around with me.This is a real winner and I have not even gotten my FM attachment yet !
 Was advertised on Amazon at $ 244 with a 2-week delay in shipping ; I ordered it then . When the price went up to $ 269 , Amazon cancelled my order . It 's still available cheaper than this in stores , so scout around . I did , and I love mine . Slightly less-enthused about Amazon .
 I use this GPS with my IPAQ 1945 . Pluses : - Works great with the IPAQ 1945 ; good , clear voice guidance ; good maps ; good software - Very straightforward , very friendly user interface -- light year ahead of my Magellan GPS.Minuses
 I 've been using this product for 3 months after evaluating other products such as Pharos , Navman and Socket.The strong points are :1 -RRB- quick TTFF -LRB- Time to First Fix -RRB- . A cold fix usually can be obtained in under 2 minutes . Make sure it is mounted with a clear view of the southern sky . You can use a velcro sticky from a crafts store if the rubber surface is not adequate to prevent sliding . Most peoiple mount it on the dashboard . Be careful in hot sunny climates as the black surface can cause the unit to overheat .2 -RRB- Long Battery life
 I have used this system with both an iPAQ 1945 and 4155 . Worked with almost no issues on both devices . The `` puck '' has never slid across my dash , since it has a rubber backing . Even in my sports car it stayed put around quick corners.I download maps of 3-5 states onto a SD card and the data seems quite accurate . I have only had one incorrect turn given in the past 4 months.The battery life is 6-7 hours and the fact that it uses the same charger as the iPAQ is great . I always keep the iPAQ plugged in and mounted to my dash at a good viewing angle . The Bluetooth connection is almost never dropped , so no complaints.The only `` issue '' I have is the application does n't always close out properly , so I tend to do a soft reset after using the software . Works perfect every time once I got in this habit.Buy it and you will save time and avoid frustrations driving in unfamiliar locations .
 This GPS receiver appears to work great with my 4155 . I 've only used it a few days , but I am very pleased so far . Installation of the software and first connection to the GPS went very smoothly . I like the way that it will start the Bluetooth connection automatically on startup of the software . The maps are from NavTech and seem to be pretty complete . I 've found a few mistakes , but they are generally less than the web based mapping programs . Having a power cord that is compatible with my PDA is very helpful as well.I plan on using this GPS while hiking . GpsDash -LRB- app for navigating and tracking with a raster map -RRB- works well with this receiver.As far as negatives , the manual is only available online in the form of a pdf . The kit came with a mounting bracket , but I ca n't figure out how to use it . The power switch could be a little better constructed also . These negatives are pretty minor overall .
 I ordered this to replace a Navman unit I used to use with my 3870 , however I lost the 3870 and replaced it with a 4155 and this.The good : - Excellent battery life - Excellent GPS , locks in within a minute with cold start - Bluetooth works great - The unit comes with a power adaptor using the Ipaq connector meaning you only need carry one charger around - The maps appear upto date - Software is intuitive - Routing is quick and auto-rerouting works well - Spoken instructions are particularly good . I often do n't use the display - I like the points of interest and the way you can ask for a list and be directed to the nearest gas stations , restaurants etc. - Never locked upThe bad : - Only thing I 've found better so far on the Navman was the map displayGenerally very impressed !
 The Hp Gps unit is a good buy , It has its pro 's and cons . But overall is a great buy . Do n't pay more than $ 200 for the unit though . Pros
 I have been using this for a week and am quite pleased with it . I downloaded the maps for CA and the surrounding states -LRB- AZ , NV and OR -RRB- and they all fit with room to spare in the 256 MB SD card of my 4355 . I have used the Magellan several times when I rented from Hertz and I found the interface much much better . The feature that I like the best is that you could set your destination using your Outlook contacts ; no need to enter address or street names.I am giving it 4.5 stars because of an annoying feature of the flashing BT blue light from the 4355 -LRB- which is not really the fault of the GPS device -RRB- when driving at night but otherwise a really great product .
 I have had this GPS Reciever for a month now , and it works very well . Sometimes it may be a little slow in getting a GPS signal , but the software is pretty good . Sure beats buying an in car system -LRB- the built ins from Honda , Infiniti , Nissan , etc -RRB- cost almost $ 2K ! I paid $ 275 for this and another $ 290 -LRB- about -RRB- for the actual PDA . I think it 's a really good deal . Plus I get wireless -LRB- iPaq rx3115 -RRB- and all that other good stuff . All in all , a very user friendly system . Intial problems with set up have been solved with the help of the dedicated iPaq support line , which has been very friendly and nice . Surprising service for a technology company , in my opinion .
 This unit does goes beyond what one could expect , especially for the price . My only other experience with a GPS has been the Hertz Neverlost system , available , when you rent a car . This little sucker did everthing neverlost did and more . If you have an IPAQ already and you need to know where you are going , than this is a must have for you . This is so precise , that it literally brings you to the doorstep of the street address you plug in ! This is great especially at night , when it is difficult to see the street numbers on houses or business for that matter.I am a pharmaceutical rep and my target list changes quaterly . This device has been the best investment dollar-for-dollar that I can ever remember making . If you are a pharma rep and your company privides you with an IPAQ , be careful . The program that your company uses takes up a lot of memory . It works OK on mine , but I find that I need to reboot it once in a while . This is a very small price to pay , for what this does . In short , this unit is for computer savvy people , who want a GPS . I would n't go out and buy grandma a new IPAQ and this device . For non-computer folks , consider the Magellan for the ease of use and userfriendliness.Note
 I have had this unit and used it for a couple of years now . the reason that I bought it was its portability and I could use it both in the car or have it with me when I am walking . So , from that aspect , it is very nice . now every positive normally comes with a few negatives . as you may guess , due to the size of this unit , the receiver is probably not the most powerful or accurate receiver , so you need to learn how to cope with these aspects of it . I have had cases where the receiver got confused when I was in the city -LRB- San Francisco -RRB- with a couple of tall buildings around or when I was driving around on windy roads in Sierra . But other than that it has worked fine for me and I have used it in town and country . I found another navigation SW for it that I think is nicer and performs better than the one that came with it from HP . -LRB- ... -RRB- mine is an MMCX .
 The software is easy and quick to install . I really like this GPS unit . It actually picks up a signal through our skylight in the kitchen . The only negative is that despite the fact that our house is nearly 10 years old it ca n't find our address . But sometimes MapQuest ca n't either !
 I 've been using HP iPAQ Bluetooth GPS Navigation System with iPAQ 4155 for a week now , and here is my 2 cents.Pros : - Unit is small and does n't have problems locating satellites in matter of seconds . - HP provided excellent GPS Navigation software in this package . It 's got everything that other , more expensive GPS systems have , if not more . Tons of points of interest are included . You can record a route , select route options , set speed alert , etc. - Select maps that you need and put them on your storage card . Change maps as often as you need them . It is self intuitive and very easy to use . - I like the way software zooms in automatically when it gets close to making a turn . Later , it zooms out . - I like voce commands , notifying you of every turn . - The unit displays not only your position , but your speed and altitude . - Switches between day/night modes . - The best of all IT WORKS WITH LAPTOP TOO !! All you need is any mapping software that supports GPS . I 've used it with Microsoft MapPoint 2004 and USB Bluetooth on my laptop . And it works great , with the convenience of a relatively large screen . - Great portability . Take it with you to any vehicle . - Comes with car power adopter that you can use with your iPAQ PDA . And vice-versa , you can use your home adapter that you charge your PDA to charge GPS unit . - Good battery life.Cons : - Maybe a little slow with address lookup sometimes . - PDA Holder is not the best holder out there , and you should look at some other solutions to replace the one that came w/Navigation system . It 's hard to find a good to position and to firmly place it in the air vent . My iPaq is not fixed in the holder and tends to slip to one side while driving . - Choosing destination from your contact list may not work every time , mostly because you have unit number in the address or address is not in the format that HP likes it . - The unit might lose contact/sight w/satellites if you are surrounded w/tall buildings . I 've experienced this in downtown Chicago , IL.I really like HP iPAQ Bluetooth GPS Navigation System and I think it 's great product and it 's worth the money . Have fun using it.P.S . If you need a good car mount try ARKON Powered PDA & GPS Mount Kit . It 's powered and it has amplified speaker , it 's durable and well built . It can hold up to 10lbs .
 I just got a new h4155 iPaq and ordered this navigation system to go with it . I was very impressed with the level of detail in the maps and have had no reliablity issues . I think the key is mounting the device somewhere in your car -LRB- not sticking it in your pocket like a previous reviewer -RRB- . I have never lost bluetooth signal with the iPaq mounted using a magnetic dash mount . For the GPS I just set it on the dash . This is really a great value for a complete navigation solution !
 I have had a Garmin III for a while , and used it stand-alone and with laptop in vehicle , so I knew what -LRB- somewhat -RRB- to look for in the technology.My purpose was to use GPS technology on my motorcycle for cross country trips.Pros - iPaq HPrx3115 and HP iPAQ GPS NavSys worked well together . - Devices were physically sound , and even with vibration on the motorcycle did n't miss a beat.-Could not hear the voice directions , but could read the display to see what the voice had said ... , - Though there is map update available from NAVTEQ -LRB- New name for Nav Tech -RRB- the one I got with the unit worked well . - Used vehicle chargers on both units keeping brightest display on the 3115 was essential during the day . - Used RAM RV handlebar mount for 3115 , while NavSys housed well in the tank bag , along with cell phone . With added helmet speakers , the voice was audible . - RAM mount allowed mounting close to LOS -LRB- Line of Sight -RRB- which is important when driving a motorcycle , and - the auto zoom in feature was great . It 's really hard to read a map while riding a motorcycle . - Setting route traverse up rather than north up , was a real plus , because the map matched the roads I was on.Cons - have to shut down the nav program on the 3115 BEFORE powering down the unit . - Loading new regions was time consuming and had to be done at home , no way to update on the road unless I carry a laptop , no way on a motorcycle . - Ca n't route the trip on the host PC with the NavTeq software , has to be done on the iPAQ . - Twice routed me to an exit , then cloverleafed me back on to the same route and direction . - Once came to a detour it did n't know about . Bridge out , had to circumvent it manually , but had to restart Nav program to get to right place on the map . - Had to turn Off the WIFI access , as it 's hard to dismiss a window with heavy riding golves on , and dangerous as well.Summary - It took me most of the trip from Minnesota to Tennessee and back to learn how to use this setup . I 'm not really excited about the price of the map updates - $ 99.00 USD , and available every 6 months for US and Canada . But I guess if you really need the latest for an important trip , they are very detailed . Never did figure out how to use POI -LRB- Points of Interest -RRB- without losing my calculated route .
 good pricing , speedy delivery , performed to spec.put my hp ipaq 2200 series PC to good use , havedused for 2 trips , very accurate mapping .
 I was looking for a solid GPS that would n't require the outlay of several hundred dollars . I already owned the IPAQ RX3715 . Out of the box the IPAQ GPS unit was partially charged , the software was easy to install and sync with my IPAQ . The unit picked-up strong signals quickly.The maps are a tad dated and although there is an update for the software I have decided to keep the original for now . A savings play.The unit works great in the car , which is the reason for the purchase . You will want to purchase a mount for your IPAQ . The screen will get washed out in bright sun . With the voice command on , this is no problem as you still can hear where you need to turn in plenty of time to figure it out.Overall this has made a terrific GPS investment for the price.Comments are always welcome .
 I want to mostly focus on the newest HP mapping software , which I bought directly from HP 's web site in April 2007 . But first let me add a few important points that might help potential purchasers of this HP iPAQ GPS Bluetooth system . First , even though it says on the HP Web site that it is only compatible with a few select iPAQs , in reality it will work with ANY Bluetooth-enabled iPAQ . I was a little worried after I had ordered it , only to find out that my model -LRB- HX 2495 -RRB- was not listed as compatible . But it does work just fine . -LSB- ... -RSB- Next , after installing the software to my PC and iPAQ , and loading the maps for Michigan and Ontario , the brand new software -LRB- version 2.02 -RRB- froze my iPAQ every time , stalling on the Warning message and not allowing me click `` I Agree '' or do anything . That was frustrating . I called HP GPS Navigation Tech Support and found out that certain maps require a patch/fix to be installed . They e-mailed me a 12 mb zip file with directions and 6 compressed folders -LRB- one which had the step-by-step ReadMe file with the directions . Make sure you follow them precisely -RRB- . After all of this was done , the software finally worked . I would think that Ontario and Michigan would be popular locations , so this large patch will probably be necessary for many users . There may be other cities and states that also require the patch.After this hassle , I am happy to report that the software is very good and very user friendly . It comes on 3 CDs which must be postal mailed -LRB- no downloading -RRB- by FedEx -LRB- expensive shipping -RRB- . The entire state maps take a very long time to load , too . Up to 30 minutes in some cases , and being spread over 3 CDs does require you to have to stay by your computer and feed the different CDs in when prompted.I had no trouble with the Bluetooth connection . But work out a way to keep the GPS unit secure in your vehicle , such as the recommended velcro strip fastened to your dashboard and the back of the GPS unit . The closer you can get the thing to your windshield , the better . People having trouble with satellite reception probably do not have it close enough to their vehicle 's windshield . The included vent mount for the iPAQ works OK , but not great . It is flimsy and I guarantee that your iPAQ will rotate a lot whenever you turn , and you will probably need to constantly turn it , but it 's better than carrying it in your lap as you drive.Here are the best features of the software that have n't been discussed in other reviews :1 -RRB- The ability to look up a specific route and then Demo the Current Route before driving . Demo Mode is a great feature . This can be done from the Pocket PC even without the GPS receiver being turned on .2 -RRB- You can look up POIs -LRB- Points of Interest -RRB- within 25 miles of your current location -LRB- alphabetically or by proximity -RRB- without having the GPS unit turned on .3 -RRB- You can save Favorite addresses in the Destination section of the software . Favorites are a wonderful feature , although you can not organize them by folder or by topic , so your list may become very lengthy .4 -RRB- If you have a thorough , updated Contacts list in Outlook , this will benefit you , allowing you to look up addresses from that list in the Destination by Contacts section . Just pick the contact 's name -LRB- s -RRB- and it will navigate you to their house .5 -RRB- Points of Interest do not include movie theaters -LRB- only playhouse theaters -RRB- , and I found that certain major libraries are sometimes missing , so while being a very helpful feature , POI is far from perfect .6 -RRB- You can look up restaurants according to what kind of food you like to eat , what nationality of food you prefer -LRB- the list is extensive -RRB- , and it gives the phone number and address of each location .7 -RRB- You can add one stop-over to each destination , even after you plan the route . So , if you decide to hit one of the major points of interest between here and there , it will allow you to add this , and there is also a Detour option -LRB- listed as an `` Avoid Road '' list -RRB- . You just cross off roads that you want to avoid . Later , you can add these roads back again.On CD # 1 -LRB- right-click on your CD drive or use Windows Explorer to open the folder , avoiding Auto-Play -RRB- , you will find an excellent 114-page user-friendly manual on how to use the software . Included in this PDF guide there is even a picture of how the vent mount should look when assembled.Overall , I 'm very pleased with the software . Once you get your GPS fix , you will rely on this system to get you where you want to go . It has saved me over and over , and it was worth the initial price and patching it took to get it running .
 I love it the ony thing better would have been ome of the new ipaqs with GPS built in
 These are very cheap and work perfectly . No bad Burns so far . They have a easy to write on , blank white front as show in the pictures I uploaded . The front surface is also made so that CDR Labels can stick to it easily . In fact , that 's one of the selling points written on the box . I havent tried putting lables on them , i just got them for some cheap cdr 's just in case i needed any.I 'm a computer technician , so i will probably make boot cd 's with these . Occasionally family members will ask me to burn them a CD , but not that often . We live in a world of USB Drives , SD Drives , Smart Phones and Media players . CDR 's are getting out dated , but they are still useful when working on computers or playing music on your old school cd player .
 When I first bought this CD player I thought it would n't work all that well or the sound would n't be that great but it turned out to be a great product . Although I would invest in a more expensive brand if you 're looking for more functions the Koss has been very reliable and at such a great price !
 This is an okay player . I never had skipping problems . The music played pretty good . I rate it okay .
 I 'm a network admin who makes frequent train trips into New York City . I started a new job and was looking for a new set of networking tools . Yes , I could have gone Paladin for a much higher price , but I decided to give StarTech a shot . I was looking for a kit to crimp RJ-45 , RJ-11 that came with a tester that could travel well . If you do some searching , finding this combo is not cheap . Even individually priced , the StarTech was cheaper . This kit also has a punch down tool with all the bits you need , not to mention a starter kit of RJ-45 / 11 ends and snagless covers to protect the prongs . If I could change one thing , I would have made the RJ-45 crimper a little stronger , but I 've made plenty of cables , one of which I use every time I am at my home office desk , and it has been perfectly fine.I highly recommend this product for those who need a crimper and cable tester , even more for those who do lots of traveling .
 I bought this camera for $ 50.00 a few years ago -- now it costs $ 18 and you can get it for $ 10 . Really what I bought myself was a whole mess of trouble , but it seemed so cool ! Every kid was into spy stuff -- and you 'd order complete nonsense from the back of a comic book which you knew would n't really work . And here was a reasonably priced spy camera ! Just the kind of thing Patrick McGoohan would use . And it did come in quite handy , although the timing could n't have been worse . A little earlier and I 'd have proved my point beyond the shadow of a doubt . A little later , and I would n't have run into certain technicalities . Apparently , the law on complete disclosure is that the opposing attorney has to let you see her relevant files on the case , except when she really does n't want to , and you are the little guy.The camera 's resolution is n't actually bad -- all these cameras -LRB- plus your cell phone camera if you have one -RRB- boast a similar pixel number , but what turns out to be crucial is their treatment of light levels . This one is so simple that it does have a real problem reading text off paper in medium light ; you ca n't really focus at closer than 4 feet . But the graininess does n't look digital ; instead , there 's a wonderful sepia quality to low light photos that looks like an early daguerreotype . It 's really worth finding one for a few dollars and playing around . -LSB- 8 -RSB-
 Excellent choice for quick capture , not ideal for activities which will require alot of picture taking as it only holds 5 shots at a time before you must download and clear the camera memory . Otherwise , an excellent choice .
 This is a product wich can give you satisfaction running your computer ! I ` ts much faster then other products and can sure you the ` light speed ' in xomputers world . I ` ts compatible with most desktop configuration 's
 I bought my Sansa View 8gb three weeks ago , and it 's been working great . I wanted a new mp3 player mainly to watch movies or video clips while I travel . The video quality is n't the best , but it 's still very good . Same with the photo quality . The screen is big , bright , and crisp . The sound quality is good as well.Navigating through the View is quite easy . It only took me about ten minutes to get the hang of it . Although I have n't bought a MicroSD card yet , I love the idea of an expandable library.Several people have mentioned bugs in the View , but I have n't had a problem . I think Sandisk has worked all of those out.My only problem with the View is that it came with Rhapsody . It 's not the easiest program to work with , although they say adding music is as simple as `` drag and drop '' . For some reason I have all my songs in the Videos folder as well as my Music folder . They play just fine , but I do n't know how it happened . It may just be me not understanding the program well enough.I definitely recommend the Sansa View to anyone looking for an inexpensive video mp3 player.PROS : - Inexpensive-Expandable library with MicroSD card-Big , bright , crisp screen-Easy to navigate-Slim and attractive lookCONS : - Comes with Rhapsody-Have to hold the Power switch a little while before it turns off
 I truly love this MP3 player . I would recommend it to anyone . Mine holds a charge for about two to three days . I play it about six hours a day listening mostly to an FM radio station ; but also play music about one to two hours a day . Ca n't imagine life in a office environment without it .
 This is my first mp3 player , and I shopped for a long time doing the whole iPod vs. everything else comparison . I 'm thrilled with my choice of the Sansa View . I 've only used it for music so far but I 've found it very easy to use with Windows Media Player both downloading mp3s online and ripping my own CD collection.Definitely recommend it !
 I 'm behind times ... this is the first MP3 player that I have owned/used . I travel alot and I love the ability to download audiobooks . I highly recommend this product .
 So far my view has been almost perfect . I have had it for about a month now and have had no problems with freezing etc that others had reported . The screen flickers a bit sometimes but that is no problem for me . It is a bit unweildy to run with , and I did have a bit of trouble loading songs onto it , but it runs perfectly .
 I 'm a first-time mp3 player purchaser . I ordered the Sansa View rather than the Sansa Fuze primarily for the size of the view screen , and I 'm so glad I did . It 's easy to see , and due to the size of the player , I feel I 'm less likely to drop it . Adding songs to it was easy . The sound is very clear . I downloaded the recommended software -LRB- firmware ? -RRB- from the Sansa website , and everything seems to be working fine . The Sansa website has detailed instructions that I found helpful . The battery is holding its charge well - I 've only had to charge it once , so far . I would recommend purchasing a different set of earplugs . The ones that come with it are too large to fit comfortably in my ears and fall out easily . I found some great ones at Big Lots for $ 5 . I would also recommend -LRB- as someone else did -RRB- ordering some kind of protective case for it due to the shiny surface . I ordered a clear plastic one -LRB- very inexpensive -RRB- and am happy with it . Plodding away on my treadmill is a lot more pleasant now , and I do n't disturb other household members with my music choices . I would also recommend the Amazon suggested wall and car chargers so you 're not dependent on your computer as your only source for battery charging .
 I bought this mp3 player as the result of good experience I had with a previous Sansa Fuse product . They work , sound good and feel solid in my hand . My favorite thing on this mp3 player is the navigating wheel . It just makes the searching easier and faster when you have thousand of songs . The screen looks sharp and its brightness is right . Battery life is good . I could get more than 10 hrs of music without using too much of the screen .
 The is my second Sansa view and I 've also bought them for my wife and children . This really is a good MP3 and video player . I use mine several hours per day at the gym . I listen to podcasts in the MP3 format and it works flawlessly . I also listen to subscription music from the Rhapsody service and the Rhapsody sound quality is fine . I also watch podcasts of various television programs and the video playback is excellent.I 've really only got minor complaints and they relate to some details of the firmware . The biggest ones are that the batter charge indicator is not entirely reliable . It tends to under-read , especially after using the radio or Audible player . This does n't detract from the utility of the device , but it is an annoyance . Next , it 's way to easy to confuse the device being powered off with it simply blanking the screen . You really have to carefully look for the goodby message to be sure you 've turned the device off . If it 's left on , it will deplete the battery and then when you want to grab it and go , you find that you 're out of power . Minor revisions to the user interface like an explicit menu entry for shutdown and an occasional screen flash when the device is left on would make it much easier to manage the battery . Of course the flaky battery indicator should n't be that though to fix either .
 I have owned this product for just over a year now and it 's still going strong ! Excellent display and sound!My favorite option for this MP3 player is the file transfer method . No iTunes , no special formatting , just drag and drop . Transfer files from CD , your computer , other MP3 players , you name it ! Although there is software that must be installed first -LRB- the CD is included -RRB- to accomplish this , but once that is done , your computer recognizes the MP3 player as an external hard drive.I 've seen other reviews which mention fingerprints . There is a very easy solution ... there is also a sleeve/armband available for this product which I also purchased -LRB- just search the web -RRB- . The sleeve is made of rubber which makes this MP3 player that much more durable -LRB- believe me , mane has been dropped plenty of times and does n't have a scratch on it ! -RRB- This MP3 player also offers lots of other options . microphone , FM radio , you can also store audiobooks , movies , and pictures . With 8MB of storage , you can get it all on this MP3.Bottom line
 Great price , beautiful screen , simple user interface , nice features . The microSD slot is a great feature , allowing me to expand from my original 8GB of memory to 16GB -LRB- 8gb + 8gb card -RRB- . Do n't know whether it will recognize cards higher than 8gb , but that is adequate for my needs . Have movies , music , & photos all on the device with room to spare . Kept me sane on a long trip from the west coast to the east coast.Read some of the other reviews noting that the item freezes from time to time . I experienced this same issue until I udpated the firmware . Since then it functions flawlessly.Sansa has an updater utility that will sense the device connected to the computer and download any required updates . Strongly recommend installing the utility if you are going to use the View or any of the other sansa players .
 I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it ! It receives FM radio and has a built-in microphone for voice recording , which the Nano does not have , and it has an SD memory card expansion slot , which I also think the Nano lacks . Loading music is no problem and the unit is recognized the same way as a flash drive , but putting videos and DVD movies onto the device takes some savvy know-how and not for the faint-hearted or non-technical person . Still , there are lots of instructional videos out there -LRB- YouTube , etc. -RRB- to help you . Screen is very sharp and clear and the controls are ergonomic and smooth . Glossy black case is quite attractive . If you decide to protect it with a silicon case , be sure and get the clear one , because I bought the black one and it does not allow some lighted indicator icons on the front to shine through -LRB- they are next to the control wheel -RRB- , but you pretty much get used to where they are and what they do so it may not be a problem after you are used to the unit . The extra features and expandable memory make this a real Nano-Killer . This model is a big improvement over the previous Sansa models -LRB- larger screen and better controls -RRB- .
 Just wanted to mention a few things the other reviewers did n't . This player supports the WMA format which iPOD does not . I have the 8GB unit and expanded it with a 4GB MicroSD card . After adding the Micro SD card , the unit took about 90 seconds to start up , and battery life was reduced from 3 hours to about 30 minutes ! Overall , I love it as a MP3 player , but would recommend you go with a unit with 16GB built-in storage if you think you 'll need that much room .
 This is my first MP3 player and I was n't expecting it to be that great , since everyone seems to be in love with the Apple ipod mated with itunes software . Boy was I in for a surprise . Not only did this player fulfill my expectations , it made me a believer in SanDisk products.Since I listen to the radio a lot , I really appreciate the built in radio ; which by the way , works great . The only time you 'll have a reduction in sound quality is when you are in an elevator , or in an underground parking lot . Otherwise , the sound is as good as a car radio when you are out in the open.You wo n't be able to use itunes with this unit . You have to use Windows Media Player . WMP may seem a little confusing at first , so just make sure you have the latest version of the player , and you should be OK.One reviewer complained about not being able to charge the player through his PC . SanDisk mentions that not all PC 's will be able to charge the player when the computer is OFF ; but it will always charge with no problem when the PC is ON . Keep that in mind . If you do n't want to always have the PC on to charge the player , then get the Belkin charging kit . It 's cheap , and you 'll get a car charger along with an AC adapter.I paid about $ 115 for my player brand new . I see that `` Like New '' units are going for $ 70 , and unless there is some defect in the unit that you get , I would consider that price as a `` steal . '' I like my player , and knowing that I can add more memory makes it even more of a value . SanDisk will always get my vote for a job well done !
 This is the other side of my husband 's Christmas present - and no doubt he is going to be extremely pleased that I purchased this item for him . I 'm excited for him to see it !
 My oldest daughter got both me and my teen daughter this MP3 player 2 Christmas ago . They are both still going working great . We both love them sooo much . It 's like my daughter 's life line she listens to it sooo much . She loves how it holds so much music and stuff . The screen size is great and user friendly . Best thing your not locked into any internet music site like IPod is.Now I am buying one for my teen son who been asking for one for Christmas . If any of them ever break we will buy more .
 My oldest daughter got both me and my teen daughter this MP3 player 2 Christmas ago . They are both still going working great . We both love them sooo much . It 's like my daughter 's life line she listens to it sooo much . She loves how it holds so much music and stuff . The screen size is great and user friendly . Best thing your not locked into any internet music site like IPod is.Now I am buying one for my teen son who been asking for one for Christmas . If any of them ever break we will buy more .
 My oldest daughter got both me and my teen daughter this MP3 player 2 Christmas ago . They are both still going working great . We both love them sooo much . It 's like my daughter 's life line she listens to it sooo much . She loves how it holds so much music and stuff . The screen size is great and user friendly . Best thing your not locked into any internet music site like IPod is.Now I am buying one for my teen son who been asking for one for Christmas . If any of them ever break we will buy more .
 it was a gift for my son he use to have the smaller version years ago . so , when i saw this i new he would enjoy it . thank you .
 This is the 4th SanDisk Sansa we have purchased . The first one I bought for my husband 4 years ago , he loved it so bought one for our teenager . We bought another one to replace his at the same time we bought this one . This one is for the preteen daughter . Will continue to recommend and buy this brand . Great quality !!
 This one-time technophile has probably become closer to a technophobe as technology has raced ahead faster than I could keep up . That said , I saw the handwriting on the wall and realized an mp3-mp4 player was in my future but dreaded making it a reality since I did n't even know where to begin to compare features and specs . It did n't help when an abortive first attempt to acquire one -LRB- from a vendor in no way connected with Amazon -RRB- turned into a disaster resulting in a return and a refund . The Sansa View 8 GB model was my second try to enter the world of mp3-mp4 players and , given my track record , I approached it with considerable trepidation.Explaining how I came to purchase this item is probably the longest part of the story and this review . Since the player arrived , I have been pleased and delighted with everything it does and can do , how it does it , and how easy it is to utilize the various functions . The old clich&eacute; comes to mind
 This product is a very good alternative to the expensive IPod Nano for its size , durability and price is a very good deal . It holds many songs and it sounds great . It is simple to use and durable .
 This is a great MP3 player , and costs a lot less than an Apple equivalent . Shipping was fast . In case you want to sync some tracks from your computer to the Sansa View , connect it to your computer and call SanDisk support and they will `` activate '' the player remotely and you will be able to sync ever after . I downloaded to user manual . It is much more detailed than the skippy little guide that comes with the player . All in all I am very happy with this player .
 The Sandisk mp3 player is easy to use , unlike the Ipod you can download musicfrom any computer .
 This MP3 player is so nice compared to the iPod . All you have to do is click and drag the music on your computer to the MP3 player . No iTunes required . It is very nice . The capacity of 8GB is very nice too .
 My 13 year old son is very pleased with this product.The only problem I had with AMAZON is they marketed it on the screen with a protective skin and power cord to buy `` as a bundle '' . Unfortunately , the skin that was shown on the screen did not fit . Not good , AMAZON !
 I definitely like this . All the features that has makes this product smooth and easy to operate.Definitely recommended .
 I bought the Sansa View on sale for $ 129.99 , and I am very pleased with it . As a first-time buyer of an mp3 player , I was reluctant to pluck down a lot more money for an IPod , which at this point seem overpriced and overrated , given the other choices that are now out there.The sound quality is quite good . I 'd forgo the built-in EQ settings , which sound uninspired , and opt for the custom EQ that allows you to tailor the frequency response to your own tastes . I agree with some other criticisms that I 've read online both in customer and professional reviews that lower bass response is a bit lacking . But I 've found that a combination of tweaking the custom EQ settings , plus buying a better pair of earbuds that the ones provided , make up for this mild inadequacy . I bought V-Moda Bass Freq earbuds , which really help to round out the sound of the Sansa by providing plenty of lower bass response . My listening tastes range across classical , jazz , rock , blues , popular , and electronica , and the sound quality the Sansa provides is very good across all these genres.The Sansa View is a bit large for a flash-memory based player , but I think this is due to the generous size of the display . The video quality is bright , sharp , and with good color , for videos , photos , and album covers . One small complaint is that the wallpaper options are quite plain , and there does n't seem to be a way to add your own wallpaper options -LRB- or at least I have n't discovered it yet -RRB- . Menus are simple and easy to navigate.One feature I really wanted which no IPods have is an FM tuner . The digital tuner works quite nicely , with good sound and reception and up to 20 presets.I really like the control wheel . It works smoothly and the rubber gives it a supple feel . And the look of the Sansa View simple and elegant , with a shiny piano black finish , with the body having a sturdy , solid build quality to it.I 've found the 8gb built-in memory to be more than adequate for my CD library . I 've loaded around 60 CDs -LRB- a little over 1100 songs -RRB- , and I still have about 1.5 gb left . Bear in mind that many of my CDs are classical symphonies , jazz compilations , or electronica , which average 60-70 minutes each and take up space more quickly than your average CD . And the expansion slot for a microSD card , which I have n't tried yet , would allow me to add an additional 8gb of storage.Overall , I 'd rate the Sansa View as `` best in class '' in terms of offering very good overall quality and a generous selection of features for a modest price , compared to other comparable mp3 players .
 Before a friend of mine showed me his Sandisk Sansa View , I was almost ready to purchase the Zune because I was impressed with the navigation , sound quality , and the heavy feel of quality the Zune seemed to possess . However , when I found out that Zune made you get Zune Marketplace and did not even work with Windows Media Player , I became disillusioned . However , I got to actually play with my friend 's Sansa View , I was impressed with the feel of the quality , the capabilities of drag and drop from Windows Explorer -LRB- not available with Zune or iPod -RRB- , sound quality , the same feel of switches and navigation , and the fact that it will hold other types of files as a huge memory stick.If you decide to purchase a Sansa View , you need to do three things before playing with your View and installing mp3 's . -LRB- 1 -RRB-
 I have owned my View for a month and I love it even more than when I first got it . I will tell you about all the complications I have had , how I overcame them , and why this player rocks my world.The View is small , like the nano and provides equally excellent sound , photo/video quality . It comes in 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , and 32GB , but trumps the iPod with its memory expansion slot which allows you to add up to an additional 16GB of data for just the memory card 's price . Be aware however that it only takes microSD chips , which for most people needs an adapter , but an 8GB card can be bought for $ 20 with an adapter , so it still is n't bad.Upon receiving my sansa view , I knew instantly that it would be prone to scratches and fingerprints , especially since the screen and the player itself are one , so I recommend buying at least a screen protector . The material of the player is more similar to the first generation iPod nano , which does n't feel as cheap as the new generations of iPod . The face of the player is easy to clean with a soft cloth -LRB- like those glasses ones -RRB- . When it comes to the design , I like the View over the iPod because the back of the View is a very comfortable soft rubber grip that does n't attract ugly fingerprints and is n't cold to the touch , and the menu wheel actually turns , which just feels good when you use it -LRB- you 'll understand ... -RRB- When it comes to their interface , I 'd say they 're very much alike . The menus are self explanatory , and both have their pros and cons about their menus . One notable thing about the View is that you can choose your background color on the View 's menu screen , which to me is n't very important , but when I 'm bored it 's one more thing for me to play with.Now , the controls . After using the iPod for so long , it took a bit of time to adjust to the View . For example , when using the iPod , you simply press the up key to go back one step in the menu no matter what you are doing , but whenever I press the up key while something is playing on the View , it will play/pause it . If you press left or right on either players , it will go backward or forward in the track list . So then that leaves the down button , which on the iPod pauses or plays what you are playing , and on the View gives you the song/video/photo menu -LRB- it adjusts to whatever you 're doing -RRB- and from there you are able to get back to the music list . What will really spin your head about the View though is that when you 're not on the `` now playing '' screen , you use the left/right buttons to navigate the menus ... so it keeps your mind sharp . So sometimes , it 's one more click than necessary to navigate the View , but once you 're used to it , there really is no difference . Plus , whenever I 'm lost in the controls , I simply hit the handy home button and start over again.One cool feature from the View which does n't exist on the iPod is its voice recording . I am in college and I use this feature to record lectures , or simply to punk friends . The sound quality from the recording is amazing , and unlike other recorders , it does n't alter the voice being recorded . Also , if you are listening to the radio on the View -LRB- yes , it has an FM receiver -RRB- , you can record what you are listening to , which is pretty cool also . For me , voice recording and radio are the most used applications on my View , and maybe that 's because I 've never had an mp3 player with those options . Whenever I 'm like `` darn , why do I love all the songs on my View ? I want something to compare it to so I do n't get used to all this good music '' , I simply switch to the radio.When it comes to battery life , I would hands down give the award to the Sansa View . I 've never had an iPod whose battery lasted over four hours on one charge . The View can last me a whole week without recharging , as long as if I control its volume , backlight , and be sure to turn it off when I 'm not using it . I use my View for at least 2 hours everyday . But one thing about these players ' battery is that it all depends on your luck or willingness to ask . Lithium Ion Batteries will die when its time comes , so when you purchase one , you can rely on luck to get a fresh battery , or you can ask them how long this player has been sitting on the shelf . Of course , if you 're buying from Amazon , you wo n't have that option . Therefore , I bought my player from Best Buy.Now , to the most important part of this player
 I am not sure why everyone has given this player a bad review . I own the 8 GB version , and I love it . I have never been impressed with the iPod . It 's too over-rated , and it 's not appealing to me . Although the click-wheel is cool , that 's all that I like.I also looked into the Zune , and I 'm not impressed with that one either . I checked out the 30 and 80 GB versions of the Zune . The 30 GB is like a brick . It 's huge ! And it 's heavy . And I do n't really need 80 GB of space.Then one day , strolling through Best Buy -LRB- or rather , Worst Buy -RRB- I came upon the SanDisk Sansa View . I started playing with the features on the in-store display , and I was impressed . First off , SanDisk has been around for years and is a name that geeks everywhere -LRB- like me -RRB- know and trust . Second , it 's not an iPod . Third , it does all of the same things as the iPod , and it 's cheaper . Let 's compare ... The 4 GB iPod Nano -LRB- 3rd . Gen. -RRB- is $ 149.99 . It plays music , video , displays pictures , has a click-wheel , and is kinda small.The 8 GB SanDisk Sansa View is $ 149.99 . It plays music , video , displays pictures , and has an FM tuner . It can also record through a microphone , and it has a click-wheel type device on the front for navigation through menus.My favorite feature that blows the iPod and the Zune out of the window is that the Sansa View is expandable . You can put in up to 4 GB more via MicroSD or SDHC . I 've never seen an iPod do that!So , overall , I am in love with this iPod and Zune killer . I hope more people out there will realize that the big names like iPod and Zune are just getting money for a name , where as the other companies like SanDisk give quality products for the price of the big name stuff.Oh , and one last thing . Windows Media Player is the only downside . I 'm not a fan of the Windows Media Player , but it the sync process easy and fast . I put 4 GB of music on my player all at once , and it only took about 4 minutes . Not too bad.Not-as-popular companies
 There have been many mixed reviews of this product , and from what I can tell , opinions are split between people who expect an MP3 player and those who expect an iPod . No doubt , iPods have their benefits , but the Sansa View has proven to be superior in my opinion.Being a college kid , I keep my MP3 player with me at all times as if it were some sort of life-support equipment . I used to have a first-generation iPod Nano , but I converted from that fad religion when I saw my girlfriend 's Sansa e200 . My Sansa View has more capacity than the current generation iPod 's in the same price range , with just as high quality of audio playback . The navigation with the rubberized click wheel takes about three minutes to get used to -LRB- yes , the iPod 's amazing touch wheel is award winning , but you 'll find , after about a day of use , that the Sansa 's navigation is just as intuitive as any other -RRB- . There are other structural features that add to the View 's quality
 I 've been a fan of Sansa players for some time . Their products outshine the competition on several critical points : -- They are Audible.com compatible . If you love audio books like I do -LRB- I drive a lot and they are a constant companion -RRB- then this is an essential feature . -- It has a built in voice recorder . -- It works with a variety of software . -- It has a built in FM tuner ... AND it can record FM radio too ... a really wonderful feature . -- You can expand its memory with a miniSD card.The screen is bright and the controls are simple to use as well.A couple of points : -- the chapter mode for audiobooks does n't work well . I do n't recommend using it since it loses its place in books . -- the radio records in . wav format which uses up a lot of memory . -LRB- I worked around this by saving the file as . wmv and playing it as a video -LRB- one large file went from ten Gig -LRB- ! -RRB- down to 500meg . Overall , dollar for dollar , it is a better value and more functional than any other product currently available . You will not be disappointed .
 I ordered the e280 through Amazon and their vendor sent me the VIEW by mistake . I had the option of returning or keeping it and decided to keep it for the bigger screen , ability to show long videos/movies , and longer-lasting battery.Some people are concerned because the battery can not be replaced , but I have a half-dozen devices going back 5-6 years with lithium batteries and they are still going strong , so it is not a concern for me . If you are still worried , get the 2-year replacement policy.As soon as I got the Sansa , I hooked it up to my PC and used a file manager to pick out and copy 1000 of my favorite MP3s to the Sansa , then I used the Sansa Media Converter to copy over several dozen pictures and several dozen music videos . Even though I had 1.5 GB left after copying the MP3s , I put the pictures and videos on theSandisk 4GB MicroSDHC Memory Cardthat I got through Amazon for about $ 18 . This leaves me plenty of space to add more MP3s , record speech , and record FM radio music . I had no problem with any of this , and watching videos on the VIEW is really cool . Now I can show my friends my favorite photographs and YouTube clips . -LSB- Update
 I bought a Sansa View over a month ago , and I am pretty impressed with the product , though there are a few things that have kept me from giving it 5 stars . First , the good : It has a great feel to it . It 's very slim , and it feels extremely comfortable in the hand . Ergonomically , it is fantastic . It feels light , but not cheaply made . I can access the features I want quickly , and the navigation scroll wheel feels better than an ipod.The screen displays pictures well . I have some favorite pictures of the kids , as well as some scenic pictures I have taken over the years . I do n't mind showing the pictures on the Sansa because they look good on the screen . Colors are vibrant , and my black and white pictures show a lot of detail . I know that most people do n't buy an MP3 player to show pictures , but that feature works well nevertheless.It has an equalizer . I know that some people do n't seem to like it , but it works well for me , and you have the ability to customize it . This feature is not found on many other MP3 players.The amount of music that it stores seems to be just right . Of course , this is a generic statement for all 8 GB players , but , for my money , I would n't want anything larger . Think about it ... if I can only listen to this for 30 minutes to an hour a day , I would rather make sure that I am listening to songs in my top 2,000 favorites , than say , songs that are in my top 20,000 -LRB- if there is such a thing as 20,000 favorites ... -RRB- . This player gives me the size and convenience I want , without the `` extras '' that suddenly make it less pleasurable.The price is right . It is cheap if you consider 1 -RRB- the price of other players with the same size capacity , and 2 -RRB- all the general features you get , such as a radio , recorder , photo display , audiobook player , and -- of course -- MP3 player with equalizer.Now the bad ... I have had a problem with it `` locking up '' after disconnecting it to my PC . In those cases it will continue to show the `` Connected '' message and will refuse to allow me to do anything with it , including powering it down . If it continues I will need to get a replacement .
 I ended up buying four of these MP3 players . I originally bought them for my children for Christmas . Then my husband said he would be interested in one , so I bought him one also . They were all so happy with them that my husband suggested I get one for myself and I did . We all really like them . I love the fact that I do n't have to carry around all the cds anymore and once I got used to how it works I just love it . My version even though they say they are the same thing are different than the other three but either way we like all the features they have .
 I previously had an ipod nano 2nd gen. it had gotten water logged and thus , died . my fault entirely . i began to research more into other mp3 players . my best friend showed me his sansa , i think it was the c240 . after a lot of messing around with it , i decided that the sansa brand was the way to go.the fm tuner works great incase i would rather just want to listen to the radio . i love the drag and drop option for music rather than syncing to a music player . the screen resolution is great , the only problem is that it gets a bit sketchy . it does n't affect the performance so i 'm not worried about it.i got it as a christmas present from my fiance and absolutely love it . the screen is awesome , the music quality is great coming out . the only thing i would suggest is getting a new pair of headphones . the plugs that come with it tend to get uncomfortable after some time . no problems with the battery . i had a usb-house plug adapter . it charges it great and i get a couple days of play . that 's including use in car and listening to it during classes . the usb plug adapter can be gotten at walmart pretty cheap . i would recommend charging it that way rather than via the computer . that way , you do n't always have to have the computer on .
 If you 're like me and do n't want to join the millions of sheep , try this player . I got it about 3 weeks ago and I 'm totally pleased with its features . The display is simple but I do n't need fancy graphics . Just want it to play mp3 's . The unit is a little bigger than the old e series but it 's classy in style . Yes , the glass face does attract fingerprints but I bought a case so it 's not an issue . I do n't use WMP for transferring the files . Just plug it in and drag the files onto the music folder . What I like most about it is the AAC file support . If you encode your files at 96K AAC , you can squeeze quite a bit of music on 8 gigs -LRB- about 3 megs per 5 min song -RRB- . But then you always have the SD media slot if you run out of room . Try that on an iPod . The EQ is nice to have . The earbuds are ok but I bought some better ones.My only gripe is the way the player organizes the music . It does n't read the tag for track number so each album is listed in alphabetical order . That 's fine for most music but if you listen to progressive music , the songs all segue into each other so the songs have to play in a certain order . I suppose I can make a playlist to fix that . It 's minor and I can live with it.Definitely give this player a shot !
 This is my second 8GB Sansa View - one for my wife and one for me . I got spoiled on a Creative Zen - you ca n't Creative for ease of use and reliability . Then I got an I-pod as a gift to serve as a backup machine for the almost daily fitness center classes I teach and what a nightmare it has been . Syncing mp3s with I-Tunes is a horrible experience . Comparing I-Tunes to Media Player is like comparing a Model T to a Honda Civic unless you use nothing but I-Tunes as your music source -LRB- I do n't and wo n't -RRB- . I decided to try something different with no hard drive - the Sansa View that uses an internal memory and micro SD card . I got the 8GB with an 8GB Class 6 micro SD . Both of our Views have functioned flawlessly . Syncing to them with Media Player has been equally flawless . The Internal memory and the Micro SD card show up as different devices in Media Player but the music list on the Sansa screen looks like it 's all one.No more spending an hour trying to get three or four songs synced to my I-Pod . Playback has been flawless on the Views . I need a reliable unit for my classes and our two Sansa Views have been just as reliable as my Zen . I have happily relegated the I-Pod to a drawer . Bye-bye I-Tunes ! For the money , the Sansa View is a superb player . It is small and light . Accessories are inexpensive . If I had n't needed the capacity , I think I might have gotten the Sansa Fuse . They are even tinier . But for now , I have to give the View a `` two-thumbs-up '' .
 Other competing players are $ 100 - $ 200 . This has great sound quality , a nice screen and lets not forget INCREDIBLE battery life . 15 minutes of charge I 'll spend hours at the gym . The expansion card slot for a micro SD gives you a great opportunity to fit more media -LRB- music movies ect . -RRB- and its even got radio . Mine has lasted through mountain biking , running in the rain , the gym , drops , mud all sorts of things you may or may not put your MP3 player through . My buddy just recently broke the screen but the player still works ! It actually took a lot to even break the screen so Id say its durable . Mine lasted 2-3 years and it was approximately 120 for the 16GB when it came out I believe . Talk about a great product.Con
 It is a great pleasure for me to use this cool Sansa View . However , the lack of folder browsing capability is a big handicap for me . Because , most of my archive does not have any ID Tag . So Sansa put these files to a `` unknown folder '' like putting items into a garbage box . If it had a folder browsing capability , I would rate it as 5 out of 5 stars .
 I had no end of trouble getting it installed on my Vista computer . Tech Support was useless , apparently not admitting to the problem . I finally tried the forums and found a workaround . Finally working , the player is great for music and my Audiobooks , small , easy to use , generally just what I wanted .
 When I first received my View the only issue I had with it was that it would freeze up occasionally . I downloaded the latest firmware , and I have n't had any problems since . Well worth the money .
 Great product , love it , would buy it again if need would recommend this to anyone that wanted a small MP player good value for the bucks .
 I love this MP3 player but have problems every time I try to order a song as how to get it on the player .
 I got my Sansa SanDisk back in 08 ' for Christmas , and I 've had it since up until now -LRB- feb 12 ' -RRB- . I have never had an iPod , & do n't really mind not having one . It defiantly surpassed how long i predicted the shelf life for this mp3 player . Mine is still going strong after 4 years , for awhile it would n't let me view my photos unless it was thumbnail format and it would n't even let me watch my videos . It started working again though . I had n't used it in awhile because i lost the charger for the sansa , but i bought a usb cord and rediscovered it . -LRB- : I like that it comes with a micro SD slot so you can add additional storage space if needed . It does n't have a camera , but for someone who already has a camera/phone and does n't mind putting pictures on the computer then syncing them to the sansa ; this wo n't present a problem for you . They 've gone down dramatically from what they originally used to retail for so this is a excellent inexpensive buy if you do n't care about being with the `` in trend '' of iPods . The device feels durable but picks up dirt quite easily on the outer casing . Also be wary of dirt/makeup particles getting trapped underneath the screen , i would suggest a screen cover/protector if you can find one.Another big issue i had with this device when it was first purchased , was i could n't figure out how to sync music to the Sansa . I 've found it only works with Windows Media Player , and if you download music make sure to make yourself a music album so you can drag & drop the songs into the sync section so it 's easier to do . I think this device would be excellent for older adults who do n't want to fuss with iTunes/fuze as this does n't have any necessary applications you need to install to download music . I think this device would also be beneficiary for younger children who have asked for an iPod/mp3 player but have n't yet learned the value of taking care of things ... -LRB- this is durable as EVER & not too bad in price range ! -RRB-
 I bought the View because I owned a 4 GIG e260 and needed more memory . The view is a little slicker version of the 200 series with a larger screen . The graphics are clear , the menu is the same as the 200 series , the scroll wheel has been redesigned and is a lot smoother . The home button is nice and when you turn the unit on , the last played option pops up that will take you back where you shut the unit down the last time and starts the music , or what ever you were doing . A lot of people have complaine about the battery life . After I received the unit I charged it for 4 Hrs . I hooked it to powered speakers and selected the radio with the volume to full . It played for 5 hours . I charged it again and repeated the same test but with the volume at 50 % . It lasted 20 Hrs . I have not repeated the test at 25 % volume but would think the battery life would be even better . It makes sense that the greater the output , the shorter the battery life . MP3 File transfer is easy but I do not bother with drag and drop . Just treat it as a storage device and use Windows Explorer to simply copy and paste the MP3s into the Audio file on the Sansa . I did n't buy the player for the video option . I ca n't understand why anyone would want to watch videos on such a small screen . All-in-all I 'm happy with it . You just need to understand that this is basically a flash player , it 's not a palm computer and will not perform like a computer where videos are concerned . If you want a good inexpensive MP3 player that you can rip your favorite CDs to , this player is for you . If you want to watch movies , buy a portable DVD player .
 Mostly very happy with this product , except the fact that it 's dreadfully slow on fast forward or reverse . As you might imagine this can become very frustrating at times . And also totally unable to skip ahead to another part of the recording immediately similar to what the ipod can do . -- C'mon Sandisk , give us some software to correct these serious inconveniences !!
 Well , on the plus side it has great sound and good picture the ability to expand the memory and an FM radio -LRB- iPods do n't have this feature -RRB- . The downside it that the screen has a somewhat greasy look . This does n't show very much during movies but it is a bit annoying . The screen scratches very easily so I would reccomend a case . When watching a movie , sometimes the whole thing freezes up and you have to turn it off and back on again . This is not horrible but it does get on your nerves after a while . The spin wheel is awesome -LRB- I like it much better than the iPods because the spin wheel actually moves on the Sansa View -RRB- . The whole thing is very easy to use and very user friendly . Overall this is a good product .
 I bought it to use for taking my Unbox videos mobile . Great , clear little screen . Very easy to use , very easy to transfer media , very compatable with Unbox , Windows Media , Rhapsody and Yahoo Music -LRB- which will soon be Rhapsody , too -RRB- . Ca n't load my photos on it , but I think that 's more of a problem with my computer rather than the Sansa Media Converter . -LRB- It originally worked until I started messing a bit with it , and it was easy to use , too . Will fix the problem when I find the time . Until then , it 's not a big deal . -RRB- Expansion slot is a big plus . The View automatically senses what media is being loaded and adjusts accordingly , a feature that is absent in the E250 , which I also have . Great sound with the right earphones . Loads of space . What else can I say that has n't already been said . I love my little View and hope it lasts a long time . Good price at Amazon , as always .
 We ordered three of these for my husband and two children for our really long plane ride to Europe . We `` test drove '' the product on a short trip the weekend before , and the girls loved them ! They hold a lot of movies , and have an oversize screen as compared to my iPod Nano . The movie quality is very good on the Sansa View - we tend to forget that the device is so small ! The music quality is great too . The battery lasts about the length of time it says , although it 's a stretch to get a full 6 hours when watching video consistently . And sometimes the sound when watching movies is n't loud enough , so be prepared to have really good headphones . All in all , we are very happy with the Sansa View ! It kept my children and my husband entertained during our 10 hour flight !
 I bought this as a gift for my husband and the more he uses it , the more he is thrilled with it . Only downside is the weight .
 THE SANSA VIEW IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . THE MUSIC SOUND QUALITY IS VERY GOOD BUT LACKS BASS POWER . THE VIDEO PLAYER WORKS GREAT ONCE YOU FIND AN EASIER WAY THAN PROVIDED BY SANDISK . USING THEIR PROVIDED `` SANSA MEDIA CONVERTER '' WHICH CAN BE DOWNLOADED FROM THEIR WEBSITE TAKES HOURS TO CONVERT A MOVIE TO THE SANSA VIEW , BUT USING THE `` PSP MOVIE CONVERTER '' DOES THE JOB IN COUPLE OF MINUTES AND THEN YOU CAN DRAG AND DROP THE MOVIE TO THE SANSA VIEW USING RHAPSODY MEDIA PLAYER . ONCE I LEARNED TO DO THAT I BEGAN ENJOYING THE PLAYER . THE PICTURE VIEWER IS GREAT AS WELL . I ALSO OFFER THE FM RADIO FOR WHEN U WAN NA HEAR SOMETHING DIFFERENT , DSEPERATE FOLDER FOR AUDIOBOOKS AND PODCAST , EXPANSION SLOT . A BANG FOR THE BUCK .
 I love this tiny MP3 player . Very easy to use . If you do have any problems , their customer support is great . I had to download a driver to get it going and I also called about another problem . They talked me right through everything and it all works well . I bought it primarly for the purpose of using a speaker system with it so I can listen to music in my office instead of depending on the radio . The earphoes included were not the best , so I did purchase another pair for improved comfort . I have loaded a video and some photos on it as well as music . To add videos and pictures it is necessary to dowload free software from the Sansa site . I feel this is a great product and it was better than I expected with a very reasoable price .
 I 've had this product about 3 years now and use it everyday . I 'm amazed at the quantity of music that I can put on it . I have n't used the video part of it , but , in a pinch have used it while DJing when my other equipment failed . I totally recommend this .
 I bought this MP3 player for my husband 2 years ago for Christmas . It was easy to upload and navigate . He is still using it today . Has not had any problems with it . I think he even took it on deployment with him . I would definitely recommend this product .
 My oldest daughter got both me and my teen daughter this MP3 player 2 Christmas ago . They are both still going working great . We both love them sooo much . It 's like my daughter 's life line she listens to it sooo much . She loves how it holds so much music and stuff . The screen size is great and user friendly . Best thing your not locked into any internet music site like IPod is.Now I am buying one for my teen son who been asking for one for Christmas . If any of them ever break we will buy more .
 This is the third Sansa View I purchased . One for my husband and the second one for me . The first one disappeared on a flight to Florida and I had to have another one . They are very user friendly and the screen is large and easy to see .
 This is a nice MP3 . I got it on Black Friday on Amazon for only $ 99.99 , yes Sansa View 8 GB MP3 280 . While everyone else was looking at the lighting rounds on Black Friday they did n't see the tiny small icons around the today 's deal page . If you use a computer you should be able to tranfer sound & images files without using a program . It 's basic computer 101 . I use Sony 's SonicStage myself . Records at 192 for crisp sound .
 I picked this up a couple of weeks ago and have been using it on a daily basis . The initial setup was easy , just plug it into a USB port on your computer and start downloading music and pictures . There is no software for the unit , however you do n't need it as you can drag and drop your files to the appropriate folder on the unit . The screen is amazing !! It is very clear and bright . The sound is amazing with several presets to choose from -LRB- Jazz , Classic , Rock , etc. -RRB- as well as a customizable Equalizer . I love the slim design as well as the jog shuttle wheel on the front . The FM radio on the unit lets you record live broadcast and save them for listening later . It also has the capability of playing audio books and podcasts . One of the main reasons I picked this unit up was the expandability with the micro SD slot on the side . Once I find a nice case I will be ready to go !! If you are looking for a sleek mp3 with nice lines , amazing screen , good sound and easy transfer I would recommend this to anyone .
 I have a Sansa View 8gb which I used every day while walking or jogging for a little short of an hour every day through all seasons including winter with sub-zero temperatures . I keep the Sansa View in a shirt pocket while walking or jogging . I have had it for over two years . I have a soft plastic case that is like a skin . I have had no problems of any kind with the product . The battery life is excellent . I just recharged it after about 10 hours of use and it was three quarters to a half still charged . I think the battery is fine . I charge it usually through a wall plug . I have a plastic stick-on-screen protector . I have only used the View very little for videos . They worked fine on the View . I would think it is hard to watch a movie on it because of the size of the screen . I have not listened to audio books on it , but have listened to some lectures . I have not dropped the device to the floor with a hard hit . I have dropped it on a rug and a few times the length of the headphone cord.My evaluation is as follows : It is a very good value compared to other products . It is much less per gb than Ipods but has more features . The Sansa warranty is one year , much longer than other manufactures warranty . This is a big plus in my mind . The View has a feature that allows you to listen to the most recently added songs . Most other MP3 products do not have this feature . It has an FM radio which I have used and it works fine . I do not use the ear buds that come with the device . I use Sony hang on the ear types . The ear buds that come with it are as good or bad as any other ear buds that come with MP3 players . This is a flash player . I usually synch it now through Windows Media Player now with Windows 7 with no difficulty . You are not tied to particular music sites or software . I am no audiophile , but find the sound quality to be very good and I can not tell the difference between the View and an I-Touch for example . I noted that Consumer 's Reports rated MP3 players for reliability , and there was not a great deal of difference between the major players here including apple.My View has provided excellent service for over two years with no problems.Now in late spring of 2012 , this device is still going strong and I use it for a little short of an hour every day.UPDATE summer 2012 . I still use the product every day for almost an hour each day . I note no change in the capacity of the battery to hold a charge . It has developed no problems with 4 plus years of daily 1 hour use .
 I 've had my Sansa player for four days now , and am really enjoying it.I previously owned a 4GB Sony Walkman , but the Sony is n't compatible with -LSB- ... -RSB- audiobook file format , so when the time came to upgrade my player , I opted for the 8GB Sansa View.It has some pluses and minuses compared to the Sony Walkman.For one thing , it 's about 25 % larger , and noticably heavier than the Walkman.And I do n't find the Sansa 's user interface as easy to navigate as the Sony Walkman . -LRB- In particular , the lack of a physical volume control switch is a bit off-putting , and the UI volume control is n't intuitive -RRB- . On the Sony Walkman , you can easily control the volume with an Up/Down rocker-style switch , and skip through tracks on the player by pressing the back or forward arrow buttons.On the Sansa , you have to use a combination of pressing the arrow buttons and spinning the thumb wheel to navigate to a particular track or to control the volume , and you have to actually look at the screen while you 're doing it , because of the multi-layer screens and options.Since I hook my MP3 player into my car stereo system for longer drives , this is a big usability issue for me . With the Sony , I did n't have to take my eyes off the road to adjust volume or move to the next file . With the Sansa , if something is n't adjusted correctly , I either have to pull over or wait until I hit a red traffic light.That being said , I really like this player . It has twice the storage capacity of my Walkman , and I like having the option to bump that up even further by inserting an extra memory chip . The file transfers when syncing the player are significantly faster than on the Sony , which encodes MP3 files in some way during the syncing process . For example , an audiobook file that took less than 40 seconds to transfer to the Sansa player took nearly an hour using Sony Media Manager.The sound quality is very nice , and the Audible file compatibility makes up for any annoyances in trying to navigate through the UI .
 I purchased an 8G Sansa View after doing some research and the following are the things I did to maximize my experience :*-RRB- I ordered the Crystal clear hard case and the Wall/Car chargers -LRB- they work just fine . The case was because I read that fingerprints are a neusance with the View * -RRB- After I recieved the produce , I dloaded the Sansa Media Converter but found that the Prism Video Converter -LRB- Free -RRB- was much easier to use and allowed me to place the videos in the folders that I wanted . * -RRB- I downloaded the manual and printed it -LRB- all 37 pages -RRB- because I KNEW in advance that the paper manual that comes with the product leaves a LOT out !!! * -RRB- I started using WMP -LRB- Windows Media Player -RRB- to sync my albums to the device but since it wo n't go higher than 192 bit rate , I now use my own program -LRB- yes , I wrote a TAG manager in C++ and Visual Basic -RRB- . If interested , I can e-mail the program , it 's free but has NO help files -LRB- cause I am a LAZY programmer -RRB- . * -RRB- When you use the WALL charger , remember that if you plug that into the View when the View is off , it will go into BM/Mini mode and you can not do anything with it . So , before you plug the wall charger into your View , power the View on first -LRB- this is only if you plan on listening to/watching while you are charging -RRB- . * -RRB- The manual is not clear so I will state it here
 This SanDisk Sansa View 8 GB Video MP3 Player is packed with features at a price that is far below what you would expect to pay for this level of features and quality . First the screen is the perfect size for portability , it is neither too big to be portable nor too small to make it hard to view . You can download and watch full length movies as well as most other videos and photos . Of course you can download a tremendous number of songs but , for those times when you do n't want to bother with downloading new songs or simply want to listen to something different , you can also listen to the built in FM Radio with presets . This unit can also be used as a voice recorder great for meetings or classes . This unit feels substantial in your hands and features very easy to use controls . This is a feature packed powerhouse at a budget friendly price . If you are looking for the features of an iPod video but do n't want to pay the high price then this is the player for you ! I would not hesitate for one moment to recommend this fantastic item to everyone . The only one small downside is that in order to charge the battery you need to plug it into your computer . This is easily corrected however with the optional AC adapter and car adapter for those times your away from a wall outlet but still need charging .
 I bought this player almost 2 months ago and I love it . I bought a wall charger and a protective case at the same time , so I 've had no trouble with fingerprints or charging . The charge holds very well -LRB- I have n't tried charging from the PC , I prefer the wall charger -RRB- I use Windows Media Player 11 to manage my music files , and I 've had absolutely no trouble syncing files , just a matter of choosing the songs and they sync in seconds . I did not use the CD that came with the player , so I ca n't comment on the content , instead I went to the Sandisk website and downloaded the user 's manual in PDF format , which is pretty straightforward . -LRB- BTW , it also explains that some USB ports may not have enough power to charge the player , this may be why some customers are having trouble -RRB- Downloading photos was also very easy , again using WMP 11 . I also downloaded video that I took with a digital camera.So far I have n't had any freezes like those described by other customers -LRB- I would suggest going to Sandisk 's website and updating the firmware -RRB- I do n't give the product 5 stars because if I 'm listening to songs and then go to photos or the radio , when I go back to songs , they want to start again from song # 1 instead of where I left it , which I find annoying . Also , I did n't like the earbud style -LRB- replaced them with Sony -RRB- and the fact that it did n't come with a wall charger , I had to buy it separately -LRB- but most players do n't come with the charger these days -RRB- . However the modulary style of the charger means that I got an extra sync cable , which is nice because the plug is propietary -LRB- another thing I do n't like -RRB- Overall , I 'm very happy with the View . Nice display , easy to use menu , great battery life , good sound , nice slim size , memory card slot , good radio reception , voice recorder , power saver features , syncs trouble-free with WMP 11 . The good definitely outweigh the bad .
 I bought my Sansa View because I travel a lot , and wanted something to watch videos on during long flights . The Sansa View is perfect for this -- the battery lasts for 6-7 hours watching videos , AND , unlike a lot of other portable media players , it can keep playing while recharging -- so you can use its computer cable to hook it to a USB battery extender -LRB- a gizmo that takes 4 AA batteries and provides the same power output as a computer 's USB port -RRB- and keep using it even longer!You can watch long -LRB- more than 40 minutes -RRB- video files on it without problems -- and it even allows you to bookmark your place in a video so you can restart from the same place later!With the newest firmware , video playback is excellent -- the audio and video sync up fine , and it has only frozen once the entire time I 've owned it -LRB- and I use mine a * lot * -RRB- . Earlier firmware versions may have had some problems in those areas , but those problems are fixed now -- which is why you should install the firmware upgrades from the manufacturer 's website as soon as you get your new player!The player can connect to the computer as a `` mass storage device '' -LRB- like a USB thumb drive -RRB- , so you can just drag and drop audio and video files onto it without using any special programs . It comes with free `` Sandisk Media Converter '' software for converting video files into a format the player can handle -- I was n't very happy with the results , but there are plenty of other free programs out there for converting video files , so you can use a different program to convert the videos if you want to.Say goodbye to boring in-flight movies , this little gizmo is a traveler 's best friend ! If you 're looking for a portable media player with EXCELLENT battery life that can keep you entertained for hours on end , this is * definitely * the one you should get !
 It 's an MP3 player . No issues . Battery lasts all day and then some , which is great on the job .
 I was upgrading from a Sandisk Sansa e280 4GB unit . This unit does a better job playing everything -LRB- audio and videos -RRB- and with a larger screen and longer battery life , I was sold . I think this unit is a great option if you want to avoid ipod and itunes .
 I bought a sansa last year for my husband and after thinking it too much between an ipod and a sansa , I decided for the sansa . First because of the price and then I can save any file from anywhere and dont have to worry if its compatible with itunes.Definetly is worth it !! The sound is amazing , I bought other earphones and wow ! it pumps my cardio every morning .
 I did a lot of research before I finally made the decision on buying an mp3 media player . After all my research , the sansa view seemed like the best bang for my bucks . It holds plenty of music , has a decent battery life , and the video player displays a great image . The only con I have about it is that the only way to charge it is through the sync cable it came with . It is hard for it to get a full charge through your usb port on your computer , but that is easily fixed with the belkin charging kit which is only a little over $ 20 . I recommend getting that if you are planning on buying the view . I would definitely recommend the view to anyone looking for a quality mp3 player at a great price . If you have a larger music library , then I would recommend getting the 16 or 32gb version . Overall , I am very satisfied with my puchase .
 I really like this MP3 player . I have downloaded many videos and about 400 songs on it and it still has plenty memory ... with the help of a Micro SDHC 8MB card of course . Overall pretty good except . * Slow to rewind and fast forward * It freezes occasionally * instead of going to the next video , you have to manually select the next video when its done . * Would be nice if you could still listen to it while charging . Although you can if your computer is sleep , it will still charge .
 I bought my Sansa View to use with -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is extremely easy to use and to read . I am visually impaired so the screan size was a main factor in my purchase . I can also transfer pictures and videos onto it as well . A great buy .
 First off
 I 've had this mp3 player for a few months now and really like it . It 's very lightweight , easy to use -LRB- I saw from the reviews here to format it before attempting to add music - that 's the only thing that would 've been unclear from the instructions -RRB- , good sound quality . The battery really does last a long time if all you 're doing is listening to music , which is mainly what I do . I 'm very satisfied with my non-conformist -LRB- ie non-ipod -RRB- mp3 player ! Saved myself a little money and do n't look like everyone else out there .
 This is the MP3 player I was waiting for ! It is an excellent and elegant device . Perhaps that is a problem . I read one review where the writer said he had all kinds of problems with his View that it would not work properly even after the original firmware upgrade . he blamed it all on the device and firmware . Yes , the View took a little while to get used to . It was necessary to learn how to use the device properly and learn it . Time invested will be rewarded . Pay particular attention to the thumbwheel . It is powerful , elegant , responsive and sensitive . It is plenty intuitive , but perhaps more featured and capable than one might first expect . So work with it . Menu structure and function is good but takes a little getting used to . You may find features you did not realize are there . SanDisk should really put more emphasis on helping to educate people about this . It has been worth it . I concluded that that reviewer had one giant thumb and was a Cyclops . I 'll say no more . There were originally firmware issues with the device . New firmware was already out when I got mine early on 2008 . Upgrading was easy . I just installed newer firmware this month . Again , easy to do . I never had a problem with it before or after . I bought the 8Gb View and later installed a SanDisk 8Gb microSD aux chip . Again worked great . Had to play around just a little with Audible dot com and Rhapsody dot com to figure that out . I have been through all the functions of this device , they will say they can be a little obscure , but they work great . The issue that people may have is the thumbwheel is so powerful and sensitive . The device is mostly controlled by it . The device is extremely capable and elegant as I said , but many may miss this if they do n't take the time to learn how to really get the most out of it . The way the menus/screens and selections are navigated are very well thought out . But a little difficult and confusing at first . I would not have it any other way because it is designed right and it is sooo very powerful . You have a very capable device that will do all it should . But you must experiment and take the time learn how to use it . This is the MP3 I waited for and am glad I did . Great vivid screen and size , great capacity , form factor . All the features one should need and more . My only regret is that I did not buy a larger capacity unit . But adding another 8Gb for a total of 16 is pretty good . I use it for audio books/periodicals and presentations and for music . The recorder and FM radio features are nice also . Put a video of live 82d jump on it it works great in video mode . I feel sorry for the guy who could not get his to work . It was pretty obvious it was the User and not the View . There are simpler and less capable devices out there that sacrifice functionality and compromise on features . Those are easy to find . As I said , it is a sophisticated and elegant device , but still simply and intelligently executed . I think SanDisk design engineers must have thought hard about how to make this device really right . I think thye did that . Kudos to them . There is little that should be changed or added . Once learned , it is also easy to use with little effort . Just about the perfect MP3 . I think it is clear runaway as the best flash MP3 player in its class on the market at this time . Superbly executed . SanDisk does make very innovative and solid products . BTW , I do own a little of their stock -LRB- SNDK -RRB- . My next MP3 will probably be a 32 or 64 Gb View . Almost lost my 8gb microSD so I taped over the slot .
 This is my second Sansa mp3 player , the first being an e260 , so I kind of knew what to expect.As expected , it 's a great mp3 player with the ability to play videos.It 's very thin and has a very nice finish to it . I like the controls on the View vs the e200 , the scroll wheel is where you press instead of having buttons outside of the scroll wheel.I bought a silicone case and armband for it and the fitment is perfect.The only hang up I have is the Sansa Media Converter . You can drop in all kinds of movies and have it convert them to video your View can play , but not only is it slow , but you have to leave the View plugged in while it 's converting . I use Any Video Converter to convert to MPEG4 -LRB- the free version works great -RRB- and then drag & drop on the View.It does hang every once in a while for about 10 seconds , but only the controls/display , the music keeps playing . There was a firmware update that GREATLY improved this , but SanDisk rolled back to the previous version because it would kill the battery in about half the time , or less.Overall , I 'm very satisfied with it.Oh , and it does n't have a place for a lanyard like the e200 series does . Sometimes I like to hang it around my neck while at work because I do n't use the arm band unless I 'm running or at the gym .
 I picked this up a couple of weeks ago and have been using it on a daily basis . The initial setup was easy , just plug it into a USB port on your computer and start downloading music and pictures . There is no software for the unit , however you do n't need it as you can drag and drop your files to the appropriate folder on the unit . The screen is amazing !! It is very clear and bright . The sound is amazing with several presets to choose from -LRB- Jazz , Classic , Rock , etc. -RRB- as well as a customizable Equalizer . I love the slim design as well as the jog shuttle wheel on the front . The FM radio on the unit lets you record live broadcast and save them for listening later . It also has the capability of playing audio books and podcasts . One of the main reasons I picked this unit up was the expandability with the micro SD slot on the side . Once I find a nice case I will be ready to go !! If you are looking for a sleek mp3 with nice lines , amazing screen , good sound and easy transfer I would recommend this to anyone .
 With the original firmware , you can only use a 2gb micro sd card . With Rockbox open source firmware , you can use sdhc cards of 8gb + . This gives you more room and access to programs and features that are n't part of the original Sansa firmware , or updated Sansa firmware . Rockbox firmware is always free.It 's easy to install and significantly updates your play to work with ID3 tags , games , applications and best of all - album art . You can also download skins . Check it out . The newer Sansas are awesome but if you are on a budget you may want to stick with an older model made better with some new tricks .
 I am not a person who needs her phone to do more than be a phone so i like that my mp3 player is just that . I like the size , not to big , not so small you 'll drop it . it can save videos and pics if you so chose . really easy to understand and use . great quality with out the ` ipod ' prices
 The only MP3/Video player I could find from a known brand that supports X. 264 video playback . Solid feel and long battery life are the two main things that stand out . I 've only had 1 minor issue , menu image shifted off center , that was solved by resetting the player . Video playback is smooth and x. 264 saves a lot of space . Micro SD and X. 264 were the selling points for me . I defiantly got more than I payed for with this product and would buy it again .
 This is the second sansa I have . The other has lasted 4 years with very few problems . It started acting up so I got a bigger one . It is much cheaper than an IPOD and more reliable . My nephew has had 3 IPODs in the same time frame . If you are just interested in music as I am just get the sansa .
 The Sansa View is a great mp3 player . Looks nice , easy to use , arrived quickly too .
 It is portable considering it is a video player , but i think it is a little heavier than the Ipod -LRB- but not bad -RRB- . The video it came with comes in very clear , and looks high def , but I have been unable to put a digital copy of a movie on it :-LRB- -LRB- this may be a problem with WB , not the player , I do n't know yet -RRB- . The battery does not last nearly as long as it says , maybe if you just let it play and not touch a button , but if you like to skip songs , or change the volume , it will not last long . I do not play it that much and I have to charge it everyday . It is easy to use , though I still hav n't figured out how to download the digital copy -LRB- Sansa forum says it is easier to download a DVD rip program , but that is illegal -RRB- . I have another sansa player , I like them a lot , they are inexpensive , and have radio presets which I love . I also like how you can record music you hear on the radio , and play it later . This works fine on my Sansa clip , but it somehow lost the radio I recorded on my View , syncing it also made me loose songs that I own , I am not sure why -LRB- This never happened on my Sansa Clip -RRB- . I like that the scroll circle is n't touch screen because those break more easily .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 15 year old daughter , she just loves it .
 I purchased this mp3 player for my daughter who really likes it . She experienced some difficulty at first downloading her music , but this problem has been resolved.The player is very easy to use - she did not even need to read the manual .
 Very User Friendly , interface ease of use is excellent . Holds lots of Music and Pictures also the Battery seems to last for hours with very little time for charging plug into PC 2 hours or less back to full charge status . This was my second Sandisk Mp3 player both are my favorites this on is the bomb !!! I would recommend getting the Micro memory card so you can carry extra programs or songs .
 Good picture quality , good sound , battery holds charge for a long time , the controld work very nicely . I especially like the option of a memory card . Great product for a very reasonable price .
 Pretty good value for the money . Prefer Zune 's tactile interface . Not much information on how to install Videos , photos or Album Art . But should be able to figure it out from the internet . Try to keep it away from Cell phone , when I put my View in the same pocket as my cell phone it caused the View to lock up or shut down . Like the fact you can add memory with SD cards . Overall more positives than negatives .
 Ive had my refurbished Sansa View for a few weeks now . I also hav a 4yr old Sansa 260 4GB that still works , I also hav an older 1GB Sony . I tried a few of the hard drive units that I quickly returned bcuz of the short unacceptable battery life . I also just got an 8GB nano for my GF . The ipod comes with som great sounding earbuds they just wont stay in , the sansa ones are seriously lacking in good sound quality , absolutely no bass , well , maybe a little , but they do stay in . The sansa and the ipod are both beautiful units , the size of the Sansa is like holding a brick compared to the ipod , but I like it , and also the bigger screen size , the ipod is too small , But I got ta admit its a cool device . Both units can go loud and both have great sound . Im having trouble loading videos on both units . The Sansa will freeze up sometimes and takes a while to turn on and refresh its data base . The Ipod turns on instantly and hasnt froze up yet . I like the way the ipod turns on when u plug in the headphones . I like the touch wheel on the sansa better and it has these pretty blue lights . The extra features of the Sansa make it a keeper despite the ocasional freeze and long load times . The FM radio , 5 band equalizer , voice recording , record from the radio , micro expansion slot and not having to use the horrible itunes software , also being able to delete individual songs from the unit without hooking it up to the PC makes the Sansa View a hands down winner , especially with earbud upgrades . I explained the dif to my GF , but she 's young and trendy , and said , `` I want an ipod '' If I had bigger kahonas I wud save $ 100 and wud just get her a Sansa View . But , haha , well you know .
 The player , itself , is great . You can drag and drop music easily without the need for another program . This is my 2nd one because the first one I bought -LRB- refurbished -RRB- constantly froze and the headphone jack began failing . If you want a big enough MP3 player for cheap , get this one , and buy some better headphones too .
 Unfortunately it has n't been all wine and roses w/my View but overall I would say that I 'm satisfied with it . After having to return my first view due to battery problems the second one I got has worked great . It has been reliable -LRB- so far -RRB- and it 's a breeze to load w/my music , photos and short home videos . The sound is fine with a little tweaking and creating my own equalizer setting . The screen rotates to landscape to show videos so you get the widescreen view , albeit on a very small screen . The wheel works well to glide through the menu as well as volume control . It feels solid though definitely not noticeable on my arm when I 'm working out .
 I bought this for my son and it is easy to use . He likes the controls and it was worth the money . It is light weight and has 8 gigs of space.He loves it .
 well i had an rca 4108 was ok , but the headphone input circuit broke . so i went on a hunt looking for another . So i started to read reviews . this sansa was the best i 've read and so far held up to it 's reviews . I like it and would recomend it .
 This is my first foray into MP3 players , so I am not an expert user . From a first-timer 's perspective , this is a very simple and easy to use player . I 've been able to easily load music , pictures , and video to the player . I am used to the windows system , so that makes the process very easy . The picture on the video is very good . The ear buds that came with the device do n't fit my ears very well , so I 'm going to purchase some others to suit my needs . Overall , I 've been very pleased with the quality and value from the Sansa View !
 I bought this mp3 player about 3 months ago and it works great . I have heard many problems about this product concerning battery life and problems with connecting it to the computer , but I have never experience those problems myself . When I plugged it into my vista operated computer it worked perfectly , and the same for my other xp operated computer . The battery life on it is great and it lasts me much longer then I need to listen to it for , which is often 2 hours or so . One tip I have is to always keep the sansa charged and do n't let it go completely uncharged because that will diminish the overall battery life . Also I have bought the rhapsody membership plan that allows me to listen to all the songs I want and download them to my sansa for only fifteen dollars a month . Basically , this product is really great and I would recommend it over an ipod any day .
 Can not beat this item for the price , hands down!Excellent product with all the features you could want , period .
 I purchased this for my husband to load a recertification course on and study . He also has music on it and is enjoying it very much . It was a great price , especially for this much memory . And Amazon 's service was great as usual .
 I am proud that the item purchased on amazon , and therefore recommends to cybernauts to use and buy on Amazon because so far is a trusted site and find everything you need to this.SanDisk Sansa View 8 GB Video MP3 Player -LRB- Black -RRB-
 I have had this Model Sansa View MP3 since it first came out in 2005-2006 . It remains durable & in perfect working condition . I store music and pics on it and have never had any issues . I was my first and only MP3 player until I bought an iPhone this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . However , I still use the Sansa View for the gym because it 's light weight -LRB- I also have the arm case that goes with it for working out -RRB- . I highly recommend it if your are looking for a quality MP3 player . I purchase and download music from the web-sit it gives you at purchase and i also transfer music from my Windows Media Player on my PC . Too Cool !!!
 I have to tell this to someone . I 'm 75 years old . Love R&B , Get Down Music ! Bought a Sansa MP3 -LRB- 4 GB -RRB- to play songs while working out . It has been great and I really have enjoyed having it . Last week I could not find it so went without . Yesterday my wife showed me the player and told me it had been washed and dried in my workout pants . It was still wet . Just finished turning it on . WORKS LIKE A CHARM . ALL THE MUSIC STILL THERE AND NO PROBLEMS . I COULD NOT ASK FOR MORE !!!!!
 Wow , this has been one of the best products I bought , with great sound , great quality pictures in the video , easy to load files into memory , compatible with WMP , it also brings a player-Sync in the installation cd . I like , I take all Pareto , I plug in the car , sounds very hard , is extremely friendly to navigate between playlists . Presntacion has several languages '' . The Spanish translation used is very good and relevant , unlike others who say one thing and mean another . I recommend
 Much easier to use with the wheel than the newer ones with volume control as a button . Overall a very good choice
 This is a great product Be sure if you are getting a Sansa that it has the dial on the front . I have 3 sansa 's and the only one I hate is the TOUCH Screen one . This one has so many great features and is so easy to use
 I just received the Rhomba 128M MP3 player and its quite a good value.Pluses - Recorder function also with FM radio.Nice displayLi-on Battery , good life between chargesWindows XP recognizes it as a drive , no need forspecial download software like the Rio players.NegativeFilmsy switching for track forward/backwardNo beltclipIncluded ear buds are totally useless and built for elephant size ears , you 'll need to use another headphone.No expansion capabilityNeed a USB charger if you travel -LRB- these are about $ 10 -RRB- I have used Rio MP3 players in the past -LRB- original MP300 parallel port , RioOne , S35S -RRB- , but this is more functional .
 Being new to MP3s I really had no idea what to get , but after ALOT of research and questions I decided on this player . It has all the features I wanted , like the voice-recorder , and the ability to record from FM tuner -LRB- which I like the best -RRB- . So many times I have heard songs on the radio and wished to record them , now i can with just a simple push of a button . The workings of this player took some time to figure out , but i think i have it down , without the help of a manual or instructions . This player is really VERY easy to use.The Creative MediaSource software is GREAT !! Makes it super easy to transfer tracks to and from the player . Also nice for converting files to different formats for recording . I 've even played my DVD movies on my computer with it -LRB- great pic and sound quality -RRB- . I have only had this player for about a month but have used it often and tested all of the features more than once . No problems so far -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . All-in-all this player is super `` user-friendly '' , even for ` Newbies ' like me . It 's sleek , small , has a very readable back-lit display -LRB- adjustable -RRB- , nice buttons , and great sound quality -LRB- i 've hooked it up to external speakers and could n't believe how loud i put it before any distortion -RRB- . There is so much more i could say , could rave for days , but they only give so much room for the review .
 I ordered this great little player as a birthday gift to myself . It 's outstanding except for one problem - The firmware is the unit as shipped was buggy ! In version 1.04.3 , any interrupted transfer to the device causes it to malfunction!I looked up the Creative support forum and dozens of people reported the same problem , namely a complete lockup of the unit and subsequent inability to `` boot '' it ... My first unit failed after about fifteen minutes of playing with it , loading files , etc. . Needless to say , I was distressed . Turns out YOU MUST UPDATE THE FIRMWARE as soon as you get it recharged . Another point I must strongly emphasize is that YOU MUST `` EJECT '' THE DEVICE under Windows BEFORE DISCONNECTING IT.I 'm happy to report that firmware version 1.05.1 is much better and that I have not `` crashed '' since updating to it . I 'm really enjoying it!I love this product and would give it 5 stars were it not for the buggy firmware that shipped with it . Cheers !
 Okay . Here is a write up , that I did , on the comparisons/contrasts on MP3 players . Mainly , the Harddrive versions -LRB- I.E. Rio Riot/Apple IPOD - both of which I own -RRB- and the flash memory type ... -LRB- I.E. Memorex 3642 Mp3 Player , of which I own as well -RRB- . What prompted this little jaunt -LRB- of which you may send to as many people as you like -RRB- My -LRB- expensive -RRB- Apple IPOD died during a sync last month . Just me copying files over to it , and the battery ran out of juice . I would have not attempted to copy music had I known the battery was low , but the battery read FULL STRENGTH . Anyhoo , I called Apple , they said return it for maintenance.I did . Sent it back.They returned it , still broke.To my suprise , there is only a TEN DAY return policy.TEN DAYS.I did not realize this at all ... and will not ever buy another apple product.So , after a month or so of messing around trying to find another MP3 player ... I decided to go with a flash memory MP3 player , the ones that use memory sticks.SO , here are the pro and cons of these devices.Pro 's for the Memory Stick Mp3 players-Cheaper . WAY CHEAPER than Hard drive types.-If you go into music match and file convert to MP3 Pro and shrink the size of your MP3 to like , say 3o percent ... you can really make a good Kompression . Example . My Memorex MP3 player has 32mbs of memory on board . It is expandable to 256mb . 32 mb will basically let you put one cd 's worth of music . It is easy to put music on and off of them , due to your computer reading the USB as just another hard drive , so you drag and drop to put on , delete them to take them off . But , after you shrink your files to MP3 Pro 30 percent , you can put twice as many . So , basically a 256mb chip will allow me to put 208 songs on my little less than palm size MP3 player . And it wieghs like 3 ounces . - More on memory . These little chips are the size of the upper part of your thumb , at least my thumb anyway . They come in 128mb , 256mb , 512mb and even though there are n't any MP3 machines out there to handle them YET , you can even buy a 1.5 gig thumb size chip thingy . Considering the size of the chips and the shrinking kompression I told you about earlier , I could shrink my whole KOLLEKTION down to 10 of those 1.5 gig chips . At the current shrink rate I am at 5 DVD 's , which are way bigger and more fragile than these little chips . - Not as fragile as hard drive type . You can drop one of these chips and not scratch it . I would n't stomp on one with my foot , nor get one in water , but they are encased in plastic . Ruggedish . - Batteries last for like two days . There is n't much going on here , no moving parts , no laser or hard drive to put power to . Most of these flash Memory types have a single AA battery . I use a rechargeable type , so we are talking very low cost here.In comparison to the hard drive types , where you will get a solid 8 hours of playing , this really whupps up . - Size . Small . Very small . Mine is three inches by three inches . A square . But , you can get smaller ones . And the memory chips that go in them are the same ones you use for your camera . And you can put files on them . If you want to put a word doc on your memory chip , you can . Your Mp3 wo n't recognize it , but it is nifty storage.COMPARISON / CONTRAST - Size does matter . In the case of hard drive Mp3 players ... lets face it , you can , if you so chose to , put a library of congress on these monsters . They are the caddilacs of the hand held devices , and guzzle batteries like gasoline . But when it comes down to it , size is the only thing they have going for them . I do n't mean to downplay the hard drive types , but do n't drop them , do n't shake them , and after shelling out $ 499 to Apple you might consider insurance . Apple does n't care about you or your apple after 10 days of ownership . - Price/Komparison . IPOD ran me $ 499 bucks . My memorex MP3 player ran me 45 dollars . The 128 memory chip runs you 50 bucks . Owch . There really is n't a comparison to the two . The memory stick Mp3 players just kick ? on this issue . And , you get MORE than a ten day return policy , since you buy these things at Target/Wal Mart etc. . . So , that is my review in a nutshell
 I have had the Rhomba now for about 8 months and I am very happy with it . There was a problem after about 3 months but after some intense convosations with creative 's customer support and online assitance I upgraded the firmware and have had no problems.It can hold enough wma for my needs . It is small enough to go running with -LRB- the reason I chose it in the first place -RRB- . I have a couple of issues with it which would not have stopped me buying it . but may be of concen.Power &#62; power display on the screen bares little relation to the power held in the unit . It never appears to go below about 60 % power but has run dry several times . I would -LRB- in restrospect -RRB- have prefered to have a battery powered as if you don ' have a PC around with a USB port , you can be kinda stuck . perhaps someone will come up with a power supply cable which goes straight to a USB conector from an AC source -LRB- with whatever voltage they need -RRB- radio &#62; when this works it is great . . sadly to get it to work i need to heavily flick the unit a few times . OK not best practace!But as I said do have a small MP3 player which works with WMA and is easy to use I have been very happy with this unit .
 256mb of mp3 music , FM tuner and voice recorder all in one compact player ! What more can you ask for!I love using my player when I am working out . There are no moving parts , so I never miss a beat.When I first got my Rhomba and pluged it in , it locked up on me . So , I reset it and it has worked perfectly ever since -LRB- no firmware update required -RRB- . I really like the Creative Mediasource software that is included . It is very easy to use.Overall , I would rate this a 5 out of 5 stars , But the FM tuner could use some improvement . My FM tuner has bad reception most of the time .
 this is very good for you buy it
 just for the record
 This MP3 player seems awsome !!! I 'm getting it for christmas and I think it will be great . The Rhomba has so many features . I like that it can act as a floopy drive and can record your voice too . It also has a nice look to it . I ca n't wait 'till christmas . This is going to be the best present ever !!!
 The Rhomba MP3 player by Creative Labs is great . The player is easy to use , and it does not require batteries . One does not have to use the software that comes with the player -LRB- unless you are using Windows 98 , in which case you need the drivers -RRB- . The software is not really worth using . It is basically like Media Player , only worse . And really Media Player does almost everything now so why bother . The converter program is n't very good if you are converting a large number of songs -LRB- it will freeze -RRB- , but it is all right for converting one or two . If you want a converter for MP3s use dBPowerAMP . I did find that when I uninstalled the software my computer would reboot for no reason when I plugged in my MP3 player to charge . I am not sure why that would occur , but it does n't happen with the software installed , so if you need it keep it . You do n't have to make the Creative player your default anyway -LRB- so do n't let it trick you -RRB- . The MP3 player itself is easy to use and remains charged for a decent amount of time . I use it for walking to and from class at college , and it more than suits my needs .
 I purchased this product over a week ago and experienced no problems at all with it . The printed manual is sparse , but the device itself is not difficult to use . As soon as it fully charged , I was listening to mp3s . Works well with different bitrate mp3s also . The voice/radio recording function is pretty cool , too . I was torn between the Muvo NX and this device , but in the end chose this one because of the additional FM tuner and the lower price point . In another review it was said that files in different directories are not playable , but I have had no problems organizing music files into additional folders and playing them . I was stuck 3 hours in an airport and used it the whole time , and still had 90 % charge left when I got home .
 I chose this over any other gadget as it is a good make , has lots of features , great sound quality , small and light , and i can use it in my lessons and wont get noticed as it is so small . The sound quality is brilliant , same for the lcd screen and is an all round good mp3 player , I was scared off the apple ipod , as it is so expensive , quite large , and a lot of people that have bought the ipod have complained about the battery power , and some brake just outside there warrenty , also if the ipod gets nicked or falls on the floor and brakes youve just lost a lot of money !!!
 My Rhomba . Its a excellent MP3 Player , FM Radio , Voice Recorder , and `` portable drive '' . The `` pro 's '' : Great Sound.Strong Bass.Good FM signal receiver.Pretty.Light.Blue ligth.The `` con 's '' : Firmware Update needed . The files are in the creative web.Es la mejor alternativa . He conocido muchos pendrive con FM que se venden en Chile , pero el sonido no se compara con el del `` Rhomba '' . La mejor decision .
 I am just getting a kick that so many still complaining about one side of the head phone cord is longer than the other . . IT 'S MEANT TO BE THAT WAY !!!! you wear it behind your neck , one side should be longer than the other . This is multifunctional unit that works quite well . I just wish it had a better battery life .
 In constrast to the other viewers - I did n't do very much research . I bought the Rio Cali . It turns out you cant just drag a few directories of music on a drive letter and have the player recognize the directory structure in the form of some sort of `` playlist '' . You have to make them manually . So my attitude became - I do n't care , I just want to drag a few directories and be able to see the directory names . So this Creative one advertises on the box `` no software needed '' . You open box and the directions for transfer files has as the first step to `` insall software '' . But alas , all is well - you do n't have to install software . It comes up as drive letter in explorer . One can drag directories . But directories deeper than root are not playable . It fits my criteria - I like it . BAD THINGS - I wish it took AA or some sort of replacable battery - Thinking of bringing the power wires out through the case - for auxillary battery pack I could glue on back . Additionally , there is a buzz that is heard when switching between modes .
 I just got this stuff 2 days ago . this player is very great ! a lot better than muvo . I like the light-weight design and it also has a large split LCD . The sound quality is very nice , crisp and clear . But I feel that the earbud is slightly too big , but its vary though from people to people . Fm tuner also works very great , they give 6 preset for you to keep the memory . It has nice receiver . Menu is not too user friendly though , but you can get comfortable just in few minutes.Overall this is the best portable mp3 player i ever know.Get one , and you wont regret it !!
 I bought this awesome c00l-l00kinG mp3 player a week ago.However , when i bought this player the radio did not work . So i went to download the firmware from the creative website . BIG MISTAKE . After I download the firmware , the player turned off and i could not get it to work . I went to seek help at the creative headquartersand they agreed to change a new one for me.However , i suspect that it was a refurbnished product as u could see some scratches on the screen . Nevertheless , I found out that u can get rid of those scratches by cleanin it with a tissue paper -LRB- dry -RRB- while applying a small force.Since that day , I started learnin how to use the player.I found out that the player works best when u compress them at 56 kbps . Any lower n u can sense a difference in the quality . I prefer 2 view the visualiser usin the ` level ' mode.I suggest u get a new headphones as the free ones are a little too big for comfort n they also leak the sound . To get the best out of the fm radio , put the fm region to europe in order to get more precise frequency.U also can add folders into the mp3 player . The player also come with a neck strap . In short , I simply Loved tis AWESOME player !!!!!
 It 's surprisingly small which allows me to easily toss it in my pocket . Thus far I 've downloaded about 50 songs and still have room for about 30-40 more . The only problem is finding the right place to download from . I avoid Kazaa due to its spyware/adware and virus problems . I currently use MusicMatch which works great with some extra work . I burn a cd first -LRB- which I normally do anyway -RRB- , then I use the software that came with the Rhomba to burn from the cd to the Rhomba . There 's probably and easier way but this works fine for me . I still recommend the Rhomba for people who are looking for a less costly mp3 player or for first time buyers of mp3s .
 Solid product , dude who said there was no manuals is a retard .
 These once cost nearly $ 3000 , but I got my z557 for about 1/15th of that . I 've had it for over six months and used it for radio , TV , DVD movies , Internet video -LRB- full-screen HD -RRB- and general computing . With 2GB of RAM and Vista Ultimate , it actually runs really well . My keyboard is n't as bad as what was written about , here , but it is not the kind of keyboard you would use for more than surfing , anyway . And , it will take any USB keyboard or keyboard/mouse , wireless , or otherwise . I 'd recommend using a wired LAN instead of its weak wireless . And , it can seem like it 's running hot , but that has n't turned out to be a problem . If you have the room , it 's a decent all-around system , looks good and is nicely built .
 I have an Epson Stylus Photo 1400 and have printed out hundreds of CD 's for my business . I looked to Amazon for a less expensive printable CD and was pleased to find this product . My only disappointment is that the center diameter is a full 44cm . The good news is that is does allow for edge to edge printing giving the final product a clean professional look . The only noticeable difference I found with this CD is that I had to increase my ink saturation to get the colors correct . Overall great product for the price !
 Great solution for a special space . I know how difficult is to hang things from a modern ceiling . This item , will solve that problem . Installation is very fast and price was great . Seller was very fast delivering the item . Good job .
 My Panasonic Lumix FZ20 shipped with a perfectly adequate adapter that did a fine job of quickly recharging the Lithium Ion battery . But when I lost it -LRB- left in hotel by mistake -RRB- , I was pleasantly surprised to find that the replacement from Panasonic came with a cord that allowed me to not only recharge the battery but remotely power the camera during studio shoots -LRB- or outdoor shoots where power is available -RRB- . What a nice bonus . I was quite delighted to get this feature as a side effect of losing my adapter.The only problem I had with this order was that UPS delivered it to the wrong address ... twice . :-RRB- Great product !!
 it was easy to find on the website , delivery seemed long . . but it was usual speed , and the product came in perfect condition .
 I was surprised on how comfortable this accessory was . Not to mention the overall clarity of the conversation , even when the wind was blowing or a window was down .
 It is everything I want and need . The cord length is generous . And , because it is corded , the performance is reliable and greater than a wireless mouse . Additionally , because it is corded it does not require batteries.I give the quality 5 stars because , it was a problem fee -LRB- plug and play -RRB- install and its precise tracking.I am happy with my purchase and would recommend it to others .
 Previously , I had n't really paid attention to how long a battery would hold its charge . Reading reviews made me aware of that quality of name brands -LRB- in this case , a real Canon battery -RRB- . I 'll stay with them now despite a slightly higher cost . It 's worth it .
 So I did my homework before purchasing my Canon SX230 and the review suggested I purchase a new battery since the GPS drains the battery very quickly ! What a great recommendation . . . now I have two batteries and swap & charge.Highly recommended if you have GPS in your camera !
 As stated in the product description . The battery came in a retail package and was a Canon NB-5L battery . I have cycled this battery and it works like the ones I had bough directly from Canon .
 Works just as good as the original . This is an OEM product . Came in the certified Canon packaging .
 The battery charges and holds a charge as per factory spects . Fast shipping and pro packing . I would buy from this seller again .
 The battery arrived within just a few days . It was an original battery just as described . So far performing great . When I use it more I will post more info . So far just the same as the original battery
 I have been very happy with the battery . It is a little pricer than other options -LRB- that I have also tried and been happy with -RRB- but has the guarantee of the correct product .
 I suggest buying 2 ... that way you have a back-up always ready to go ! I 've had my batteries for well over 5 years and I thought I lost one , but found it later ! Now I have 3 batteries , but that 's okay ... I take lots of pictures !
 Bought a new Canon camera for a vacation and wanted a spare battery . The battery works great , holds a very long charge and arrived quickly as promised . Would buy again if needed .
 This Canon battery is an exact duplicate of my original one from Canon and sells for about 55 % of the street price ; $ 33 instead of $ 60 . It 's too soon to see how it performs over a long period of time , but so far it 's as good as the one that came with the camera .
 Great Battery . Last a long time to be depleted . I was going to get another one as second spare when traveling . I do n't need it anymore . One is enough . Highly recommended .
 I took more than 130 photos in addition to 5 minutes movies all with LCD on without any need to recharge . it is so powerful . the battery is much powerful than the one for SD 750 , NB-4L family . 1120 mAh is great .
 For one , I love the Canon digital camera I bought this battery for . As far as the battery itself , I would always want the name brand . Local big retail stores had knock offs and the small shops were outrageously priced . I highly recommend Canon camera products and purchasing them through Amazon .
 This battery works like a charm and gives me the same life as the original battery I received from Canon . I bought this as a back up battery and I am extremely happy with it . Ships damn quick . Merchant 's service is excellent . Cheers ...
 I purchased this battery as a backup , so when I take pictures , I do n't have to worry about running out of power.This is a Canon factory battery pack and is the replacement unit for my camera and is not one of those cheap aftermarket batteries.The price was right , the shipping was fast , what else could I ask for.Thanks
 Great product and I find it is always better to use a factory manufactured battery instead of one by another company . It hold a charge longer and you are assured of excellent quality . Besides , the price was very good !
 Battery charge lasted much longer than I anticipated it would do so . I am pleased with the number of photos possible over three days on one charge .
 This battery appears to be a genuine Canon battery . It was shipped to me promptly . The battery holds a charge well and runs the camera for a substantial period of time . It does not appear to self-discharge unusually quickly . It has neither leaked nor caught fire . I have not instrumented the battery so as to evaluate the charge capacity . Just how much can you say about a battery ? Now , if you want to talk about the camera that this is for , the Canon SD800 , then we can have a conversation ! It 's great ! Especially the wide-angle end . That is why I purchased the SD800 . Many potential camera buyers never pay attention to the wide-angle end of the zoom lens on a digital point-and-shoot camera , but when you 're trying to take a group photo indoors , you really notice how wide the lens can go . The SD800 is 28mm wide -LRB- using the standard 35mm equivalent -RRB- , which is SUBSTANTIALLY better than the usual 38mm or worse that most cigarette-pack-size digital point-and-shoot cameras have . You would do well to take this sort of thing into consideration the next time you hunt for a digital point-and-shoot . And , the colors ! The DIGIC-III sensor system produces a dynamic range far better than my Nikon D-100 . You can find my photos at edboakes - dot - com or at CapturedAmbiance - dot - com
 This item is not as critical as a backup because the SD700 has an improved battery life but it is still a great item to carry because you may find yourself running more video on this camera.However , also consider the
 I decided to buy the Canon battery instead of a generic battery because a store `` expert '' told me the generic batteries do n't last nearly as long . I recently went to Greece for one week armed with 2 batteries . My husband and I took many pictures with our SD900 -LRB- 257 we kept - we `` trashed '' countless others -RRB- and viewed them at the end of every day . Our first battery lasted 4 days -LRB- 200 + pictures and at least 4 viewings on the lcd screen -RRB- and the second battery never ran out during the week . Buying the battery through Amazon cost half the price of buying at the major electronic store . I would buy this battery again . The second battery is very useful in another country if you do n't want to use a voltage converter plus a plug adaptor . Plus if your battery runs out while you are sightseeing you can still get pictures . To be fair , I 've never used a generic battery so I ca n't compare the battery life of generic vs canon . I can only say the battery lasted through 200 + pictues -LRB- 4 days of pictures -RRB- .
 I got an off-brand battery as an extra for my SD800 IS and was disapointed with the life . The Canon brand is worth the extra cost .
 I got this as a backup for the Canon PowerShot SD800 IS camera.Canon PowerShot SD800 IS 7.1 MP Digital Elph Camera with 3.8 x Wide Angle Image-Stabilized Optical ZoomThe battery has worked great so far , you can shoot probably 250 photos per battery , so one battery is often enough , but having a space is good insurance.In the past I have bought non-name brand batteries for digital cameras and have had checked success . Since these are OK price from Amazon , it 's much lower risk .
 I bought this to go with my SD700IS because I wanted to keep it all oem and just as the one that came with the camera I have to admit I have never seen a battery last longer I have had the camera for almost 4 months now and between the 2 batteries I have only charged both 1 time and believe me I use my camera allot !
 The Canon NB-5L Battery purchased is OEM . The capacity is 1120mAh . Last a long time using my SD800 IS camera . I 've taken about 300 shots -LRB- about 1/3 with flash -RRB- before having to recharge the battery . It 's good to have an extra battery anyway and because it 's small , having an extra battery in the pocket is not a problem .
 Worked extremely well with my SD800IS . Bought it as a spare for a weekend getaway . The camera itself gives little notice of a low battery but , the battery itself holds a charge wonderfully . I only swapped the batteries out twice -LRB- so , three full charges -RRB- and took over 350 pictures over 4 days . Not to mention the price was great for something that I could n't find locally .
 The packs works well and charges relatively quickly . I always carry a spare battery pack in case of problems or emergencies or I use the camera alot . O have had no problems afer one years of use with the battery pack . i have had a number of different kinds of battery packs and I would suggest that the packs be replaced when you have difficulty in holding a charge or a long period to recharge since it may be approaching the end of its useful lifetime and fail when you are taking picture .
 I have had 2 different Canon SD cameras , and the difference between the Canon and Best Buy generic replacement batteries was night and day . The increased confidence that my battery would n't crap out at the time I needed it most was worth the slight extra price . Though , here on Amazon , the factory is cheaper than at Best Buy .
 This is the battery that comes as original equipment with my Canon camera . I need an extra in order to always have a charged battery available when a change is necessary . With the Canon name on it , I expect highest quality .
 Needed a second battery for the long sessions at the ball park . Battery is small and takes a charge quickly . Seems to keep its charge quite well .
 I always buy an extra battery when I get electronics as it has saved many a situation . This battery holds its charge and if you are getting a Canon camera it would seem like a good addition .
 great for when you need an extra battery . It is a great deal on amazon because the cost would be more at a retail store .
 A must have for your SD950IS , because you never know when you need a backup battery !
 Not much to say other then I 'm pleased with this battery so far . It seems to hold a charge a long time . I 've had different brands before and they never last or hold a charge like this one has . I think its great so far ... only time will tell . But I would buy another one if I needed it.Jan
 This battery works equally well as the one that came with the Canon PowerShot SD950IS . It has performed as anticipated when charging and photographing . I have confidence in this battery as compared to aftermarket versions .
 Purchased extra battery for my new Canon PowerShot SD750 . Fast shipping , great battery and great little camera .
 It is a canon battery and works great . Good price on Amazon .
 I do n't mind paying a little more for piece of mind . This does exactly what it 's should , which is to not piss me off . I hate saving a little less and then realizing the reason why I saved was because it was an unproven product.So the charge stays fresh and the battery life is excellent allowing me to take a high number of pictures with my canon sd800is along with lots of playing back and taking vids without any worry of running low on battery life .
 This battery works as well as the one that came with the camera . I 'm not messing with the cheap aftermarket ones any more !
 Just as I expected and have had before . Canon brand products are the only thing I would use in my Canon camera .
 We wanted a spare camera battery for our Cannon SD870IS . It arrived on-time , and worked as expected . We no longer have to worry about our battery going dead on vacation and missing great pictures , we now have a spare .
 This is an expensive battery but I only buy the OEM replacement batteries for my cameras and camcorder . I 'm afraid of the quality and fire-risk of the knock-offs and after-market brands .
 I ordered this battery as a backup for my Canon SD870 IS camera -LRB- which I love ! -RRB- , since I could not find it in any local stores . The item arrived VERY quickly and was in original packaging -LRB- same as my original battery when I bought the camera -RRB- and in perfect condition . It 's a battery , so there 's not much else to say other than it worked fine ; just as well as my other one -LRB- I was switching between the 2 on my recent trip to Italy so I could use one while the other was charging -RRB- .
 Item was received in 24 or 28 hours from time I ordered it . Totally satisfied !
 The battery pack worked perfect ! The shipping was right on time and it arrived without any problem ! I 've got a Canon SD850IS and it works perfectly well .
 works perfect . not much to say . it 's the same battery as ships with my camera , so I expected no problems . SD700 IS .
 Works well , holds a charge , lasts 2 hours , depending on what you are doing with the camera .
 What can I say ? The battery is the exact same as supplied with the camera -LRB- Canon PowerShot SD800 IS 7.1 MP Digital Elph Camera with 3.8 x Wide Angle Image-Stabilized Optical Zoom -RRB- , and has a great battery life.There are , of course , other batteries that are made to imitate this one , sold for much cheaper , but they could damage the camera and void the warranty . Obviously , buying one made by Canon is always a safer option and is more reliable.Small note
 Our original battery died . Found this battery at amazon -- much cheaper than anywhere else . Works perfect . Holds charge great .
 This is the same battery that Canon sells for $ 60 . By shopping around I got the same product here for a lot less money .
 The battery arrived quickly and exactly as advertised . It appears to be exactly the same as the original which came with the camera . I have n't used it long enough to say the battery life is any better or worse than the original . Good buy .
 Excellent , Canon products have always been good to me . But the battery pack is very good with a quick charge and I gets loads of pictures with each charge .
 Good price for a very reliable battery . I use two of them almost daily and have been extremely pleased with their performance .
 I switch this battery with the one that came with the camera , so I never miss a shot .
 I bought one of these batteries as a spare at the same time I purchased my SD870IS , for a trip to Oregon . Well , I did n't need it because the stock battery took 187 pictures over a 1 week period , finally croaking the last day of my trip . Amazing battery life ! I 'll give this 5-stars since it 's the same battery .
 Purchased from We Sell Bulk here on Amazon and received the item much faster than predicted delivery date - I only say that because there 's always a list and it 's often difficult to pick which seller is the one to go with . Anyhow , the battery came in original and undamaged Canon packaging -LRB- looks just like the images available in product description -RRB- . I was not about to buy the cheap knockoffs and was worried that the one I ordered would be any different than the one that came with the camera -LRB- damaged item or store return -RRB- . Well , after a couple charges and hundreds of pictures , I can say that this battery is exactly the same as our original . It lasts just as long and charges in the same amount of time . Our camera is fairly new so it was a fair comparison - one battery was n't all that much older than the other.Email me with questions
 Excellent buy . Authentic Canon battery pack for my SD850IS . Ca n't beat the price ... buy original , do n't waste your $ $ on non-OEM or fake pack due to poor quality and could damage your camera or cause shorts/hazards ...
 I purchased this for my Canon PowerShot SD870 IS . I 've used third party batteries , but at least in my experience , they just are n't as good as the real ones . This battery provides hours and hours of power for my camera . I would n't recommend anything else .
 I bought this battery for my Canon Powershot S100 . It came in genuine Canon packaging . You can see the images I uploaded.No problems so far . :-RRB- Always good to have a 2nd battery in hand . Do n't waste your money by buying a cheaper third-party battery . They wo n't last long and it may fail and spoil your camera . Genuine manufacturer batteries have a longer life span too !
 This battery is the original Canon that sold elsewhere for $ 79.95 . The battery gave me more shots on the SX230HS than listed in the owners manual . The camera , proved to be undependable , however , and was returned .
 It seems to be the real deal . The battery holds a charge just as long as my original Canon battery that was shipped with my camera . All of the markings are the same as the original . I would buy again , but maybe not at this price . Last time I paid just over $ 26 before shipping .
 This is the strangest `` retail '' packaging I 've ever seen from Canon . The battery functions OK but seems to run down faster than the battery that came with the camera . It 's going to get a good test in a couple of weeks and I 'll update this report if it performs much worse than the stock Canon battery .
 I ca n't imagine not having a spare battery for my camera . I bought this for my 1st Canon Powershot camera and it works exactly as you would expect . I was even more excited when I discovered that my new Canon Powershot uses the same batteries . Now I have 3 ... the ones that came with each of the cameras plus an extra .
 The Battery came in the original package and lasts a long time . The aftermarket batteries do not last as long , and also the time to charge the flash is longer . If you want to take photos quickly one after another with a flash , having the OEM battery is a must ! The aftermarket batteries can take as long as 30 seconds between flashes . They also do not get as many photos as the OEM Batteries do . We replaced a 3 year old OEM Battery with this one , the difference is huge ! However , the 3 year old OEM still performs better than the new Aftermarket battery I picked up for cheap on EBAY . Sometimes , you get what you pay for.I would buy OEM Again , but not aftermarket .
 I originally bought this from iOttie , and the battery they originally sent was somewhat fatter in the center . The battery worked , but when trying to remove it , it would n't have to come out and I had to get a pair of tweezers to get it out.I communicated with the seller and they sent me another and that one worked fine.I have two original Canon batteries , and now a working non-Canon from iOttie , and I can not tell the difference in terms of quality.Definitely a good purchase .
 I bought a Canon SX230HS camera for a European vacation.It has excellent reviews but battery life is one area where it 's been criticized so I decided to purchase a backup before leaving . I decided against a generic battery after reading that although they 're cheaper , they do n't hold as good of a charge as a Canon . I purchased one from ANATOLIAN BOOKSTORE , INC. through Amazon because that was the best price I found and I was very pleased that the battery was indeed an authentic Canon and holds the same charge as the one that came with the camera.It was delivered promptly , at a good price and was as advertised . I would buy from this vendor again .
 An amazingly reasonable price for a genuine Canon battery.I was a little scared to buy a generic battery , you never know what you 'll get and I had a bad experience with a generic battery for my camcorder . For a little more money I received a battery guaranteed to work well with my camera .
 Purchased this original canon replacement battery off amazon . It pays to shop around . I paid $ 24 with shipping included . Local Best Buy wanted $ 68 plus 7 % tax . Very happy with price and product .
 Quickest shipment I 've ever received from any seller ! The battery works just as good as a new one would , but it was so much more affordable ! Thank you so much !
 With the new memory cards the digital cameras take HUNDREDS of pictures which is great ... . until the message `` Low Battery '' ! This time I remembered four days before my son 's wedding that I need a spare battery ! Ran to the mall , to the electronics stores , but nobody had it . The answer was '' contact the manufacturer '' . There was no time for that , except AMAZON.COM . Two days later arrived to my house ! That 's service ! Of course I was able to take thousands of pictures and save my son 's wedding !
 Great price on a genuine Canon battery.Reasonable shipping cost.Arrived in reasonable time .
 I bought cheaper batteries which worked , but had shorter , unreliable life . Definitely did not hold their charges . Now I have replaced them with Canon Brand . Ca n't afford to lose a photo when I need to use my camera .
 I wanted a reliable second battery for my camera to take on an extended overseas vacation . I was concerned about `` OEM '' off-brands -LRB- which may be OK , but some reviewers advised caution -RRB- . I was not disappointed by buying the Canon brand named battery which appears to function exactly as my original battery . The Amazon price was much better than I could find locally , and the delivery time was just a few short days after ordering .
 oem replacement battery . does the job i use it for a backup so i can always use my camera . i am a big fan of the brand .
 I purchased this as an extra battery for a Canon sd800is . It is the same as the original battery and is Canon `` branded '' . A third party battery is available locally at TWICE the price , and the Canon version for almost three times the price . This is a good buy .
 These replacement rechargable batteries have performed equally well as the originals that came with the camera . So far they are holding a charge well and do not require frequent recharging . My camera recycle speed is as quick as before . To date , I have not found any reason not to recommend their purchase and look forward to using them on my next vacation .
 This is an excellent product and holds a charge for a long , long time . I would buy one of these again .
 I think it 's always best to get the actual canon battery rather than a `` replacement substitute '' . The battery life so far is pretty good - at least 8 hours .
 No complaints . I have two so that I always have a spare . They last a long time .
 It was exactly what i was expecting . Came in a timely manner and had no problems with it . No suprises .
 Spare battery for my Canon SD900 . It works great , always good to have a spare .
 it is very convenient that have another battery for Canon camera , because the camera could not show when the battery inside will be run out . I felt comfortable everytime I could change the battery to go on taking my pictures over those beautiful scenes . And the most importance is that this battery is as good as the original one with the camera .
 Great to have as an extra whn taking a lot of pics , quick charge
 If you are planing on taking that camera on vacation you need another battery and this thing is cheap enough to make the decision a no brainer!You know it is true ! You will get to having SO MUCH FUN and forget that your camera has been working from sun up to sun down and now you have no photos of you and that special someone dancing at the cantina ! You have no pictures of the lightshow , fireworks or anything else that happened after 9:34 pm . The moment that your camera died!Charge both batteries , keep one in the case and one in the camera . Problem solved !
 Can this battery start up a car in the middle of a Chicago winter ? NO . . do n't be silly . It 's a camera battery and it works fine . Delivery was on time and it 's all good . : - -RRB-
 Just returned from a South America 16 day trip and even though my battery never did show low on the camera , it was great to have a spare charging in the room . It is worth buying the Canon brand battery .
 If you ever ran out of juice at a wedding or bachelor party do yourself a favor and pick this up .
 This battery does whatever a battery does.By even comtemplating the purchase of a `` spare battery '' , it is without doubt that you already own the one that came with your camera and therefore should know exactly what the battery does and how well it works without the need to read any reviews . But in so doing so , it means you have hesitation in making the purchase , and it is not without good reason.I own a Canon PowerShot SD850 IS and the battery life on the camera lasts close to 3 hours before croaking . You do not need a spare battery unless you plan to leave your camera on for over 3 consecutive hours at a time -LRB- which means you have a photograph nazi obsession with taking pictures of everything that comes to view -RRB- or if you 're faced with the situation that you have no way to recharge your original camera battery -LRB- which means you should be more worried about having no useable electricity than about keeping your camera going to document the occasion you were without a working power outlet or battery charger -RRB- . The battery is a cute little 3d polygonal block . The price is like paying a bunch of money for one block instead of a whole box of Lego bricks.The back of the battery reads , `` Do not short-circuit , disassemble or expose the battery to fire or water . '' Oh , no shiz , Sherlock ! `` Made in China '' . Wonderful .
 Not much to say it was a true Cannon battery not a generic battery which do n't seem to last as long . I had bought generics before and had problems with them retaining the charge after a while . It 's worth the cost to have an actual Cannon product . It was sent promptly and it works
 I have a Canon Power Shot SX210IS . I called Canon to make sure this was the correct battery pack for it and they told me it was . I started to order it with Canon but it was much more expensive through them than through Amazon so I ordered it from Amazon instead . It came quickly and works wonderfully . I had n't realized how much I missed taking digital photos that I could share online with friends and family in other states and areas .
 Although it does n't get use unless we 're out long enough to need a second battery , this product is working just like the original and seems to be a completely legit cannon production -LRB- despite a few other reviews -RRB- .
 I chose this particular battery because it was recommended by the manufacturer . Whenever I purchase anyreplacement item , I look up to see what the manufacturer recommends . The cheap imitation batteries do n'thave the life expectancy I need and expect for my camera . This camera battery was made in Japan .
 I have bought generic batteries for my Canon cameras previously , and I 've bought Canon brand batteries before.I 've had mixed experiences with generic , some matching Canon , others falling well short . But I 've never had a bad experience with the Canon battery , and that is true of this battery as well.I know it 's more expensive , but I like to have a second -LRB- or third -RRB- battery that I can rely on while travelling abroad . This battery definitely meets that standard . I can definitely understand wanting to save some money -LRB- often quite a bit -RRB- but when it comes down to it for me , I like to know my equipment will perform as intended . This battery does just that .
 I 've had this battery for a number of years . I 'm able to charge it up , and I am good to go .
 After running my original Canon NB-5L camera battery down twice on my last major trip , both at critical times after a long day of taking hundreds of pictures causing me to miss some great , once in a lifetime shots , I knew I had to get a good spare before my next trip . I had purchased a cheap , non-Canon replacement , but it did n't last very long at all , so this time I was determined to get an original Canon battery . I just got back from another trip , and the new battery I purchased performed perfectly , lasting me all day as I switched between the two as needed over my 10 day trip - no missed pictures at all . If you need a replacement or a spare battery , I highly recommend buying the original manufacturer 's product even though it 's usually more expensive -LRB- sometimes much more expensive -RRB- than a ` fake ' . Although it did take a little longer to get than I had planned -LRB- it came just in time before I was to leave on my trip , but that was probably just bad planning on my part -RRB- , I am completely satisfied with this purchase .
 I have tried the cheaper non-Canon brand batteries from several manufactures and none of them last very long . They all do well for the first 5 to 6 charges , but from then on they loose their charge quickly . However , with a true Canon battery it stays reliable for years . This has been true for all the different versions of the Canon batteries that I use . So I only buy Canon these days because they are cheaper in the long run . They just ca n't be beat !
 I bought this battery as a spare to use with a Canon SD870 . As far as I can tell , it is the same as the battery that came with the camera . A battery like this has advantages and disadvantages . It is small and flat , so a camera using this battery can be compact and slim . On the other hand you ca n't just run into any convenience store and buy a replacement like you could for AA batteries . Since a replacement might be hard to find on short notice , I think a spare is a necessity . Both the original and the one I bought from Amazon work great . They last a long time before they need to be recharged . The only problem I have with the battery is that it was very expensive . I have n't tried any cheaper batteries from other companies to see how their performance compares , but if I were to buy another battery for the SD870 I 'd try a cheaper copy .
 Well , this is a battery after all ... there 's not much to say . I bought it as a backup battery , so I always have a charged battery on hand . A good idea so you never miss a shot.It 's great quality ... charges super fast - 2 hours . And I think you have to use Canon only batteries if you do n't want to void your warranty .
 This battery is a great improvement , lasts so much longer than previous ones I have had for other Canon cameras . It takes longer to charge , but that is expected . I 'm very satisfied .
 Make sure you get the ones Made in Japan , they are of higher quality than those made in China despite the Chinese Companies producing them to Canon 's exact specifications . If you decide to go generic , make sure they adhere to the same specs for mAh -LRB- miliamp/hour -RRB- as well as the voltage ...
 Real Canon battery , WYSIWYG . Great value compared to local stores , which want to make more profit on a spare battery than they do on a complete camera . I have tried knock-off rechargeables before , and you get what you pay for . I will stick with OEM and a select few aftermarket brands . Li-ion batteries are not rocket science , but there is some costly technology -LRB- and liability -RRB- involved . Cutting corners to reduce cost will have a negative effect . Take my advice
 Imagine my surprise when I found the battery in my camera was completely dead and would n't even charge . The camera is less than two years old , but I always thought the battery life was great since I rarely had to charge it . That turned out to be misleading however since the guy in the battery shop told me you have to use it from time to time to preserve its life . Since I got a phone with a good camera , I stopped carrying this camera with me and it went for easily a couple of months without any use at all -- then I found it stone dead.I was very pleased to find this replacement , but mentioned my experience when I was next in the battery store and learned I had n't been caring for the original one correctly . I also noted that their version of this battery was a good bit more expensive so I was pleased to have made my purchase on Amazon . Now I know to activate the camera periodically and automatically recharge it after a period of disuse to keep the battery active for longer .
 Great little battery . Worked great with no problems . Only wish the charge lasted a little longer than it does . I supose that 's the case with most things battery powered though !
 While conducting dissertation research , at times , I take well over 600 photos a day . Therefore , it 's necessary that I have more than one camera battery on hand at a time so I can continue to take photographs without interruption . The Canon NB-5L Battery Pack is an excellent battery - I get about 500 high quality photographs per battery pack -LRB- which usually is around 4 or 5 hours of continual use -RRB- . Additionally , these batteries , when used with theCanon CB-2LX Battery Charger for Canon NB-5L Li-Ion Batteries , charge quickly -LRB- within about an hour or two hours -RRB- . I love being able to simply switch out my battery and charge the spare while still taking other pictures . I previously used an off brand battery pack and I noticed a considerable difference in quality between the brand and the off brand . The off brand did n't last nearly as long and took about three times as long to charge . I highly recommend paying the slightly higher price for the brand battery pack as it works longer and charges faster .
 oftentimes I have been left without enough battery power to get those last pictures . A great investment was a slightly used but in great condition a backup battery for my canon camera . And since it was used , it was so much cheaper than a new battery .
 Canon NB-5L Battery Pack for Canon SD700IS , SD790IS , SD800IS , SD850IS , SD870IS , SD880IS , SD890IS , SD900 , SD950IS , SD990IS , SD970IS & SX200IS Digital Cameras - Retail PackagingI was delighted with the effortless manner in which this order was processed and which arrived in the time frame expected . Good price and works great as my backup battery for my camera . I am happy to recommend to others in need of these products .
 The Canon NB-5L battery is as good as the original . It 's great to have a spare battery for the camera especially when filming a lot of short video shots combined with shooting a lot of photos . You ca n't tell the difference from the original and it lasts just as long . A great buy !
 This product works well in high power performance needs . The waiting time is reduced even when the power pack is nearing a recharge .
 This battery was included with my sd 990 years ago . It has been through 44000 pictures with flash always on and only in the last few months before expanding did its charge begin to falter.The best price on these comes from buying used and as long as they have not begin to bulge you should still be able to get good life out of them .
 Canon OEM battery in retail packaging . There was an official holographic Canon sticker on the package . It costs a lot more than a 3rd party battery such as Lenmar but it is well worth it . It 's heavier than a replacement Lenmar battery and lasts much longer . Purchased from Amazon.com LLC as the seller .
 I bought this battery as a backup for a Canon SX230HS . When we upgraded from another Canon to this particular model camera , it just so happened that Canon also upgraded to another type of battery , the NB-5L . I found that from going from `` rechargable AA 's '' in the old camera , to the new NB-5L model in the SX230HS was a tremendous improvement ! We are getting much more photos out of this battery than we did in the others . It is a REAL GENUINE Canon battery and NOT an `` After market '' . Yes , I would reccomend this battery .
 Item came as described . It was brand new in sealed manufacturers packaging . It works great too !! I would definitely buy from this company again .
 I purchased this battery as a backup for a vacation . It works perfectly . It is indistinguishable from the battery that came with the camera , lasts just as long -LRB- one or two days of frequent use -RRB- , and charges fairly quickly in the standard charger . For folks going on a trip , I recommend taking two batteries for your camera . Just slip the spare into your pocket -LRB- not with your loose change or car keys , though -RRB- and pop it in when the camera needs it . Charging took a few hours overnight . For European current , my standard charger -LRB- not incl -RRB- said it takes the local voltage , so I only needed a plug adapter .
 This battery has great battery life . I own a small Canon point and shoot . My camera went through almost two 2GB memory cards over a period of three days before the battery life ended .
 Not use to charging camera batteries , so I purchased an extra battery to carry in my camera bag . This way , I 'll always be ready for more pictures when the first battery runs out ... . So far , it works like a charm . Received quickly as promised .
 The battery works just as good as the one that came with my camera .
 I bought this battery in November 2011 as a backup battery to go with the Canon PowerShot S100 that we had just purchased.It arrived new , in it 's original Canon packaging . It charges in a few hours and works well.Sometimes , I wish I had three of these as the S100 can go through battery juice like a camel in a desert , especially if you take any video and have the image stabilization turned on.If you have a Canon PowerShot S100 , I highly recommend getting -LRB- at least -RRB- one of these as a backup .
 not the genuine canon battery , but usable . the item received does not have `` canon '' on it , just like any replacement battery .
 This battery is used in a Canon SD850 IS snapshot camera . In conventional daylight setting I can take > 125 photos without recharging . The configuration of the charger is convenient . I keep a spare , and the charger with me . Have no worries about accessing photo opportunities . So good that if I buy another ` point and shoot ' camera I will be biased to buy one that uses this battery .
 I purchased a Canon camera a couple of years ago and a Canon battery came with it . I bought a couple of generic brand batteries to use as backup . After a very short time , the generic brand batteries would only keep a charge for about ten minutes or less . Having learned my lesson , I purchased this additional Canon NB-5L battery for my backup . It holds a long charge and is very reliable . Do n't waste your money on generic brands like I did , buy the name brand .
 Lasts just as long as the original battery that came with my camera , which is about 3-7 days of heavy picture taking , so long as you 're responsible and turn off the camera between shots . For `` normal '' point and shoot , i could see this lasting a month without a recharge .
 Prompt acknowledgement of order and delivered expeditiously as promised . No hassle involved ! Would recommend to others and would do business again !
 This is the original Battery pack from Cannon , as opposed to many of the alternatives available . This is my second replacement battery for an 890IS . I lost my first spare at a party and bought this one as a replacement . I later found the lost battery after it had gone through a wash and dry cycle in a pant pocket ! It still works just as well as before . Great product !! The only reason for not buying one of the alternatives was the fact that most of the alternatives seemed to have at least a few negative reviews and for the cost difference I did not want to get into a `` situation '' , however low the probability .
 I purchased this battery as a backup to the one that came with my camera and have had zero problems with it . I have taken 90 minutes of video on a single charge so the battery life is excellent . I would recommend a backup battery for any digital camera you purchase . It 's always nice to have a backup because you never know when your current battery will die .
 A no-brainer ! The best battery for your Canon camera . What else would Canon want in their cameras ? DUH !
 I purchased this battery as a back-up for a Canon Powershot SD990 IS digital camera and it works great . I fully charged it , while my wife used the battery that came with the camera . Once that battery was low , I placed this fully charged one in , and we still have n't need to recharge it . We have not had any problems . Highly recommended .
 EXCELLENT CANON QUALITY PRODUCT.IN ORDERING THIS SPARE BATTERY FOR OUR SD800IS CANON DIGITAL CAMERA , WE USED ONE DURING THE DAY -- AND TOOK DOZENS OF PICS -- THEN SWAPPED IT FOR THE OTHER BATTERY CHARGING IN OUR ROOM.NEVER A PROBLEM .
 I bought a Canon SD870IS camera for my wife for her birthday . I wanted to make sure that when she wanted to take pictures , there was enough battery power for her to work with . This is an exact manufacturers battery so I know it will work on the equipment it was intended for . She swaps out the battery every so often , so there is always a backup ready . It costs more than a generic , but you get what you pay for . Have n't had a problem with this at all .
 It 's a must to have a 2nd battery in case you forget to recharge the one in the camera . It does stink with this camera you ca n't just plug the camera in to get it charged . Oh well , the battery holds a charge for a long time .
 I notified Digi Acc to let them know that I ordered the wrong battery . I have 2 Canon digitals and they use different batteries . I ordered the Canon NB-5L for the Canon SD950 IS and should have ordered the Canon NB-4L for the Canon ELPH100HS.I called Digi Acc and left them a message and never received a response . If someone would respond , I would like to exchange the battery .
 So convenient to order almost everything on Amazon , the battery was genuine , packaged well , and now I am back in picture taking mode !
 I purchased this battery as a replacement in 2007 . It never failed to hold a charge . Now , I ca n't find my camera battery !!!! Time for a replacement ... I 'm sure the missing one will pop up as soon as this arrives in the mail : -RRB-
 I have had this unit for a week . I do n't really use it to record tv , but the tv guide shows `` no data '' even though I have Time Warner cable hooked to it.I 'm using the unit to copy home video tapes to the hard drive , then edit the video on the hard drive . You can delete footage , set chapter markers , divide titles , name titles , etc. . Then copy the video to DVD complete with menus . I 'm very pleased with these features.Note that only each `` title '' will appear on the DVD menu . So you must `` divide title '' which divides it into 2 titles where you specify . You can divide as many times as you want . Each division creates a new menu item on the final DVD.Also it can write to DVD at high speed . Using 8x dvd-r it takes me about 15 minutes to write an hour of video . 16x would be faster , but I have yet to purchase 16x media.It took me about an hour to really get hang of it . The manual takes you step by step and is very clear . If you are good with computers and technical things , it will be a breeze to learn.Gripes : TV Guide system is not working . But I have not spent any time trouble shooting it . I run my cable from wall , to digital cable box , then to the Pioneer recorder . If I ran it from wall to recorder it might work but then you only get up to channel 125 from the Pioneer built in tuner . Even without TV guide you can set the cable box to on the channel you want to record , and set the timer , or record right away.There is only one digital output -LRB- needed to pipe surround sound to your AV receiver -RRB- and it is optical , no coax.Also I have had about 4 out of 12 blank DVD-Rs fail to record . I 'm using 8x dvd-r , I think I need to use 16x dvd-r , which I have not tried yet . The manual list tested media from Sony , TDK and Maxell . I bought Fuji . I will try the TDK 16x media next time.I paid $ 450 at a local Tweeter store . I could have got it cheaper on the web , but because this is a complex piece of equipment I wanted to by an extended waranty and have a place to return to without shipping . `` UPDATE '' 1-10-2006Here is an update to my first review . I have had the unit for about 5 months now . The TV Guide system does work but it takes the unit about a week to load the guide to the point that it is usable . But it is clumsy to use . I have a HD DVR I rent from Time Warner for an extra $ 5 a month , and it is so easy to use and works great . The TV Guide system pales in comparison . Also I can copy video from the Time Warner DVR to the Pioneer DVR and then burn to DVD if I want.After trying several blank DVD types I found that TDK 16X DVD-R work the best . You can copy at 16X and I have never had a bad copy with these disk . Search for item number DVD-R47CB50 . I bought a 50 pack at Comp USA for about $ 25 . I also saw them on PriceGrabber.com.I read one review at Sound & Vision that said this units resolution is a little less than standard DVD quality.This is a good review , you should read it if you plan to buy this unit . Google `` DVR-633H review '' and look for Sound & Vision.I 'm satisfied with the picture quality.I still love the unit . The only complaint -LRB- I hope you are reading this Pioneer -RRB- is that when you hit the record button say to record a TV show you are currently watching with out setting the timer , there should be an option to set that tells the recorder to `` stop recording '' after a time interval of 1/2 hour 1 hour , 1.5 hours , 2 hours etc. . As is the unit just keeps recording until you hit the stop button . A few times I forgot to to stop it and ended up with a 5 hour recording.Also I have a new wide screen capable Sony camcorder with DV -LRB- i.Link -RRB- output . This works great , you just plug the DV cable from the camcorder into the front of the Pioneer DVR to copy your home video to the hard drive . And when you copy this from the hard drive to the DVD you end up with a widescreen format DVD . I think I read that to have the DVD end up as wide screen , you can not mix full screen format 4:3 and wide screen 16:9 on the same DVD.Yes this unit does have a DV -LRB- i.Link -RRB- input on the front panel , even though I do not see that listed here on the Amazon description.Happy Recording , TechGuy `` Jack ''
 This DVR does have a steep learning curve , but once you figure it out , it really is a great system . The picture quality is great and it is loaded with features . I agree that it is noisy and that the TV Guide Online is terrible , but I did figure out how to get around that problem -LRB- I did n't see it expressly stated in the manual but I stumbled into it -RRB- . To program the DVR like a VCR here are the steps
 I read the reviews on this device before I bought it , and quite frankly I was really worried because all the negatives regarding the TV Guide programing . Do n't let that stop you , this thing is wonderful!It 's true the menu system is not intuitive and the TV Guide system is slow to load -LRB- 2 days for me -RRB- but once it catches up , you do n't have to even think about it . You pick a show to record , and the machine handles the record length and time.The real thing is it will record to hard disk , and eliminate all those tapes and clutter . You can review what you 've recorded and delete them when you are done viewing them . You can watch a show while it is recording . I like to wait until a show is 10 to 15 minutes into the recording and then start watching it , that way I can skip through the commercials and and I will get to the end of the show about the same time that it ends on regular TV.This is not the machine for a professional video editor . Video editing is like everything else , the menus are clunky but it works just great for home users . The DVD-R feature will let you archive shows or take them over to someone else 's house to watch.With all the bad things I read I was really worried about this purchase , but I had it up and running in just minutes and did my first recording within 10 minutes of turning it on . Basic one touch recording is so simple you do n't even need the manual.I really do n't know why these things are not a hot item at the stores , it was really hard to find a store that even carried one , and I ended up ordering it online . Most of the stores just carry the TIVO product line , but this does everything the TIVO does with no subscription fees.One last thing , because the menus are a bit clunky I found some owners of these devices give up on them right away , I was able to buy one with just a few days use on it for less then half the retail price ! So check for a used one before you make your purchase !
 Hi people , This is a great DVD recorder , DL , 160 GB , Pioneer DVD quality , editing , DV in , etc , all makes this a great machine , but to have the control to the 100 % then you must disable the TV guide that consumes two much time and continuous processing.Here 's the answer , made by one guy that called it `` The EUREKA Method `` To Turn Off EPG Forever with Full Timer Record Available .1 . Reset the recorder2 . Perform Nav Setup3 . When TVG setup screen Appears press HomeMenu4 . Press Timer Rec5 . When TVG setup Screen Appears press Enter6 . Choose `` Canada `` 7 . Set Postal Code to A 0 -LRB- Zero -RRB- A 0 -LRB- Zero -RRB- A 0 -LRB- Zero -RRB- 8 . Choose Cable9 . Choose No Cable Box10 . Confirm Settings OK11 . EPG will disappear , never to be seen again ! 12 . Use Timer Record with RF/L1/L2 / L3/DV options ALL AVAILABLE !! Hope you will be happier now , like me , Greetings and Peace , Sergio C.
 I have the Philips HDRW720 and had identical TV Guide issues . I talked to the Philips people and the TV Guide people . It seems that the problem is with the cable companies . My company is Brighthouse -LRB- Time Warner -RRB- and they had compatability problems with the TV Guide program as recently as September 2005 here in Florida . At time there would be no data or missing data . I tried to record programs but there would be nothing because the cable company was not transmtting the data . It has improved 100 % since I bought my recorder , still not perfect but almost there .
 I have owned this DVR for over a year now , and it has done exactly what I needed
 *** UPDATE *** My TVGUIDE has RETURNED !!! Mysteriously ... or is it?I 'm beginning to believe its absence has something to do with Cox Cable . They have been screwing around with the channel line up for the last few weeks , and then as soon as they settled it and stopped adding those critical new channels to their digital line-up -LRB- 10 new shopping channels , non-mainstream religious channels , and 10 spanish-only language versions of existing stations , makes me wonder what the heck happened to SAP ? -RRB- my TV GUIDE came back . Those of you whose Guide has stopped working , you might call your Cable Provider and see what they are up to . I 'm very suspicious that they were blocking it while they were shuffling things around . Boneheads.Anyway , I still love the thing , although I have uncovered something new to watch out for . The box is VERY picky about what sort of DVD-R 's it will record to , especially high speed record . I bought a batch of Maxell 8X DVD-R 4.7 GB discs a few months ago and they worked great . Went back and bought what I thought were the same discs -LRB- turned out to be 16x 's -RRB- and the box wo n't finalize them . Have had the same experience with other brands of disc too . Best luck so far are the Imation 8X 's and the Verbatim 8X 's , have n't had a single dud with either of those . God help me , I still think the box is the best thing since sliced bread ! ... mrb 9/6/2006 *********************************************************** I bought my 633H-s specifically for two reasons
 First just a thank you to TechGuy `` Jack '' for his review . It convinced me to buy it regardless of the other reviews and I 'm gald I did.I will start by saying that I had already read about the problems with the TV Guide so I got it anyway knowing it probably would not work . I have a HD/DVR from my cable company already so do n't really need it for that . Unfortunately since I record in HD I can only fit about 20 hours on the HDD . So I decided to get this machine for the purpose of copying Movies or Programs I 'd like to save longer or permanent to DVD , and also VHS tapes to DVD . I hooked it up and have tried recording from my HD/DVR , VHS , Live TV . I even recorded a program that was in High Def and although the Pioneer does n't record in High Def , it still made a good copy . It all worked great . I also tried to record from the HDD to the DVD and that worked great too . I was surprised at how easy it was to hook up and to use . I kind of followed the instructions for the hook up although I had to make some modifications due to my equipment . No problems though . As for set up and using the HDD and DVD , I found it fairly straighforward and I have n't read the manual yet to play with all the extra little features . Suffice it to say I 'm very pleased . I 'll finally be able to get rid of all my old tapes . As for the noise some people have mentioned , I ca n't hear the hard drive unless I turn everything off in the room and stand next to the TV . I 'm puzzled on that complaint . Just for fun I tried setting up the TV guide to go through the cable box and it did n't recognize any of the codes , so I opted to set it up telling the machine I do n't have a cable box . I really do n't care about those anyway since I have my HD/DVR . I guess it depends on what you are buying it for but it gets a great rating for what I bought it for.Believe me this wo n't be the last DVR/DVD recorder I buy . This will hold me over until they come out with one that will record in High Def both on the HDD and DVD . I think they have some to claim to do that using upconversion already but I 'll wait till there are some better choices .
 I own a pioneer DVR-633H-s and whenever I play a dvd , in the begining before the movie starts the player hangs and you ca n't work any buttons the player is locked up . The only way to restart it is to unplug the device while it is running and plug it back in . Then still you ca n't fast forward thru the advertisements.btw I do have trouble with the tvguide thing but I do have a reset number that will work that fine . This will fix it . go to TVGUIDE , SETUP , CHANGESYSTEM . . then type 653274147 this will erase all the settings and allow the tvguide to load again .
 Overall I like the dvr but it has a few quirks . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is nosiey -LRB- 2 -RRB- No sleep mode that I have been able to find -LRB- 3 -RRB- No mute button on the remote -LRB- 4 -RRB- It is slow -LRB- It has taken about 90 seconds just to power off and it take 10 to 15 seconds to pull up the tv guide -RRB- Overall I would buy it again . I would much rather deal with the quirks of tv guide on screen than have another monthly payment by getting tivo .
 I have 4 Pioneer DVR 's . Two have 500gb hard drives.The Pioneer DVR is no longer manufactured , so if you want on you have to go on the Internet to get one.I lucked out in finding two , both with 500gb HDD.Just sent out another one to get it upgraded .
 Looked up KTD-INSP8000 / 256 on Kingston web site . Search reveled that this module will work with the Dell Insriron 's 2100 & 8000 only.I am supprised the vendor did not reveal this information in the product details .
 I 'm very picky about what I use for a monitor and learned of this model though Consumer Reports that highly rated it . I upgraded to this one from at Dell 17 '' 1702 Ultra Sharp 17 '' that was square in shape . That was a terrific monitor and I was really uncertain about giving it up . I 'm used this one for about 10 days and have found the clarity and color rendering excellent . I like that I was able to up the refresh rate over my previous monitor . The fact that there is no height adjustment for the stand kept me from rating it 5 stars . Alternatively you can hang it on your wall . I put a book under it to raise the monitor to a more comfortable level for me . I suggest you also see what deal Dell is offering as I bought mine for $ 232.00 delivery direct from Dell .
 I recently purchased this monitor through dell . I have a macbook pro and the default color between the two monitors is VERY close . In fact , I 'm almost convinced my macbook pro has a slight warm cast to it and prefer the color of the dell monitor.My only complaint is that when looking at dark SOLID colors -LRB- i.e. webpage backgrounds -RRB- there is a slightly noticeable diagonal refresh pattern ... but otherwise , it is crystal clear , bright , and better than my mac 's 15 ' lcd.I highly suggest this monitor from a price/performance ratio .
 The refresh rate on this monitor is excellent . I barely notice any ghosting while watching DVD movies or playing today 's graphic intensive PC games . The combination of high resolution and high contrast ratio makes the images , especially text , appear crisp and sharp , from edge to edge . The color accuracy is also incredible . Colors are vibrant and rich ; making it the perfect choice for digital artists . All the colors are well represented , as are shades of grey.The only flaw I see in this model is the lack of adjustability . The height is fixed.DELL LCD monitors are a terrific value and is the only monitor I use , both for work and play . I highly recommend it !
 Just a grea product from Dell ! I never regret purchasing this lcd monitor though my 17 inch CRT which this replaced was truly sharp . This lcd is totally comparable in sharpness which is a plus when editing your digital pictures . It being flat makes you take back very much needed space , of course . If you only have analog connector on your pc you will still find this lcd okay . I installed a pc card with digital connector on my pc thus allowing its signal to stay digital -LRB- versus the pc converting its signal to analog so you could use your crt monitor which is of course analog -RRB- . With this size , I tend to watch my dvds here than on my 50 inch Regza flat TV .
 I bought this Dell E207WFP because CR gave it the highest marks for view angle . I love it . Simple , Elegant . Works great with my MacMini .
 This monitor , when it first came out , received rave reviews and I have not been disappointed . Since first buying it a few years ago , I have since added two additional ones as well . I would recommend this monitor to anyone looking for a older model that performs well .
 I bought this monitor to replace an old 15 '' CRT . It self-adjusts and is simply plug and play . I really like the anti-dust coating too . Great for game players and also for watching DVD 's . This monitor is everything I wanted and needed . The brightness level is very easy to adjust if needed . The wide screen makes everything much easier for me to see . The colors are vivid and true . I highly recommend this Dell monitor .
 I got one of these at Goodwill for $ 15.00 . It 's a nice monitor with no bad pixels but really heavy . I would never buy one new though since they are way over priced .
 We purchased these fiber patch cables to enable us to speed up our network . They worked just fine out of the package and are well made .
 I always goes with the Trip Lite fiber patch cables , due to their quality , and not being so proud of their name they triple the price .
 Great product ... worked right out of the box . Delivered on time ingood condition . I trust this supplier .
 I just got this player and found it very easy to use -LRB- without even referring to the handbook -RRB- . It 's great being able to play one CD full of about 14 albums in MP3 format . I 've not tried other formats yet . The design is very nice and has all the main basic functions . It does seem to last a long time on 2 AA batteries -LRB- longer than an ipod ; - -RRB- The sound is OK for the price but I found that it does skip a bit after some time if on the move -LRB- unless you hold it carefully -RRB- . For my use though -LRB- listening whilst travelling on the bus and train -RRB- I find it just right and the added FM radio is excellent for listening to BBC World service.I 've just sent off for another one for my daughter who is 9 years old and loves the look of it .
 I do n't know why anyone would complain about this product . I got it for $ 30 and it works great . It DOES NOT play WMA for those of you wondering , but I have a program that converts WMA to MP3 , so that 's no problem for me . It was a little confusing figuring out how to program the FM radio , but I figured it out myself in about 5 minutes . If you 're really having trouble you can look online at www.sonicblue.com/support . It gives you all the help you 'll need . I 'm not sure of how the battery life is other than what the product claims , no problems there . I 've already got it hooked up in my car too , and it works in there . The picture makes it appear as if there really are only a few buttons , but the large circle has play/pause/on , forward , back , stop/off buttons that are all multifuncional as well as a special button that enables different play modes as well as the radio . It 's not very complicated . So far I love this thing . Get one if they 're still only $ 30
 This item is very well built , and works great with the Nikon Camera it was purchased to support . I recommend this item .
 I do say it is a varry handy item for PC Cameras so that you can plug it into theVCR to make a Copy of what Video you Recorded on your Camera and put ona VHS Tape or a DVD CD if you have a DVD Player that can Burn DVD 's
 Worked just as described for my D80 . Do be aware that the RCA connection of this cord is not that clear compared to newer connections such as HDMI . This is an older cord for older cameras so do n't expect high definition resolution from it . We used it for a photo booth monitor and it worked excellent .
 recently , I purchased a nikon camera.this is a great addition for my camera.I am able to see my pictures immediatly on the television .
 For the price , this is a great addition for my iPAQ . I already have a nice digital camera that takes pictures in any setting . This is something I can carry around in my briefcase or my pocket for occasions when I need a quick snapshot . It 's pretty much worthless in low light situations , but that 's true for any low-end digital camera without a flash . Outdoors the pictures are just fine . They 're perfect for email or other small requirements .
 This worked great when I used it . It 's been so long , but I remember it worked great ! The only problem is that comparing it to anything recent or current technology its a piece of junk .
 I was very impressed with it . It take stills and movie clips great and it so small . Great pocket p.c. add on .
 The HP Photosmart Mobile Camera -LRB- part # FA185A -RRB- is the # 1 swivel lens SDIO camera for the PocketPC . Actually , it 's the * only * swivel lens SDIO camera for the PocketPC . -LRB- There 's also the Veo 130S , but that 's the same camera with a different name on the body . -RRB- The swivel lens gives this camera the edge among PocketPC devices because you can orient the lens backward , forward or straight up and still manage your photographic composition from your PocketPC screen.My complaint now is that the last software/driver release from 2003 does not work with Windows Mobile 6 from 2007 . So if there are any driver developers that want to write WM6 drivers for this camera , let me know ! Otherwise , why does n't HP come out with an upgraded swivel lens SDIO camera with better light sensitivity , real EXIF time/date stamps and a bigger megapixel count ? This camera 's been holding up the swivel lens SDIO flag on it 's own for too long ! Make room for more swivel lens cameras !
 Not my style to write reviews ... but I 'm so satisfied with this product that I must give kudos ! Straight from the box into my IPAQ H2210 and started immediately taking high quality 1.3 mp pictures . Note that as a Nikon coolpix 3 meg . pix camera owner I was able to compare . Unit is surprisingly much smaller than it appears on Amazon 's web-site . Nice case too . Very simple to operate , and the software is easy to understand ... plenty of handy features . TThe only reason why I ca n't rate this 5 stars
 This is a good lens cap and does meet the purpose . Personally , I wish it had a hole in it so it could be attached to the camera like the original lens cap that came with the camera .
 $ 9 is n't too bad for an OEM replacement lens cap . Needed to pick one up after mine was lost in the snow while skiing this winter . It works .
 Same cap that came with the lens originally . I bought an aftermarket first and it is nowhere near the quality as the original . This cap snugs on the lens tight with a good seal and does not have bulky release tabs like the aftermarket ; Those tabs catch when you 're pulling camera in/out of bag . Highly recommended over aftermarket !
 I bought this cap for my Canon PowerShot SX 40HS , but being previously advised I 'd be using constantly a 67 mm . UV filter attached to the Lens -LRB- you must have the FA-DC67A Lens ring adapter for this -RRB- . Otherwise it will be useless.If used as indicated , you 'll have a cap that holds tight to the lens and additionally , will give your camera a terrific , nice look.Also , be aware this cap has no leash to keep it attached to your camera -LRB- do n't forget this , to avoid losing it ! -RRB-
 good grip , snps on easily . Have had it only for a few weeks but build quality seems good.No problems to date
 I used this product in my canon sx30is , with a 67mm filter.The cover fits perfect in the filter threads and protecting the filter . I will recomend this cover to a friend .
 I lost the lens cap for my 70-200mm f/4 L lens , and this replaced it perfectly . It is an ` official ' Canon lens cap , not a 3rd party cap .
 True , it is more expensive than non-Canon caps , but after all you are using it a hundred times on a photography day and it works the best -LRB- I have a $ 5 non-Canon one and every time I had to use it it felt cheap and flimsy -RRB- . Just another small thing to enjoy your shooting more.One star off , as it still could be 30 % cheaper .
 It 's a lens cap . It is supposed to fit on the end of a lens . It does .
 I bought it for my Tamron Lens . It fits well .
 It is what it is ... and does what it was intented to do . Decent price and appears to be OEM . I like it !
 I later found the old cap between my front seat of the old Explorer and the center console . Not bad to have an extra through . I would recommend getting one of those lens-keeper elastic bands that goes around your lens body and attaches with a peel-away sticker to the lens cap .
 This lens cap works great because it 's made by Canon ! The squeeze grips to remove it are big enough so it wo n't slip off your fingers , even with gloves on . I used this cap in Alaska and it performed flawlessly .
 This cap works great . Exactly the same as the one I received originally with my Canon camera -LRB- and lost -RRB- . No complaints . Just keep in mind that this one has no kind of string or anything , it 's free standing .
 This lens cap look identical to the one that came with the camera . It works fine for me .
 Could not find one anywhere , after losing the original at the airport during a Warbird show . Many thanks !
 I was thrilled to find this lens cap at amazon when the one that came with our brand new camera was lost just 2 wks after we bought it . I went to the product website and was dissappointed to find that I could n't order it from them . I not only found it at amazon ... I received it within 3 days of ordering it ... wow !
 What can I say about a lens cap ?? I bought an extra one to keep because I just know that at some time I 'll lose the other one and it will probably be when I 'm out of town . Be safe ... buy an extra one .
 I ordered this lens cap after having bought a 67mm adapter and filter . The cap fit perfectly , snapped in and felt secure . My only qualm is that I wish it had come with a cord to attach to the strap . No fault of the seller as the description did n't say one was included , I just realized how inconvenient it is to remove the cap then have to stow it or hold it each time . I received it sooner than estimated date and would do business with seller again .
 Its a lens cap . It works just like a lens cap should . It goes over the lens when I squeeze the buttons on the edge , and stays there . It comes off when I squeeze the buttons on the edge . What more is there to say ?
 This was exactly as ordered and arrived on time . I just wish it had a small loop so that my wife could attach it to her camera . I expect her to lose it rather soon .
 Fits as expected and is well made . It lacks a cord to tether it to your camera but you can easily purchase one that sticks on the front if you feel you need one . I however prefer to just keep the cap in my pocket when the camera is in use so its not flopping around and getting in the way .
 5 stars for functionality . This works perfectly on a Canon SX50 67mm Adapter ring . The only thing I do n't like is that it 's hard to keep in your hand when removing , but I feel the same way about the original lens cap that came with my camera .
 Great new product that fit my new UV filter.Just what I needed for my new lens cover for my Canon camera .
 the product is of great quality , and unsurpassed even Canon , I was very happy with the product . cap quality is excellent
 What can I say ? Got it quick -- it is a Canon genuine product . Price was reasonable . I will do business with these guys again
 I bought this lens cap as replacement for my stock on canon 70-200 F/4 none is L lens after I misplaced it.It fits perfectly good build quality from a plastic .
 This cap was purchased to replace the lost lens cap that came with my 70-200 mm lens . It fits perfectly just like it should !
 Does what I bought it to do -LRB- Be a LENS CAP -RRB- I bought a Bowers lens cap holder for $ 1.25 and all is fine in the world !!!
 Works just as it should , could n't be happier with it just too bad I found the missing one the day after it arrived however it is always good to have a spare .
 This lens cap works good . It is of good quality and fits my camera lens filter with no problem . I put it on my Canon SX40 with with this size adapter and filter .
 these are just amazing . i can not tell the difference between having the headphones plugged stait into my computer or plugged into the extention . the sound quailty is 100 % identical and for the very reasonable price this is an amazing product .
 There is no noticeable lag , sound quality difference , or volume level change with this plugged in . If you need a 3.5 mm extender , this is a good buy .
 I noticed a few reviews complaining about their extension cords breaking down after just few months of usage , so I decided to let you all know that after nearly THREE years of use , mine works just as good as it did on day 1 . It was cheap , does what it 's supposed to , and has n't failed me yet . Buy with confidence !
 came in a couple days . works fine . Shipping was more than the product , but overall still cheap . gold contacts and quality ends ... a good buy .
 It is a 15 foot headphone extension cable . I use them for extending the headset cord for my boom operator . They work great until he steps on them.Sound is fine , connectors seem to be fine , but the cable jackets are n't the most durable out there . No problem for indoor static setup , but these are n't ready for prime time and are n't durable enough to use reliably on a movie set .
 Connected . Works well . Fast delivery . Great service . Great for when you want maneuverability while at computer and do n't want to be tied to the four foot cord on headphones .
 She uses it to listen to earphones on her TV.She likes it , I like it , Krampus even likes it ! - Timbo
 Using ATH-M50 headphones there is no quality loss , the box says 25 feet but tbh I have n't measured it yet . . For $ 3 , it 's the best bang for my buck . Ca n't be more happier with a $ 3 cable .
 The length works great with no loss of clarity . A valuable purchase since i can now move around and/or move my computer around too .
 I ordered this extension cord for my grandma so she could hear her TV via headphones in bed . This was the best deal I could find ! Shipping and all was UNBELIEVABLY low priced , and there are no sound problems , or any other problems so far ! It also arrived almost 1 week before it was due to come ! Absolutely hassle-free experience ! : -RRB-
 Good quality cabling and adapters . Would buy again or recommend to others . Been using for a few months now and no complaints .
 I received this product and it seems to be very good quality and was received earlier than expected . It was a great price for the quality of the product .
 My husband is using the 3.5 mm Stereo Headphone Extension to watch TV , with my seven year old Sony Bravia , while I listen to my audiobooks on my iPod . We have a very quiet home . He is happy with the sound .
 The extension works great!I use it for extending my headphones to reach the tv and I 've had no problems with it so far.Great Product !
 very little drop in quality , for me actually my headphones were a little murky/not enough treble , this extension actually added treble , and since my headphones have amazing bass , it has made them sound perfect ! ca n't beat the price , less than 10 bucks to my door , and like I said , they sound great . I remember when headphones used to have longer cords , but that was years ago . I 've been meaning to get these for years , glad I finally got them now ! I have my music on my comp , plus I make music , so now I can stand up and use my synth , and playing guitar/bass wo n't be as awkward either . When did headphone cords get so short ? if you need an extension , these are great , heavy duty , great sound and best of all CHEAP
 I got the extension for my father to use with the tv . He is hard of hearing and keeps the volume on the tv up too loud for my mother 's comfort in the rest of the house . The extension cord allows him use head phones with the tv and sit at a comfortable distance while watching it . Its really been super helpful for both of them .
 The extension is not as heavy duty as I thought it was going to be but worked just fine and does the job . It might be that I ordered 15 ' and got 25 ' instead . Over all good purchase
 i bought for my dad so he does n't have to sit 3 feet away from the TV while my mom is sleeping . Now he can sit on the bed and lay down with another 5 ft to spare . .
 No loss in audio quality and I 'm no longer tied to the computer . This cord is so long I can get up and go get my coffee without disconnecting .
 almost a year of use , and it still works great , this runs from our tv , to my treadmill , I exercise 6 days a week , and this is a fantastic extension .
 I 'm one of those guys who likes to stay up and watch TV at night . This allows me to wear headphones and not disturb my wife when she 's trying to go to sleep .
 This product is very good , It full fills my need for lengthening the wire . Over all this is excellent , I can recommend to buy this , you will be satisfied
 Not completely perfect , but reliable , and frankly , it extends the reach of my headphones . This is all I need it to do .
 I use this to listen to ear buds at work but the computers are hidden under the desk so this allows me to have access to the jack . i can move around my cubicle with ease with these .
 This cable is fine , it was a little too short for what I needed -LRB- oops ! -RRB- . I had a buzzing noise come through the cable , but I am not sure if that can be attributed to the cable itself as my other speakers had them.If I could buy this again I would buy a long VGA cable WITH the speaker cable , not separately .
 I am am a musician so I use these with earbuds coming off my computer within my headphones which is powered from my Marshall Amplifier . They transfer the sound well and are very well made .
 This works like a dream and has a fine price . You do n't need to spend more for quality cables .
 I listen to book at work and I was limited to where I could reach on my desk . Now I can reach any portion of my desk and not have to worry about taking the earphones off . I love the freedom .
 This is just what I needed . It works fine . My line on my device just was not long enough , so I got this one .
 I bought this for ym brother . I was tired of hearing him blast his music at three in the morning , and he was tired of my complaints.With this , we 're both happy . His headphones can finally reach his stereo , and my ear drums are speared the agony of his `` music '' .
 I had a hard time finding a cord long enough for my needs and you had it ! Thanks !!!!!!!
 Works fine , seems to be as well made as you are going to get in a cheap consumer electronics accessory . Ordered on Friday , arrived on Monday - ca n't beat that for service .
 As I said in the title
 I 've noticed very little degrading of the sound , if at all , and this is rare in most extensions . The cord is thicker than usual for both the positive and negative polarities - a separate wire for each - and I 'm quite pleased with this , will perhaps get another because of its thickness . I now have great headphone sound within a twenty-foot range - just what I was looking for . Even if you do n't need 15-feet of cord , I would recommend this over the shorter 10 foot cords where the wiring is about half as thick and not likely to hold up over time ... I subject all my electronics to heavy use . Plus , the best extensions for Grado headphones go for $ 40 , and I 'm quite satisfied saving over $ 30 by having this one .
 Had this for almost two years because my computer jack is too far away to reach . Now I have found multiple uses for it . I can walk on my treadmill in my basement without having to turn up the volume on my tv . I just hook this up to the receiver and to my headphones , and I 'm all set . I can even listen/watch media on my laptop with this extender while on the treadmill too . For the price , it 's an excellent bargain .
 I live in a Senior apartment complex that has a strict curfew on noise . No one is allowed to play their TV 's or stereo 's after 9 pm . So I knew I had to resort to headphone listening . My recliner is a good distance away from my TV and my headphones did not extend far enough . I bought this and now I relax in my recliner and listen to my TV as loud as I want and as late as I want :-RRB- It works great !
 I purchased this wire to extend my Rode Video Mic longer so I did n't have to attach it right on top of my DSLR.It has been working great for these years . The sound does n't sound degraded at all and the wires are thicker than you would think for the price.I have also use it as a AUX for my car and it has been great . Does n't crackle at all as some AUX cable do . What 's great is that the plugs heads are thin enough to fit into protective cases to reach the headphone jack of ipods and what not . Some AUX cables have thick heads which makes this hard
 I am allowed to listen to music with headphones when I 'm at work , but my computer is on the floor and it 's too far for my headphones to reach , so I bought this extension cord and it has saved my life . I 'm happily listening to music as I type this !!
 I like to fall asleep to books on CD however my player was to far away for my head phones to reach . This extension was exactly what I need . Easy to use , just plug it into the device and plug in your ear buds or head phones . Simple.Very please .
 This extension cord is of excellent quality . I purchased two . Only issue is the description states 15ft but this cord is actually 25ft . I contacted the manufacturer and they stated that they do not have a 15ft cord . So what , love this cord , the extra 10ft will come in handy when I least expect it -LRB- I 'm sure -RRB- . There is no loss of quality sound involved with this extension cord . I use it with my Sony MDR V300 headphones -LRB- those puppies rock ! -RRB- with my computer and HDTV.To minimize the pulling in and out of my headphone jack to my MacBook Pro , I have a 3.5 mm duo adapter attached -LRB- got that from another extension cord set from Amazon -RRB- . I keep the computer speakers and the headphones plugged in at the same time when I listen to speakers and when I want only headphones I just pull the speakers out of the adapter -LRB- also have an adapter for the HDTV for the same reason -RRB- . THAT my friends saves wear and tear on those delicate headphone jack sockets .
 This extension works great for us ! 15ft . Is the perfect length for watching tv in bed . It works great and shows no signs of wear . I would definately recommend these to anyone !
 Sound quality is good for such an inexpensive item and long enough to let me move freely around in my office . Meets my needs
 This was a great product , just what I needed and just as pictured . I use these to sit on a couch and watch video on my computer and they work great .
 This headphone extension works great . I bought it for use at work , and it 's wonderful not to be tethered to my desk . I may now move freely around my cubicle without constantly having to take off my headphones . It may be my imagination , but I swear the sound quality has improved too .
 Wanted to mount my computer speakers behind me on the wall and needed a nice extension cable to get the job done , this one did it .
 No problems so far , after a month of use . Only con to me is that the wire is a little thin . It looks like it can break easily . My chair rolls over it sometimes . Other than that its fine .
 Very nice product shipped quickly . These worked extremely well for my needs . I would recommend them to anyone who need them .
 I needed this extra cord length to be able to listen to music while at work . It does the job and gives me plenty of room to move around . Now I do n't feel tied to my computer !
 Nothing really to say . Works fine . No crackle . Fairly sturdy and hold up against weather . Great for DJ equipment or in the house .
 Just what I needed , was skeptical at first , did not think that it would work , but it worked . Great Product
 what can one say about what is essentially a 15 ' length of wire ? Well , it works perfectly and it is very attractively priced . Amazon , as usual , is great to deal with -LRB- on time and as advertised -RRB- .
 What can you say about cables , either they work or they dont ` t . This cable funtioned as expected and the quality was good . A good deal at the price .
 Works as described , no distortion issues . I use this in my workout room so I can watch TV and wear headphones while I run .
 It 's good price and works as expect . After a month of use it still going strong . The plug is sung . It keeps the headphone attached firmly .
 This fiber optic -LRB- cable -RRB- is paired with StarTech.com 10/100 Fiber to Ethernet Media Converter Multi Mode SC 2 km -LRB- MCM110SC2 -RRB- StarTech.com 10/100 Fiber to Ethernet Media Converter Multi Mode SC 2 km -LRB- MCM110SC2 -RRB- and has no loss of signal , once the bends in the run are expanded .
 Easy online purchase . Product as described . Shipping could have been faster , but was ok . overall - would do again .
 I was so happy when I received this item . It came the day before our big trip to Disney with our kids . I had lost our other charger and our camera was dead . I was afraid of buying anything like this online because you never know what you are going to get . A knock off ? Something made so horribly it 'll work twice and then die ? But none of that happened here ! Perfect charger ! No problems ! Quick shipping ! Great seller !
 I ordered this charger for my Canon PowerShot SD 880 IS . Fortunately , I ALWAYS go to Amazon when looking for anything . I found an ORIGINAL Canon battery charger for a lot less -LRB- half off ! -RRB- than the Canon site 's price & with Amazon Prime shipping & it 's guarantee . I was able to order two for the price of one charger . They both came in authentic Canon boxes & sealed new . I have two Canon batteries for my camera , so I immediately popped them into charge . They went into the charger perfectly and charged within two hrs . I 'm SO glad that Amazon had these chargers on their site . They 're authentic & backed by Amazon 's guarantee .
 I received the product in two days -LRB- via Prime -RRB- . The charger was as advertised , and works well . I had purchased a cheap version and it broke down after a couple charges , on top of scraping my battery . So , imo this product is well worth the extra dollars over a cheaper brand .
 I was going to buy a new one from the manufacturer until I found this one . The price was much better and apears to be new and works as well as the original .
 Not much to say . We lost the original charger that came with the camera and ordered this one . It is identical to the one we lost and works exactly as it should . No complaints whatsoever .
 I ordered this when I in fact need a different mode . they responded to me quickly and exchanged me the correct model . Excellent cus service .
 Canon CB-2LX Battery Charger for Canon NB-5L Li-Ion Batteries . It is a nice battery charger , it was packed and sent on time and it does what it say 's . i charged the battery at least 4 times and it seems to do a good job . Overall i would recommend this product .
 After looking everywhere for a new charger I found this one . It works great and the price was n't bad either .
 Its light weight . It has indicator lights that tell charging state of battery . red-charging , green-charged . Plug blades fold into unit for storage .
 I do not use after market rechargable batteries in my canon camera . Also I use a canon brand recharger . They are fast and also reliable . I take them when I bring my camera on any overnight trip .
 Bought this exact replacement for the camera battery that I lost . I also bought another version that was 1/4 the price just out of curiosity . While this one works great and I would recommend it . I would recommend the other one more because of the cost and it comes with car charger . Either way , cant go wrong
 Thank you for great prompt service for the Canon camera charger.I misplaced mine a month ago and was in desperate need of a new one > Thank you so much !
 My battery was dying and lo and behold along comes a charger and fills my cell with life which gave to borth to alot of memories ... luv my charger .
 This original charger replaced a lost one . The generic chargers were bulky and expensive . This charger adequately charged my CB-2LX battery , is small and convenient and was priced resonably.I 'm satisfied .
 This product came at a very timely fashion and was a lifesaver . It was excatly the charger that I was looking for and I was so happy to have found it at such a reasonable price .
 I was impressed with with how quickly this arrived and the quality of this battery . It was not an after-market battery and the price was right !
 Great that you can have spare power to boot . It charges the battery very quick and it can be tucked into any pocket when done .
 when you leave the charger behind in a hotel room , it 's great to know you can buy a replacement at a reasonable price .
 i had one that came with the camera , but i lost it . the only thing i dont like is the orientation of the plug itself . i wish it was perpendicular to the unit and not parallel.otherwise , no complaints .
 I have an older camera , so that 's why I got this . The charger is simple and it did n't cost me much , and it does its job well .
 This is the perfect replacement to your lost charger . Not much to say about it . I like that it does n't have a long wire . The electric prongs slide in and out of the back . Good compact and portable .
 on a trip with the family to orlando i forgot my charger in the hotel ... and for the next trip i could not find it , , i even drove to radio shack that night to try to find one and nothing they said that the only one was not in stock and it would be like 70 bucks , i got the tip to search it amazon , , great product original for my camera and awesome price , , , and i even got an extra battery al for under 10 buckss
 I could n't find my original and I could n't charge my camera , I was begining to panic because the holidays were coming . The order came fast and saved my holiday photo 's .
 I somehow lost my batterie charger and was afraid I was not gon na get the same one . This is the exact same one that comes with the camera , and the shipping was fast too .
 Ordered this for my significant other and it was a great gift . We used it already and recommend it to others .
 does exactly what its supposed to do . Charges the battery in a timely fashion . Does a great job at it .
 I unfortunately , left my original charger in a hotel room . I am glad I found this on-line . It is same as the original charger that came with my camera . Thank you for carrying this product .
 This charger seems to be the same charger that came with my Canon Powershot S100 . I needed an additional charger to charge my extra batteries and this fit the bill . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This was a replacement for our original recharger and it was a wonderful price . We are happy with it so far after a charge or two . We just bought some super cheap replacement batteries and will see how they fare . Was happy to bring the camera back to life with these purchases !
 I am very satisfied with my Canon cameras . My bride wanted to use an older version of a camera that I was n't using , but the charger had been misplaced . I have taken a similar charger to Spain and plugged it into the local mains with no issues -LRB- using an adaptor -RRB- . It is small , fits in small places in my baggage and does the job with no hassles . In my little belt carrying case , I have two backup batteries for taking a lot of videos -LRB- too much according to my bride -RRB- but later we enjoy looking at the scenery as we walked along in Valencia , Madrid , Segovia , Avila and Toledo . The charger recharges a battery in about an hour -- ready to go the next day !
 My original charger lost a battle with salt water , which turned it into a discharger . The replacement is exactly the same as the original , except the replacement works ! My favorite pocket camera is back in business .
 Very happy that it is a Canon product and it is exactly the same thing that came with my camera . Great price !
 The Cannon battery charger works exactly as it should . The Cannon camera battery charges quickly and indicator light works well .
 This charger works fine just like the one that originally came with my camera ! Just needed to replace the original because I lost it !
 I like this battery charger better than the one that came with camera . It folds up much easier and takes less space in my camera back .
 I purchased a replacement charger for my cannon camera which is about 6 years old . I was so glad that Amazon had it available . Now I can use my camera again and charge the battery ! Good as new !
 I bought this to replace the original charger that came with the camera , which had recently broken , -LRB- one of the contact pins somehow snapped off -RRB- , following 4 years of regular use . After looking at other chargers which claimed to be compatible with my camera , I decided to stay safe , & go for the same type I had before , & on Amazon was at a much better price than on the Canon site , -LRB- where it was out-of-stock , anyway -RRB- . The charger is exactly the same as the original , & works perfectly , with my Canon battery , as well as with a back-up battery of another brand I have . I would recommend this to anyone needing a new , or an extra charger for their Canon PowerShot .
 If you lost your charger that came with the camera , this is exactly the same one . I looked for cheaper versions at Best Buy and other stores , but those chargers were all so much larger in size . This Cannon charger is so compact that it is easy to keep with the camera , and it seems to charge faster than the cheaper brands as well .
 I did n't want to risk a generic charger and got the Canon brand at the lowest price at Amazon .
 This is a well made battery charger and very easy to use . No long cord with a plug . It plugs right into the electric socket . Handy to carry with you . I am happy with the Canon SD700IS digital camera and not surprised that any accessories would also merit a 5 star rating .
 Bought this cause I lost the charger that came with my camera . It 's exactly the same as the one that came with my camera
 Got this to replace the missing one from my daughters camera . It works perfectly ! We really shopped around but found that Amazon had the best price on the real Canon charger . There were many others that , when examined closely , were not actually Canon brand . We were not willing to take the risk of an off brand just to save a few $ $ . Would recommend to others .
 Losing an essential accessory happens to the best of us . I lost this charger for my SD790IS . I had a charger that was very similar from the powershot 450 . The battery fit but the pins did n't line up . New camera designs require new batteries . Thankfully , sellers on Amazon exist to reduce the high prices of these needed accessories .
 Love that there is NO CORD -- so much easier to store and travel with .
 Excellent product . Same high quality charger that came with my camera -LRB- I lost the original -RRB-
 It plugs into the wall , it charges the battery . What more can I say ? My recommendation is keep track of the one that came with the camera so you do n't have to spend the money on a second one .
 This item was in working condition and served its purpose , but since I paid for a new item , I was surprised to find out it most likely was n't . First off , the `` sealed bag '' the item was in within the box was slit open from the bottom -LRB- although the top could have been opened by removing a sticker -RRB- . Also , the charger itself had slight scratch marks from obvious use , though you could argue it was from `` rigorous '' testing on Canon 's end.All in all , the product is what it claims to be , I 'm just not so sure about the newness of it .
 I had bought a generic charger trying to save money but it was a waste of time and money . If your going to buy a charger for your battery I recommend this one since it charged my battery super quick and it easily fits in my purse .
 Left my original charger in Orlando and needed another one . This is exactly like the one that came with the camera . I am pleased !
 excellent more than what I expected , camera name brand , brand new condition , works better than original you ca not lose with this product . BTB CA >
 Excellent quality ! Finding a brand name replacement part is difficult . Most stores carry generic replacements . Generic brands were priced at $ 60 + in stores . Canon would have charged much more . Available on Amazon for under $ 20 ! I was so very pleased to find this on Amazon at such a great price . Thank you Amazon ! - Jane
 The product works perfectly and I am extremely pleased with it . I can tell no difference between this charger and the original charger that came with my camera . Shipping was fast and professional .
 Purchased charger to replace lost unit . Works as expected.Price was much better than getting one from Best Buy.I would buy again if this one gets misplaced like the original one .
 Purchased this item to have a second charger on hand for my new camera . Identical to the OEM at a very good price .
 I lost my original charger and bought this to replace it and it works just like the original . Very happy about this purchase !
 1st off I found what I was looking for right away . Item was priced just right , shipped in a very timely manner and was exactly what I needed . The charger itself worked perfectly . I received a brand new charger wrapped in plastic inside a printed box . It plugs right into the wall socket without the need for a cord , it 's compact enough to fit into a little carrying case with phone chargers and charges the battery quickly . I thought I was going to have to throw the camera away when the original charger was damaged . Amazon.com ... . You people ROCK !!! Ca n't thank you enough !! : -RRB-
 The product arrived earlier than the arrival date , in new condition and was the same charger that came in the box when I purchased my Canon PowerShot SD 870 IS years ago .
 Very convenient charger . Got it just in time before my trip to Asia and it charged my camera in no time . Small and easy to pack in a small camera bag . Highly recommended
 Although I only had this charger for a week , it seems to be a good bargain . I must have left my old charger somewhere and got this one as a replacement . It charged up the battery fine . I managed to take a bundle of pictures with the newly charged up battery . It 's pretty compact and seems to fit in the camera bag .
 Bought this charger for my Canon SD 800IS . Works perfectly and was the best price I saw , considering it was a Canon charger .
 I lost my camera battery charger . I was leaving for vacation in 3 days . I placed my order and it made it to me on time .
 My toddler walked off with my original , I was worried I 'd spend a small fortune to find a replacement since my camera is 2 years old . Very happy with the price and such , still have n't found the original , she 's got a great hiding spot .
 I lost my original charger and needed a replacement . Works as expected . Charges the battery quickly and the battery holds a charge for a good amount of time .
 Thought I lost the original , ordered another and of course I found the original now I have an extra .
 It works exactly as it is supposed to work . What more is there to say .
 works really well , i prefer this to a cable.cables are easier to misplacehave been using this with my canon powershot for three years nowboth cam and charger still work greatcanon is the best
 I ordered 2 of these battery chargers since we will be using our little camera for a long time . No plans to upgrade . I received both promptly and tested both of them-they work fine . Very happy with my purchase .
 We lost our original charger and so were looking for an inexpensive replacement . We found and ordered one of the non-Canon versions advertized on Amazon for ~ $ 4 which arrived promptly and was totally useless , failing to recharge the battery at all . We ended up ordering this original Canon version which worked properly as expected . If you need a replacement battery charger , do n't waste your time ordering the cheap non-Canon versions available on Amazon .
 We received the brand new , as expected , battery charger right away . It works perfectly ! I was glad to get the brand name that matched the camera , not an off-brand .
 Pros-Works wellCons-NoneBought this when I lost my original charger . Works well at charging batteries , if you 've lost your original charger , and want to still use your camera , you should buy one.Would recommend friends to buy one .
 This is a great product . I thought that I had lost the orignal -LRB- left in a hotel room -RRB- so I needed a replacement . It is the best ! Found my other charger and now I have two . Great ! I use the other one for the office . Great product from Cannon .
 The battery charger is exactly the same as the one that came with the camera . So it is what I wanted . I 'm happy
 Once I ordered , I received the product within 5 days . It works perfectly . I would buy from here again!Thank you very much for your great service !!!
 This was exactly like the original that was ` lost ' . Works well and arrived in great condition and also ahead of schedule . Very pleased with the product as well as the service .
 I bought this charger for my parents on Amazon when they misplaced the original one that came with the Canon camera I had given them . It arrived quickly , it works well , and Amazon 's price was very competitive . Plus , it enabled my parents to use their camera on a recent trip to San Francisco .
 Although it does not look entirely a Canon OEM , the package box does show Canon 's brand name . So I guess it may be a `` knock-off '' product . But it does work well and the entire transaction and delivery were pretty smooth . No complaint about the seller .
 This is exactly the same charger that came with my camera . I lost mine.Ordered this one . Then found mine and returned it . I ordered a siliconeskin for my camera from Amazon . My camera broke before I got the protectiveskin . I think I am not meant to take pictures .
 The summary
 After ordering an off market charger that did n't work I 'm glad to get the same charger that comes originally with the Canon s100 . Works great and was delivered on time .
 works like a charm . i had misplaced my original charger and this is a MUST to use the camera.great price and shipped in plenty of time .
 Lost my battery charger so I ordered this . It 's the same as the original so perfect in every way ! Glad to purchase a real Canon replacement .
 Just like the one that came with the camera , works perfectly and fit the battery it says it will . Awesome .
 We purchased this to use when travelling . Have had no probelms . Exactly the same as the original which came with our camera
 It works just as well as the one I lost . Completely satisfied ! Fast shipping . It comes with a cord though , my original plugged right into the wall .
 I bought this as a gift for someone who had lost the charger that came with their Canon camera , which had a dead battery after a vacation trip , so that none of the vacation pictures could be downloaded . This product immediately solved that problem . It works flawlessly , and is nice and compact.There are much less expensive generic chargers that you can buy , but they tend to break unless you handle them very carefully because they are so cheaply made . When I gave this as a gift , I decided that the extra expense was worth it to make sure that the person to whom I gave it would not have any hassles with the charger for as long as they owned their camera.So you have to decide if the extra expense of this charger versus the cost of a cheap generic charger is a worthwhile `` insurance premium '' to protect you against having a broken charger down the road . Like anything else , if you want to take the risk you can save yourself some money up front , though you do n't get the same assurance that the cheap generic charger will last as long as you will need it .
 Very happy with Canon this battery charger . Amazon 's price was 25 % less than local camera store MSRP price for identical item .
 I have used this product in the past with great success . I ordered more because I had misplaced my original one .
 My granddaughter needed a battery charger for her camera before the Christmas Season began . She gave me the information on her camera so that I could order the proper charger . I ordered the Canon CB-2LX ChargerCanon CB-2LX Battery Charger for SD700 IS , SD800 IS , SD850IS , SD900 , SD950IS & SD870IS Digital Cameraand she received it in time for her Christmas photos.It works fine and she was pleased with the quick response to our order .
 Product very good , I am of Venezuela the exelente product thanks -LRB- Producto muy buenos , soy de venezuela el producto exelente gracias -RRB-
 I love my Canon digital camera . One of the best feature is the battery charger . I can pop this in and it will be fully charged within 15 minutes . Easy to take with on vacations too since the charger is n't bulky and can plug in to any wall outlet without long cords to worry about .
 I lost the charger that came with my Canon digital camera so I purchased this one . It works just the same , but the unit is a little smaller . Very convenient for travel and seems to do a great job charging battery . Definitely recommend this product .
 Plain old charger that comes with the sd870is that I forgot the charger for when I went home for Christmas . Works just fine.The only thing that I can complain about is Amazon 's shipping ; I ordered it with 2-day shipping and since I ordered it the tracking said that it would arrive Dec. 22nd . Well , the 22nd came and went , then when I checked the tracking it said that it was on time and would arrive the 23rd . Wait , if it was on time then it would have arrived the 22nd ... ? OK ... Thanks Amazon , so much for 2-day shipping ...
 This was a replacement charger for the one I thought I had left behind at a hotel . Same charger as the original . Arrived in a timely manner from MZ Photo and looks in new condition . Very satisfied .
 The charger is exactly like the original charger that i received with my canon camera , and therefore worked perfectly and easily . everything is great about it besides the fact it takes a bit to charge , but it works as you need it to .
 I 've had a Canon Powershot SD800IS camera for several years . Recently I managed to lose the charger somewhere . I considered just buying a new camera , since mine was getting old , but anything similar in quality to what I had was too expensive for me right now . I saw this replacement charger and ordered it . It arrived within a few days , and in original Canon packaging . It is the `` cordless '' model as pictured , exactly like the original one I had lost . It works well . Buying a replacement charger saved me a lot of money - much cheaper than a new camera !
 I had one of these for several years that worked great . Somebody took it from me and I had to buy this replacement .
 I lost the battery charger that came with my Canon camera this Christmas . Looked for a while for a replacement and found this one . Looks exactly like the original one and works just as good .
 I am THRILLED with my Canon Battery charger . I had been trying to buy one for 6 months as I left mine behind at a hotel when I was traveling . The first one I ordered back in September was advertised as a Canon and after I paid , the merchant called me and said the Canons were on back order and would n't be in for 4-5 months but they could send me a generic for the same price ... blah , blah , blah . I said no and was given the third degree as to why I would refuse a perfectly good generic . So , I tried another seller with almost an identical response . I then decided after 3 attempts to try a generic ... big mistake ! The package arrived , written all over that it was for Canon . I opened it up and imprinted on the back was SONY . The charging posts were on the opposite sides of my Canon battery . I returned it and was told it would take 10 weeks for a refund . Ten weeks later ... you guessed it ... no refund . Spent hours on the phone trying to get my money back and finally , a manager said I was n't due a refund because I OPENED the package and they do n't accept returns on opened electronics ! This was a major company ... not a rinky dink fly by night joint . Well , eventually , after many calls and letters and threats to post nasties on the internet , my money was refunded . Then I found this one offered and I jumped at it . I LOVE it . It works wonderfully and yes , it is an official , honest to goodness CANON . Ca n't thank this seller enough !
 This product is exactly what I ordered . The same charger that originally came with my camera . I am very pleased . -LRB- and happy that I am able to bring my camera back to life ! -RRB-
 Charger was an original OEM , but not the excact one pictured . it came with an axternal power cord . it was still a good deal , not worth fighting over .
 This product is just what I needed , I have no complaints and recomend it to anyone interested .
 Somewhere out there on this Earth , there are three other equally well-made chargers I 've misplaced . Until I stop losing these illusive chargers , I will continue to buy them to feed my photographic addiction .
 What can you say about a charger ? It charges . Charge time is just the same as the stock one that I lost . No overcharge on batteries . Build quality is OEM perfect .
 I am very happy with my Cannon charger I had purchased from Amazon . I am just happy it is the original charger ca n't complain .
 The charger it is the original charger for the camera and it is working fine it came with the bag sealed so yes I 'll buy more from this vender
 Love the charger ! It is small and easy to transport and store . It works great . This charger is easy to use !
 My new battery charger works perfectly ! I was so glad to find it for such a reasonable price ! It is nice to have my camera back ! Thanks Amazon !
 Great for the money and my camera charges real quick . I found the camera that I bought this battery charger for and although I am sorry for the person that lost the camera -LRB- I put ads to find the owner in the local paper : -RRB- I love everything Canon now , and this battery charger is no exception : -RRB- Great Product !!!
 So in the process of moving , I packed my camera battery charger for my Canon PowerShot SX230 without realizing I had a lot of photo things to do before the move . I had been thinking of getting a spare charger for a while but the 50 buck price had me balking.Saw this and jumped on it for the price . It is the actual Canon charger and has worked perfect with both my Canon battery as well as some third party batteries i bought off Amazon a few months back -LRB- also a great deal ! -RRB- I love this style of charger because it can fold in and be stashed in my camera bag rather than packing cords , although it does n't play nice with loose outlets because of the weight . I have used it 6 times now since buying it and am super pleased!BTW , This is the third party battery I picked up , works just as good as the Canon!STK 's Canon NB-5L NB5L Battery - 1400 mAH for Canon Powershot SX210 IS , SX230 HS , SX210IS , s100 , SX230HS , SX200 IS , SD790 IS , SD850 IS , SD870 IS , SX200IS , SD800 IS , SD880 IS , SD970 IS , SD900 , SD790IS , SD700 IS , SD950 IS , SD870IS , SD890 IS , SD880IS , SD99 ...
 I love its small fits perfectly in my picture camara battery it works perfect I can defenelly recomend it if you are looking for a battry charger for the same type
 Bought this as a replacement for a charger I lost . Exactly like the one that shipped with my camera . Works perfectly at a great price .
 I got exactly what i asked for , works as expected , and was delivered on time as promised .
 I own a Canon 880IS and I love my camera . It was a disaster when I couldnt find my battery charger after both two of my batteries were dead and I still needed the take more pictures . I ordered the charger from amazon right away and I am very happy that they sent it asap . You 've got a happy custumer here , thanks .
 I was impressed by the serviceI received . I got it much faster then I anticipated and I 'm very happy with the product .
 I needed a charger within 3 days of my niece 's wedding because I misplaced my original one . I ordered a charger through Amazon and paid the expedite shipping charges and received the charger within the 3 days as promised . I was very pleased !
 Guys and Gals , I 've bought this batter charger for my SD800 camera more than once from Amazon in the past year . I keep losing it and that 's my bad.However , I did buy a `` Non-Canon '' part and it turned out to be crap . Fried my battery.My warning to you all
 I had to buy a replacement for a camera battery . This works just fine but I do wonder why they charge such a high price for this little charger . Guess they know the camera is useless without it ?
 If you happen to misplace the factory charger , this is the exact replacement you need for the cameras listed . There were no flaws in the product , and it came in safe packaging.The only problem is cost , but I would n't use an aftermarket charger so I was prepared to pay for the real thing . If you lose your Canon battery charger , go ahead and order this .
 I run 12 of these strips in my data center . They are reliable and the new online interface is very nice.Pros : - very reliable , never had one fail - online interface is nice and easy to useCons : - the price is quite high-the software that comes with the unit is Windows only
 I had no issues running this cable through a drop ceiling and connecting it in to my devices . The connectors seem solid and had no issues during connection .
 The harness holds the Altec Lansing securely so it is easy to move from place to place without having to be concerned about damaging the unit .
 This harness is a great add-on to the IM7 . It makes it easy for transporting and has a handy pouch for cords and such .
 This product is a great way to carry my Altec Lansing radio . Before I just continued to switch it back and forth from one hand to the next but now I can carry it to the pool , the beach , the park or in my home with no hassle .
 I was really surprised to find that this was really made of leather and actualy works . The pouch is a good idea for the remote and wall plug accessories . As there isnt really any good handle for the IM7 , I am very happy to have purchased the harness .
 Makes the speakers portable , without this harness the speakers are difficult to handle.Altec Lansing IM7 Speaker Shoulder Harness
 Great sound in all ranges.The only reason I 'm not giving it 5 stars is b/c my iphone does n't fit in it very well.It would be nice if the manufacturer could provide an after-sale attachment for new ipods and new iphones .
 i love this harness as it makes it so easy to cary the IM7 around . just understand that with this harness , most of the speaker and the controls on top are not protected . the purpose of this harness is to make the IM7 transportable , no to completely protect it as the bag does .
 Real Simple , it 's a great design , easy to put together and snap in place . Seems like real good quality leather . Shoulder harness has good padding . But it 's not meant to be a protective case , it is what it says it is and a carrying harness . Buttons are easy to get to , easy to pick up and go .
 Yes , the harness does fit very tightly and is difficult to install the first time or two.The fact that it fits tightly ensures that the harness does what it was intended to do
 I 'm a music/movement teacher and needed something to help me lug my Altec IM7 back and forth with that would be convenient.After reading reviews from others online I decided this harness seemed like a good bet , and I was right.It holds my IM7 snugly and makes it easy for me to carry it around without my needing to take it in and out of a bag in order to use it.Strap feels just fine , quality seems great , and I 'm very happy with it overall .
 If you buy the IM7 and plan on making it portable ... this is the acessory to buy . . end of discussion ...
 Very well designed and comfortable ! I used this harness to walk 3/4 mile for a Fourth of July parade . While it was slightly heavy I had no problem carrying the speaker . The harness fits the speaker really well and I had no fear about it coming apart . The little bag that comes attached to the harness is very handy too for holding accessories .
 I purchased the IM7 harness and absolutely love it . It is solid and unobstructive for controls and speakers . For fun I even swung the unit , with IM7 in place , around in circles about 8 times at high speed to test its ability to stay secure ... . NO PROBLEM !!! Hope you all enjoy yours too.Altec Lansing IM7 Speaker Shoulder Harness
 Besides being so happy with the IM7 Speaker Boombox that I got for my daughter -LRB- the sound is terrific , it rocks -RRB- , the shoulder harness is great . You put it on the IM7 and just leave it on . It makes the IM7 much more portable . I love the IM7 ! And the harness . What a team !
 Althoug this is a quality product , I expected a little more protection for outdoor use . Still the harness makes it more comfortable to transport it than the handle the IM7 has .
 I just wanted everyone to know that the price for the World Adapter kit is misleading . Amazon lists it at $ 59.99 , but Apple lists it at $ 39.00 . Even on sale for $ 39.88 , you do not save the $ 20.11 that Amazon claims . -LRB- These prices are as of 20 Oct 2005 , but I paid $ 39.00 for my kit two years ago at an Apple Store . -RRB- If you ca n't make it an Apple store , Apple often runs free shipping deals . Also , they offer 10-15 % discounts for schools -LRB- read
 having a set of plugs that fit perfectly and as designed is worth every penny . I travel with my iPod and PowerBook and really like having real plugs .
 If you travel across diferent countries with your MAC or Ipod you will need them.They are very usefull and they fit exactly in the same way as the original `` TIP '' of the power connector . The same color and shape ... . the same good quality of all Apple products.Just take out the original one and replace it with the desired one ... and you 're ready to go .
 I bought the plug package made by Apple for my Mac computer . It is very cleverly made to fit well on the current adaptor and an excellent travel accessory . I only wish that it were priced more reasonably in a package for each area of the world rather than a package for plugs used in many different countries , for a price to equal that package . As I am traveling only in Western continental Europe , I do not need several of the other plugs included , which seems an unecessary expense as well as being wasteful and makes for items I do n't need .
 Worked like a charm all over England . I have n't tried the other adaptors , but I found my MacBook to work just like it does here in the US , and there was no difficulty plugging into the outlets .
 since I am in Kuwait , I needed this kit and found it really helpful . its good thing to have all type of tools ready for your mac to go .
 I traveled to London for several weeks , and was concerned about charging my laptop from all the mixed reviews I read online . The adapter worked great , and I did n't need a power converter . Granted , it is more expensive than other adapters , but for me I loved the ease of not having to worry if anything would happen to my computer .
 Get it if you need it . If you travel you need this , what else do you plan to do . It 's effecient and unless you have another way of chaerging your i pod i definatly reccomand this . Actually there is nothing else you can buy , this is the only set of adapters for your i pod.WARNING = Be sure you have an i pod carger or these wo n't work !
 This fiber optic -LRB- cable -RRB- is paired with StarTech.com 10/100 Fiber to Ethernet Media Converter Multi Mode SC 2 km -LRB- MCM110SC2 -RRB- StarTech.com 10/100 Fiber to Ethernet Media Converter Multi Mode SC 2 km -LRB- MCM110SC2 -RRB- and has no loss of signal , once the bends in the run are expanded .
 I have an XPS GEN 2 Inspiron which is 15.5 '' long . I had an older version of this backpack that the XPS would just fit into snugly but , alas , the zipper teeth eventually broke off . I was concerned that this backpack might be too small and after first slipping the laptop in ... it did n't . But I discovered that theres a removable cushion liner at the bottom of the laptop slot -LRB- attached with Velcro -RRB- , removing that gave me an extra half an inch and voila , the laptop fits -LRB- albeit snugly again -RRB- . The laptop is n't completely unprotected at the bottom , there 's a hard plastic shell there as well and the snug fit keeps the laptop from sliding around . 15.5 '' is max though ... those with a larger laptop -LRB- say the newer 16 '' wide Dell XPS latops -RRB- will probably want to seek another backpack .
 Ok , first there 's a design flaw . Annoyingly , the computer pouch bottom does n't stop at the padding which sits against your back . There 's about an inch deep hole where your notebook can slip down beyond the padding and poke you in the back until you want to pull your hair out . I solved this problem by stuffing a flour sack towel into the crevice and now it 's fine.Positives
 It 's really a perfect bag for students . My friends and I bought 3 of it . You can carry your notebook with you because the bag has a cushion in the bottom of the bag , and you may also carry as many books as you wan . Great choice !
 I absolutely loved this case ! I purchased it awhile ago and it fits my ipod 2nd generation perfectly . I love the baby blue color ; it 's much brighter and prettier than the pictures make it out to be . It 's easy to slide your ipod in , and the case keeps it secure , but it 's still easy to get the ipod out of the case . Great price too , if you purchase the baby blue one ! -LRB- The price varies based on what color you choose . -RRB- This is a great case I and recommend it for all !
 I got this case because I got tired of `` undressing '' my ipod every time I needed to charge it or sync it . The case fits tight and has openings for all of the necessary plug ins . The leather is nice . I also like that it is open where the controls are . It has a small carabiner to attach it to a belt loop . The ipod actually hangs upside down to prevent it from sliding out of the case accidently .
 I rent a lot of dvd 's from netflix and my last dvd player always stopped and skipped - even if we cleaned the dvds . This player has read through every dvd - sans skips ! Yeah ! Other things are great about this player too . The picture is heads above my last several players and it remembers the last place you were on a dvd -LRB- even if you take the dvd out -RRB- . This is a great player ! I would buy another one if I needed a second !
 I have this 1 week now , so nothing about durability here . It looks elegant , picture is good . Got a dificulty with a selfmade homemovie DVD the player did not recognize as a DVD but as a DVD-ROM and was not playable ... well , those discs have some scratches ... I had a cheap LG and a cheap JWin player , but their laser wore out quickly . I hope the harman has a more duarble better quality laser ... I will see.CON
 I 'm not an audio/video elitist . I was having problems with DVD players that were only a couple years old and cost 3 or 4 times as much as this one
 I was just looking for a player under $ 150.00 as a replacement . What a pleasant surprise it has turned out to be.Great reproduction of both sound and video . Its not HD , but puts out the best non-HD picture I have seen . The sound quality is awesome , HK has a great product-line . I cant wait to see what they do with SuperHD or Bluray . Now if HK could only figure out how to make a great remote ?
 A great performer , does all you want or need . User-friendly , bullet-proof dependable .
 This player is typical HK ... quality . Great picture and function , size and style . Only con would be no HDMI output , but the composite output still works well
 I 've had my DVD 22 for 2 years and my DVD 27 for a year now . Both have amazing pictures and I 've never had an unusual problem with either . It seems to me that the cranks dismissing these players do n't have much experience with quirky DVD technology . Most stand-alone home players have any number of `` goofs '' with various movies , unlike DVD devices in computers . Maybe that 's where the misunderstanding lies ; these people never have trouble with their computers so they think the same goes for their home players . Not so . They should experiment with burning movies at different rates or with different software , since that 's likely the source of the problem . These players read without freezing better than any DVD players I 've worked with , though there is the rare problem of sticking in a loop and needing to be unplugged . Every player seems to have its particular quirk ; this is the HK 's quirk , no biggie . The picture quality , reliability in general , and audio DACs are worth forsaking the standard $ 50 - $ 60 import .
 I absolutely loved this case ! I purchased it awhile ago and it fits my ipod 2nd generation perfectly . I love the baby blue color ; it 's much brighter and prettier than the pictures make it out to be . It 's easy to slide your ipod in , and the case keeps it secure , but it 's still easy to get the ipod out of the case . Great price too , if you purchase the baby blue one ! -LRB- The price varies based on what color you choose . -RRB- This is a great case I and recommend it for all !
 I got this case because I got tired of `` undressing '' my ipod every time I needed to charge it or sync it . The case fits tight and has openings for all of the necessary plug ins . The leather is nice . I also like that it is open where the controls are . It has a small carabiner to attach it to a belt loop . The ipod actually hangs upside down to prevent it from sliding out of the case accidently .
 Gomadic brand product does the job and seems well made . The Gomadic web site which provided customer service was top notch . I either misplaced or did n't receive the exchangeable tip for the AC charger . When I let them know they were more than helpful and I had a new tip in my hands almost instantly . A singular experience for me and I buy online often .
 This charged my iriver when I still had it . It did a good job of charging it when I needed it .
 I bought it as a gift for my hubby , who got the iRiver Clix2 last year . The speed of shipping was great , got it sooner that I expected , esp . for Christmas time . The product itself , I am going to say is excellent because hubby said it 's `` pretty good '' , which means excellent in his world . However when he first opened the gift he was n't too impressed , cuz he thought he already had one . After I set him straight on that fact he was very happy to get it .
 I am very pleased with the quality and ease of use of this charger . Well worth the price !
 Used it and loved it . Transferred all my VHS tapes to DVDs using this device . Great product .
 I had few problems installing these units on two different PC 's . The CAPWIZ is somewhat flakey -LRB- V2 .0 -RRB- at timesand requires exiting and reentering the CAPWIZ program.I found this utility to work the best with the unit inplace ofthe Video Studio . Unit does a fine job in the capture process andcreates a presentable MPEG1 -LRB- SVCD , MPEG1 , MPEG2 -RRB- . . I Found VCD resolution encoding to be less than ideal ,
 Quite a contrast from other reviews , but honestly , this box works wonderfully ! I 've been using it for the last six months transferring all my old VHS tapes to DVD video and burning them to disc with my DVD-R . Reccomendations I can give to other owners or those considering purchasing it
 I am extremely happy with this product . It is extremely easy to use and comes with all the software you need to capture , edit , and burn your videos to DVD . This external device captures and compresses your videos to MPEG-2 -LRB- DVD-quality -RRB- so it takes up less disk space on your computer because the video already comes in compressed . And , it does not drop any frames . You can then edit and save your videos with no loss of quality whatsoever . Well worth it considering its low price !
 I bought this product about a year ago and it has worked great for me ! Installation was easy , no problems . It captures great video in Windows 98 and Windows Me . However , in Windows XP , I was not able to capture video at 5 mb/s , only at 3 mb/s and 4 mb/s . I was able to convert my entire analog video collection with outstanding quality to DVD with this product . The only thing that annoyed me is that it captures video at 704 x 480 instead of 720 x 480 , requiring a conversion of some type before it is able to be burned on to a DVD .
 Good quality . Lower din , I actually misunderstood that and ended up taking this one out and purchasing the upper din .
 I use the headset with a Cisco 7960 - works great . I strongly recommend this product - excellent range and battery life.Too bad it 's not possible to pickup/hangup without connecting a headset lifter -LRB- lame -RRB- .
 I have the Plantronics BlueTooth for my cell phone , so when I was looking for a headset for my desk phone I knew that style and size worked for me . The fact that there are different sized ear buds is the key , since everyone 's ear is shaped differently . My only complain about this headset is the fact that even though I have made the adjustments stated in the book , sometimes I get an echoing sound -LRB- only on my end -RRB- when I am talking . This does not always happen .
 For the money this is the best quality sound and options . You can have 5-10 people all in the same office using at the same time with no feedback or echoing .
 The product was good . . it came on time and the transaction went smooth ... The only problem is that the headset picks up too much background noise .
 I work from home and probably spend 5-6 hours a day on conference calls and doing presentations , and this device allows me to move freely around the house . The range is amazing - I 've gone to the mailbox at the bottom of the driveway without losing signal . The noise cancelling feature is really great too . It completely eliminates other sounds that are n't right next to the microphone -LRB- such as other phones ringing , crying babies and barking dogs -RRB- . I do n't know how I 'd survive without it .
 Our office bought 10 of them and all of them seem to work fine so far , except one , that stalls upon hookup , but seems fine now . Very good reception and clarity .
 the quality of this is very good . only problem is that i wish the battery would last longer . lasts about 4 hours
 Most people would likely buy the CS70 bundle because the handset lifter is almost a must if you have a wireless headset . I owned an earlier version of a Plantronics `` wireless '' headset -LRB- the kind that had the headset wired to another unit about the size of a pager that had all the electronics and had to be clipped to your belt or what-have-you -RRB- so I already owned the lifter . I had enough of the wired `` wireless '' version because it was hugely inconvenient for someone as clumsy as I am , with that wire always getting tangled in something.This unit is a dream . The design of the ear piece puts the bulk and weight behind the ear . After selecting from the variety of ear buds that come with it , the ear piece sits comfortably , securely and lightly on the ear . The sounds quality in and out -LRB- I am told -RRB- is excellent . There are a variety of volume adjustments , incoming and outgoing , that are easy to make as required . The main button on the unit lifts/drops the receiver . Two other buttons fine tune the incoming volume and activate the mute mode . Lights on the base let you know what mode you are in while a light on the ear piece lets others know you are on a call . Here 's my only small complaint
 I bought this and a RiteAV 25 ft. 3.5 mm Extension Cable at the same time . The RiteAV 25 ft. 3.5 mm Extension Cable dramatically compromised the sound quality into my B&W P5 headphones . This headphone extension cable , by contrast , did not cause any drastic deterioration in sound quality . Because of the solenoidal supercoiling , full extension to 25 ' is difficult , but if you are within say 15 ' to 20 ' of your amp , this should not be problematic .
 Needed a longer cord for my headphones and this was just right . Not too long or too short I can move around when I have my phones on as I have terrible and constant ringing in my ears , the phones dampen that down without having the volume at a high level.Good solid product .
 Ca n't say very much about this.Cord does n't tangle and there is no noticeable loss in sound quality compared to plugging phones directly in to stereo .
 Does what it is supposed to do . It 's a simple extenstion cord . Well made and works fine . I would love to see these cords available in color choices , but they are always black only .
 Worked somewhat as expected . It stretches , but not 25 feet . It was more like 15 at best . It might go 20 if you really pull on it , though it would pull out of whatever it was plugged into . I reduced one star for that reason , otherwise it was a good item .
 I bought this for a recent trip to the Caribbean where I 'd obviously be in the water a lot and it worked perfectly ! Some of my favourite pictures are ones I took while my camera was in this case . The price is a bit more than I wanted to pay but relative to how much I bought my camera for a few years back , it was fair pricing . The only thing I regret is buying those disposable underwater `` cameras '' on a previous trip instead of this case !
 I decided to look into a waterproof case for my camera after seeing some of the pics a friend of mine had taken underwater with her digital camera.After reading reviews and weighing the options -LRB- price -RRB- , this turned into a product I had to have for our Jamaican Honeymoon.I tested the case before leaving on vacation in our bathtub at home . I put a tissue inside , greased the seal and locked up the case . I held it completely submerged underwater for at least an hour . When I opened up the case , there was absolutely ZERO water on the tissue . At that time , I was convinced this case was worth the money.Each day of our honeymoon , I used the camera case . I felt safe using my camera at the beach without the threat of sand . There was no need to worry about spilled drinks or the swim up pool bar . We went snorkeling and every picture turned out FABULOUS ! Everyone on the boat was so curious about my camera - because the case makes it look like an oversized kid 's camera . All of the buttons are functioning and you have complete use of the camera while it 's inside.I seriously debated the additional weights for the case to balance out the buoyancy of the camera underwater . I opted against the weights for fear of dropping the camera and having it sink to the bottom of the ocean . I can see the advantage if you 're SCUBA diving , however we were just snorkeling and the case without the weights worked wonderfully.Definitely consider this product if you have the Canon SD630 . If you do n't , consider a waterproof case for your model ... or just buy the SD630 .
 This has worked great in Ocean and freshwater for me for both snorkeling and scuba diving -LRB- to 30 feet -RRB- . As the camera itself has an underwater setting , the photos came out bright , and clearly reflecting the actual experience.The instructions were concise , and easy to follow . Keeping everything watertight is as simple as making sure all the mechanisms are locked.Great product !
 This case is great . My wife bought it for her camera and we took it on a diving trip . Worked awesome !
 The waterproof housing worked great for my family trip to Hawaii . It was extremely easy to use & it did n't affect picture quality at all .
 Purchased this product because we were going on a carribean cruise . This case was worth every penny . The pictures came out fabulous . The colors were amazing like you were right there . You can use all of the camera 's functions which is great . The case is super easy to use and would recommend it to anybody .
 Bought this waterproof case for our honeymoon to the South Pacific . We were able to capture hundreds of lasting underwater memories of sharks and stings rays and a variety of fish and coral . Took great pictures . No complaints whatsoever . A must have for your Canon SD630-style camera . I will be using this case at the beach and any other water-related activities in the coming years . Nice job Canon !
 I ordered the Canon WP-DC3 case for my Canon SD630 and used it on a recent trip to Auba and Curacao . I snorkeled at both islands . The case was easy to use and performed flawlessly . The case and camera combination preserves full functionality and in-water adjustments for the camera as well as taking excellent photos and video . The SD630 is particularly nice for this as it has a 3 '' screen . Based on my experience I would buy a Canon Underwater case for any Canon camera I bought .
 This is the best accessory that you could buy for your camera . We used ours in Tahiti on our honeymoon . We used it underwater while swimming with sharks and sting rays . The camera still takes great pictures . All of the functions are accessible and can be changed underwater . We used the waterproof case on a jeep tour up into the mountains and it helped to keep all the dust away from the camera , while still taking flawless pictures . I highly recommend this case for anything from canoe trips , trips to the beach , dusty National Parks , or anything where you are worried that your camera may get damaged.The only downside is that it is a little high priced , but we felt it was worth the investment .
 Kind of bulky , but it serves it purpose . I took under water and it works great
 I love this product and recommend it to everyone . The case worked amazingly . No leaks , no problems , no worries . I would not leave home with out it . My husband and I used it snorkeling in Hawaii . The images captured we not different whether in the case or out of the case . A reccomendation for anyone who wants to take their camera on a boat or around water .
 A bit expensive , but impressive
 It works great . I getgood , clear pictures . My kids love taking it underwater and taking pictures .
 I 've probably taken in excess of 8000 dive photos with my canon sd630s using this housing . I love it because it 's easy to use fits in my BC pocket.although I 'm failthfull about rinsing the camera housing at the end of each day and I always check and grease the o-ring at the beginning of the day before heading out to dive . and still I have had them flood ocassionally and then the camera is done for :-LRB- . I 'm never sure why it fails when it does . I consider the housing quite rugged but the metal pins tend to corrode over time I live in a salty environment and even the d-sal water has a fairly high salt content .
 I bit the bullet and purchased the case which is half of what I paid for the camera . The results are AMAZING . This camera takes great underwater photos . Everything I had hoped for and more !
 I am very happy with this product . It keep the camera completely dry and still allows full functionality of all the buttons !!
 great water housing . but where is the lens cap ? i spent $ 200 on this housing at a store and i am so paranoid about scratching the lens its rediculous .
 This waterproof case is worth the price for awesome pictures I got down in the Bahamas . The clarity was amazing and my camera worked to perfection . What else can I say except , but it !!
 I 've used a couple of times and no water inside yet . :-RRB- The high price justifies losing 1 star . Besides the price , I recommend .
 Have n't got to use it yet . Looks & feels great ! I 'm sure it will do what it 's supposed to . Great price for it !
 Totally love this accessory . For me it is a must . Bought it online , save about 1/3 of price . . Always a plus ... Accessory works flawless . Used on vacation in the pool at water park . . Obvious not a inexpensive accessory , but if you can afford it , definitely a fun one !!!
 I purchased this at the same time I bought my SD630 - they work great together - you can read my review on the Camera as well - the case works perfectly with the camera and it does in fact keep it dry as a bone inside - the case also alows for sound to be recorded -LRB- when shooting movies -RRB- underwater - you can see some of the photos I shot with this here
 I love my Canon SD630 . Before going on a recent trip diving with family in the Caymans I was considering buying an underwater camera setup . They were big and bulky and not very versatile . Oh and expensive . I didnt want to fiddle with a new camera with new buttons and features at 100 ft depth on my dives . I 'm not good with learning curves . . I sprung for the case . It was awesomely fitted to fully use all features of the camera and the SD has an underwater setting that i discovered when using the manual ! We used the case it everyday of our vacation and managed to take absolutely awesome water featured pics . Whether it was splasing in the waves with my kids or diving to 120 ft it was safely encasing my camera and enabling me to just snap and shoot great great pics . Even my kids had fun taking water pics . It also made a sandy beach a worry free camera experience for a change and it works perfectly great as a surface camera while in the case even if you arent in the water . People who see the water pics assume i have some fancy underwater SLR or something . The case was easy to figure out , and as long as we remembered to fresh water rinse the sand off , and open up and dry out the seal at the end of the day , it was all ready for more the next day . I can not more strongly recommend !!!
 My wife and I went on a cruise to the Western Carribean . I was worried about our new camera getting wet while on the boat out snorkleing , climing the falls in Jamaca and while at the beach . This case was incredable . We took some amaizing underwater pictures and video and we never worried about it getting wet . We can now use the camera whenever we want and do not have to worry about it getting damaged . I would recomend this case to anyone who may be considering it .
 We bought this underwater casing for our trip to the Galapagos Islands . It was great to be able to take pictures underwater . This casing protects the camera while still allowing you to use all the functions . I would strongly recommend it to anyone that is interested in underwater photography . You can even use this casing at the pool or the beach . I took some great photos of my niece and nephew at the pool .
 I recently purchased this case and tested it at depths up to 100 feet in Bonaire . It was easy to open and close and there was no possiblity of having it only partially closed . The controls operated ALL the cameras functions , there was no leakage or fogging . This case absolutely works as advertised .
 I bought this for my cannon camera and it was one of the best investment I have ever done . I used it for scuba diving , I used it for skii in the snow , I used it in the beach , for camping . It was an excellent and helpful tool . Sadly it was stolen from my backpack with my camara inside , and I havent bought a new one since then .
 I really like this housing , it 's light , easy to use , easy to clean . Takes great underwater pictures from simply snorkeling to deep -LRB- 30m -RRB- diving .
 Bought for my Canon elph for a trip to Mexico in 2007 . Have only used it for that trip so far but case was leakproof and durable during snokeling . I was shocked at the quality of the pics , more than I expected . I even trapped part of the carrying cord into the case itself , which they warn could cause leaking , and still no water leaked in .
 Bought this product right off this page from Amazon , and used it in Hawaii to do an introductory scuba diving lesson -LRB- in the ocean -RRB- . It worked wonderfully ! I have great pictures and videos from the trip , and in the end , you save a lot of money since you do n't have to buy the $ 50 DVD the tour guides charge for pictures and videos .
 This graphics card is one of the most advanced graphics cards around . The things that really take this graphics card far above the competition are :1 -RRB- Includes a programmable RF remote control , not an IR remote like most other brands have . This means you can control your PC from another room anywhere in the house ! I use it to control the playing of my MP3 music collection . It even works with WinAmp -LRB- if you download the WinAmp plug-in from ATI -RRB- and can work for any program -LRB- make sure you get the latest drivers from ATI -RRB- . You can even use the remote as a mouse ! The programmable buttons can be programmed to do almost anything from launching a program to shutting the system down . And the new plug-in architecture -LRB- download the updates for this -RRB- is great . ATI even has an SDK for developing custom plug-ins available on-line ! However , there are two drawbacks to the remote . One is that you can not control anything other than the PC because its an RF remote , not an IR remote , so you ca n't use it to control your TV for example . The other is that there is no light feature to see the buttons at night . But this is still by far the BEST REMOTE I 've seen for the PC .2 -RRB- Built in hardware DVD quality MPEG2 playback -LRB- using an on board MPEG2 decompressor -RRB- . This is the equivalent to having a dedicated MPEG2 decoder card for DVD playback , but its built in . The quality is excellent .3 -RRB- The included TV and digital VCR allow you to watch TV shows , and record them in DVD quality . You can even pause live TV shows , and continue watching the program from right where you paused it , in real time ! There is even a TV guide that is updated in real-time . With two clicks of the mouse you can program the digital VCR to record any program listed in the TV guide ! No need for a real VCR anymore , no need to enter times , dates , or anything , just point and click the mouse and program recording will be scheduled automatically for you ! This is a powerful feature that will impress most users . The quality of the digital VCR is DVD quality -LRB- unless the stuff you 're recording is not good quality -RRB- , and its easier to program than a real VCR ! And if you do n't need DVD quality you can specify many other formats and even custom ones .4 -RRB- Includes many different types of video and audio connectors . DV and analog video inputs allow you to record from either digital or analog video devices to DVD quality MPEG2 in real time using the 8500DV . So if you have a VHS video tape you 'd like to preserve on DVD , its a snap . VHS tapes degrade with time , DVD lasts far longer than VHS and the quality is higher , so what are you waiting for ? Put those important tapes on DVD before its too late ! 5 -RRB- Many video and audio formats are supported by this product , including DVD -LRB- MPEG2 -RRB- , VCD -LRB- MPEG1 -RRB- , AVI , MP3 , WAV , etc. 6 -RRB- Supports the use of two separate monitors . Each monitor can be configured separately.Overall , this card is a bit pricey but its worth it . Now , I have not used this card to play games much , because I have a PS2 for that , but the card 's 3D performance is pretty impressive . If you only need a card for games , this is n't the card for you , because while it can do games well , you 'll be wasting your money if you do n't use the built in TV , MPEG decoder , digital VCR , DV , analog video connectivity , and remote control . But then again , if you buy this card only for games , I 'll bet you 'll end up using the other features quite often enough that you 'll really appreciate the purchase .
 There are a _ lot _ of issues with this card , its software , and its documentation . However , it was still worth buying , at least for me.Tech support calls are toll calls to Canada , but most of the tech people are quite friendly and helpful . However , they do acknowledge certain bugs and limitations in the product . Other problems I found they had n't heard of.Among the issues I encountered
 October 2004 Update : I 've had the card two years now , and there are starting to be a few games that want more than 64MB of memory . This week the fan on the board started making noise and I am looking for a replacement fan . I do n't think I 'm quite ready yet to trade this in , as long as I can fix the fan.Original review 10/2002 : I uprgraded to this in order to play No One Lives Forever 2 because my old RivaTNT was n't supported . The reviews recommended either GeForce4 Ti or the ATI 8500 . A comparison of models and prices led me to the All-in-Wonder 8500DV . I liked the idea of the TV tuner , as I had one years ago , but it did n't survive the upgrade to Win98 -LRB- but that 's another story -RRB- . The original install on my Win2K machine went almost as smooth as expected . It would n't let me run the driver install before installing the card , and then when I did install the card , it popped up a dozen or so `` found new hardware '' dialogs . It finally stopped that , and I was able to run the installer . Everything seemed to be OK , but I went directly to the ATI website and got the latest drivers . 5 out of the 6 download options were newer than the ones on the CD , so I tried doing the updates . BIG MISTAKE . The upgrade instructions were confusing -LRB- ok , so I did n't look at them too closely , I DO N'T NEED TO READ INSTRUCTIONS ! -RRB- about when to reboot and when to say no to the prompts . I went ahead and let it reboot at the wrong time , and I got a dozen or so `` found new hardware '' messages , this time no amount of pointing at the CD , the downloaded files , the windows directory , etc would recognize these devices as having ANY valid drivers . Bummer . Re-install from the CD . Redo the updates without rebooting at the wrong times . Bingo ! Everything works except two drivers . I had to go to control panel and `` update driver '' manually . This time it found the correct driver in the Windows directory . Finally it worked . -LRB- Now , back to playing NOLF2 . It was happy with the video card , but the intro video was choppy . The game plays pretty smooth , not great , but good . Reading through the tech support stuff , I find I need more system RAM to fix that . We 'll see if that helps . -RRB- As for the features of the 8500DV , the TV tuner is great . I really like the pause TV , especially with a second window open of the live video , it works better than picture-in-picture . The RF remote control works fine , but the mouse movement seems sluggish and I ca n't find a speed setting for it . I intend to route some cables from the computer to the living room TV and see how good that looks . Svideo length limit is supposed to be 35 ' , I think it should reach .
 Here 's the deal on this graphics card . This is a good card for everything you get with it -- lots of cool software -LRB- including Digital Video editing software and HalfLife , a popular game -RRB- . You also get TV out and a TV tuner built in , plus connectors for just about every digital and analog format ever invented . It even comes with a USB RF remote control ! ... you can c ontrol your computer from anywhere in your house.Now , the bad stuff ... the software and drivers are clumsy . They work great in Windows XP , but I experienced some problems installing and using them in Windows 2000 . You 're really getting three different cards in one ... a graphics card , a TV tuner card , and a digital video editing card . For that aspect , it 's good , but with only 64MB of onboard DDR RAM -LRB- not upgradeable -RRB- , you might find that your system becomes a little sluggish when using the TV feature and software , editing video and playing a game at the same time . It 's like they 've tried to put too much into one product . This is good , if you can figure everything out , but bad if you do n't really need all the extras . It really shoud come with 128 MB of RAM to support all of the extra stuff on it . Overall
 Excellent card , full of features . This card has the best quality DVD playback I 've ever seen . 3D Performance is on par with Nvidia 's current offerings , but more than adequate for games currently on the market -LRB- especially with the newest CATALYST drivers from ATi -RRB- . Also excellent for video capture . The analog video capture rivals much more expensive professional products . I have n't encountered any issues , instability or incompatibility that ATi has n't had a fix for . No complaints .
 I got this card about a month ago . I did n't have any problems with installation . Works great ! I get about the same 3D - gaming framerates as my old Gainward Geforce 2 Ti 500 XP card , but the video quality is infinitely better . Plus you get a really cool remote control ! ;--RRB- If you are going to be working with video capture at all on your PC do n't even bother getting an Nvidia card with video capture , ATI has hardware video decompression and processing . It 's very worth it !
 This card really amaze me , for the first time I have created special effects home video , signs on video and so on it will take me a while to know all the features txanx to AIW card.I must admit it is very simple to use , the manual book explains everything there slowly step buy step.At Amazon they have the same card but with more memory too , up to 128Mb , you choose which ever you can afford . Although 128MB is better deal.Card works great , there was only one problem one game did not wanted to play , was due to drivers issue , so I downloaded the newest drivers from ATI web site and the problem gone . Game worked fine.The only recommendation for users is to make sure they have the newest drivers from ATI website , to get maximum power out this card.ATI Rodeon 8500 is my new friend now .
 While I 'm generally pleased with the performance of this card , there is a serious flaw with the clock synchronization . Using the analog output , this creates only a small problem
 i LOVE this video card ; i had some problems wiht installing the drivers , but then 99 % of the time you HAVE to get new drivers online anyway ; everything is easy to use and picture quality is great . Although geforce4 ti is probably better for gaming , this radeon ran quite well when i used it for neverwinter nights ; it was ok for CS , but i love what multimedia activities i could do ! only disappointment is i couldnt rip copyrighted vhs and dvds.hehe but that 's another story . This card isnt perfect , but it beats all other tv cards hands down . I tried the pinnacle pctv before this and that sorry excuse for a peice of electronic equipment did n't even work , my computer said `` device could n't start . '' The free software is easy to use and includes an bundle of accessories , and a free CS ! I definately recommend spending a little more $ $ on this card rather than getting cheaper tv tuner ; for those who want their sanity still after trying to install non ati tv tuners .
 Considering the price of this card , its hard to be disappointed . I installed it into my freshly built system using a full version of Windows XP . As I write this , I am watching an old episode of Star Trek TNG on a small screen on top of AOL . The capture feature works great and the the additional goodies ... from cables to a nice remote controller are exceptional . I never use the enclosed driver disk with new hardware , and the 8500DV was no exception . There is not any reason not to download the newest drivers for the initial install ... I have found it reduces many hassles . Speaking of hassles , I have had none with this card . Windows XP is such an improvement for handling complex components like the 8500DV , I would recommend it over hassling over a maxed out Win 98 system . This card costs about the same as a prime 3D gaming card . It provides dramatic capabilities . ATI has really done a great job with this card . For the price ... it can not be beat .
 This is truly amazing video card with TV tuner and radio . I was reading about rodeon 8500 it won more than 40 awards for best pc video card . Even the newest NVIDIA does n't have same technology as Rodeon 8500 . This is highly advance video card , no other card like it so far were not invented . Its pretty expensive but its well worth the money , I can watch movies live from cable I can even freezes live channels this blows me away , games work fantastic the frames are incredible , it look like this card will be in my pc for long long time .
 I was surprised to read a lot of the bad reviews -LRB- after I bought the card -RRB- ! I had absolutely NO problems installing this card on a W2K box w / SP4 . I 've converted almost all of my -LRB- deathly-boring-home -RRB- VHS tapes to DV , edited them , and burned DVD 's with only a few `` reboots '' and those were mostly Explorer related -LRB- right-clicking on 3 + Gb files too quickly w / preview on can make Windows a bit unhappy ! -RRB- . The TV also worked great with no problems . The drivers that came packed with the card worked fine , but I quickly upgraded them anyway -LRB- out of habit -RRB- from the ATI site . I 'm not sure why my install went so smooth compared to others - my machine is a dual-850Mhz HP Kayak w / 512Mb RDRAM and it 's usually pretty picky about what I install .
 As the other reviews noted , there are problems with installing this card , even though I got it working successfully in the end . Although it is n't my top pick for a graphics card , I have enjoyed being able to hook it up to my VCR and print my digital videos to VHS -LRB- yes , this is possible , although it is a bit tricky to setup . -RRB- I withhold one star on this card for having lack of customer support and being hard to setup . If the user manual would have been more comprehensive , and if the ATI website would have had more help on the subject of installing this card , the whole nasty ordeal of card setup -LRB- that almost all night -RRB- might have been spared .
 this is 1 tough strap I put one on a case that weights 120 lbs and it doesnt even flinch !
 I have a Canon PowerShot S330 digital camera and before I bought a Simple tech smart media reader it took for ever forever -LRB- at least it seem like that -RRB- to get my pics transferred to my pc . I highly recommend this particular Smart Media combo reader from Simple tech and you ca n't beat the price . What more can you ask for in a reader.Buy ! Buy ! Buy !
 You plug it in and follow the SIMPLE directions . What more need be said . A monkey could handle this one . Go to the Simpletech web site , follow the links on the site to get to the support pages for the FlashLink product and based on your device 's Part number -LRB- found on the base of the unit -RRB- , download the latest FlashLink.exe installation program . Install this before plugging the device for the first time and reboot.Much Love ,
 I could n't imagine why I 've been dealing with those big Zip100/250 Disks or having several 1.44 MB Floppies , how about CDR/W which takes forever to write and could get scratched up . After checking out SimpleTech 's CompactFlash SmartMedia Combo Reader , I 've been able to just put the CompactFlash Card or SmartMedia cards in my pocket without fear of losing any data , scratching up the surface or corrupting any of the files . I basically use it for downloading stuff on the 1GB CompactFlash Card that I also own , which is equal to multiples of ZIP100 or ZIP250 .
 I installed a 4-port USB port in the front of my computer and this is the perfect accesory to have for a digital camera . Instead of having to fiddle with any cables from the camera , I simply take the memory card from the camera and insert it into the reader , Presto ! It could n't be any simpler than that !! Anyone who has a digital camera should have one of these !
 I had two computers , windows 2000 and windows XP . Windows XP recognized the device immediately , but windows 2000 took me 3 hours to download SP3 to upgrade my system -LRB- follow the instruction on the manual -RRB- . It works on windows 2000 , too.The best thing about this product is that it is also a writer . You can use it as an USB drive with your CF/SM card in . I use it to transfer large files between my two computers , instead of a floppy or USB pen drive -LRB- which I planned to buy , but not any more -RRB- . BTW , its speed is USB 1.1 , not USB 2.0 . Though it is fast enough , it is better if it is USB2 .0 .
 Primarily I bought this item 'cause I needed to transfer the pictures from my digital Olympus D-340R camera to my notebook . My notebook does n't have a serial port , which is the one used to transfer the pictures , and I needed a fast , reliable , easy to use and non-battery device . And I found this excellent device , although you 'll think that its plastic package is to delicate.I recommend you to buy this excellent device , but be aware that if you are going to use it on a Windows 98 based PC , you should download the drivers for Windows 98 ... It 's an ideal plug and play device for Windows XP !!
 This product is great . I was up and running in minutes.I bought it because my Digital Camera refused to communicate with my pc . I just followed the included instructions and within minutes all of my pictures were downloaded .
 This CompactFlash SmartMedia Combo Reader by SimpleTech is a handy tool to have . Instead of transfering files or photos slowly , this is a faster connection . I recommend it .
 Once you manage to properly install this device 's drivers on XP it works like a charm . If you will be using this device on Windows XP , do yourself a favor and forget about the included CD-Rom . Go to the SimpleTech web site , follow the links on the site to get to the support pages for the FlashLink product and based on your device 's Part number -LRB- found on the base of the unit -RRB- , download the latest FlashLink.exe installation program . Install this before plugging the device for the first time and reboot.After rebooting , plug in the reader and allow Windows XP to detect it and initiate the Driver installation routine . It will ask you whether you want to install the drivers automatically and after you click Next it will ask you whether you want to allow the installation of Unsigned drivers . Answer yes only if you have downloaded and installed the driver package from the web site , the drivers supplied on the CD-Rom do not work and cause XP to crash.If you have already installed the CD-Rom drivers and have problems , you must first uninstall them before installing the ones from the Web Site . Open the Windows XP Device Manager , plug in your device , you 'll see it appear under the USB Devices branch . Right click on the CompactFlash + SmartMedia reader device and click on Uninstall . Unplug the reader , uninstall the FlashLink software -LRB- if you installed it from the CD-Rom -RRB- and reboot . Then install the FlashLink software from their web site.After this hurdle , the device works like a champ . Once plugged , it will show two new drive letters in Windows Explorer , the first for the CompactFlash slot and the second for the SmartMedia slot . Data transfer is really fast , at about 4MB per second.I give it 4 starts because of the poor job of providing XP drivers in the supplied CD-Rom , despite the fact that the packaging clearly states that it supports XP .
 I have a digital camera and it used to take so long just to get my pictures transferred to my computer . Since I got the FlashLink reader , I just slip my compact flash card out of the digital camera , plug it into my reader , and download ... fast ! Very cool !
 This USB reader works great , but if you check the maufacturer 's Website , you 'll notice is Win XP compatible . It sure is , but not with the supplied CD -- it does n't even mention XP on the CD or anywhere in the supplied instructions . Make a quick visit to -LSB- website -RSB- , to download the XP drivers . Suggestions -- install the drivers FIRST , -LRB- you may get an XP error like I did stating it 's not compatible , but it does work -RRB- then plug the USB cable into the USB port on your PC and everything should work fine !
 I purchased this product because of its combination input . If you follow the instructions -LRB- which tell you to load the drivers BEFORE plugging in the unit -RRB- , it is extremely easy to install . I used the latest driver from SimpleTech 's web site - just did a site search on `` Flashlink UCS-200 driver '' and found the driver . Never even needed to load the CD included with the reader . Note that some of the links on their site lead to missing pages - just be persistent and keep trying other links in the list.I have a 450 MHz Pentium machine with Windows 98 -LRB- first edition -RRB- , and after loading the new driver , I plugged in the reader to the USB port and it recognized both drives -LRB- slots -RRB- immediately . Allows hot-swapping -LRB- no computer power-down/up required -RRB- of either the reader or the cards . Very convenient.It 's worth the extra bucks it costs to get two readers in one package .
 My digital camera takes smartmedia and my associate 's digital camera takes compactflash . We got sick of how long it takes to get images from our digital cameras to the computer for editing . Simpletech has the answer , this combo reader ! Fast transfers !! I also use CF cards as glorified floppy disks . You will need to get separate cards if you want to do this because your computer will format the CF cards differently than digital cameras .
 This is the 2nd flash card reader I have purchased . My operating system is Windows 98se , As you may have read in many areas the problems with USB compatibility . . I had a previous product that left me frustrated BIG TIME !! This is SO PAINLESS . You plug it in and follow the SIMPLE directions . I had this compact flash card reader set up and running with in minutes !!! I have used it for business daily and personal use also . IT IS A GODSEND . I have had ZERO PROBLEMS with this item . And a bonus is it will also read Smart Cards.I was surprised at the affordable price , ease of set up and in this day of HIGH TECH compatability issuse and patches I CAN SAY IT WORKS WELL AND WORTH THE LOW PRICE !!! Happy Pic taking.A Blond
 I have an older digital camera that takes a compactflash card , but the new one I want to get uses smartmedia . What to do ? No problem , I got the new camera and this Flashlink reader so I can use both cards and both cameras !
 This card is an EXCELLENT value for the price . Performance is on par with a GF2 GTS or ULTRA or with a GF4 MX440 . This ca n't dish out the power of a GF3 , but for nearly HALF the price , you ca n't complain . 2D quality is also very good , and all the features like DVI-I and Svideo out make this card an exceptionally good deal . I highly recommend it for old computers in need of an upgrade . However , for newer computers , I recommend getting either an Radeon8500 , or GF4ti . But for this price , the 7500 makes a perfect upgrade to for old computers
 Whatever you have read in the previous reviews is right . Installing this card is a bit tricky , but once you get it all right , it is defintely worth the effort and the money you put into this card . It took me 6 hours to get this card and the software working . I have included some very important points I noted while installing is card . Please take note of them so that you can install the card in a much shorter time . -LRB- BTW , I have a custom build PIII 800MHz PC with 320 MB memory , Win 2K and a good old AGP 2X/4X ATI Rage Mobility card previously installed . -RRB- 1 . First of all , NEVER forget to remove the previous display drivers !! Use the uninstall program that came bundled with the software for the previous display driver -LRB- EASIEST method -RRB- . In my case , I had no uninstall software to remove the previous display driver . So , I used regedit to clear the registry entries for that driver and used the safe mode to remove the DLL files corresponding to that driver -LRB- NOT recommended except for a last ditch effort -RRB- . Remove the previous card -LRB- hardware -RRB- and install this card ONLY AFTER thoroughly removing the display drivers of the previous card .2 . When you reboot the system -LRB- in NORMAL mode -RRB- after hardware installation , Windows will display a `` New Hardware Found '' message . Allow it to install the Windows standard VGA driver -LRB- it will only display the 640 x 480 mode -RRB- . Check the display properties to make sure it displays something like `` standard VGA '' or something related . -LRB- If it still shows the name of the previous display driver , go back and try removing the previous driver , until you get Windows to use the standard VGA driver -RRB- .3 . If you have the software for the motherboard drivers , re-install the one for the AGP . -LRB- one of the recommendations on the ATI website , in case you get a blank or garbled screen after you install the new drivers -RRB- .4 . In my case , the software that came on the CD never worked !! I ended up getting either a garbled screen , or the computer hangs at a blank screen . So , I went to the ATI website , downloaded the latest drivers , and viola !! everything worked perfect !! -LRB- Note
 I bought this card because the Vid card in by machine was really getting pushed around by `` MahJongg Master 3 '' . The DDR memory that the G4-MX 420 did n't have cinched the deal . Installation of the card & newest downloaded drivers was a snap . Over the course of 2 wks. , it 's been great . Yes , this is only a budget card , but a VERY GOOD budget card . `` M.M. 3 '' is now fully under control .
 I love this card . It is a great value and supported DirectX 8.0 very well . It is a good value at only $ . . compared to at least $ ... for a GeForce 4 . The DDR memory really makes a difference over the SD in the GeForce . I replaced a GeForce 2 32mb with this card and did not have any problems installing it . My Pentium 4 with 394mb RDRAM and this card run Operation Flashpoint and Battlefield 1942 really well . A +
 The card installed easily and has worked flawlessly . This card can easily handle any game you throw at it!The only problem with ATI as a company is they are slow on getting drivers out . So if you buy their newest card and it was n't designed for your operating system you will have a fustrating wait for several weeks , so it is better to go with a card that is about 3 steps down from the `` latest & greatest '' - plus it is alot cheaper too !
 I love this card ! I do n't know how hard or how easy this card is to install because I had Best Buy put it in . Everything runs fast and smouth . I have Windows XP and it works great . I had to download a driver from ATI cause the card was a little slow , but after I got the new driver everything worked GREAT . I loved the low price because I an on a limited budget .
 This card rocks . easy installation.I was shopping for a vid card purchased a gforce 420 I had all kinds of problems ie : dvd player didnt work after installation , online games was sluggish etc went back to store exchanged for ATI 75OO I have not had a problem yet with gaming or dvd playback
 ... yes very decent . Does n't do well in the current games tho , and DO N'T expect to be able to run future gamer 's with this graphics card . It performs quite well though , it layed it 's cards tougher than I expected . It beats out the NVIDIA GeForce 2 GTS , even the 64mb version . This is a worth it card for older games , but you can tweak out the setting 's in today 's 3-D games to have a good trade off between graphics and frame rates . But really ? Frame rates ? Who needs them ? I got a better frame rate in half-life than I did with the ATI Radeon 9700 Pro I tested ! This card is n't bad . It can just use more power and features . That 's all . Gaining nearly 20-27fps in unreal tournament 2003 with high details enabled and at a decently low to medium resolution . -LRB- such as 640x480 , 800x600 , 1024x768 -RRB- . Really , theyre is n't any urge to upgrade to a advanced 3-D accelerator graphics card with mighty power without having to spend a big buck on a budget , do everyhing card pratically , or top of the line high-end . Todays ' games only require a HW T & L enabled graphics card with multi texturing and single pass capabitliesi that 's somewhat directx8 .1 compatible . So what the radeon 7500 doens ' t feature programmalbe shaders , 3-D textures , and stuff like that , and does n't feature fast budget , or high-end acceleration graphics quality , as long as you can play today 's games at a playable frame rate with good visual quality and tweak out the settings , there 's nothing wrong with this graphics card !!
 It is east to use and install best ever really and really good price ...
 This is midcore gammer gard , it is very good card come with DDR memory and DirectX8 support.Games play even better than expected , good!The price is great , and I think it is worth every penny!No complains with stability or other problems .
 I did ' t buy this card for gaming purposes but to watch movies that I had on my computer . The quality was not that bad and setup was fairly easy . Just follow the directions and your set . This card comes with an s-video output so it doesnt look that bad when it goes on tv . The price is pretty good and it does its job . The only expensive thing was when i had to get long audio and s-video cables .
 I 'm not really sure what to rate this card for I am having trouble installing the drivers . From what I hear it is a great `` budget '' card and is worth the price . Installation was easy to a point ... Getting the card in was a snap but for some reason I had a great deal of trouble getting the drivers installed . After I finished installing them my computer would freeze , sometimes I 'd even get a confusing error sign . So my suggestion is , if you 've never seen the inside of a computer and have some cazy idea that its going to blow up if you touch it , then get a professional to do it ...
 Yes 7500 is really good card mid range class video card.Unlike MX series from Nivida that are using SDR memory , which is 2 times slower memory from DDR.Rodeon 7500 come with 64 MB DDR memory support directx8.I have played 8 games and did not let me down even once , does Catalist rings the bells ?? Yes indeed ATI is making better drivers from Nivida . Check out lates reiviews of ATI drivers ... If I had a choice I would buy this card again . -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Cheers -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I bought this based on Consumer Reports `` Best Buy '' recomendation despite what some people said in reviews on Amazon . I 'm not real sure why there were complaints about setting this thing up . If you have ever had to set a stereo receiver up , this one works just like every other receiver I 've ever setup , even easier actually . I had no problems with the manual and am very impressed with the sound and ease of use . I highly recomend this for the price .
 My friend own 's this unit and I beleive he is fairly happy with it . One major complaint about this reciever is though ... It does not proccess HDTV through the component video input . I feel that it is highly important for this problem to be discussed before the purches of your reciever . I own a Yamaha htr-5640 -LRB- about the same price -RRB- and it handles this task very well . Alse this Panasonic does not support DOlBY DIGITAL EX -LRB- Matrix 6.1 -RRB- . It does however have I believe two more digital inputs for sound . As of right now I have my HDTV cable , my dvd player and my xbox all running through my reciever and switch between them is a breeze .
 I have owned this receiver for almost 2 years and it is used Daily . I bought this receiver for one reason ... It had a tape monitor function . I could not find another HT receiver with this . My old speakers are very fussy and I really need a graphic EQ to adjust the sound to my liking . It was also rather reasonbly priced . In daily use , and occacionsal abuse , this receiver sounds good to my ears , and i like it 's looks . kind of a throw back to the 70s in some respects . It has plenty of inputs , and should serve you well . Some of the complaints are valid , the remote looks like a throwback to the 80s ... . and is a little flakey , but once you get used to the quirks it is not a big deal . You ca n't change from digital to analog with the remote , and you can not turn tape monitor on and off with the remote . People also complain about the surround speaker connectors , as they are guillotine connectors instead of 5 ways ... personally I like the guillotine connectors better . The manual could be better , but for $ 200 ... this is a great receiver . these are no longer made , but if you are looking to get one on ebay or something I hope you find my input usefull .
 I 'm very happy with this subwoofer . Velodyne 's servo controlled subs are incredible . If you 're fussy about the quality of your bass , then this is the way to go .
 Functions as well as the Sony Memory Sticks but at a fraction of the cost . With my Sony F707 , I capture ~ 50 + 5-megapixel pictures with this stick . I would highly recommend this item .
 The Sandisk Memory Stick Memory Card is a Japanese-made product that is comperable in performance to similar Memory Stick products . For those of you who are new to this kind of data storage technology , `` Memory Stick '' products allow fast , read-write capability similar in performance to a hard drive -- in a device that is the size of a stick of gum ! Not only with the Sandisk allow you to store photo images , but it can also serve to back-up , and transport files from one computer to another . Thanks to the Sandisk , my Sony Cybershot digital camera now serves me as a credible USB back-up drive for jpgs AND files of any kind . Memory Sticks will undoubtedly have an emormous impact on the computer and home electronics industry . Five minutes of working with the Sandisk , and you will realize that `` removable disc media '' and other magnetic/mechanical approaches to data-storage will soon be as obsolete as the dodo . 128 megs of removable RAM memory for under -LSB- $ $ -RSB- ? -- welcome to the 21st Century ! Give the Sandisk a try -- you 'll be amazed ! - LMS
 This product is the EXACT same as the Sony version , which retails for $ 25 more ... works just as well , for less money . Amazon has the best price around , too ! Ca n't beat that .
 Just for reference , on the casing is reported that it is n't compatible with following Sony products : DSR-PD100 , DSR-PD100A , DCR-TRV900 , DCR-TRV10 , DCR-PC3 , DCR-PC100 , MSAC-PC1 .
 I used this stick in a sony DSCP 5 and it never failed .
 Because of its attractive price , I bought the Sandisk stick for use in my Sony Cyber-shot DSC-F707 camera . It has been working as well as could be desired and is , in every way , equivalent to the Sony version.The power supply and connection cables for the DSC-F707 are absurdly stiff and clumsy , so I also bought a Lexar Memory Stick Reader , which both inexpensive and convenient to use . I mention this because the reader makes it easy to transer spreadsheet and word processor files , as well as pictures , both ways , between hard drives and the memory stick . Since the reader can be moved quickly from one computer to another , this capability makes transferring large files from one computer to another really easy.Wugo
 I was shopping for a 2 megapixel camera , and was about to write off the Sony Cybershot DSC-P31 because it uses higher-priced Memory Stick memory when compared to CF and SM . Then I searched Amazon.com and found this for even less than 128Mb CF cards -LRB- after instant and mail-in rebates -RRB- . Shipping from Amazon.com was extremely fast , as usual.The Sandisk card works on the P31 with no problems and supports all the camera 's extra features such as picture rotation and recorded shot details -LRB- aperture , shutter speed , etc. -RRB- . It also works with my Samsung digital camcorder 's still photo feature and Sony Cli&eacute; PEG-T615C PDA.Now I just need to buy a USB-Memory Stick reader/writer so I can save myself the trouble of dealing with USB cables to download pictures from the cameras .
 I recently purchased 3 of these cards for my Sony digital camera -LRB- DSC P30 -RRB- , and they work great . Access speed seems to be even faster than the Sony cards . I rarely purchase multiple quantities of something without first trying one , but I was in a hurry this time so took a chance . I came out fine.Comes with : -1 small soft plastic -LRB- or vinyl ? -RRB- disk storage case-3 disk labels-Instructions in multiple languagesSpecifications -LRB- included with packaging -RRB- : - Memory type
 How many pictures will it store ? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about . Well , considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The SanDisk 128MB Memory Stick , like most 128MB cards , will store on average 142 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera , 106 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera , 64 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera , 51 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera , and 40 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera . These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs .
 Works great . The only reason why I give 4 stars is the price - first , sho around - it varies a lot , second compactflashfor my Nikon camera is much cheaper .
 Works ! What more is it supposed to do ! : -RRB-
 Actually the it is the best of the best
 Very good memory priced right . Good product
 Great subsitute for sony memory stick . cost less , same quality
 I purchased it 2 or 3 months ago in Amazon . At that time , it was in promotion and I got very good deal of a brand new one around $ ... after Mail-in rebate . It works totally the same as SONY memory stick . Why not use ScanDisk if you could get a good deal ?
 I bought this for my Sony Clie PEG-S360 , and it interfaces well . I 've had no problems with it so far . Be careful , though , as Sony plans to change the Memory Stick standard and break compatibility in the future .
 I bought Sandisk 128mb memory stick from Amazon.com recently and paid ony -LSB- $ $ -RSB- ... It works just like Sony and I find no difference between the two . Sony memory stick sells in the market for $ 89 . I have Sony DSC-P31 digital Camera and had no problem at all using Sandisk memory stick .
 Media works fine with Sony Clie handhelds , and costs less than media from other manufacturers .
 Works well with Sony DSC P51 . . Great buy !!
 My choices for memory cards were Sandisk , Lexar , and Sony . First , I went with the Sandisk because of its lower price vs Sony . -LRB- why pay more for something when you do n't have to -RRB- In my opinion , they are equivalent and equal choices . The second reason I chose the Sandisk is because they are actually partnering in some memory device areas with Sony and they are the largest designer/producer of removable flash based digital media .
 I 've got three of these and they work just as well as Sony 's . I take pictures with my Sony on them but I use them instead of floppy disks . I put it in my reader at work , home , and at my mother 's , and download programs from the internet directly to them , transfers files to them and use them the same way as floppys are use . I have n't used the floppy on any of the computers for the past year . Small as a stick of gum , can be packed in a wallet . Best item invented !
 The memory stick worked perfectly in my old Camcorders -LRB- I bought 2 -RRB- and I 'm satisfied with the product . The Memory Stick worked the way it should .
 I bought this product for use in my Sony Clie handheld computer . I was looking for a cheaper alternative to the Sony brand memory stick , and I am glad to say that this product has worked flawlessly over the past year.I would buy a Sandisk product again .
 I purchased this product as a generic alternative to the more expensive Sony original . The two memory sticks are so similar that they may as well have been from the same manufacturer - I can detect absolutely no difference in performance between the two.The Sony memory stick format is useful but somewhat overpriced , so it is a real pleasure to find such a reasonable alternative . Strongly recommended
 This is my first experience with any ATI product , and I have an extremely satisfied experience with this product . Before I bought this card , I was worried that there would be compatibility issue since I saw some comments like that on the Web . However , my experience tells an opposite story . I had a Nvidia Geforce2 Ultra , but it constantly gave me problems such as unable to softly reboot the machine and had to hit reset button everytime . In the end , the Nvidia driver completely messed up Windows2000 and I had to reinstall the system . So , I got a Nvidia Geforce4 MX 440 , the same thing happened all over again . With this ATI All-in-Wonder card , however , everything works like a charm.I can use every feature of the card out of the box , just make sure you download and install the latest drivers from ATI Web site . The image quality of this card is noticebly better than my previous Nvidia cards , much better , I would say . It 's great to watch DVD with this card . 3D performance is acceptable . I mean , the framerate is good enough to play most 3D games , and with good visual effect.The most valuable feature , in my opinion , is its digital video capability . I can playback , capture and edit digital video with this card . It also serves as a TiVo device , with 10GB free hard disk space , I can save more than 3 hours TV shows.The coolest thing comes with the package is the Wireless remote . I can do whatever a regular mouse can do with this remote , i.e. , I can surf the Web , watch DVD etc with this remote . It 's very fun to play with.In summary , I highly recommend this card . If you are not a First-Person-Shooter addict , this is definitely the card to go . Very good value for the price .
 I got this card because the AIW 8500 won the tv capture round-up at AnandTech.com , and since the major difference is just in memory and GPU power , I opted for this card and save $ 100 . I 'm hoping to upgrade to the AIW 9700 if it comes out , but let me explain why I think this card is a must for the college dorm room.Setup was quick -LRB- they have a very comprehensive manual -RRB- . As for drivers , I always suggest going to the manufacturers site and getting the latest drivers.First of all , two really cool features about TV watching are 1 . -RRB- You can make the TV your wallpaper background . Completely unobtrusive , and you can simply minimize your windows if you wan na watch it .2 . -RRB- I 'm using Windows XP and there is a transparency option . It 's pretty neat since you can watch TV and surf the web without the TV window hogging any space . The transparency works very well , in my opinion , and everything is pretty clear.Talk about space saving.TV viewing is very fast . Quick surfers will find that channels change almost instantaneously -LRB- which is great for someone like me who likes to surf fast -RRB- . TV Capture is incredible . It gives you a whole slew of encoding options -LRB- both resolution and format -RRB- , but probably the best is MPEG2 , which encodes at 8 MB/s . If it 's DivX you want , capture it with Virtual Dub -LRB- although , I 've been getting a 2 % frame drop rate , so it 's probably best to grab it in mpeg2 first , then convert to DivX -RRB- . Compared to a lot of what I 've used before , for the price I 'm paying , I am quite amazed.The TV-Replay feature is neat , though I 'm still figuring it out . I got it to pause in the middle of Simpsons , and continue about 1/2 hour later . I enjoy the GemStar + feature , because with a mouse and keyboard , I can surf through channels even faster.As for the Display quality . I hooked it up to my Apex 24 '' TV through S-Video , kicked in my favorite DVD and it 's near perfect . Watching TV through my computer was the same as watching through TV . Dual monitoring with a TV can get kind of weird -LRB- prefer having two monitors -RRB- , but it works fine nonetheless.And gaming ? Well from the benchmarks I 've seen it 's just about a 10 % behind the GeForce4 MX440 . Not bad for being such a feature rich card .
 We have a ton of home videos that we want to share with our families , and copying the videos from tape to tape is a tedious chore . So I thought , why not capture our videos and save them to VCD -LRB- Video CD -RRB- , and later , maybe DVD ? Fortunately , this card 's digital VCR captures files to VCD format , so after capturing all I need to do is render the files to VCD using third-party software ! It even includes video editing software ! Now , burning copies of our home videos on VCD only takes about 5 minutes per disk instead of real time -LRB- two hours per tape ! -RRB- . Two reasons why it did not win 5 stars from me
 I bought this card on a whim as one of my Goldbox offers , but I am happy that I did . The graphics are great , the remote is very cool , and the included software is great , but one note if you are using win 98 first edition ... you have to install a patch in order to utilize the cable tv input feature . This drove me nuts because this information was hard to come by . I found the patch on a remote area of the ATI Technologies website ... just do a search on it and you can find it . Also , if you plan on recording live tv make sure you have a pretty fast computer , otherwise what you record will be choppy . Other than that I would recommend this card to anyone looking for a good video card with better than average features .
 this card can play all the 3d games you want play unreal tournment 2003 at high resolution and it was smooth . Also the remote is cool . But if you want to buy it it sells for less at newegg.com .
 I had this card for about 2 weeks and the video performance was great . It has good Linux support from the gatos project and works for out of the box installs of Red Hat 7.3 and SUSE 8.0 . Unfortunately , because of a bug in the i2c chipset the tv-input in the 7500 model does n't work reliably . I would recommend the ATI 8500DV instead -LRB- also available from Amazon for not that much more -RRB- .
 I bought this card because I wanted to watch and record TV shows on my computer , and because I wanted better graphics than my GeForce 2 MX 32MB could offer . I agonized over whether or not to purchase it because of the noticable number of reviews , on this site and others , that basically say , `` This card does n't work ! '' I finally decided to take the plunge and give ATI a shot.I could n't be happier with my purchase . The price was great ; the features list is beyond incredible ; installation was as easy as the manual made it sound ; and it all worked on the first try . -LRB- I have a solid , but not spectacular , system running WinXP Home Edition , FYI . -RRB- I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to buy another one for my wife 's PC.All in all , an incredible deal for a solid product .
 People have problems only because they do n't Unistall old drivers , especially from Nivida.YOU must unistall old drivers befre installing this card otherways you will run in to propblems , crushes and so on ... I have not experienced anything wrong with ths card , very solid card .
 I got this card mainly for its s-video and rca cable capability to use with my digital camcorder in order to broadcast video on the internet . It also was quite the upgrade from my 8mb card that came with my computer . The install was a breeze to do on my own though this is a rather large card so you may need to use your top AGP slot in order to house it properly . Once installed my computer immediately recognized it . My troubles began with an apparant compatability issue with ATI products and non Intel processors . My screen size is either about 1/2 inch too large for my monitor or 1/2 inch too small and makes my desktop look like its in letterbox format . No matter how much adjusting I did with ATI 's screen adjustment feature could I ever get the screen size right . I tried looking for a patch on ATI 's website for non Intel processors . No dice there . So I live with a screen size issue . Next is many webcam programs -LRB- not webcam32 , ATI works great with it , once you get the patch -RRB- are compatable with ATI , including Netmeeting and ISPQ . Thank goodness I use Teveo and Webcam32 to broadcast video or I 'd be in a world of trouble . The cables included with this card are nice and long in order to plug my webcam into . And I LOVE the difference between 64MB graphics and 8mb graphics ! I 'm pretty easy to please regarding this though since I am not a hardcore gamer , DIablo II and Alice look great on it though . I also dont use the DVD player plug in capability or the TV in features so I can not review those.I 've probably got more card than I need , but I love what I have , except the compatability issues . Oh , and dont even dream of getting ATI to email you back ... . I 've fallen into their customer service black hole more than once .
 This card is awesome ! With this card combined with my DVD+RW and my video camera alot of my footage from past duty stations and deployments can now be put on DVD . With games the card is excellent . I got NeverWinter Nights turned all the way up .
 This line of cards are very good . To find out how to enable all resolutions for your monitor visit rage3d.com . I get all my drivers and card utilities form there . ATI techs visit regularly .
 I wanted to upgrade my computer from an integrated video system and tried NVIDIA but was bothered by hang-ups , crashes and freezes constantly.It just did n't want to get along with my computer running Windows XP . I removed the NVIDIA card and installed an ATI RADEON 7500 . It installed easily and I 've yet to experience a problem with it.It has the same amount of memory as the NVIDIA card but was a lot less expensive.If I upgrade again I 'll stick with ATI . I got a five star card .
 I 'm running a 2Ghz P4 , with 512MB of RDRAM , with an intel 850mv board and an 18 '' LCD Monitor and I love this video card . It seems to be made for my system . I 've had no problems installing or using this card or it 's software . I have used every feature with near perfect outcomes . I 'm not a gamer I 'm just a person who likes to experiment with my system and I have no complaints exept I wish I had tried the 128MB version , but maybe at a later time .
 First one lasted 10 years . This one works great !!!! Vema was the seller and they supplied fast and accurate service .
 I think I have already reviewed this purchase once but I 'll review it again . I had a pretty old computer that had this exact video card in it and I assumed that it had died . I figured the easiest way to get it all working again was to replace it with the same card . The drivers and everything was already set up to work with this card so that made the most sense to me . The seller put a great price on this card and when it came it had all the accessories with it that were in the original box which I thought was very impressive . I installed the card and it worked perfectly . I would purchase from this seller and I would purchase this product again any time without reservation . Excellent service and prompt response . Hope that is a helpful review .
 Maybe you do n't know how to install properly?I did not experience any propblems with windows XP.Everythings works fine for me for the last 4 weeks , check the manual for proper instalation guide .
 Need memory , want it cheap ? Why buy Sony and pay more ? Save some money and get this one , works just like any other .
 specs :400 intel416 Megs pc100 RAMThis burner rocks , having dealt with a HP 4x burner ... , I was ready to move up . Installation was simply , easy and fast , I was burning within 10 minutes -LRB- win98 startup is slow ... -RRB- I burned 580 megs in 2:45 , the data verification took roughly 3 minutes . much faster than my previous burner . . . I was going in to buy the 32X , but they ran out , so I broke down -LRB- do n't mind the pun -RRB- and bought the new one . I 've burned 10 CD-Rs so far , and none have failed , -LRB- no restart in between burns -RRB- . I ; ve been using 48X and 32X CD-Rs , lower speed CD-R/Ws might have someother unforseen problems.The CD-RW full erase takes about 30-40 minutes.I primarily bought this Burner to archive my music and data , and it works well . registering the product is simple , but you got ta do a somewhat long survey.don ' t worry about generic CD-Rs , i 've tried 5 different generic brands and name brands such as TDK , memorex , imation , most work ... The ability to update is good , and like most faster burners , you can do other things while you burn without fear of errors.it 's a good ... product .
 This series of burners never fails to please . The first one I bought was a 16 speed for my personal computer . For different machines I have owned or worked on for clients I have seen just about every model up to this 48 speed featured here.This is a pretty impressive piece of equipment ... I was burning full CD-Rs in less than 3or 4 minutes . It was quick enough that I never really thought about timing it . The software is easy for most any general burning task . Obviously , it is not going to do any of the `` Clone '' functions . But data , . mpegs , and music all are a breeze . This is definatly well worth the money , and I will not stray from the brand in my own personal use . -LRB- sometimes I get called away from TDK for business -RRB- . I am happy to see that the burner is still using the bright blue , Mac-looking CD tray . -LRB- you ca n't see the blue when the CD door is closed -RRB- . I ca n't think of a burner that has done the job for me with as little problem.epc
 I was considering an external CD-RW because I 've never had the guts to open up my PC , but when I saw the good reviews of this model , along with a very nice rebate , I figured I 'd give it a shot . The installation instructions were extremely helpful , both the `` video '' and the quick-start poster . It took me about an hour because I was being extremely careful at every step.So far , it has worked very well . Thanks , TDK !
 ... This drive SUPPORTS Mt. Rainier -LRB- UDF 1.02 -RRB- , Mt. Rainier is the next generation UDF packet writing technology and it is better than UDF 1.50 which most of us are using right now -LRB- if you use packet writing at all -RRB- . Mt. Rainier UDF technology handles error correction at the firmware level by the drive instead of by the burning software such as InCD , DirectCD , DLA , InstantWrite . The initial format is only 2 mins instead of 45 mins in UDF 1.50 . This drive is very quiet and this is a very rare for drives that run faster than 32x .
 I am very happy with my TDK 48X16X48 Drive ... Not only it burns my CD 's at a Blazing speed But read one of my scratched old favorite Jazz CD 's that skips when I play it in my car accurately into crisp MP3 files , I was using `` musicmatch JUKEBOX '' Rip Utilities .
 I chose this product for not only its speed , but its reputedly great documentation and set-up ease . As a former English Lit major , you see , I need all the help I can get when it comes to these kinds of things.Well , it still took me 2 hours to install due to
 I wo n't spend any time on hardware installation - they 're all the same when you get right down to it - but I would like to pass along my comments on the drive 's performance and the software 's ease of use.I value quiet operation and fast read/write performance and this drive delivers on both . It is much more quiet than the OEM drives that came with both of my Dell desktops and the kids ' HP Pavillion . There 's no chatter or intrusive mechanical noise at all.As for speed , this drive tears right through data CDs , music CDs , you name it . It noticeably outperforms a Dell OEM drive with the same nominal speed ratings.The bundled software is pretty good , too . Nero Express seems easy enough and the TDK Digital Blender software offers a great deal of user flexibility.This is an excellent hardware/software package . Ca n't beat it .
 I just got one of those new Palms ... I travel a lot and have tons of contacts , long and details schedules ... the whole deal . I have other SimpleTech products so I decided to use their Multimedia card to boost my Palm 's performance . I 've loaded my entire contact list and schedule no problem with the extended memory ! No matter what I get from SimpleTech , it always performs great !
 My requirements for a memory card are few and simple -- low price and reliability . The price was right , cheapest on amazon.com . And the MMC card worked the first time I installed it . I 'm very happy with it . Make sure to check the compatible systems on their Web site ... I bought a SanDisk card first thinking that the quality brand name would guarantee compatibility . But it did not work with my Intel Audio Player 3000 . Intel says it 's SanDisk 's error and SanDisk says it 's Intel 's problem . That leaves consumers caught in the middle . So I returned mine and bought the Simple Tech MMC card and it works like a charm !
 The low capacity cards that digital cameras come with today are such a joke ! By getting this card , I can spend more time shooting pictures , which is perfect for getting cutting edge images on to my web site . Oh yeah , get the Flashlink reader , it will save you so much time getting those images off your digital camera and into your PC !
 In today 's digital world , there is never enough storage for all my new gadgets like MP3 players and PDAs . I bought Simpletech 's 64 MB MMC card to be able to store more files and songs . It works great . It 's very small and reliable .
 Perfect upgrade for your Palm or iPAQ . Just plug it in and you have much more storage for all of your applications and data , including images and more . These MMC cards are really small and durable . I purchased two of them for storing contacts and images . My handheld now has much more space . Works with MMC slot or SD slot devices .
 Trying to update myself into the new digital age , so I got this Palm m130 to organize all my meetings and contact information . I decided to upgrade the memory with this Simpletech Multimedia card , and after over 100 entries in my Palm , I still have tons of storage space left over . Works great !
 works exactly as it should . product was as described . married up to my 88 accord factory wiring harness without problem . it looks just like the factory connector that joins with . shipped fast good transaction .
 I absolutely loved this case ! I purchased it awhile ago and it fits my ipod 2nd generation perfectly . I love the baby blue color ; it 's much brighter and prettier than the pictures make it out to be . It 's easy to slide your ipod in , and the case keeps it secure , but it 's still easy to get the ipod out of the case . Great price too , if you purchase the baby blue one ! -LRB- The price varies based on what color you choose . -RRB- This is a great case I and recommend it for all !
 I got this case because I got tired of `` undressing '' my ipod every time I needed to charge it or sync it . The case fits tight and has openings for all of the necessary plug ins . The leather is nice . I also like that it is open where the controls are . It has a small carabiner to attach it to a belt loop . The ipod actually hangs upside down to prevent it from sliding out of the case accidently .
 Tests on the ground with 150 ft. separation using the included antennas showed noticeable fluctuations in signal quality/strength when someone/something moved through the path . We purchased the L-Com 17 db backfire antennas and the signal is now solid at up to 500 feet -LRB- the maximum distance we have tested -RRB- . The system is not broadcast quality but works great for our application -LRB- sending meeting video from one location to another -RRB- . Mount the units/antennas as high as practical with a clear line of sight between them to avoid path interference problems . If you use separate antennas , keep the feed line as short as possible -LRB- we used two feet -RRB- .
 We are not using this item as in a normal way . I have mounted the transmitter to the top of my Panasonic AGDVX100B and am sending live feed during a performance of our show at the Minnesota Fringe Festival . The effect is awesome .
 I was hoping this unit would work out as a transmitter/receiver in my race car . It is small , rugged , and runs on 12 volts . I contacted RF Link and they even sent me a unit to try out , along with their amplifier , so that definitely says good things about them . Unfortunately , it did not work at all for me . As soon as the car started moving the signal started coming and going and video quality , well , it looked great before the car started moving.Still , looks like a good system , just not if you plan to be moving it around .
 I used to have an ATI TV PCI card , which is great for image captures , but gave me -LRB- and numerous other people I talked to -RRB- a headache for video capturing itself . The ADS USB Instant Video is a good deal for the price , and is excellent for good-quality video capturing -LRB- Excellent frame rate , just make sure other programs are off and the capturing is n't -LSB- messed -RSB- up at the start -RRB- . Plenty of other excellent features , the software is a good-quality editing package . Compared to the ATI card though , capturing images is a bit annoying . Otherwise , it 's worth it!Connections are very easy , and it 's quite user-friendly and easy to learn , as I 'm not a techie !
 I turned it into a Live Web Cam over the Internet , use it for video conferencing , or create and share home movies over the Internet and more ! It includes all the cables and software you need to share videos and snapshots in an Instant . Just plugged in my camcorder and used VideoStudio Basic to capture and edit your home movies . Then save my movie in all the common video formats such as . AVI , QuickTime , VCD , MPEG1 , Real or . ASF streaming video and instantly publish to the web or copy to a CD .
 I got this at an excellent sale price , and I have never regretted it . I have n't had a single problem with the card , and I did n't have to reformat it for it to work with my Canon A40 .
 I decided to get another compact flash card from SimpleTech since I liked how my other one performed with my digital camera . I 'll probably get some more so I can have digital photo albums of the different events and places I go to . It really helps to get the compact flash reader as well ... I can download all my pictures to my computer really fast !! The reader is Amazon 's number B0000633DT .
 I wanted extra storage space for my PocketPC and this device delivered that , nothing more , but a little less.Be prepared for a very long time to transfer files directly to the CF card on the Pocket PC -LRB- either USB or Serial connection -RRB- . But this is not the fault of this card , but due to the poor communications speed between ActiveSync on your desktop and the PocketPC . Once you have the data on the card and in your PocketPC , it performs just as good as any other card.I strongly suggest getting an extra USB CompactFlash reader/writer along with the card , then the transfer speeds are great . I see no difference in transfer speeds between this CF card and a 128MB MR.Flash CF or a 16MB Lexar -LRB- called high-speed -RRB- CF card.So , why 4 stars ? I get really disappointed when a company fails basic computer math . In computers , 1 KB equals 1024 bytes , but SimpleTech decided to redefine 1 KB as 1000 bytes . The result ? The TRUE capacity of this CF card is 244 MB as reported by both Windows and the PocketPC . That 's 12MB or 5 % less than advertised !
 I bought this CF card even after reading the reviews that mentionned the problems with the Minolta 7i . I put the card in my Samsung Digimax210SE , it worked fine . I put it in my Casio QV3500 , the card was n't recognized . I formatted the card using Windows and A CF reader/writer , slide it again in the Casio , it worked !! I can swap it from one camera to the other without problem.The speed now
 The card is great ! Installed in my Canon Power Shot S30 with ease . Access times are fast . The card is cheap . And it holds 250 1600x1200 pics at no compression .
 I recently purchased a Canon G2 digital camera and its great ! I wanted a larger capacity compactflash card and went with Simpletech . I heard from DP Review that they work well with Canon digital cameras , and take it from me , they do !! Not much else to say , other than getting the Simpletech Flashlink reader will get your images from your camera to PC really fast !!
 I was a bit concerned buying the SimpleTech card after reading the review `` Extremely Slow '' . However , I have a Canon A40 digital camera -LRB- Windows 2000 using USB -RRB- and have NOT noticed any difference -LRB- without any precise measurements -RRB- in writing/reading speed between the SimpleTech and the original CompactFlash card that came with the camera -LRB- Canon 8mb -RRB- ...
 It works great on my Canon A60 at a bargain price from Amazon .
 I purchased a Simpletech 256 MB Compact Flash Card with Reader for my Canon Powershot S45 for the following reasons :1 . Canon sells Simpleteck Compact Flash Card but not other brands .2 . Digital Photography Review used SimpleTech CF in its evaluation of the Canon S45 .3 . a `` Simpletech 256 MB Compact Flash Card with Reader '' price is good at Amazon -LRB- This is no longer true -RRB- .
 I purchased this card for my Canon S230 Digital Camera . The price was good -LRB- especially with the rebate , -RRB- and I wanted enough memory to take both still pictures and video clips while on vacation without bringing several cards . I was a bit concerned when I read the comments about the card not being compatible with some devices . It works beautifully with the Canon S230 . The time between shots is no greater or shorter than with more expensive cards and the amount of space is great . I can go skiing or touring without worrying about running out of memory or bringing extra stuff .
 I give only 4 star because the CF card quit after a year of hard service . But if it worked flawlessly I would not have known how good of customer service Simpletech has . Hardly any time was spent on getting hold of customer service . Took less then 5 minutes to get RMA # and return instructions . 2 Day Airborne service on replacement card ... awsome !
 I have been using this 256MB card for an year now on two of my Canon digital camera and a Casio PDA . It has always been reliable and there is no diminishing in storage capacity . Read and write are slightly faster than my San disk 256MB .
 My friend loaned me her Nikon Coolpix 885 , something that I 've been eyeing for a while had a SimpleTech 256MB CompactFlash for a storage media . She told me that the original 16MB that came with the hardware was too mediocre and not enough memory to hold enough pictures at higher resolution settings . I did n't have to scan the pictures constantly to pick and choose which ones I wanted to keep . Downloads were faster than other compatible storage media . ! oramos1973
 I bought one of these for my digital camera and it has been great . The camera writes the image to the card in less than a second and I have not had any data loss or corruption .
 For the low cost how can anyone pass up this huge storage space . I 've possibly taken over 1,000 pictures with it and have not had a problem yet .
 My digital camera came with a dinky 8MB CF. . . by getting one of these 256MB ones , I more than 10x increased the amount of pics I can take ! YES !! Also got the Flashlink reader to speed up getting my images to the computer .
 I got this card and I am completely satisfied with it . It has had no problems and I can not remark on its speed as this is the first compactflash card i have had . I just can not figure out how to get the rebate for it yet .
 I just bought the Canon Powershot G2 digital camera ... comes with a small compactflash card so I upgraded to a 256MB on from Simpletech . Now I can take a bunch of pictures in one shoot , plus have my smaller card for back-up . You can never have too many compactflash cards !
 The Simple Tech card worked from day 1 , and still works 4 months later . Probably have taken close to 1000 shots on this card cumulatively.The same can not be said for two other Viking Cards , one 512 MB , one 256 MB . Both worked in the beginning , then days later generated corrupt image files . -LRB- Go to Viking compact flash 512MB for my detailed review -RRB- By the way , I own a G3 , and can not tell meaningful difference in speed among Simple Tech , Viking , and the Lexar 12X I just received .
 I do n't know what happened with an earlier reviewer , but my SimpleTech CF card works perfectly with my wife 's Canon Digital Elph -LRB- Powershow S230 -RRB- . Never had any problems using it in my Minolta Dimage 7u either . ` Normal ' SimpleTech cards consistantly write faster than other makers CF cards that are `` High-Speed '' , 16x or whatever faster.CF card speeds do vary depending on make and model of camera . My Dimage 7 writes a 5 megapixel image faster than my Powershot writes a 3.2 megapixel image . So any specific number given for read/write speed is relative and not absolute .
 Works flawlessly in Canon cameras and hopefully in others . Never had any trouble . Also Simpletech rebates are reliable unlike Viking and some others . One of the best CF cards for your money !
 This is now my third SimpleTech CompactFlash card . All three cards have worked out of the box without a problem . The value is very good . These cards have worked great in my digital cameras , PC interface devices , and my HP printer that works directly from this type of card . I plan to buy another SimpleTech product in the future the next time that I need to .
 I guess the best way to describe this product is `` Amazing '' , since it allows any user to take more pics before you have to download them . When I first bought my Canon PowerShot digital camera it only came with a 6MB card which meant I could only take about 10-12 pics . So , I did some research on what 's out there and decided to go with 256 MB CF Card from Simple tech , since it was recommended to me by a good friend that a photo fanatic .
 It 's souond like the competition has infiltrated the the reviews . I am not sure what they mean by the quality not being consistant ! Simpletech is a ISO 9001 Mfg and can not comprimise their quality ! Two weeks after going live with their 256MB card at Amazon it became the # 1 selling card ! I purchase this card along with many others from DP review . They all claimed that the performance was superior than the many of the professional cards currently being offered . The card is fast and I gave many referals to my freinds and they are all pleased with their purchase . I hope this helps
 I have done much research to the benefits of these new faster cards . 4x ,8 x ,12 x 16x or Ultra ? What do you buy ? It 's Simple ! That is SimpleTech . Why pay a premium when SimpleTech cards perform equal to or faster than these high speed cards . SimpleTech are high speed ! and require 25 % less power . If you do not believe me check out DPReview.com.Take more pictures
 Simpletech 's 256MB CF is very fast . I use it with my Canon camera and love it . It gives me quick transfer rates with high resolution . Same time and money and any headaches .
 I bought this because I wanted a backup for my Sandisk CF Card , plus I was able to get for $ 35.00 . It has now become my primary CF card . It definitely outperforms the my Sandisk . I am using it with a Canon A40 Camera . When I upgrade my Digital Camera I will defintely be sticking with Simpletech
 I have shot a lot of pictures on this card and every shot saved properly -LRB- the subject quality is another matter -RRB- . Read/write speed is good for a card in this price range . If you are looking for a good solid card that you can count on , this is the one for you . If you are looking for a blazing fast card ...
 The card that came with my Nikon camera was so small that I could not save very many images . Went to simple tek website and found their cards to be very fast , but also at good price . From their site I found amazon as place to buy and I am very happy . card works great and I can store hundreds of pics before having to download to my computer . I recommend .
 I 'm real pleased with the results of digital images shot using the SimpleTech 256MB compactflash as storage . It 's speed seems to be on a par with my Microdrives or perhaps a slight bit faster.I think it 's great for the price .
 Just got my new Nikon Coolpix 5000 digital camera , but needed more picture storage capacity . So I checked all over the web for CompactFlash cards and found this 256MB CF card from SimpleTech and purchased it . I can now store hundreds of high megapixel pictures and this card is fast too ! I am also looking at the FlashLink USB reader for this card from SimpleTech , STI-UCF100 , as a better way to transfer the pictures from card to computer . Very happy with this product . It made my digital camera better !
 Pop this card into your digital camera and be swimming in free memory . Even in high-pixel mode , we 've never even used 25 % of the available space on it . Works well with the Kodak DX-4900 .
 I just bought the Simpletech 256MB compact flash card for my Canon Powershot S30 . I just popped the card in and it worked without the need to format it or do anything else . The write speed does seem faster than that of my backup card -LRB- 128 MB Sandisk -RRB- . I have not yet tested the read speed with my compact flash reader , but my Sandisk card was fast enough for me at that , so I do n't expect much of a difference with the Simpletech card.I bought the card to increase my image storage space , and based on the reviews I have read here , hopefully increase the speed of my camera in use . I tested the card using the high-speed continuous shooting mode on my camera . With the image resolution at its highest and the jpeg compression at its lowest , I could get off 5 pictures -LRB- indoors , ISO 400 , no flash -RRB- before the camera buffer had to write to the card . This was no different than the performance with my Sandisk card , as it is dependant on the camera 's internal memory as I understand it . However , I needed only wait about a second until the camera was ready to shoot again , a noticeable improvement over the Sandisk card.In my limited test , I also shot a 30 second movie at 320x240 resolution . Again , the Simpletech card performed well , and after the movie completed , I experienced a very short wait until I could shoot again . The write speed of the card seems up to the claims of the reviews.I recommend this card for its price , capacity , and speed . I also recommend Amazon.com . This was my 3rd or 4th order from them and I have been impressed with their service each time .
 I 've read many reviews about Compact Flash card speed and a couple of them here on Amazon . I read one review that listed some very high speeds for other brands , above 8000 kb/s . I do n't know where that data came from , but in independant photo review sites , this SimpleTech card screams . No other brand was faster . By the way , no brand has ever tested in Camera 's that even came close to 8000 kb/s or above.Most CF cards test in at around 2000 Kb/s , some well known brands -LRB- SanDisk and Lexar -RRB- are at 800kb/s not 8000 !!!! If you really want the truth , no card does well in Nikon 's . They read at one bit , other cameras , Canon , Minolta etc read with 4 bits , are more advanced and produce superior results with both read and write speeds . The more advanced Camera 's do make a difference . Check out independant reviews first , before you buy a camera or a card for your camera .
 UPDATE
 ... and I 'll take it ! A 256 meg card in my Canon S100 set to its default resolution got a reading of 1578 shots available ! That 's an incredible amt of space and for someone heading off on an extended trip . I have been following CF costs on a dollar-per-meg basis for some time , and while the newest & largest cards have tended to carry a premium , this one does not . It is under fifty cents per meg , less than 1/4 of what it cost per meg only 18 months ago !
 Bought this for my new Canon A70.Works very well . No complaints , no errors.I also have a Kingston 256MB Cf card . Both work well . But i seem to get longer battery life with the Simpletech.Got my rebate cheque within one month of posting out .
 This item says `` low power consumption '' , which got my attention because I have a Zaurus -- a great handheld , but with lousy battery life . So I did some digging to find out how low . According to their respective Web sites , this SimpleTech card takes 25 milliamps if used in a 3.3-volt device -LRB- such as the Zaurus -RRB- , or 40 mA in a 5V device ; the Lexar high-speed card -LRB- ASIN B00005U0HU -RRB- takes 50 mA at 3.3 V or 65 mA at 5V . `` Well , '' I thought , `` OK , the Lexar has twice the power drain ; but , if it 's is twice as fast , then that 'd make up the difference , because it 'd be taking that drain for half the time , right ? '' -LRB- Not entirely true , by the way ; if the device ca n't keep up with the faster card , then it wo n't be twice as fast . -RRB- But then I found the speed specifications for the SimpleTech
 I bought this SimpleTech card in early 2003 and have had great results with it . I have shot over 34,000 pictures on it using my Canon PowerShot G3 . I use it extensively with my Dell X5 PDA . For the last month , I have been using it in my new Nikon D70 -LRB- over 5000 pictures so far from that -RRB- . I originally paid about $ 60 for this card.The card has never failed me . I have given it extreme use . I also have a 256 MB Sandisk card -LRB- it failed me once , and I had it replaced under warranty -RRB- and a 256 MB Viking card . I had read a review that the Viking card may not be compatible with the G3 , so I never used it in that camera . I used the Viking card only in my Canon Powershot S400 . However I did use all three cards in my PDA and in the S400 . I have used the SimpleTech and the Sandisk both in my D70 , as well as a new Sandisk Ultra II 1 GB card.By comparison , the Sandisk 256 MB card was definitely the slowest when performing the same tasks . It could not keep up with mp3 playback on my PDA . It has noticibly slower write times for photos on my cameras , especially the G3 . The SimpleTech and the Viking cards perform about the same as each other . Neither has noticeable slowness on my PDA . Photo write times on the G3 were acceptable with this SimpleTech card . It really did not cause a delay in shooting dut to waiting for pictures to write to the card.Interestingly , on the D70 , this SimpleTech card still keeps up well . The D70 has an advanced buffering system that can hold several -LRB- about 12 at normal quality full resolution -RRB- images while writing them to the card . This is so much buffer that rarely so I have the need to exceed this many shots in one burst . Thus , when I am using the SimpleTech card , it really does NOT slow down my shooting at all.By comparison , I do notice that the D70 finishes writing pictures to my ULTRA II card sooner , especially after a burst of several frames . -LRB- based on the blinking light that indicates CF card activity -RRB- I really never have the need to shoot a continuous burst of frames all the way to a full 256 MB card.My conclusion is that this 256 MB SimpleTech card is just about the best way to go for CF memory currently . It will cost you less to buy 4 of these -LRB- 1 GB -RRB- than to buy one 1 GB Ultra II card . And then , if you have one of these fail , you will not be out of memory at a crucial time - because you have 3 other cards to use . And you would be able to get a replacement for the failed card later at your convenience.I highly recommend using multiple smaller cards over single larger cards . 256 MB is my size of choice , and this is my choice among inexpensive 256 MB cards . At the current price -LRB- around $ 20 at the writing of this review -RRB- you ca n't go wrong !
 I tried this compact flash with my Canon S40 camera and found that it was provided plenty of room for pictures . This card performed faster than the CF card provided by the camera . I 'm very satisfied with it . I get about 220 shots on a 4 Meg medium resolution format . There is minimum lag time between pictures . I did find that having a CF card reader is a lot faster and loading and unloading pictures from the card .
 Just got a Kodak DX3500 and the card that came with it was really small and only took few pics . Got the simple tech one and it works great , really cool card . can take over 200 2mp pics at a time before having to download . This card is also very fast ... go get one ...
 Just purchased this simpletech 256 mb compact flash card for my Canon digital camera and it works awesome ... Love it . I can take 100s of 3 megapixel photos before having to download . Plus this card takes pictures very fast . Good deal and great manufacturer . I am very happy with my Amazon purchase .
 This CF card works amazingly well . I have always used Lexar Media CF cards but I have decided to go with Simpletech since they are much more affordable and performs equally to Lexar Media flash cards . I own a Canon S30 digital camera and this CF card works excellent with it . I will never overpay for a CF card again !
 Got it in a well packaged unit , took it out , put it in my canon s110 and start taking shots . The pictures takes 1 or 2 seconds less than my other cards -LRB- Sandisk and PNY -RRB- to write . Able to take about 250 shots in HQ mode at max resolution . Download from a card reader is also super fast . Did not do any specific test but it is at least 20 or 30 seconds faster than the other cards I have when downloading 240MB of jpegs to my PC . Again , amazon is prompt with the service and I am a happy camper . Thanks again amazon for giving us outstanding service and products .
 Bought it with my new Canon A80 . My first experience with Digital cameras and Flash Cards . Just plugged it in , like the Quick start manual says , and it works like a champ . Have only used it for 2 days , so I can not say anything about the reliability . It seems to work well , and downloading the pics to my Win XP PC has not been a problem .
 Had no issues with this card . With rebates it was a good deal , although you must send in your rebate ASAP or it will expire.Used in a Toshiba e740
 Based on earlier reviews , I was a little nervous ordering this card for my new Minolta Dimage S404 digital camera , but it arrived yesterday , and I 've already put 26 pictures on it , and downloaded them successfully . No problems , lots of room .
 I bought a 128 MB Flash Card when I bought the G2 from Amazon.com and that was a good move . I found that I like the higher resolution better and the 128 MB is great , but it takes a lot of bytes for the higher resolution . I bought the 256 MB and the first weekend trip I took it earned it 's keep . With the 128 , the 256 and the 32 MB as a backup , I do n't have to take a lot of time reviewing pictures to make sure I get what I want . I can do that at home . I will admit that the low price was a big factor , it made the package complete .
 256 MB of storage . That 's like 5 million photos or something . -LRB- I have n't had the chance nor the reason to fill it up yet ... -RRB- Huge storage space for a really reasonable price . You really wo n't need another Flash Card once you 've got this one . I 've had no problems at all with this . Make sure to get a good Flash Card Reader too , so you can easily transfer your photos from the Card to your hard drive .
 Installation was straightforward using the enclosed template . Once mounted , the height of the TV is fixed . However , the mount offers tremendous flexibility in orienting our TV for various viewing situations -LRB- tilt , swivel , & roll - or whatever you want to call them -RRB- . The installation instructions were mis-printed , but it was easy to download the latest for this product from the manufacturer 's site.This is a very solid and functional product , and we 'd certainly buy it again .
 I chose this mounting system because I wanted something that would tilt , swivel , rotate , etc. to get any angle I wanted off the wall . This mount is built like a TANK ! I would n't rely on putting the lag bolts only into sheetrock ... that 's asking for trouble , but even though my wall studs were not standard distance , I was able to get 5 of them into studs using the top and bottom -LRB- centered between left and right -RRB- holes where the arm can slide back and forth on the arm , and 3 lags on one side into studs as well . I put 3 more studs into sheetrock , but doubt it 's really doing any good.As I said , this thing is built like a brick house . Unfortunately , the documentation was REALLY spotty , poorly assembled -LRB- the same pages duplicated and stapled together , opposite from each other -- not helpful and missing a LOT of details . In addition , the recommended bolts for my Syntax Olevia 37 '' LCD LT37HVS were wrong , and I ended up wasting a LOT of time trying to figure out how to attach the big box frame shown in the picture above , when all I needed was the bracket it attaches to , which had the VESA mounting holes already there . Unfortunately , their recommended mounting bolts are WAY TOO BIG for this TV , and I wasted time enlarging holes to accept their suggested bolts , when in fact that should n't have done at all , and instead ended up using the smallest bolts in the package , combined with some washers purchased at a hardware store.Bottom line , if you are pretty handy with tools , and good at working without documentation , and are good at finding creative solutions , then this is the mount for you.I must say that , despite the struggles getting my TV mounted to it , I LOVE THIS MOUNT ! I just hated the documentation.Good luck !
 This mount is well worth the money . I have used mine for about a year with my 42 '' Sony Bravia and both are awesome . This mount is rock solid adjusts easily and looks great too . It takes a little work to install and a few specific tools are recommended . A Drill , socket set , and a level are needed . A stud finder is a good idea . This unit also offers cable routing channels but are not big enough for larger high quality cables or if you have allot of inputs like I do . I just ty wrapped the cables to the flexable arms and that worked fine . If you want the mount to sit flat against the wall , look eleswhere , although most mounts that extend do not fit very close . The closest you will get with this is about 6 '' plus the thickness of your TV . For me this mount is much better than I expected .
 Great TV mount . Very durable . Not necessary to use all of the parts as it comes with brackets for different types of TVs . Very secure . Moves in all directions . Very pleased .
 A mount this good cost $ 1,000 just a couple of years ago . I 'm very impressed with the thoughtfulness of the company when they designed the template . It holds my 42 '' LCD with NO SAGGING . It 's a great buy . You must commit , however , to some mid-level handi-man or woman work when putting this up . It 's still a descent chore , but these guys have made it as easy as possible . I mounted mine in a corner and it works and moves just great .
 I bought this mount to hang a Sony 40XBR3 on a corner bedroom wall.This is avery strong mount . It 's definitely a 3 person job especially when mounting the TV.It was relatively simple cuz there 's very little parts to assemble and I am not handy at all . Make sure U have a Ratchet wrench and a 17MM socket.U will need them to screw bolts into wall pate and into wall studs.Had to run to Home Depot to buy them.It 's a lot easier to mount the UAM frame onto the TV then the mounting plate onto the UAM while the TV is on the floor or bed.After that U just slide it onto the mounting arm that 's attached to the wall plate -LRB- steps 9 & 10 in manual . -RRB- I added the spacers provided so that there 's an xtra inch between the plate and the TV to slip in cables to the TV.When the TV is fully mounted the arms are not easily moved . It takes some pushing.U do n't want an arm that moves too freely cuz if someone hits it accidentally U do n't want the tv flying into the wall . I paid $ 2,600 for the TV and I do n't want a flimsy mount . When U look at this mount U know it 's going to hold the weight of your TV for a long time .
 Over all the mount works well . Easy to install , strudy , and mounted perfectly to my 40 '' Samsung LCD . I was expecting it to be easy to move the tv but the wires and weight of the TV make it hard to move the entire wishbone . It works well if you just want to angle the tv out a bit but aside from that just find the best position and leave it .
 This is an amazing piece of hardware . The installation kit is the most professional , useful , readable , and complete set of instructions , template , and parts I 've ever come across.When I ordered the mount , I was a little nervous about trusting it to hold my new $ 3000 television . After installing the mount , I 'm completely at ease on the product 's ability to secure the TV to the wall , and I expect it to easily outlast the TV . I made sure to save the instructions and template !
 We love this corner mount . It is plenty big enough and stong enough for our 40 inch Sony LCD TV . It 's just what we needed !
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I did a lot of research and selected this mount because of OmniMount 's reputation for quality . This is a very sturdy mount . It connects to 2 studs with 6 large bolts . I have a 46 '' plasma TV and it is n't going anywhere ! The TV looks great when flush against the wall , but it looks even better when I pull out the TV and turn it to the right or left.I installed this by myself , but it 's probably a 2 person job . The instructions are not well written but you 'll figure it out . The cable management is OK . If you have a lot of wires you 'll quickly run out of space .
 This is one solid piece of hardware . Looks good , too . Attention given to appearance ... I 'm impressed . If you 're a do-it-yourselfer ... this is the job for you . If you think a stud finder is a talent scout for male models ... maybe not for you.The wall mounting plate has six 1 '' horiz slots -LRB- 3 on left , 3 on right -RRB- spaced for 16 '' studs -LRB- so studs can be 15-17 '' apart -RRB- . I mention this because I had to deal with 18 '' separation ... there went the afternoon ! I bolted wood planks to the wall between the studs and mounted to those . There are mollies for sheet rock ... but I did n't trust that . However , I ca n't say it would n't work because I did n't try it . Instructions did n't mention what minimum number of in-stud lag bolts are required.Instructions , on the whole , are lacking in detail . I suppose because every TV is different . The snapshots were great , and helped . e.g. . They give you two kinds of spacers to use for mounting the tv to the universal mount brackets . But , all they say is to attach brackets to television using washers , screws , and spacers . That 's it . You get to figure out which screw size & length and which spacers to use , and how . Again ... because every TV is different . But , the pictures helped to show one method of installation which you can use as a reference . Eh ... have a little puzzle fun ! :-RRB- Note that they give you 10 sets of screws ... one set is bound to fit your tv . Anyone want my other 9 sets of screws ? They also included two sets of brackets which attach to the back of the TV ... one short set & one long set ... and you use whichever is appropriate for your TV . My TV mounting holes -LRB- four -RRB- were 153/4 '' x 153/4 '' square , which fit the long mounts just fine.Note that box says this is for a 32-45 '' TV , and I used this mount for a 52 '' TV . Why ? My TV only weighs 70 lbs , so I 'm well under the 125 lb limit . It worked great.Be sure to pilot the large lag-bolts , if you do n't , the studs will crack . The do provide a heavy-paper template to use for locating holes , which was needed . I could n't imaging holding up the plate to mark hole locations . This also lets you see if you 'll end up covering plug cover-plates or not . Note that there are cut-out holes in the wall plate that allow for a power plug to be accessed after installation if you locate the plate correctly -LRB- using the template will help you plan for this -RRB- . I mounted mine above the power plug ... so the holes were n't needed . I 'm betting it 's more likely you might need to the cut-out holes for a wall switch that might be right where you want to mount the TV.All in all ... very nice hardware ... works like a charm ... Took me most of a Saturday to get it mounted .
 This model has a great excursion from wall -LRB- needed for my install -RRB- . Instuctions are good with some fill in the gaps necessary -LRB- wall plate does not have a reference center point for mounting which would correspond to the center of the LCD TV . That may be on the `` provided '' template that was not with my unit -RRB- . The center of the mount plate was somewhat higher that of the TV center . This only matters if you have very close tolerances-mine is inside a cabinet and it was important for my project.The unit is built very well , could be a gun mount on a battleship . I am pleased with the ablity to place the TV left/right , angle left/right and tilt options . The mid pivot point on the arm is a little stiff to fold and extend-I assume this will loosen up with use ? All is all OmniMount is top quality and I would readily purchase another .
 Excellent construction , well designed for multi situations such as beams too close to the corner of the wall , the mount will actually let you adjust to any size beam mounting width and TV mounting , everything possible has been thought of and considered . We had no problems at all with it . The instructions suck but its pretty straight forward on what you have to do to install it . The screws that fit into the wall were very strong so we didnt have to run out to purchase others . TV sits very stable and firm . The joints in the bracket are very tight so there is no shaking . The TV slotted into the bracket easily and it just looks great . Dont even look at another bracket this is the one ...
 I purchased this mount to hold my 40 '' Samsung LCD . I needed a mount that would attach to the back of the cabinet yet allow the TV to extend out - that 's where the 27 '' reach of this mount really shines . All the necessary hardware -LRB- and then some -RRB- were included . Solid yet flexible . I 'm very satisfied w / this mount .
 This has got to be one of the most complete items I have ever bought , extremely well thought out unit and has absolutely every part , nut , bolt etc to do the installation . Comprehensive and easy to read instructions , an absolute winner in every way . Very very happy and would have no hesitation in recommending this unit to anyone . Also those that complain about the price , I live in Australia and arranged for this to be shipped to an address in the US and then forwarded on to me . Over here in Australia this exact same mount is well over $ 1000 !
 This product is excellent construction . It came with detailed instructions and all the necessary hardware . The movement is very smooth . The only downside was cost , but it is way more solid that the lesser costing pruducts I looked considered .
 I wanted to locate my flat panel in a difficult location . Seeing this item gave me hope that I could finally accomplish this . Although quite expensive , the price seemed reasonable compared to what was available in local stores and their even higher prices.My unit I own a 46 '' flat panel , but decided to take a chance that this item would be adequate . Ordered the item and waited with baited breath . Without any inquiry or such , the mount arrived promptly as advertised . Much to my surprise , the company and up sized my order , I can only assume because of availability , to the next size.It was constructed well beyond my expectations and installed easily . The flat panel is in its new location and given me much more flexiblity with the arranging of my living room.By the way , I do n't have any doubt that if they had sent exactly the item I 'd order that is would have worked out just as well also .
 I have a 40 '' regza that I mounted on the wall . This mount is great , sturdy and very easy to mount with a partner.Extremely heavy duty and well worth the money .
 This is a sturdy product . I 'm not having any problems with the tension of the joints , but then again , I have a 40 '' LCD . So it 's not that heavy . The mount itself almost weighs as much as the tv . I would give this product 5 stars , but the manual is a little misleading . I can imagine that the manual is a little confusing for some people . If you read it word for word , you 'll probably end up using the masonry mounts in the wood studs . And in my situation , the manual does n't mention that if you have a VESA 200x200 compliant tv , you do n't need the universal adapter . In fact , you ca n't mount it with the adapter . Otherwise , this is a quality product .
 Very easy to mount , directions and wall overlay made it very easy . I have NFL Ticket and I use the wall mount alot . I sit in my living room and this TV is in my dining room and I swing it out and tilt it and can view the TV just fine . I have a 42 '' Sharp attached and its pretty easy to move , takes two hands and I move it slowly , but the mount is very adjustable . The only thing I did not care for was the cable management , it 's just a few plastic covers on the adjustable arm which I had trouble fitting more than one cable in . Also if you try to use them buy longer cables , my 6 ft. were too short .
 The mount was a little scratched up when I received it but I suspect that this item was repackaged or damaged during shipment . The dings and scratches on the large plate do n't bother me so I installed it anyway . The mount was simple to install following the instructions with the mounting template . Once installed there 's almost no way our 45 '' LCD will ever fall off the wall . It 's strong enough that I 'm able to hang from it -LRB- I weigh nearly 200lbs -RRB- . The cantilever arm works very well and I 'm able to position the screen to face any part of the room . My only complaint is the cable management . The gap between the arms and the plastic covers is so small at points that a standard coax cable or power cord wo n't fit . I had to purchase a `` mini-coax '' cable to replace the old one . Otherwise , the OmniMount is working great and looks good too .
 This mount is great ! I can swing the TV out to view it from different parts of my master bedroom . Mainly the TV is pushed up against the wall . But with little ease , you can move it to any position . You just grab the TV and swing it around . The mount holds all of the weight of the TV . So there is only a little resistance.There are only two BAD things I could think of ... 1 . The TV does protrude from the wall quite a bit . From wall to the front of the TV is about 9 or 10 inches .2 . It is rather difficult to angle the TV up and down . You actually have to unlock a spring component to do it .
 the big screen can be tilted right to left or up and down . so wherever you move your furniture the TV is looking straight at you . less furniture to buy
 The mount looks great on the wall and I do not regret my purchase one bit . As for the user friendly application of this ... not so good . Once the universal part of the mount is put on , it is impossible , at least on my Hitachi to get to any of the inputs . I know other tvs have mounts located in other places , but it would seem logical to make a system that is `` universal '' , especially since one of the primary reasons of getting this was to get to my inputs easier without taking the tv off the wall everytime . The other bad design of this mount is the `` cable organizing system '' that they say they have . If you can finagle the thick HDMI wires and component cable through the slots made , good luck . I did it finally with some frustration . Once you remove the 2 screws on one side , both panels come off and you have to fill both sides with your cables at the same time and somehow close the slots without putting a screw through your cable . Have fun with that.Otherwise , once the system is set up , the frustration is replaced with awe and I am very pleased with the outcome . Very heavily built and durable . Also , they dont leave too much room for the lag bolts to go into the actual mount to the wall , so there will be some driving of your power driver to open up the area a little , scuffing the mount . Not noticeable though .
 This is a good mount however I thought this would be more of a corner mount . Since the TV is in the corner the mount sticks out slightly . It is very nice to be able to turn the TV different ways . Functional and nice looking .
 love it , except for not being able to play OQUIRRH Hunting Adventures Combo Pack . Video locks up in game.version 1.9 XP appreciate all help.Plays perfect on another computer . Thanks .
 This card runs great on my HP pavilon 8776c . I recently pruchased the widescreen 17 '' Sony hi-res entertainment display , and the ATI Radeon 7000 -LRB- 64mb -RRB- has had no problems making this moniter look beautiful .
 This card has to be the bast purchase I 've ever made ! The grapghics are great , it 's DirectX supported -LRB- a biggie -RRB- and is far superior to most cards of the same price . The reviewer who says it does n't work obviously knows nothing about computers to know well enough whether his motherboard will work with the card . If he bought the AGP card , maybe he should try the PCI . Anyway , this is a great video card from a great company for a great price . BUY IT !
 I wanted a little MP3 player to wear around the house while I was cleaning . This fits the bill , and I love the clip on feature . I would 've given this 5 stars except for the fact that the volume does n't get terribly loud . Also , I do n't like ear pods because they tend to fall out of my ears . I thought I 'd just swap a pair of regular , `` walkman '' style headphones , but they wo n't fit . Too big . Come to find out these are 2.5 mm headphones . It does come with some sort of adapter , but I think that 's for even larger headphones , so it did n't work with what I had . All in all , it 's a nice little player for $ 25 . I suppose it 's probably better that the volume does n't get so loud -LRB- better for your hearing -RRB- , but I still like my music kinda loud . Now I 'm on the hunt for a pair of 2.5 mm headphones that fit over your head and have a volume control on the cord . Not a bad deal overall .
 costs less than one third of the price of the shuffle with all the features.This is a pretty good player i bought it for when i go biking and it has done its job well but the reason im giving it four stars is beacause it takes a while for it to go from one song to another and it will freeze up occasionally -LRB- to prevent it from freezing up let it load about 5-7 seconds at start-up -RRB- other than that everything else is pretty good it gets pretty loud even with the headphones that are included it is very durable and it definitely worth the 25 dollars .
 For $ 15 the sound is surprisingly clear , the ear buds , the controls , & the # of songs -LRB- up to 500 -RRB- are all fine . The item has to be clipped down otherwise it slips off . A worthwhile buy for the gym . Not for someone who needs to select which song to hear - it has two functions
 Would love to see this come out in a larger size with a slightly stronger clip spring . But , as it is , it works as expected . I can clip it on the back collar of my shirt , or more often the back of my baseball cap . The backside of the clip is slim enough that it does n't become unfomfortable . Battery life could be a little longer , but I 'm already looking to get another one of these because I have n't seen anything nearly as hands free and adaptable on the market . Way to go Coby !
 why this device rocks : can be mounted/written to in linuxusb rechargeable , no battery changes
 As stated elsewhere - not bad . It is smaller than I expected , literally not much bigger than your thumb , and very lightweight . Still , it has stood up to the heavy handedness of an 8 and 10 year old for a week of post-Christmas play . It hooks to your computer with an included USB adapter , which means another small part to potentially get lost . Funny , but we bought this one together with the black one -LRB- same model -RRB- , and the black one had a 3.5 mm headphone jack . Identical in every other way . Sometimes your headphone plug comes a little loose and suddenly you ca n't hear anything thru the earphones until you jigger the plug back in . Has rechargable battery that is charged when the unit is plugged into the USB . Simple plug and play , no software to install . Drag and drop files in Windows explorer , or WMP recognizes it as a device . Make sure the Hold switch -LRB- the little switch on the side with a picture of a padlock -RRB- is off when you try to sync or you 'll get a disk error message . An `` okay '' player for an okay price .
 I build my own computers , which has proved to be a mixed blessing ... Since I install nothing but Microsoft Operating Systems -LRB- OS -RRB- on my computers , I have learned to rely on the Microsoft Hardware Compatibility List -LRB- HCL -RRB- , to ensure that all the hardware I purchase is supported in some way , shape , or form , by Microsoft . ... I have build three computers since that experience , and I have used the ATI Radeon 7000 AGP 4x for all of them , because its on the HCL . For my needs the Radeon 7000 AGP offers the best bang for my buck ! ... What is AGP?All of the motherboards I have purchased over the last two years have had AGP -LRB- Accelerated Graphics Port -RRB- slots . If you have an available AGP slot in your computer -LRB- it is usually the small black or brown slot in close proximity to the processor -RRB- , you 'll want to select an AGP video card over a PCI -LRB- Peripheral Component Interconnect -RRB- video card , because AGP offer much faster throughput . But what is AGP?The AGP standard was originally designed by Intel for Pentium II based motherboards . AGP can deliver a peak bandwidth 4 times greater than then PCI using advanced bus-mastering techniques . AGP is designed to enables the graphics cards to execute texture maps directly from system memory instead of forcing it to pre-load the texture data into the graphics card 's local memory first . As a result AGP presents a much smoother frame rate and the ability to display 3D graphics and video that is much more realistic and much at a much higher quality than heretofore found on a PC . Such performance used to be limited to high-end graphics workstations.Though AGP is geared towards the Pentium class processor and its Dual Independent Bus -LRB- DIB -RRB- architecture , you do not need a Pentium processor to take advantage AGP , since the use of AGP does n't depend on the CPU type.The ATI Radeon 7000 offers full AGP 4X -LRB- Version 2.0 , 1.5 volt -RRB- implementation for a 1GB/sec data transfer rate , sideband addressing , pipelining and AGP texturing support . AGP 2X -LRB- 3.3 volt -RRB- operation is also supported for systems / motherboards which do not offer 4X compatibility . PCI versions of Radeon 7000 are offered in both 32M and 64M DDR memory configurations.The Radeon 7000 is available with 32MB or 64MB of onboard Random Access Memory -LRB- RAM -RRB- . The older models sported SDRAM while the newer models come with high performance DDR . Unless you plan to use the card for serious game playing the 32MB version of the Radeon 7000 should be sufficient to meet your computing needs.InstallationInstallation of the Radeon 7000 is pretty straightforward ; the included instructions from ATI are logical , well written , and easy to follow . Both Windows 2000 and Windows XP detected the card and installed the software drivers -LRB- written by Microsoft -RRB- for it . ATI includes a CD-ROM with better drivers and utilities designed to get the most from the card . I would skip the installation of most of the software because it offers little in the way of functionality and clutters the desktop.First Impressions : I love this card ! Even without the installation of the ATI specific drivers , the cards performance was exceptional . The picture was clear and crisp ; the colors were vibrant and true to life ; the text was sharp and in-focus ; and the monitor flickered not a bit . After I installed the included drivers , I noted little difference in performance , but I was able to control the functionality of the Radeon 7000 down to the smallest detail . Though through use I will probably never need to manipulate them the cards many functions and controls , it 's nice to know they are there.I am not a gamer , nor a graphics designer , so I come nowhere near to putting this card through its true paces , or realizing the full potential of the AGP technology . Video and DVD playback are both outstanding at the standard size , but predictably becomes choppier as the images become larger . It is hard to know what to attribute this to
 After buying a new Pentium 4 system , I was tight for cash . Luckily enough I managed to come upon the Radeon 7000 . It has one of the best image qualities I 've seen and its performance is n't too bad either .
 This is a very good graphics card at an affordable price . I 've used it with RCT 1 , The Sims , and Zoo Tycoon . No problems occured with either game . It also performed well while playing video files and the installation was a breeze . If you do n't need an enormous amount of memory , go ahead and get this one . It 's great !
 if you have rare widescreen monitors -LRB- such as plasma or LCD rear-projector with VGA input -RRB- . this card is a perfect match . This card supports three wide screen resolution . text wo n't look stretched nor blur . I use it on my 50inch Sony w9000 and the screen never looked better . highly recommand this video card.BTW
 no complaints . i play a lot of counter-strike . ok at 1024x768 . at 800x600 the frame rate/response/refresh / update -LRB- whatever you want to call it -RRB- gets out of the way of the game . the 3D environment on the screen goes as fast as i can move the mouse . i also just got a viewsonic A90f + , another great value at -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- .
 Yes it is true because 7000 has DDR memory 7200 does not!Plus Rodeon 7200 do n't make no more.The 7000 is better deal , very good budged card.I have this card running with Windowx XPPro for 6 moths now , no complains I have played 18 games . Did not find anything wrong , much better from Geforce 2 MX series . Better quality comes with Direct X8 .1 unlike Geforce2MX old directX7 and no DDR memory.get this card u 'll be happy for long time , also get the newest drivers from ATI website some new games requier new Drivers!Best money can buy !!
 This graphic card was incompatible with my system.Based on what I could do with this card , my game playing experience would have been awesome ! It is fairly easy to install and the instructions are pretty straight forward . Returning this video was a very pleasant experience . Amazon was very helpful in giving me instructions about returns and exchanges . I was contacted almost immediately . Amazon is also very good about notifying their customers with confirmations . I highly recommend this series if your looking to buy a good graphics card . It is worth the buy ! Amazon is a good place for this purchase .
 I bought this 2 years ago for a home built PC .32 MByte memory version . Easy to install . Software works well . My kids found it gave huge improvements to the performance of games like Diablo II.My computer has a Phoenix 6.00 PG bios , AMD Athlon 2000 + CPU , VIA Technologies , Inc. . KT333CF-8235 Motherboard . Windows XP.AGP Version 2.00 Bus -LRB- supports 1X , 2X and 4X -RRB- I never got the board to run at more than 1X on the AGP bus , though it should support up to 4X . Neverthelees the performance improvement over the old PCI card was impressive.I recently downloaded the latest version of ATI catalyst control center , which stopped the AGP bus working altogether , so now I will upgrade to a more modern card . I think the moral is if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it !
 I 've been through my share of rolling laptop bags and most of them disappoint - I have reviewed some of them on Amazon . I had always considered purchasing a McKlein rolling bag but opted for some other cheaper bag . After several hit and misses , I finally decided to trust my instinct and purchase the bag with all the features I was looking for . The McKlein is not outrageously priced like some other name brand bags , but it is roughly 2x-3x more expensive than some of the options out there . The quality shows.The McKlein bags really are a top quality bags with solid construction and great durability . The -LRB- nylon -RRB- fabric has held up nicely in the year that I have owned my bag . The retractable rolling handle also works as it did on day one . The wheels remain smooth and not noisy like some plastic wheels - the bag has rollerblade style wheels . Perhaps the most important feature of McKlein bags are the removable base . This allows the bag to be used as a traditional laptop bag . It also provides an extra support beneath the bag that allows for stability when transporting heavier loads - such as larger volumes of paper / folders . The base also provides protection from water -LRB- puddles or rain -RRB- . I have found other rolling bags tend to soak up water from the bottom up when it rains - not my McKein bag.Pros . * Great organization * Removable base and handle -LRB- great for planes -RRB- * Plenty of room for a large 15 '' laptop -LRB- maybe more , I have never tried a 17 '' -RRB- * The file folder can handle a large volume of files * Expandable folder space -LRB- rare with rolling bags -RRB- * Comes with a protective rain cover * Water resistant * Professional appearance * Quality materials , including the metal zipper pulls * Good proportion of height / widthCons . * Heavier than some bags , particularly with the base attached * Difficult to access rear compartment -LRB- due to the mechanism of detachment -RRB-
 I purchased this bag for my MSI GT70 17.3 '' gaming laptop . It fit , but just barely , and the zipper was tight up against the corners of the laptop . Any real impact and it would have damaged both laptop and bag . However , the removable roller design was really quite neat .
 This was a great buy for me . It simply does what it says and does it well . I honestly did n't realize how dirty these card slots got until I started cleaning them ... no wonder they eventually stop working . I recommend this product at any price $ 5 or under.The only drawback to it and room for improvement is that I think it should come with either some kind of replacement option for when the cleaning arms themselves get too dirty . I would have recommended a cleaning solution , but I can see that going horribly wrong for a few people .
 I had a problem with my Nintendo 3DS SD Card slot ... I bought this , added a little rubbing alcohol to the SD Card part and TA-DA ! works like new
 I had bought this some time ago , but never used it . Recently I had been having memory card errors on my Canon Camera . I decided to try the 4 in 1 cleaner and it solved my error problems
 I bought this because of errors on my Nikon camera to see if cleaning the contacts for the compact flash card would correct the issue . One cleaning and the errors are going . I 'm going to use this to make sure all my cards are getting a clean contact with the device they 're in . Pretty great fix if it prevents the need to send the device in to the manufacturer .
 I got one of these back in the mid 1990s . It makes pretty good clear pictures that are auto-developing and rather sharp for their size . However , it uses its own type of film and nothing else and I ran into a snag when I let them pile up in a back pocket designed into the camera . The pictures got stuck in there and I ended up ruining a couple trying to pull them out . I imagine others who bought one of these might have run into similar issues . It 's not the greatest idea Polaroid came out with , but not a bad attempt .
 The best feature of this unit is that the sound is rich and deep . Not the tinny sound typically associated with a clock radio . Plus , the bass and treble are individually adjustable -LRB- via remote control -RRB- . The remote control is solid , heaviest one I 've ever handled . It includes a sleep/snooze button , display dimmer , and all the typical radio/CD player controls . Only negative with the remote is that it does n't glow or light up . Fortunately , the snooze button and volume controls are in the corners , making their locations easy to remember.There is a headphone jack in the rear , auxilliary input on the front.When the unit off , there is only one brightness setting for the display . However , the display is easily readable during daylight , and it does not light up a dark room -LRB- nor would I even consider it a sufficient night light , it 's that subtle -RRB- . Perfect . When the unit is on , the display brightens up a bit , which can be dimmed via the remote control . By the way , the lighted portion of the display is actually blue , not green as it appears in the picture here.Another welcome aspect of this unit 's performance is that you ca n't hear the CD player spinning about when the volume is set very low . Everyone who falls asleep to CDs knows how annoying a noisy player can be.While technically there is no battery back-up , the unit retains clock/alarm/tuner settings if power is out for no more than 30 minutes . In my experience most power outages last less than 30 minutes , so this is acceptable to me . Others may not find this enough for their needs.CONS
 The sound quality of this rivals the Bose tabletop ; certainly its a better value for the price . Its not as attractive and a little larger , but the features are well placed and the remote is very useful.Mine got damaged by a bad surge , so if you get one , use a surge protector with it to preserve it .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but we love this clock radio ! We loked at several at the stores , but they all had flat , tinty sound . The sound on the Teak is great - alot of low and high end & great seperation . The dual alarms and remote control are great features . The increasing volume , whle a little annoying , does the trick & gets me out of bed -LRB- O.K. - after I hit the remote control snooze a couple of times -RRB- . We 've been through a couple of MP3 alarms & this is the best sound so far . It may not have battery back-up , but I set my travel alarm as a back-up when I have something that ca n't be missed in the a.m. . Much better to have something that actually sounds good .
 I had been searching around for some time for a good clock radio for the bedroom , with good sound and preferably CD . I had looked at the Tivoli radios and Boston Acoustics , but found the radio/alarm capabilities limited -LRB- the models available today may be more feature rich -RRB- . The TEAC SR-L100 has dual alarms , plays AM/FM/CD , and has an AUX input for your MP3 player . I think this latter feature is a must on any modern radio and I use it often.The only downside I can think of is that method for setting some of the time functions is not highly intuitive . Without the manual -LRB- I have it , but was too lazy to go searching -RRB- , it took quite a while to figure out how to change the alarm time just by trial and error!The quality is good , reception is fine , and sound is good . I would n't say `` great '' for any of these , but certainly good and worth the money . Sadly , it seems this model is no longer available , although I have still seen them in Target stores . -LRB- as of Jun 2008 -RRB- Update
 HA!I inherited this unit because my son could n't figure out how to set the clock . And I gave it to him new with the manual !!! I did have to set the clock by opening the CD player and pushing the clock set button , which is a little out of the way . But , once that was accomplished , everything else was fine.The sounds here are rich for a desk-top unit . Remote control handles all adjustments other than the clock set . Adjust the Bass and Treble with separate adjustments from the remote . Turn off or snooze the alarm with the remote . I have a blackberry , and on AUX my blackberry connects and plays my music via the typical AUX cord . The TEAC also serves as a Bluetooth if I get a phone call . I can be listening to kickin ' old Talking Heads , and then take a call from my daughter in college without missing a beat.I 've seen a refurbished TEAC SR-L100 for sale on Amazon , for as little as $ 75 . If you need a good quality clock/radio/ce / aux/alarm/bluetooth unit ... . I 'd get it whenever you find one . It 's well worth the money !!! Ciao .
 I bought one at Target and I wish I had bought two . Now they are out of stock and I ca n't find one . For the price , this product delivers fine sound . I agree with some previous reviewers on the issue of the battery , but that is a minor point . I love the sound !!! It also has good radio reception for stations that are at the fringe of the FM reception band . I did not buy it as a clock radio , but as a less expensive alternative to Bose . At $ 400 less than the comparable Bose , I say `` go for it ' ! I hope it is available soon .
 Bought a pair of these after reading about a little DIY someone did with the SonySony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers -LRB- Pair , Black -RRB- and adding a crossover to them . Was an incredibly straight forward install and so far I 'm really pleased with the noticeably richer sound I 'm getting . I 'm a college student on a budget which is why I went with the Sony 's in the first place but these cross overs definitely stayed in budget and were worth the purchase.I was contemplating making my own cross over but gave in to the simplicity.Also wanted to note that these shipped very quickly , arrived 3 days after ordering and they made a very far journey .
 I actually ended up buying these to update two old cabinets i had come across . Thought they only needed speakers , turned out there was no crossover that was why the speakers were shot in the first place . Then a friend gave me a JBL set -LRB- bass mids and highs -RRB- from an old big screen tv for free so keeping the project as low cost as possible i baught these . They have nice sound for the price did ' t expect the results i got out of these , and i am picky about sound and i 'm very satisfied . Plus they were easy to figure out how to hook up , all the terminals are marked .
 My car is a 1994 Honda Civic EX . Save yourself a headache and get this if you have to replace your stereo . Plug and play .
 Most of the wires color matched to my aftermarket stereo except for a few wires which made it easy to wire . Its obvious that the plastic is a little cheap on the connector but it does the job .
 This works great , it has three firewire ports so you do n't have to constantly unplug your devices . You can transfer data from one computer to another at 400Mbs . Also works great with my digital video camera .
 I bought this product for my father 's IBM T43 notebook and he is pretty satisfied with my present . Before the purchase I 've read some reviews on IEEE cards and decided that Belkin is one of the most reliable cards for `` Sony-IBM video transfer '' collaboration .
 Bought this to hopefully resolve mt Toshiba laptop firewire issues . Unfortunately those still remain , hope to resolve those later , but ca n't fault this item nor the excellent service in it 's acquisition .
 After trying a couple cards for my UbuntuStudio recording laptop , this one finally worked flawlessly with FFADO with my Edirol FA-101 D/A firewire device . Hopefully , it 'll last a long time ... I 'm tempted to buy a spare just to make sure I have something that always works as it 's so cheap .
 I 've been using this card regularly since 2003 in different PC laptops . I got it as a gift with my 1st iPod and have used it for countless hard drives , including for audio recording purposes . Audio & video people take note this has the sought-after TI chipset . All in all it 's been rock solid . My only concern now is whether it works under Windows 7 .
 I bought this adapter for my Dell Latitude D600 , and it works perfectly ! I had a few problems installing it initially , but that was my fault . The drivers for my CardBus slot were not installed . Once I got the drivers installed , I restarted the PC and inserted the adapter . Now I have FireWire on my older laptop . The package says the adapter is compatible with systems as old as Windows 98 SE . It installed just fine on my Windows XP system .
 I bought this to use with an Apple IPod . It is a great card and works well for the most part , but it does NOT work with my IPod . Even though it is recommended by Apple -LRB- ... -RRB- , it ca n't supply -LRB- enough ? -RRB- power and the IPod 's battery drains in seconds .
 I originally bought this little camera new , it lasted over a year before it got crushed in my pocket while working outside . So I bought the same camera as it was refurbished , again that one was also crushed in the same pocket . Now , I wo n't buy another camera but this one as I 'm very satified with how my pictures turn out . They are clear , do n't take up much space on my laptop and I do n't have to wait for the lens to pop out before I can take a picture . Just turn it on , point and shoot and walla , you 've got an in focus picture of whatever it is you were wanting to save as a picture . Even the zoom feature on this camera comes out clear.This would make a good camera for a beginner as it 's very easy to use and has enough features in it to make it an exciting little camera for the novice kind of photographer .
 I recently replaced my 14 year old Velodyne FSR-12 with the DD-15 . I did so because the FSR-12 was struggling in our new house with larger great room , and because the DD-15 was on sale due to its being replaced soon by the DD-15 Plus -LRB- at considerably higher price -RRB- . The DD-15 is cruising in our new house . It really provides the bottom end that my Klipsch Heresies can not . And it does not run out of steam at high volume , like the FSR-12 did.I am mainly a music guy , not so much into home theatre . The DD-15 brings music to life and makes the singers and instruments seem to be in the room with you . Everything you need is included , and the calibration software is a snap to use . The cabinetry is first rate . I got the cherry finish , and although I ca n't tell if it is really cherry ; I would not bet money against it . It looks that good.I am quite pleased with Velodyne as a company , and I love my DD-15 .
 I Bought this because I wanted a USB Flash drive and a mp3 player in one without carrying around a cable . Sound quality is good and the transfer speed seems alright . It does not have a display so you will have to find the song by clicking through them . The headphones are a little too short . Sometimes the casing can be to thick to fit in the USB ports , but it comes with a USB cable you can plug in .
 I bought the 512mb for my daughter . It 's big enough -LRB- drive wise -RRB- for her favorite songs and small enough -LRB- compact wise -RRB- she can take it with her instead of a portable cd player when we travel . The sound is pretty good and transfer is easy , though a little slower then the other mp3 players that we have .
 This is the right memory for old Gateway Performance 800 pc .
 This module works great . The Gateway Performance 1000 is only allowed to handle 512 mb . The computer has three slots , which leaves one slot open if two 256 cards are used . For this computer only buy the KGW3400 module . Other modules bought at Best Buy , Circuit City , Fry 's , etc. will not work .
 Okay , this thing is extremely thin , and it needs to be ever so slightly larger to completely protect the screen . I was pleasantly surprised that it comes with gloves for your thumb and index finger . It will safeguard the screen from VERY light damage , but I would have preferred something stiffer to make installation easier . I orderd mine from Lexard and it arived very quickly .
 Fine item , does what it needs to , the wires are small but works just fine . If you need a long cable like I did for a chase pipe run , then it works .
 Wire just as described , at a great price . Ordered from the mobile website while standing in Best Buy , where the price for equivalent is 3-4x higher .
 The quallity of the cable is excellent . Outer sheet is flexible so it wo n't crack and can be easily run behind walls or under the baseboard . End connectors are of very good quality as well .
 My brother and I have had to split our time on the internet for a while . -LRB- He has a desktop which uses an ethernet cable to connect to the internet , while I have a laptop which requires the ethernet cable to be plugged into an airport -RRB- So for Christmas , I decided to give him a gift that would please me as well , this wireless adapter . The install was pretty simple , and then we downloaded the drivers . The PC recognized it fine , and recognized my ireless signal , but for some reason , the computer did n't recognize the wireless internet it was providing . We were unable to figure out why . About a week went by of fiddling with different things , like disabling the ethernet card , on the hypothesis that it was still somehow trying to draw internet from that , but even that did n't work . Finally , my brother found some way to install new drivers for the PCI card . After he did this , it worked fine . I hope this review helps anyone that might be having similar troubles .
 Had great connection and was REALLY fast . It was not ready for windows 7 tho , it does n't has the drive for it yet !
 I have older Dell desktop running Windows XP that I wanted to add wireless capability . I had no troulbles linking up to my 2-wire 2701HG-B wireless router . The router is in my basement and the desktop is two floors up and still gets excellent signal strength . I did update the software from MSI once installed .
 I just wanted to confirm for everyone that this installs without a hitch on Windows 7 32-bit . Simply popped the card in and Windows 7 took care of locating and installing the driver.The unit works wonderfully so far and has n't dropped a signal yet , great easy-to-install piece of hardware .
 I bought this for my XP pro media center.Installation and software worked like a charm , no need for any otherdrivers as the stock drivers work perfectly.Thank you MSI for actually supporting XPpro , because no one else would .
 Based on reviews on amazon , I bought this card for my Windows XP -LRB- 32 bit -RRB- desktop and it worked like a charm . Very smooth installation - used the MCI software and chose windows zero configuration option for windows to manage wireless connection .
 I installed this card in my computer running windows 7 64 bit . Had to connect to internet with wired connection to let windows search for driver . Within a minute it found the correct driver for windows 7 , installed it and it immediately found my wi-fi connection . Just had to enter my passwoord and everything is working great .
 There are few items that I can say `` it just works '' about , but this is one . Plugged it in to a PCI slot , installed the software , it found my wireless router , I connected to it , entered the password , and was up and running . I must mention that the desktop I installed this into is in a carriage house about 100 feet away from the main house and the router in the main house is in the basement behind a closet door . Speeds are good , not as good as a direct connect to a cable modem , but I am very satisfied .
 I just ordered one of these to replace having to constantly buy wifi adapters for this one computer that seems to eat them . It installed really easily , under 3 minutes , and was working . The only reason why I gave it four stars is because the antenna that ships with it has a rather short cord , maybe two feet at most . Luckily , there was just enough wire for me to get it into a spot where it could find the signal.The computer is running Windows XP 32x
 I got the card into my computer and installed the software , just as the user guide suggested . It took me over an hour to finally connect , but I do n't think this is the fault of the product , just my computer . I have been connected for about 5 minutes now and it works great =-RRB- . The signal 's good -LRB- I 'm 40 or 50 ft from the wireless router and signal strength jumps between 91 % and 95 % -RRB- and It 's about just as fast as my other computer with a physical internet connection . I would recommend it if you 're looking for something cheap that works .
 easy setup did have to go online to get my drives off the website . have not it drop off once have owned it 3 weeks
 Inexpensive , easy to install . Worked first time and continues to work well . ` Nuff said .
 I needed a wireless card for my desktop PC as it was moving to another room and I do n't currently have the time to run a coaxial connection in there for the cable modem.I picked this card based on the rating and reviews here . I am happy to say that they were very accurate and this is a really good card , especially given that the price is so low compared to other , brand name cards.Installation was very simple and the signal strength and speed are perfect . I was in a hurry so I just used the Windows wireless client instead of the dedicated , included software but perhaps if I get time later , I will try running that.All in all , you simply ca n't go wrong with this card - right price and very good performance .
 I read the glowing reviews of this product on Amazon before purchasing it , and -- to be honest -- I always suspect that some of the reviews are really just free advertising posted by company employees . But the price was low enough that I figured I had n't much to lose ... and besides , Amazon 's good about returns . Well , long story short , the PC60G works beautifully . I was having problems with my old setup -LRB- I wo n't mention the manufacturer , because the problems might 've originated in my PC , not in the modem -RRB- and could n't get online . With this MSI PCI card , the problems are gone . It found the wireless network with ease , and pages load as fast as any connection I 've ever used . This card works as well as wireless modems that cost several times as much . If it proves durable -LRB- I 've had it for a few weeks , so far -RRB- , I 'll be able to say without equivocation that you ca n't go wrong with this product . Great performance at an incredible price ... and , no , I do n't work for the company -- in fact , I 'd never heard of MSI before I bought the Turbo G. I 'm very glad that I bought it , though .
 Awesome !! It works wonderfully , I have yet to loose connection and the price was incredible as well .
 Had problems with my old wireless adapter and this fixed it ... ca n't say enough good things about it
 We bought this card to install in my wife 's new gaming PC -LRB- mine already had a Linksys WMP54G v4 .1 -RRB- , and this MSI card just works ! I had to download the 64-bit driver from MSI 's website , but once the driver was installed and the card added to the PC , all we had to do is configure the WEP key and we were on our wireless network in a flash.Too bad I ca n't say the same about my Linksys card ! While it does work with Vista 64 and Windows 7 with Ralink drivers , it has a horrible habit of ping spiking every 60 seconds because of a `` feature '' in Windows XP/Vista/7 that polls for new network connections once a minute . This makes gaming or streaming media a nightmare . Believe me , I 've tried every fix mentioned on the web , and nothing has fixed this problem for me in either Vista or Windows 7 -LRB- we 're running dual-boot on our PC 's -RRB- . If you own Vista or Windows 7 and have the same Linksys card ... try pinging your router for a few minutes to see what I mean . 1ms . .1 ms. . .1 ms. . .1,500 ms. . .1 ms. Not good!While it is mostly a Windows problem , it is also partly a driver problem with many cards out there including the Linksys one I have . Not so , with this MSI card ... which is why I 've just purchased another one for my gaming rig . Easy to install and does what it 's supposed to do . No awful ping spikes every 60 seconds ... just smooth surfing and gaming!Kudos to MSI/Ralink for developing drivers that just work as advertised . Would buy this card again in a heartbeat !
 I needed a wireless pci card to get internet access from my garage , but I got more than what I expected . My computer is about 40-45 ft. away from the actual router and is in a completely separate part of the house . I 'm surprised that I get 75-80 percent signal strength from where I am , which was way less that my last one that had the small antenna attached directly to the pci card . All I can say is the price and the product are both awesome .
 After reading past reviews , I was prepared to have to download special 64-bit drivers to make this card work with Vista 64-bit . But they were n't needed
 I think my title says it all . Open the computer case pull the blank , insert the card , screw it in and turn it on . I used the disk and immediately got a long list of signals from up to two blocks away . It will use the strongest open / unprotected signal . Someone elses , if your router is WEP enabled.You have to use the MSI Super G utility to add your WEP code and save it so it will use your signal as the default . Then you wo n't have to input your WEP code eachtime you boot up.Very strong and fast connection 100 ft. away behind doors and walls . Very happy with this device .
 I originally purchased the WMP300N by Linksys for just under $ 100 . I was feed up with dropped connections and poor performance so I decided to try another wireless devise . This product was a fraction of the price and preformed considerably better . This a great value .
 This card was easy to set up and worked better than the Netgear WRN111 usb device that I had before . The reception is great as if I have a wired connection . For the price this card is great . The only inconvenience is the antenna that has a little wire which is annoying anytime you need to do anything in the back of your computer , but I knew that when I bought it .
 I actually purchased a pair of these about a year ago for my home WIFI network from a different site . Since that site no longer has these in stock , I got the next pair -LRB- this time for my church -RRB- from Amazon . I have had 0 issues with these cards - ca n't remember a single time where I lost connectivity honestly . Do n't think I could ask for more , especially at the price point . Great buy !
 The card worked great with my version of Vista . I had a little trouble installing it at first but once i got past it it works great .
 Installation was very easy , connected to wireless router without an issues , and connection has been uninterrupted since it was installed several weeks ago .
 So far this has been working great -- never loses connection and no problems whatsoever . Sure hope it lasts , unlike the USB adapter I used to have -LRB- it started out great , then fizzled out to completely unusable -RRB- . My fingers are crossed !
 Ordered this for my HTPC . I connected it and initially could n't use it because the disc only comes with the XP driver and my box is running Vista Ultimate . Did n't feel like unhooking everything and carrying it into the room where my gateway is , so I just downloaded the Vista driver on MSI 's website on my laptop and transferred it to my HTPC via my USB drive and all is well.I have only been using it for a few days but it seems to work fine . Connection strength is excellent , speed is good , and have had no disconnects . I recommend this for a good , low cost wireless solution . I love how I can move the antenna where I want .
 I am using this card on my new PC that I just built . I bought this as a cheap alternative to a USB type card . I must say , I will never do USB again . Strong signal and NO dropouts . Works great on my 64-bit system . There are no cons to this card . Buy it while it is still available . Other sites are out of stock !!!!
 I bought 3 of these and they are simple set up and great signal strength . The external antenna has a cloth covered cable so its very durable .
 I 'm not sure what can be said for a wireless card other than it gave me no problems on the install -LRB- WinXP -RRB- and the signal strength is great on the antenna with its extension cable . I 'd recommend this over other name brand wireless cards I 've dealt with in the past -LRB- Linksys , I 'm looking at you ! -RRB- .
 Installation took a total of 3 minutes max , did not even need the installation CD , Vista SP1 recognized the device and took care of the rest . I do n't think I have ever had it so easy with anything `` network '' before !
 Amazingly easy to install , very solid signal , and software works like a champ . Unlike my previous wireless card for the office network -LRB- cable to that computer is just impossible -RRB- this one installed and worked within 10 minutes ! The software was easy , and the signal is so much stronger that the throughput is incredible . Very nice unit for not too much money . Highly recommend it .
 I installed this in my Windows Vista Home Premium -LRB- 32-bit edition -RRB- desktop computer and it was instantly recognized and updated drivers were downloaded on the first Windows Update session . This is about as plug-n-play as it gets . I live in a neighborhood with public wireless access provided by our association . The external antenna included with this card provides either Very Good or Excellent signal strength -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- at all times . This little PCI card is just a pleasure to use . Install and forget . I much prefer it over a USB dongle wireless for the better antenna and the price is certainly right . Drivers are also available for linux or FreeBSD users as well .
 I bought three of these , along with a Linksys WRT54GL -LRB- which I 'm using with the tomato firmware -RRB- . One is being used in a room outside the house -LRB- there are two thick walls and a kitchen between the router and the PC -RRB- , another is being used directly upstairs -LRB- again , an old , thick floor -RRB- and the third is still unused , waiting for the assembly of a new PC . The signal is surprisingly good -LRB- even with the linksys firmware , but better with tomato set to 42mW -RRB- , though I had to keep trying channels until I found one that did n't suffer from intermitent noise outside the house -LRB- probably coming from a neighbor using a 2.4 GHz telephone -RRB- .
 This thing can pick up signals better than anything I have used . It gets a better signal than the Linksys or Buffalo router functioning as a wireless bridge -LRB- via DD-WRT or Tomato -RRB- . Installation is just like any other windows device . Extremely stable connection even with crappy routers .
 I am using this product because I could not get a good internet connection in my shop , which is about 150 feet from my wireless router . The Super G 802.11 BG Wireless Pci 64 Bit Xp Compliant Turbo Mode -LRB- Purchased on 12/31/2007 -RRB- solved the problem and now I get a good signal by being able to move the antenna around .
 I 've had a pretty good experience with this card . It drops the wireless connection every so often , but not enough to really be a problem . No real complaints .
 The product is excellent . I was getting dropped signals with both of my other wireless adapters , one from Netgear and one from Zonet . This always has excellent signal strength and does not drop the signal.The four stars instead of five is because the instructions are incomprehensible . It gives the feeling they were written by people who did not understand English very well . I wanted to turn on encryption , but have no idea how to do it even after struggling with the poorly written directions . I can turn on encryption for one session , but as soon as I disconnect , it can not reconnect unless I turn encryption off ... Oh , well , it is fine as long as I do n't try to mess around with it .
 I noted the opinions of previous raters of this product and decided to give it a try.Not only was delivery fantastically quick , but the wireless card installed instantly and required no configuration by me ! So nice to buy something that installs easily and works well .
 May be cheap but its quality is first rate.Buy this if you own 64 bit XP.Really fast , I love mine . .
 What 's more to say about a product that works ? I ordered two for my tenants so they can use the wireless network instead of running ethernet cable all around the house . Both were older machines running Windows XP . Installation was a breeze and both computers were online on within 10 minutes . Modem/router located in a downstairs bedroom . Upstairs computer gets a strong signal and the downstairs computer gets a stronger signal with speeds that rival a computer hard lined to the router . If there was one thing I could change about this product , it would be the pigtail on the antennae . There 's barely enough slack for the antennae to sit on top of the tower . Good product .
 I took a chance and it turned out that this pci 64 bit card works for my pc with Windows XP 32 bit .
 I ordered this just over a month ago , and I recieved it in the time frame that I was told . It is great ! My computer works great with it and it was really easy to install ! I have never installed one before , but I wanted to try and do it myself and not have to get someone else to do it ! It was so easy to do and once installed , I downloaded the disk and it was ready to go ... it was really quite simple , and I am far from a computer expert . So if I can do it , so can you ! I 'm so glad I got it and I will probably be purchasing a couple more in the near future for my kids ' computers too !!
 Works well . Only negative is that I have to restart the driver every time I log into a user account on windows xp . After it restarts I get a strong signal that does n't drop and transmits streaming video well .
 I am not a computer geek , but I had no trouble installing and setting up this card on my Windows XP computer . I networked it to my new Apple iMac through the Airport router . The router and iMac are in the lower level of the house , so the XP is one floor , one wall and about 25 ' away . So far , I have encountered no problems and am very pleased with the performance .
 I was worried about buying a cheaper card for my desktop , but that has since subsided . This works great.It was easy to set up . I have 100 % signal strength from my router that is one floor down and one room over . I have had no dropped signal problems either . Why not buy this one that is cheaper than a more expensive one ?
 Just bought this card for my CentOS 5.1 system . The driver from the Ralink website does not work . So I downloaded the third party driver from serialmonkey . It works flawlessly . My WIFI network uses the WEP encryption . Have n't tried the WPA . With WPA-supplicant , it should also work . The chipset for this card is RT61 . Just download the right driver from wwww.serialmonkey.com website . With the dipole antenna that comes with the package , the receiving signal is pretty good . My 2WIRE DSL modem/router locates in the kitchen downstairs . Even with so many walls -LRB- 4 walls at least -RRB- and 30 feet away , this WIFI card still get 80 out 100 signal quality . It also works fabulous under Windows XP professional system . It should also work for other types of Linux distributions . Also it is cheap to fit tight budget !!!
 Bought it for a 2nd computer that is on the other side of the house -LRB- 100 feet or so -RRB- . Used the drivers provided -LRB- running WinXP Pro -RRB- . Usually has 3-4 bars -LRB- out of 4 -RRB- of reception , has not caused a reboot that I know of -LRB- system is not on for long spans of time -RRB- . The only problem is that the cable does not allow me to place the antenna on top of the CPU case -LRB- full-sized desktop case -RRB- . Overall , a very good rating .
 I Bought this card for a third computer in my house and its the ferthest from the router and works fine .
 Bought this to install in a 40 Gig , HP Pentium 4 hard drive government surplus computer that is about 2-3 years old . Other than having trouble connecting it with my QWest wireless service -LRB- it would n't show in the little box they kept telling me to click on even though the wireless card properties said `` the device is working properly '' -RRB- , I got it to connect anyway and this computer now has the fastest internet in the house ! It is faster than my brand new Dell that I got last year . I am recommending it to my parents who bought similar surplus computers after seeing how fast the internet was on this computer . I do n't think it is the computer though , I think it is the wireless card ! It was easy to install , too -LRB- and I have never installed anything in a tower before -RRB- . I am very pleased with it , esp . for the price !
 After giving up on USB based WiFi adaptors , I opted for an affordable PCI solution . This device maxes out at 54mb according to XP meaning it is not connecting using the Super G standard . Regardless , it 's reception is excellent , much better and faster than the Super G USB adaptor it replaced . I am of the opinion that USB is not as good as PCI or PC-card bus for ethernet or networking . I purchased the Super G USB to replace a G USB that did not work well -LRB- same issues of constant disconnects and disruptions with my USB HP printer -RRB- . >> > do n't use USB networking if you have an available PCI slot < < < < If your looking for an affordable PCI WiFi card , I would not hesitate to get this one . It also comes with the a half height bracket for small case installs .
 I bought this wireless adapter for an old computer running Windows 98SE . I was skeptical that it would work , but thought I 'd give it a try . I installed it as per the directions and got a very good signal from the basement location of my linksys router . And this is on the second floor of our steel framed home . Ca n't ask for more .
 I am not an experienced computer tech ... just gutsy!The worst part of the installation was getting myDell desktop to `` latch '' the wireless card in.No problems with the wireless card itself.Navigating through the wireless card application softwarecan be a little confusing without a manual but do-able . Have n't lost wireless connection once since having installedthe card almost a month ago.Good product for the price .
 It did n't come with instructions on how to install the card -LRB- this was the first card I ever installed -RRB- , but since I have eyes , a brain and a screwdriver , I got it installed and up and running in about 10 minutes . It works great ! No complaints . If you struggle with common sense , you might want help installing the card .
 This card is the fastest and most reliable wireless device that I have ever purchased . The reception is always 3 to 4 bars , even from across the house . My newer PC is mostly MSI components and contains a similar card as this model , so I knew this was the right choice .
 This product works great once you figure out how to connect it . This is the only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 . The price is perfect for someone one on a budget . The instruction on the manual are not clear , i followed the instruction and was ruinning into problems when I tried to connect to my secured network . I had to go to the manufacturer website and download the most up to date driver and then use zero config when i right clicked on the icon on my desktop . I then let windowsXP detect the many wireless connection in my area . Once I clicked on my network and used my password this thing just work like magic . Connection , speed is awesome .
 I just moved to a new house I am renting and the woman next door I met said she had a wireless network over there . I tried to access the signal and was frustrated because I got very spotty reception and had to restart often with my laptop to regain a little signal strength . I also could n't use my PC because I did n't have any hardware to access the wireless signal . First I got a Linksys Wireless-G Range Expander WRE54G and just plugged it into the wall socket and pressed down and held one button for a few seconds and the blue lights came on . What a big difference ! I was up and running at lightning speed with my little Dell notebook . I , after getting the signal boosted , bought this Super G 802.11 BG Wireless Pci 64 Bit Xp Compliant Turbo Mode from here for peanuts after reading the reviews . WOW ! I never thought I would be as satisfied with a wireless connection as I was with a direct line into my machine . I am up and running at pro lightning speed and the signal is very strong and steady . This thing was so easy to install and using the software was a no brainer as well . You can do it with a little common sense unlike other software I have had to really study carefully . This product for me is a solid 5 star item . I recommend it with enthusiasm .
 A snap to install and it works fine . Our G wireless router is 2 floors away and the signal is strong . If we , 2 people who know NOTHING about all this computer stuff can get it to work in less than 5 minutes , anyone can .
 After reading the reviews on this item , I still ordered it with some fear and trepidation , planning on tapping my knowledgable son-in-law to bail me out . Not needed at all . Opened the box , plugged it in , hooked up the antenna and Windows XP did the rest . Connected within minutes of booting up the computer . It is working just fine and I am very pleased .
 This product works great , BUT you will need a different driver -LRB- see Ralink website for it -RRB- . I run both Xp Pro and XP 64 bit and I had some problems . This product did not work the same with both versions of XP without the driver from Ralink , included software had problems with my Netgear router . -LRB- speed was not fast or consistent . -RRB-
 I am using this card with a Windows XP 32 Bit operating system , the card installed without a hitch and is faster than I expected . With the computer in the same room as my wireless card I do n't even need to use the antenna . I am very impressed and it has worked flawlessly for me .
 I am using this for a desktop on the other side of my house . 5 Bars ! After I installed the Vista 64 bit driver I was up and running . Great for the price . Also there are very few wireless PCI cards that have Vista 64 bit drivers . Very pleased .
 I loaded this up today and out of the box it did not work with vista 64 , I had to go on another computer and go to MSI 's website to get the vista 64 drivers . Once I had those I ran them and the card works great . Only reason I give this a 4 out of 5 is because while using this to game I lag for about 1 second every couple of minutes , it 's just enough to be a pain .
 I bought this a few days ago and received it yesterday . Even though my computer is pretty old it took me only a few seconds to install it and the cd that comes with it only takes 3 steps to set up the network.The external antenna seems to be extremely effective since I 've been downloading files at the maximium speed that my internet services supports - 156KB/s - constantly for 5 hours now downloading autocad . I 've had no problems with it yet . You can set it to use a mix of 802.11 B/G or either one alone and the turbo mode keeps it at the maximum connection speed . Also , the encryption is also extremely secure as advertised.Even though my computer 's upstairs and about 40 feet away from the router my signal is 100 % ALL THE TIME , I can see my neighbor 's constantly at 76 % and a free open network down the street at 35 % . It comes with a little brace for the pci port which I did n't need ; I guess its for low-profile computers that use small pci ports.To sum up , this thing is awesome . Btw I 'm using this with a Linksys WRT54G2 Wireless-G Broadband Router that supports 802.11 G and they seem to be a match made in heaven and I recommend buying them together , from everything from the 802.11 G to the WEP encryption , they seem to work together very smoothly . As soon as I 'm done with this review I 'm gon na ' review the Linksys .
 I just installed this in my desktop the other day and set everything up with Vista SP1 and Xubuntu 8.04.1 . I first tested it out with Xubuntu 8.04.1 and was pleasantly surprised to find out that the wireless works out of the box . In fact , I get a much stronger wireless signal with this card than I do on my laptop 's built-in wireless.I noticed that the box says it 's designed for Windows XP , so I used my connection on Xubuntu to locate Vista drivers on MSI 's website , and once I copied the Vista driver to my Vista partition -LRB- I run dual-boot Vista and Xubuntu -RRB- , I logged on to Vista SP1 and installed the driver , and everything works.This is an awesome product . If you use XP , Vista , or Linux -LRB- particulary Ubuntu or any Ubuntu derivative -RRB- , this product will work like a charm . This product has brought new life to my desktop . In fact , I removed my dial-up modem from my desktop because with this wifi card , I no longer need dial-up .
 Works great . Been using it for few months , no interruptions caused by this so far.I get the same max download/upload speed that I get through my wired connection through this -LRB- 12 MBits/sec download 2 MBits/sec upload -RRB- . The only thing i dislike is that the antenna is attached via a cable to the card , so you have an extra cable around your PC .
 I wanted to get rid of those pesky wires , so after some research I bought one of these to see if it would work in my desktop . The day it arrived I followed the directions and it was picking up my wireless router signal within 5 minutes of opening the package . Needless to say , I bought another one the same day for my wife 's desktop and they have worked flawlessly for a month now . Both are XP systems .
 I had two different PCI adapters , trendnet MIMO and Netgear 54MBPs . They both gave me a lot of problems . This adapter is easy to install , works great . Much faster than the Trendnet or Netgear . Stay away from Netgear adapters . A lot of bugs . Bad software . This adapter is much cheaper than the Netgear and works better . I am very happy with it .
 I tried so many different cards and combos trying to get my newly built Shuttle cube PC to work with XP 64 on my wireless network . I tried two different USB devices and three different PCI devices and none of them worked until this product . What a great price too . I put it in loaded the software and BAM ! it work perfectly . Very cool how some thing just work and for about one third the price of all those other devices that I tried . My only complaint would be the 18 '' external antenna . I wish it was one of the folding ones that comes attached . Oh well ... . I 'm just happy to be finished and not have to return any more stuff because it does n't work .
 I recently purchased this card for a new build . The card worked great at first with the MSI drivers but a few days afterwards I kept getting horrible connection issues . I 'd stay connected but webpages would take forever to load and when in WoW I would get lag -LRB- people running in place -RRB- and disconnects . After reading reviews I tried ralink drivers RT61 . These drivers worked great with connectivity but then , every once in a while , caused me to lose total connection followed by a BSOD -LRB- blue screen -RRB- . After dealing with the BSODs I found out that this card runs off the Ralink RT2561 chip , went to Ralink 's site and used their updated drivers ... everything works fine now.summary :1 -RRB- use Ralink RT2561 drivers .2 -RRB- enjoy
 The card works on my new 64-bit Vista desktop . I have not received my Windows 7 Upgrade kit yet , but plan on using it on 64-bit W7 once I get it.I gave 4 stars for connectivity because the instruction is misleading . You may use either supplied CD or download from msi 's web site . From my experience , it does not make a difference . You only need it to have Windows recognize the PCI card . Once this is done -LRB- verify that under `` Device Manager '' there is no yellow warning on this device -RRB- , you need to ignore `` MSI Wireless Utility '' that comes with the driver . In my home wi-fi , the Utility wo n't pick up the signal . Instead , you should go to `` Start - > Connect to '' in Vista , which brings up the wireless network Windows can recognize , and connect to your wi-fi . Once connected , I have experienced no issues in dropped connection . Speed testing shows my best download speed over 4MB/s , in line with my AT&T ; Elite specification.Update for Windows 7
 Worked for me on Vista 32-Bit , Vista 64-Bit , and Windows 7 32-Bit . You do n't need to install the software , just make sure the disc is in the drive and have Windows search it for drivers.Signal Stregth is awesome , this thing picks up networks in my neighborhood that no other card or laptop will.If you want a no-frills -LRB- besides external antenna -RRB- card that works , this is the one for you .
 Got this card today -LRB- 06/30/09 -RRB- . Added the card in my Dell Dimension desktop running windows XP , and installed the driver from the CD that came with it and it did n't work ! It detected my wireless router but when I entered the WEP key , it just would n't connect . Went to the MSI site found the driver for this product and boom it works . Signal strength is excellent.Included driver version is some 1.X and the version on the MSI site is 3.1 . On the MSI site under download section search for PC60G and you will find the right driver.How difficult is it to include the right driver with a new product ?! Hence the 4 stars , otherwise I would have given 5 .
 This card was so easy to install . It probably helps that I have a computer science degree , but I think pretty much anybody could do this . I opened up my computer , stuck the card in a slot , and installed the software . I did nothing else , and it works . I have n't had any problems , and I get better , more reliable connections with this card than I do with my laptop 's built-in wireless card.For the record , I installed the card in a Dell computer -LRB- several years old -RRB- running Windows XP Professional .
 I have tried a long time to connect my computer , which is a back-room , first floor addition to the house -LRB- outside the original brick wall -RRB- , to my wireless network , which originates on the opposite side of the house on the second floor . The D-Link USB adapter I started with , worked fairly well but would occasionally drop the signal . It died suddenly , so I replaced it with a Trendnet USB adapter which , if it found the network , would connect weakly then disconnect shortly thereafter . Not a viable option . I spent a little more money for a Trendnet PCI wireless card -LRB- model # TEW-423PI -RRB- . It never found a network let alone connected . Then after reading the reviews , I tried this MSI card for the same price as the Trendnet card . It consistently finds multiple networks around here and consistently receives a strong signal from my router -LRB- ~ 70 % -RRB- . I can now reliably connect to the internet without it dropping the signal and could not be more pleased.The antenna cable on this card is 2 feet long -- long enough to extend from the card in the lowest slot of my pc tower to sit on top of the tower about 2/3 of the way toward the front . The antenna is putty colored -- but you ca n't have everything .
 This wireless card is an excellent performer in terms of connectivity . I tested it with a Linksys WRT54GL -LRB- stock firmware -RRB- , WRT54GL -LRB- DD-WRT firmware -RRB- , Belkin , and a few other wireless routers and had NO trouble at all connecting to them.In fact I DID NOT experience any connection drop-outs at all on a 5-day continuous ping test.The design of the PCI card is pretty standard and within PCI specifications for size . Also included in the box was a low profile PCI bracket which is an added plus if you are in need of it.I installed it in a multi-boot machine with Windows XP Professional SP3 , Windows Vista Business Premium , and UBUNTU Linux and the card worked excellently in all of them.I am very happy with this item . Please keep the price like this , just right . It is very worth the little that it cost as compared to others .
 This item works great.I used it on an old windows 98 machine . Worked right out of the box . The antenna wire could be a little longer . It replaced a linksys USB I never could get to work right .
 This little card installs flawlessly on Windows 7 and then just works like a champ . Great connectivity while connecting to a Linksys WRT54G from a fairly difficult location -LRB- downstairs and across the house ! -RRB- . Very happy with it , especially at this price ,
 This card is a breeze to install , fits right into the slot in my Dell PC . Dell was asking for $ 50 for pretty much the same card , preinstalled . Saved a bundle . Could n't be happier . No issues with Windows , no problems with connection speed . Certainly recommend this product .
 This works as well as the other reviewers suggested . Easy installation if you 've opened up your cpu before and exchanged a pci card before . The antenna has good range , and I was connected in minutes to my wireless router . Thanks a lot .
 Great Wireless Card , easy to setup and has a long range conectability . I am very satisifed with this product !!
 This was a great purchase i just neglicated to look at transfer rate . It doesnt broadcast internet at a very fast rate . It only gives 54mbps and i failed to notice this befor i purchased it . Purely my mistake and fault . But other than that i have no probelm with this card . Only thing i dont like is everytime i boot up the system it opens up a box on the screen and it sort of is obnoxious , but other than those two things no complaints . Easy to install just put it in the open space in the computer and run the cd .
 i bought it for really cheap , i think it cost 0 dollars , i thought it was too good to be true and something must be wrong with it . But it works great !!!
 popped into my computer but card did not connect to my wifi network . I had to use the other computer to download the vista driver software and then transfer it to my computer . -LRB- this can get a little tricky if you never did it before -RRB- anyway , after I transferred the driver software the card works great . -LRB- fast card to -RRB- I have had no problems in the last 10 months since I installed it . never lost signal yet . I even get a good signal even though my computer is upstairs and wifi is downstairs.save yourself some money , this is good card for the price !
 After reading the one star reviews , I am not convinced those reviewers reviewed the same product . I installed this wireless card in a Dell Optiplex GX280 and then installed Windows 7 RRM x86 -LRB- fresh installation -RRB- . Windows 7 had a driver , loaded it , and that is it - connected to my Linksys wireless router at 54mbs . Very surprised that Vista users would have driver issues ...
 The card works well , but the software could be better . It is harder to `` lock '' the card to a particular WiFi node using the supplied software than it is with software that comes with other WiFi adapters .
 works well and the moving antenna is just perfect to obtain the best signal possible around the Desktop . also you can become creative and make some kind of parabolic antenna placing this little one on the focus of it , it will increase the range of it
 This was my first wireless network setup , this adapter workedflawlessly . I was `` up and running '' in less then 5 minutes and this includes the time I spent installing the card.Don ' t waste your money buying something more expensive thinking it willbe better . Signal strength is fantastic . I am picking up multiple wireless networks in my neighborhood and the homes it my area are minimum150 feet apart . If I had to find any complaint , it would be that there does n't seem to be a way to save your encryption string if you use WEP but , the more I use it , I actually think that even this may be a plus , kind of like having to enter your password every time you log on .
 Easy to install . I used the reference drivers from RALink . I installed it in an XP machine running Sp2 . Signal is 100 % through a couple of walls and a door . My router is a Linksys WRT54GL 1.1 running DD-WRT . I would buy this again .
 I 've burned through 4 different types of USB Internet dongles and a few PCMCIA cards of all brands . Only one dongle works now and it 's from Trendnet . So I decided to go with PCI cards for wireless internet . The first one I got was for my wife . It was a good deal until they doubled the price when I needed a few more . Trolling Amazon I went . After reading all of the reviews , I settled on this card . I purchased two and they work flawlessly . One is connected 24/7 to the Internet , my daughter ca n't miss a beat with Club Penguin , and the other runs an FTP server 24/7 . I have had them for a while now , at least 6 months or so , and they work a lot better than most of the USB dongles I 've had . I have no issues uploading or downloading huge files from FTP to my HTTP server.It was a good buy .
 This card works very well - I tried a Netgear USB stick before and it did not do the job ... overheated , lost connectivity often.I read the reviews on this Super G card and decided to try for a machine running XP Pro . Works like a charm!The antenna cord is somewhat short - I have my computer set up at a rolling computer desk , standard size , and I was n't able to bring the antenna all the way up from the bottom of the table where it 's connected to the computer . I had to set it down instead on top of my printer on the bottom of the table.However ... this table is on one side of the house while the WAP is on the other side of the house , around several corners , hallway , etc. . And even where the antenna is place under the table , I 'm getting `` Very Good '' to `` Excellent '' speed ratings.As such , I give this a 5-star rating - it totally does the job and has never lost connectivity ... and , was very easy to install/setup - took me all of 5-10 minutes.Highly recommended !
 It is a wonderful and for the price , nothing can beat it.I had other USB adapters installed before and never have great reception as this does.Highly recommend.The MSI software needs a little attention but if you follow the procedures , you should be fine . Took no more than 15 minutes to get every thing ironed out .
 I was worried when i bought the wireless cards , but once i got them and installed them they work perfectley , no regrets now , very easy to install and all four of my computers work fine , no more wires running around my house .
 Wow . It 's so nice to have a product do exactly what it 's supposed to do ! Just plug in the card and fire up the computer . As soon as Windows gets done organizing everything , you 're connected . A + MSI !
 I have a desktop PC in my basement about 50 feet away from the router upstairs that I wanted to connect to the Internet . My choices were to buy a lot of cable and drill a hole in the floor or get a wireless card . Saw all the great reviews on this one so I went for it and boy was that a great decision ! Got it out of the box , slapped it in a free PCI slot , put the antennae on top of my tower , fired up my computer , popped the setup CD in the drive , and literally within 5 minutes I was surfing the Internet with 100 percent signal . Highly recommend !
 I bought this for my office computer to connect to our network and it has very good range . I have had no problems connecting to the internet using a wireless router .
 I bought one for my x64 XP system . I ended up installing this card on a standard XP Pro computer without issues . I then moved this to my x64 without issues . It connects without problems on every startup and it has maintained a strong connection on both systems.I installed a Netgear into the x32 when I moved this card to the x64 . The Netgear would rarely connect and when the connection was made , it would be dropped . In comparison , this card is leaps and bounds better than the Netgear I used . The Netgear card was a total failure and was returned to the store . For reference - Netgear 's software is a royal pain.The software is fairly easy and straight forward . I used the connection software that came with the card rather than the XP connection wizard . It worked flawlessly . The only issue was getting my router to accept the new connection . This was entirely the Linksys mac addressing filter I have enabled . Once it accepted the mac address , its been working flawlessly.I do n't particularly like the external antenna . I saw no real gains . I used the Netgear antenna that attached to the card and received the same signal strength and connection level as with the corded antenna . The cable for the external antenna is extremely short , which limits your ability to move the antenna out of sight or to a more convenient location . The cable is about 24 '' long . It is long enough to place the antenna on top of the tower and that 's about it . I ended up buying an extension cable from Fry 's which enabled me to move the antenna to a better location.Final thought
 The sturdy , extended antenna is a big plus . I do wish the extension was longer though . It 's only about 18in . It does make a difference where I place it . Books seem to be more disruptive than walls.I am using this on my HTPC -LRB- which sits on a bookshelf -RRB- with the wireless router about 50 ft away through 2 walls . I 'm always getting at least normal `` yellow '' strength . Mostly `` green '' though.I have XP Pro 64 . WPA was fairly easy to setup and the supplied software is pretty intuitive.If you 're having problems setting up security though , do n't expect much help from the book.Overall a great , inexpensive product . For the price , it could have gotten 5 stars , but I 'm picky .
 I was a bit skeptical due to the fact that this did n't come with a CD for the needed drivers BUT on the other side of that idea we are talking about a NIC card that seemed to be standard fit / plug & play anyway . I built my PC and use Win 7 on it so I was counting on it to have the needed drivers or at least find them . It did n't seem to work at first but with a little patience and after a few seconds I was able to sync / connect to my wireless network with no problems . In fact it had no problems on IE or Opera internet browsers at all . Videos , web pages and even MMO gaming is as responsive and fluent as if I were directly connected to my router or a server . I am totally satisfied with this card with the antenna attachment . I only wish that the cable was a bit longer from the base of the antenna to the back of the card to my PC but ... trust me it is n't a deal killer at all . I may even some day buy a longer cord if I find one but , in the mean time I am enjoying it like that Old Spice dude on the ridiculous commercials ! . ... TURBO POWERRRRR ... RRRRRR . ... RRRRR !
 If you have Windows 7 , plug the card in , and then go to the MSI website and get the driver -LRB- it should be easy enough , you just select the type of product , etc -RRB- . If your computer is n't yet connected to the internet -LRB- which it probably is n't -RRB- , you will need a second computer and some sort of removable media . Just save the downloaded file to the flash drive , and then run the setup application on the computer that is using this card . As soon as installation is over , you just double click on internet connections , connect to an access point , and enjoy the Internet ! And btw it works with a 64-bit OS .
 I bought this adapter because my old one did n't work with Windows 7 . Although it does n't say it is `` Windows 7 Ready '' on the box , I got it up and running in about 5 minutes without Windows Update to help me . I installed the drivers included on the disk , and it worked like a charm . It 's currently picking up five bars of WiFi from a router on a different floor in my house . Highly recommended .
 My notebook and main PC are running Windows 7 , but I have an old Dell in my basement that I use for old games that is running Windows Millenium which is based on Windows 98 code but works better with USB devices . I wanted to stream radio music in my basement as I ca n't pick anything up with a regular radio . I tried using my Belkin 54G USB thumb device but I could not get music to stream and had lots of drops even though my other computers were fine with my Linksys WRT54GL with Tomato firmware . The Belkin could see my network and my neighbors networks OK and showed a strong signal , but I could not stream . After doing some research , I decided on this PCI card to avoid USB . What a difference . I did install the latest driver on MSI 's website which were newer than what came with the card . I can now stream music off the internet in my basement without a single hickup . The PC only has a 1GHZ Pentium 3 CPU with 512MB of Memory .
 I installed this in an older XP-based machine . The install went fine but it did n't recognize the card . When I checked , I found I had not seated the card securely in the slot on the motherboard . It is a small card and can be a challenge to press in firmly between existing cards . Skinned knuckles , anyone?I had to re-run the installation process after I got the card into the slot correctly , but it ran without problems and everything was fine.I use this on a machine that is on a different floor of the house than the wireless router , and about 25-30 feet away and it provides an excellent connection .
 I am currently using my new card to write this review!I am using windows 7 ultimate , and had a VERY easy time installing this card . I threw it in my computer , installed the drivers using a windows wizard and am now enjoying BLAZING speeds ! All the reviews here are excellent and quite true ! Instead of a bunch of technical jargon let me put it this way : My house is near a public access point for wi-fi . My laptop will not connect to this access point because it will barely pick up the signal . My ipod touch running a special wi-fi finding program will only work when I stand next to my back window holding it up at certain height . This new card and antenna gives me FOUR OUT OF FIVE BARS on my internet and super fast download speeds . It has picked up other networks that I never knew where there and allows me to connect to those too!BUY THIS CARD !!!! It is totally windows 7 ready and WORTH IT !!!
 I was almost getting ready to ditch my Aging Dell Dimension XPS B1000r Desktop until I read a review of this this Wireless PCI Card . It is inexpensive and installation was a breeze . I installed the included software , input my AT&T `` 2Wire Wireless Gateway '' WEP Key , rebooted the system and I was surfing the internet wirelessly in no time . Signal strength has been consistently rated excellent at 54.0 Mbps speed . My PC runs on Windows XP Pro . I downloaded the `` Ralink WMP-Rt2561ST '' driver as suggested by some reviewers but never installed it as my system is working just fine with driver bundled in the included CD . I found the length of the antenna cord more than adequate . I just sat the antenna on top of my desktop inside my PC cabinet
 NEVER had a problem with this device finding a connection , No problems in standby or hibernate mode , or any delays in finding my network.Didn ' t even need the enclosed drivers . Vista 64-bit connected the device without a hitch and it 's been working flawlessly for about 1 year.EDIT 09/24/2011This device also works great with Linux Ubuntu 10.04 ...
 You ca n't beat this card for the price . Similar netgear and US Robotics products locked up my computer on a daily basis and they cost more than this one . This card works as advertised at half the cost of the big name brands and it supports all of the latest network security technology .
 I 'm writing this review using the Super G on my Vista 64bit OS . Works great . -LSB- ... -RSB- Download the `` Windows Vista 32/64bit '' , unzip the folder , drag & drop the `` x64 '' folder to your desktop then instead of using the CD 's drivers just run the setup.exe in the `` x64 '' folder .
 Works very well and has been working well for years . The antenna could be a little longer but it still works .
 i bought this wireless card some time ago for an XP 64 setup . i have since then evolved into Windows 7 and a new system build . for kicks i tossed this card in the new computer and downloaded the Win 7 , 64 bit drivers from MSI . this card works great . i am so thrilled at its performance ; it is first class .
 I recently installed this card on an old HP 64 bit desktop that I was upgrading to Windows 7 . As the included CD did n't have a Windows 7 driver I went to their website , using another PC of course , and downloaded the correct driver and then let Windows `` find '' it during installation . I did n't load any of the manufacturer 's software at all , I let Windows do everything and its working perfectly . I get instant connection when I power up , the signal is strong and I 've yet to drop the connection . The desktop is 2 rooms -LRB- thus 2 walls -RRB- away from the gateway and directly next to an HD TV , which I use as its monitor , and does n't pick up any interference . Oh , one more thing , once everything was working `` automatic update '' downloaded and installed an even newer driver .
 We bought this wireless card to replace a Netgear adapter . My husband 's computer would constantly loose its connection with the Netgear . Since getting this one , the signal has been very reliable .
 If you are buying this card for a windows 7 build you will have to look for drivers online other than that the card works fine . I 'm playing online games like CSS on steam and others and it gives me no lag , our wireless modem is two rooms away and I 'm getting 4 out of 5 bars which is good but not perfect . I wish they updated the drivers for MAC or hackintosh as some of you might know what that is . The latest drivers for their web side are from 08 for 10.5.x version . No snow leopard support what so ever .
 I had a USB wireless adapter that got 50-60 % signal strength . This this adapter , I get around 90 % . I 've absolutely no problems with this card and have been impressed by it 's performance .
 does as advertised . Bought this because of current reviews and it 's great . I have to `` repair '' the connection about once every 2 weeks on the machine being used with this card , but I never have to repair the connection on my other computer . Not sure why this is , but it 's a really fast fix and never causes problems .
 I recently set up this wireless card for a relative , and was pleasantly surprised by how quickly and smoothly the entire process went . It was probably the simplest hardware upgrade I 've ever done.Upon receiving the package , I panicked for a moment when I noticed the PC was a slim form-factor Dell . Obviously the card would n't fit in that case because the back plate would be too big . Luckily for me , and very thoughtful of MSI , this wireless card has removable back plates and it even includes a slim one just for this case ! If you 're interested , it also includes an even smaller one , probably for microATX cases , for a total of 3 plates . Very handy.What followed was me getting my Philips screwdriver , replacing the back plate on the card , opening the computer case , inserting the card and closing everything up . Then I attached the included antenna , hooked everything back up and booted into Vista Home Basic SP1 . At this point I have to mention I previously made sure to download the updated drivers from MSI 's site and have them ready before I installed the card . Windows promptly asked me for the drivers , I pointed the installer to the right location , and off it went . IIRC , I believe the drivers were WHQL signed -LRB- someone correct me if I 'm wrong -RRB- , which is always a reassuring thing that at least these specific drivers should not crash your system.And that was it . The card provided the computer with full 802.11 g speeds and a 100 % signal to a Netgear WGR614v6 AP , through several rooms and walls apart . Needless to say , I was browsing the web in no time.In conclusion , it was a pleasure setting this up , and I have n't had any complaints whatsoever since -LRB- 2 + months now -RRB- . I have nothing bad to say about this product . It has plenty of features and accessories , installation is a breeze , great performer , Vista compatible , and best of all , the price is right . I was n't a big fan of MSI before , having had so-so experiences with their motherboards , but this has certainly made me reconsider them in all my computer purchases from now on.Highly recommended .
 Good product , works just as described . Easy to install . Have not had any problems thus far .
 Works well with my Linksys WRT300N Wireless Router . Simple setup and connects automatically every time . Proves you do n't have to pay a lot to get a decent wireless card .
 I moved to a location where wireless internet was all that was available and so I needed a wireless adapter for my desktop PC . This product was quick and easy to install and enabled me to be on line immediately . The price was very reasonable and the product works as described .
 The MSI wireless G was a snap to install . We had a little trouble logging it back on a few times , but issues were more user error than any problems with the devise . Since the wireless router is on the first floor and this computer is on the third floor , I am very pleased with the reliability of of the connection achieved with the MSI wireless PCI card .
 The computer I installed this in , is in my sons room across the hallway . Without a wall , it would measure probably 50 to 60 feet -LRB- maybe a little more -RRB- Since I have installed the product it has held at excellent signal . I ca n't say how well it would work further as I have not tried . I only ran into 1 hiccup after installing . When I turned off the computer and turned it back on , it did not automatically hunt for my access point . So I added my access point to the settings and that fixed that problem . I am very pleased with this product .
 I found this card to work great , no problem with installation , works GREAT . I would recommend this product .
 I received and installed this last night on my kids 4 year old HP desktop . It is a replacement for the Buffalo wireless USB adapter the kids broke a couple of weeks ago . I wanted to get a replacement Buffalo product but found that a court injunction now bars Buffalo from selling many of their products in the US.I installed the Super G and it interfaced with the Buffalo router in 30 seconds . No problem at all . It even receives pretty good signals from 5 other wireless networks in my neighborhood . I am no computer geek but will say this product works like a charm with no dropped signals so far .
 A few points I 'd like to share :1 . Excellent reception - I 'm using Linksys router with DD-WRT firmware and this card picks up consistant 5-bar signal . I 've previously had Buffalo Airstation WLI2PCIG54S in the same machine and it only had around 2-bar of signal strength -LRB- same location . -RRB- 2 . Antena cable is about long enough to put it on top of a midsize tower .3 . I run RaLink -LRB- for chipset RT61 -RRB- on XP machine instead of the MSI supplied driver , also configured thru Window wireless option . So far , it 's been stable , no drop signal.For price/performance ratio , I think this is a great choice .
 Does what it is supposed to do . This card connects to the internet , is easy to use , and i like antena feature . Picks up signal very well .
 Nice card . Bought it to replace problem card once upgraded machine to Win 7 . No troubles , and the install was smooth .
 This wireless card works like a charm . I installed it on a Dell XPS420 that was upgraded to Windows 7 64bit from Vista 32bit and i had no problems . I went to the MSI website to download only the driver so i could use Windows 7 to manage my wireless connection . The driver has worked out great.AND - the big plus is I dual boot to Ubuntu 9.1 and this card works right out of the box . Once it is installed Ubuntu will see it and it works . NO fuss , no mess . Just works.I do recommend getting an optional antenna as the wire for the antenna is just a little to short to help with reception . A hi-gain antenna is an even better option .
 Set it up and was good to go in about 10 minutes . Very pleased.Thanks to all the other reviewers for making it clear that this one stands out in a crowd .
 Although I had to use the included device driver -LRB- i.e. Windows XP did n't have one that would work for it -RRB- , this has been an excellent wireless card . It stays connected all the time ; I seriously have n't lost connection ONCE . And it boots very quickly ; that is , as soon as the PC 's up & running , I instantly have connectivity -LRB- as opposed to my laptops , where connectivity lags boot time by about 10 seconds -RRB- .
 I bought this for my desktop computer so that I can connect my cable modem to BD player for netflix streaming . It works perfect . Sometimes I think internet speed is faster than when it was connected directly into the modem . My dell is 3 yrs old with dell truemobil 2300 router -LRB- ancient -RRB- which works perfectly with this item . Just do me a favor and buy this item . You 'll be satisfied .
 I had no issues during installation and setup , so it 's a true plug & play item . The cord for the antenna was a bit short though .
 Took me a while to find the proper drivers to use on Windows 7 , but after that it works great . I was very suprised and pleased to be able to play Left 4 Dead 2 online with a average ping of 60-65 . I have even seen it as low as 33 one time . Thats incredible for a wireless setup.The only complaint , as noted by everyone else is the short cable for the antenna.I would definitely but this again for any future computer .
 The product was easy to install using the software provided and connects at 54Mbps . Product arrived very quickly and in excellent condition . Ca n't beat the price for providing what my needs are.Con
 It was one of the best priced choices and has n't skipped a beat since it was installed . My son uses the computer for gaming and is very particular about speed and he says it works great ! Because we have Windows 7 we had to download the latest drivers to install but it was really easy . I highly recommend this product .
 this NIC works as described . It 's good ... I 'm satisfied , but it needs updated drivers for Windows 2003 and Windows 7 .
 Used ralink drivers as mentioned in other reviews . Working great with Windows Vista Ultimate 32 bit . No disconnects and very strong signal strength .
 This card replaced a trendnet wireless card which was abysmal in that it was always dropping connection.This card works great , no dropped connections . Installation on vista was a little tricky in that the software that was supplied with the card was conflicting with the vista 's built in wireless software . Once I uninstalled this card 's software , vista 's built in wireless software then managed to recognize my wireless network , and it was smooth sailing from there on.As many others have mentioned , this card also has a nice antenna which extends nicely to allow you to place on top of your computer -LRB- the cord is pretty short -RRB- , and that definitely improves the reception of the wireless card .
 I have windows Vista to start with . Installation took all of 5 minutes . I installed the software that came with the product and could not get my PC to recognize the card installed in an empty PCI slot . Went to the manufactures website and sure enough , they had the new software upgrade for VISTA . Installed it and was online instantly . It seems as fast as direct cable hook up . Worth every penny . A great product ...
 I 'm satisfied with this card . It gets pretty good reception . Compared to Medialink wireless USB adapater on the same machine , this performed far better and maintained consistent signal strength throughout . I 've only used this card for a few weeks now , so we 'll see if it lasts . But so far , a very solid performer.The only downside I 've observed so far is the cable to the antenna is on the short side . It was barely long enough for me to put the antenna on top of my desktop , and nowhere else . I think this issue is not unique to this card - common to this type of wireless cards - it does take up some space -LRB- unlike other cards where you have antenna directly connected to the card -RRB- , and it 's not easy to hide it .
 There 's not much to say ; It works great , no problem with install . Strong connection between a router downstairs and the PC upstairs . I 'm running Wireless B with a cable modem and it 's always fast . Good buy !
 I installed the Super G 801.11 BG wireless card into an older Dell desktop with 2 OS 's on separate hard drives . One OS is ubuntu and the other is XP.With the ubuntu OS , the card worked out of the box without any more tweaking , with the XP OS , I installed the software that came with the card , and it worked without any more tweaking , and still works with ubuntu after upgrading from 8.10 to 9.04 . Highly recommend this wireless card and I really like the antenna being on a cable instead of attached to the card on the back of computer .
 As others have posted , the software that comes with the card is not necessary . My Dell Vista 64 bit computer immediately recognized the card and installed the driver . Nevertheless , to be safe , I subsequently downloaded the most recent Vista driver directly from MSI 's website . I originally had trouble logging onto my home network -LRB- the instructions that come with the card are a little sparse in this regard -RRB- , but once I figured out that the card itself has its own MAC address , I was able to solve the problem -LRB- my router 's MAC filtering is turned on and I had to register the card so that my router would allow the card to access my network -RRB- . No problems since . This card is a great value and , so far , it works flawlessly .
 I was having trouble finding a wireless card for my new 64 bit system . When I found someone who had one in stock local they wanted to much money and if they did n't have one they still wanted to much money . Amazons price is the best deal I found and I got it in a day . MSI products have been flawless from day one and do n't get any easier to install and set up than this . Great deal buy 10 .
 My husband installed this wireless card in a dual core gaming PC that he built . On the plus side , the hardware installation was simple and the card detected the network immediately . The small external antenna works great as it is able to get the signal from the modem all the way at the other end of our house . The price is also right . However , the graphic user interface is really lacking and the instruction booklet is not very helpful . I kept having the problem of having to re-enter the WEP encryption key every time I shut the computer down , even though I had seemingly saved it in a profile . The user manual devotes only 3 small pages to setting up the network . There is no trouble shooting section . I finally figured out something that worked and got the profile saved . I consider myself to be a fairly advanced computer user as I have installed OS 's , drivers , software , and some hardware on numerous computers .
 Just got this card for my new Windows 7 machine . Worked great after I got the RA link drivers from their website . Seems fast , does n't lose connections , the antenna seems sturdy . Right now only using it with 802.11 b but it seems fast enough !
 Moving from wired to wireless , I got for my desktop a wireless usb adapter from Netgear . The thing was sluggish , and it had trouble connecting even when clearly detecting my router ! After a few months it got worse - very unreliable , probably damaged . So I decided to try this card instead , which I got for half the price of a new usb adapter . My desktop is a Windows XP , which I bought around 2005 . It took me about a minute to open it , less than two minutes plugging the card in , that was that . I installed the software and my computer was connected before I knew it!Now my computer connects like a breeze - coming out of standby it takes literally five seconds or less to connect - and I 've recovered all that lost broadband.If you are tired of sluggish usb adapters , give this thing a try !
 I had a wireless USB adapter , and it does not compare to this ! Easy to install and has n't dropped signal on me yet
 This card works fine with Windows 7 64 . But the drivers supplied did not work for me . In fact the hardware was not even recognized after I installed the hardware and the supplied software . As suggested in comments on other reviews , I went to :[ ... -RSB- and selected the : PCI/mPCI/CB -LRB- RT256x/RT266x -RRB- drivers and downloaded about 26mb , then I installed it and magic happened ! Started right up and selected the network I wanted and shazamm , works like a champ !
 I purchased this to allow my daughter to access the household wireless network . I bought it based on prior reviews and price . -LRB- It was to go into a 5 year old desktop that my daughter inherited when we upgraded -RRB- . It is a Super G and works like a champ on our enhanced N network , even though a bit slow , -LRB- but that could be the old computer -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product for adding onto an existing network and for added flexibility on desktop placement . This one went upstairs no where near any existing LAN cables .
 Bought this for my son 's PC as he did n't want to run a wire through the floor . As cheap as this was , my expectations were n't high but it installed easily , connected first time and has been running for a month with no problems . Note this was installed on a 5 year old dell desktop running XP home ...
 Able to get three bars -LRB- 52 % -RRB- on a router located in my son 's house across the street . Replaced a card that only received one bar and costantly dropped the signal . Web locations received almost instantaneouly . Thanks again Amazon .
 First , this adapter works with Win7 64-bit -LRB- and I 'm guessing Win7 32-bit , too -RRB- . You can download Win7 drivers from the manufacturer 's website.I put together a new box with Win7 x64 . My 2 yr old Linksys adapter , for which I paid a small fortune , is no longer supported . I guess they 've moved on . So I had an immediate need for a PCI wireless card . This card -LRB- which is an MSI product , BTW -RRB- looked like it would fill the bill
 The PCI card dropped in , the software worked , and things were online . It is exactly what I was looking for .
 Pros - Very easy to installGreat receptionInexpensiveDid I mention InexpensiveCons - None
 I tried two linksys wireless cards and they were bad , one barely got a signal and the other one simply did n't detect my router.This one immediately did work after installing the drivers . Granted I 've only had it for a week , but am very pleased . Our router is at the bedroom which is in the other end of the house -LRB- my desktop is in the bedroom opposite side -RRB- and the signal is awesome !!!
 Plugged it in the back , hooked up the antenna and ran CD . Works great . Picked up three neighbers and my own wireless in the house . Signal was at 100 % from wireless in the house and about 20 % from next next door neighber -LRB- 75 ' -RRB- . Hooked it up to a 5 year old HP 32 bit with no problems .
 It does take some basic knowledge inorder to be able to install the super G wireless card , but Im sure that comes with any wireless card you would intall . Other than that it seems to working great .
 Everything seems to be working just fine for now . I have had this card for a little more than a month now.Sometimes I feel like it loses connection sometimes but I think it 's just the mix of application I run . I have yet to investigate.Installation was easy . Instructions are clear.I Highly recommend this product .
 Prior to this purchase , I bought and returned 3 other network cards over the course of a month due to poor performance : Linksys - $ 50 - signal strength 1-2 out of 5 . Netgear Rangemax - $ 70 - signal strength 1 out of 5 . -LRB- Note
 It is installed on an XP machine . Inexpensive , easy install , works great . What more can one ask ...
 Plug and play , immediately picked up by the software when I installed it . Quality antenna and sturdy cord between the card and antenna . My only complaint is that the cord is a bit short -LRB- ~ 18 '' -RRB- and wo n't reach to the shelf above my computer bay in the desk in my office so it 's sitting precariously leaned up against the wall .
 Easily installed on Window XP . No any issue found so far -LRB- two months -RRB- . Signal is good .
 Replaced a Linksys PCI card on a desktop that is behind a panel in my theater room . Works great ! Very helpful that it has an antenna that can be located apart from the computer .
 Fast , easy to install . Cheap , and works out-of-the-box in Linux.Only downside ; takes a while to connect .
 I have had headaches trying to configure my wireless network at home . Came across this wifi-card while browsing , saw all the great reviews and purchased it . Hardware installation was a breeze , software was quick and easy . Works great and never lose connection . Great Buy !
 My previous Linksys wireless G card antenna could n't get much of a signal from my new Linksys wireless N network when I upgraded recently , probably because of my computer 's location . The antenna that came with this card made all the difference in the world
 I bought the Belkin USB wireless adapter before buying this one and had to return the Belkin one as it just would n't work . Stay clear of wireless USB adapters is my advice.This one works really well . I only had to change the wireless channel on the software to get it running properly . Great signal strength despite there being a solid wall and 15 feet to the hub .
 This card is awesome ! Plugged it in , turned it on and it worked immediately , have had no issues at all . The card is connected a computer the floor below my modem with no problems .
 Recently recieved Super G wireless card . Simply plugged it in and had it running in minutes . It works great , have it upstairs and runs quick and provides a reliable connection .
 I got this for my wife 's computer . It was running on an old 802.11 b card and needed to upgrade to the g. I installed it . The antenna sits on top of her CPU . I 'm not sure if the external extended antenna is better or just that this is a ` g ' card , but her wireless has a much better connection . I purchased this for the price , and it has been worth it . The only reason I gave it 4 stars vs. 5 is because the setup is slightly different than the ones I 've used in the past -LRB- D-link and Netgear -RRB- . The other 2 companies have a bit clearer setup instructions .
 Though I am experienced with home wireless networks for laptops , the use of desktop wireless is new to me . Currently , I have two laptops -LRB- 1 Vista and 1 XP -RRB- that are wireless and an XP desktop using Ethernet . Due to a need to rearrange the room that has the desktop , I decided to try wireless . This intsallation was easy - took about 10 minutes max . I also replaced a failing router with a Linksys WRT160N at the same time . The router is upstairs and the desktop is downstairs and I receive a consistently strong signal . For the novice , I think the instructions are a bit vague regarding the choice of using the MSI utility or Windows to manage the card and whether the MSI software is really needed at all . However , even the MSI utility is straight forward . For the price , I highly recommend this card .
 I had a Linksys wireless receiver that was not compatible with Vista , so after upgrading my computer , I found this on Amazon and based on reviews , decided to give it a shot . Worked wonderful right out of the box , and signal strength is excellent ! Works like a champ , and easy to install . Highly recommend if you need a Vista compatible connection to your wireless router .
 I purchased this card to replace my Linksys WMP54G , which kept dropping my internet connection and thus forcing me to my laptop when I wanted to access the internet.But since this card comes with a non-stationary antenna , I can place it above/in front of my computer and get a better signal ! I am 2 floors up from the router , and with the walls being as thick as they are , it is n't easy to get a good signal , but this card does!Okay , there are a few flaws . I needed to download the driver from MSI 's web site because Windows would not recognize/install the driver . And the connection appears to be a bit slow , but maybe that 's because I 'm a few floors up . Nothing too negative to stop me from using it.The MSI PC60G is sold out as I am writing this review , but I was lucky enough to snag one from a third party a few days ago and love the performance . There 's a reason it 's sold out . Well , yeah , I guess they stopped manufacturing it . But also , no one wants to sell something that works , and the ones that are available are getting bought quickly .
 This would be ideal for an older XP 32 bit system if you do n't want to spend a lot of money . It will also work on newer systems like win 7 . Keep in mind , to get the most out of the card you wo n't want to use an older b / g router , what you really want is to use a newer g / n router . You want to set the card for combo reception , d/g . This can give you a 40 % improvement compared to setting it just for g reception . You will not see the full speed of this card until you install a newer router . Also keep in mind that if you are using DSL internet you ca n't expect a lot of speed either ; but that 's not the card 's fault.I am getting about 11 MBPS actual download speed with a g / n router , and a 54 MBPS transfer rate with five bars of signal . When I tried it with a b / g router I was getting about 6 MBPS . You can see from that , a good newer router really made a difference.The stock antenna lead is short , 24 inches , but that 's because at this frequency there is a lot of loss in a long wire . A longer wire would lose a lot of the signal.I also use a Hawking antenna with 6 db gain , if you are not getting five bars of signal , do n't expect spectacular speed.Then you have to weigh the advantage of an n wireless adapter , which is much faster -LRB- about 6 times faster -RRB- , but costs twice as much.This would be the choice if you are trying to get the most performance for the least money . I think it 's a great card for g 54 speed , which is just about obsolete compared to the n systems . But do you want to spend twice as much on an n system ?
 Usually I do n't bother to add reviews to items that already have a couple of hundred people saying it 's great but I could n't resist piling on for this card . When I bought it I thought I was taking a bit of a risk since MSI was not a firm that I was familiar with . Right out of the box though this card started to remove any doubt . An excellent set of instructions , the card was not `` cheap '' and the antennae hook up was not flimsy . Drivers installed easily card detected my Wireless G gear effortlessly . In 15 minutes I had turned my son 's desktop from Network frustration -LRB- using a USB wireless adapter -RRB- to Network pleaser.The story got better though . Using XP my son and I both realized that this card was outperforming most of the other adapters in the house even though my son 's room does no have easy `` line of sight '' to the router and the signal needs to pass through a concrete firewall that surrounds the furnace -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . The easy to position external antennae is a hugh boon . Finally my son decided that he wanted to run Linux . Mind you he 's not yet a teen . He was able to install Linux from and get on the network with no issue . The other cards in this category cost twice as much and I just do n't see it . I have this one for more than six months and I 'll likely be buying another one to improve performance on some other desktops .
 I have three of these cards on three different OS , XP , Vista and Windows 7 . The only problem I had was with Windows 7 , it will not recognise the card as new hardware . This is easily remedied by going to -LSB- ... -RSB- and downloading the driver for windows 7 . You will need a second computer and a memory stick or something similar . As soon as you run the new driver the card is recognised and you can connect to a wireless network immediately . Works great even with a router on a different floor of my house .
 Ordered this card about a month ago for my Windows XP computer . When i first plugged it in , I was getting weird connections with the included software . I would have a connection for about 40 minutes , then the connection would start dropping every 5 seconds despite a solid signal . After some looking , I discovered that the problem wasnt the card , but the software . I recommend installing the RaLink driver and software for this card . I installed them and since then have had absolutely no problem . No dropped connections , great signal , great quality -LRB- surprisingly for the price -RRB- . A couple of weeks ago I upgraded to Windows 7 and followed the same process . The RaLink driver and software installed fine the same way they did on XP and my connections continue to be good -LRB- I 'm pretty picky , because I consider myself a gamer , and I need a solid connection to be able to play -RRB- . One thing I might change about this product is the length of the cord on the antenna . It is a bit short and the only place Ive been able to find to put it is on top of my subwoofer under my desk . Other than that , this is a great card I would recommend to anyone.Of note , I am on the second floor of my house , and the AirPort to our family 's Mac is in the basement . I get about a 75 % signal through two floors.d
 Easy to install ... open case , find an unused PCI slot and insert . Screw antenna lead to adapter , and place little stubby antenna on top of CPU . Load software from CD after bring computer back up . Go to website and download a couple updates . I have this on an older machine running Windows XP and works well enough at a range of about 30 feet from wireless router and through several internal walls . The connection is sufficient for normal use , and have even pulled up a TV show on Internet and this also worked . Not the same as a hardwire connection , but more than adequate for normal use and can not beat the price . Only negative might be a wish that lead from adapter to antenna was a bit longer .
 When I retired my old but still working computer , I thought it would be handy to have it on the home network as a backup . I have absolutely no experience with converting a computer to a wireless networked machine , but I figured that these days , things like that would probably be pretty much plug & play . I read the reviews and ordered this unit . I 'm happy to say that I installed it today -LRB- easy -RRB- , turned on the computer and loaded the software drivers -LRB- easy -RRB- and signed on to the network -LRB- easier -RRB- . The instruction book is not totally forthcoming and detailed as to the steps required , but it 's close enough to intuitively proceed . It would be nice for it to explain in more or less layman 's terms some of the steps and choices -LRB- Ad Hoc vs. ? -RRB- . Like I said , I 'm not experienced in these things but apparently made the correct choices and the card with its cute little antenna works just fine and I now have my wireless backup computer for little cost and no aggravation with the installation . In all ... highly recommended .
 Glad I read the reviews . Saved a bunch not buying from Best Buy . It works fine on an upstairs desktop . Fast connection , no problems on compatability . So far , so good .
 Product shipped very quickly . Installed with no problems on grandson 's computer . Very pleased with this product .
 I purchased this card to connect to my Netgear wireless router . The router is downstairs and my computer is upstairs.I had no trouble at all installing or using the card . It picked up the signal from downstairs very well and I 've not had any problems with disconnections.The card was immediately recognized by Ubuntu 10.04 and I was able to get online right away . This was good because Windows 7 x64 did not recognize the card as well as Ubuntu did.The drivers I needed for Windows 7 were easy to find and install from the Internet , but it was very inconvenient that it did n't work out of the box . It cam with a driver CD , but I could not get these drivers to work . If I had spent more time on it , I may have been able to , but with the card already working in Ubuntu , it was easier to just use Ubuntu to find the appropriate drivers online.Overall , it 's a great card and I 've had a lot of success with it in both Ubuntu and Windows . However , beware that you may need to use another computer to download the drivers for Windows 7 .
 I added this to my windows vista desktop . It seems to work fine . I have been using it for months .
 This card replaced a USB wireless adapter that was a problem . After upgrading a video card , the computer would randomly restart , with the error message identifying the USB wireless driver . A Google search indicated that adapters using this driver were problematic . This card eliminates using a USB interface as it installs , of course , directly on the motherboard . One less are of conflict.The card installed easily both physically and software-wise and functions perfectly . It even includes a low profile mounting bracket if you need that for your case.The separate antenna is nice , but the cord is not too long and if your tower is on the floor , like mine , you may want to consider this extension cable :[ ... -RSB- Using this , I was able to place the antenna where I wanted it.I wish I had gotten this months ago . Price is right and performance is fine .
 I purchased this wireless card based on the reviews . The card installed easily and sees my home wireless signal with a strong signal . I 'm thinking , however , that I could have saved myself a couple hours if I had simply installed the card and let Win XP -LRB- SP3 -RRB- configure it.The Utility included with the card is a waste of time and full of a bunch of needless options . At the most , all you really need is the driver , but good luck finding the driver without the utility.The problem I encountered was getting the software automatically connect to the network on logon , after entering the password key ONCE . Calling MSI tech support was a waste of time.To make a long story short , just go in the system tray , right click on the MSI utility and select Microsoft Zero Configuration . After I discovered this , it worked flawlessly , every time .
 Good but sometime I had to reboot my computer to get it connected with wireless router .
 I have been using this device for a couple of months now . I 've been using it in Windows 7 64bit . The CD that came with it has drivers for only windows XP , and MSI 's website does n't have drivers for win 7 . However ; you can download `` ralink '' drivers for it , or , I read that some people were able to find drivers by getting a hardwire connection first , and making win 7 find drivers on its own . Either way , it does work on win 7 , and it works beautifully . I have not had even one disconnection during my use in the last couple months.The cord for the antenna is quite short , as some people mentioned in their reviews . I wanted to put the antenna on top of my desk , but it only reaches to the top of the computer case.I do get about 10-11Mb / s download speed with it , according to the speed test I did in -LSB- ... -RSB- . If I use hardwire in the same computer , I get about 18Mb/s . Overall , this device is quite a bit less expensive than others , and it does the job well . Of course , I am not sure that if I had one of the other more expensive devices , the download speed would reach up to 18Mb/s - like the wired connection . But , overall I am pretty happy with this device.I gave four stars because the speed is slower than hardwire connection , and although it works with Win 7 , the box -LRB- or product specs -RRB- does n't specify it , and it does n't come with win 7 drivers .
 Works in Windows XP , Vista , 7 , and Ubuntu linux . Installation was painless , and it picks up my wireless router from two rooms away with excellent signal . Nothing much else to say about it , never had to disable ipv6 , change my ssid/WPA , wireless channel , etc , it just worked .
 This installed and set up easily enough -LRB- make sure to chose wireless zero config during install to use the Windows utility -RRB- but it had one issue that I did n't like.I use a non-broadcasting SSID , for security reasons . This card would not connect to it on reboot . When the SSID broadcasts , it connects perfectly each time . Since it 's not enough to make me want to return the card , I turned on SSID broadcast and lengthened the key.Other than that , this is a standard PCI card with normal and half-high backplates . There are LEDs for activity on the back -LRB- which I ca n't see -RRB- and a standard reverse-SMA connector for the antenna . Nothing special here , move along ... UPDATE
 worked quickly out of the box , just as it should be . along with the inexpensive price , and quick delivery , you ca n't beat it .
 This card dropped right into my system and was configured by Windows XP without the need for the driver disc . I was up and running in a few minutes after pulling it out of the box . It connects reliably and appears to be fast enough to watch YouTube videos without drop outs . The price ca n't be beat . I also have an MSI motherboard . I had never heard of MSI before these two purchases but I 'm finding that they produce quality products at reasonable prices .
 This product works really good . My computer is pretty far from any connection , yet it still connects great , and is usually very fast .
 I have an entry-level Dell E520 Dimension that had only a wired NIC installed . We recently added a nice desk to our office and needed to move the PC to the other side of the room . I did n't want to run a CAT5 cable around the entire room to get connectivity so I started shopping around for a wireless NIC . I settled on this one , even though I was unsure if it would work with Vista , but at the price point and after reading a couple of `` it works on Vista '' reviews , I decided to give it a shot . I was pleasantly surprised to find that it DOES work on Vista.NOTE
 I had to go to the MSI website and download a driver for Vista 64 . The CD included with the card did not have a driver for Vista 64 . After installing the driver obtained from MSIs website it has worked like a charm . The router is on the first floor of the house . My computer is on the second floor at the opposite end of the house -LRB- approx . 60 feet -RRB- and I get full bars excellent signal strength .
 The card works fine , but the included configuration utility repeatedly dropped my wireless connection . I started using the Windows XP configuration utility , and it holds the connection much better .
 I had nothing but trouble with the Netgear wireless PCI card -LRB- NETGEAR WG311 Wireless-G PCI Adapter -RRB- that came with my XP PC . It kept locking up my PC at the worst possible times , and nothing I tried , even with the help of Netgear 's tech support , was able to eliminate the problem . An attempted Trendnet replacement -LRB- Trendnet TEW423PI 54Mbps 802.11 g Wireless PCI -RRB- was worse ; I could n't even get any driver to load . In contrast , this MSI Turbo mode wireless PCI card has worked like a charm and with its little separate antenna gets a much better signal from my wireless router . This is an inexpensive wireless PCI card that is compatible with my XP PC system and that instantly resolved my PC 's locking-up problem .
 I bought this because my crappy D-link wireless pci adapter was dying only after about 6 months into use . It was dropping connections every 10 minutes or so . Now after I plug this in , I get at least 4 bars compared to average 2-3 bars i used to get with d-link . I saw some users complain about the short antenna . Yes it is pretty short but long enough to get on top of the computer and that alone can make whole lot of difference . Otherwise spend little more money and get more expensive ones . For this price , this one is a steal . Also to anyone who bought/will buy this item . Do yourself a favor , dont use the crappy driver that comes with it . Go to ralink website and download their reference driver .
 I recently upgraded my old Dell computer to Vista and needed to add a wireless card to it as it was going to be moved away from the main router . This card seemed to have good reviews although I was n't sure if it worked with Vista . But installation was fast and easy , the card was recognized and I was connected to my wifi router in no time at all . I liked that this had a little antennae that you could move up to the top of your desk to get a better signal , but the cord on it is pretty short and really only long enough for it to sit on top of the tower case . Which seems to work fine for me , I have a good strong steady signal and have had no problems at all with this card dropping connections , etc. . Now if I could just get Vista to behave when it comes to networking , I 'd be all set !
 After reading so many positive reviews about this product I decided to give it a try . I have gone through two USB adapters from Netgear , -LRB- old wpn111 & wg111t -RRB- . Both have had heat related problems which caused the connection to drop constantly .1 . InstallThe install was a breeze .2 . CompatibilityWorks with Windows XP 64 Bit , and Windows 7 64 bit beta . Should work with windows Vista but I have not tested it as Vista sucks in my opinionanyways .3 . SpeedLet me tell you , this thing is FAST I mean REALLY REALLY FAST !!! When I downloaded the Windows 7 64bit version I had consistent download speeds of 1.3 mbps . Try achieving that with a USB wireless adapter , I have n't . I was able to achieve maximum connection with this adapter on Comcast internet . The router is in the basement and I am upstairs on the 3rd level and I have max signal strength.Some people give the product 1-3 stars because they do n't know what they were doing or were ranting on about `` service experience '' not the product.That is why you should not believe the 1-3 star reviews.Bottom line , this card is CHEAP , best bang for the buck PCI card , and out performs all other wifi PCI cards and USB adapters on the market .
 The MSI PC60G wireless PCI card works very well , the performance is spectacular , and it is certainly easy on the wallet . Installation was relatively simple on my Windows XP SP3 system , and I was up and running in short order . The only reason this card did n't merit a 5 star rating is due to the following . I thought I 'd share my experience in the event someone else comes across this issue.I use ATT Yahoo! DSL service at home . We have two Desktop computers -LRB- Windows XP SP3 -RRB- and a PlayStation 3 all hooked up via wireless to a fairly new 2WIRE 2701HG-B Gateway -LRB- proved by ATT Yahoo! and with built-in router and wireless access -RRB- . As an extra security layer , I wanted to enable MAC address filtering on the 2WIRE gateway . I realize MAC addresses are easily spoofed , that it 's a low form of security , and that many find MAC address filtering unsafe . I do have WPA2-PSK AES enabled for top-level security.With all that aside , one of the Desktops and the PlayStation 3 connect just fine with MAC filtering enabled . However , the Desktop with the MSI PC60G installed absolutely will not connect . The moment I disable MAC filtering on the 2WIRE , the MSI PC60G connects immediately . I tested the issue with my old D-Link 802.11 b 11Mbs wireless card , and it worked flawlessly.The Desktop 's onboard Ethernet connection has been disabled , so the only available network connection is through the MSI PC60G . And as a result , the only available MAC address belongs to it.Since I was able to use MAC address filtering with my old D-Link card , and because the other Desktop and PS3 work fine with it enabled , I believe the MSI card is the culprit.Still , once again , the card performs very well and I recommend it . I will keep it , but have had to disable MAC address filtering on our home network .
 Installing this wireless card was a breeze . It gets good range and most importantly it is compatible with Vista 64-Bit . The included CD does n't have the Vista 64-Bit drivers , so you have to get them off of MSI 's website . However , they are easy to find and quick to install.Overall , I would recommend this card for anyone having trouble finding a card that is compatible with 64-Bit XP or Vista . So far the card has been well worth the cheap price of $ 24.99 .
 I 've tried several 802.11 g cards from other big-name brands and had problems with all of them , so my expectations for this card were pretty low going in . All I have to say is I was pleasantly surprised by this card and so far it has proven to be the only card that works the way it 's supposed to . A word of advise - do n't waste your time installing the software included with the card ; it 's pretty much useless and does this otherwise perfect piece of hardware disservice by being unusable . It could n't even detect a single network upon scanning , even though Windows could see at least half a dozen of networks available . I ended up uninstalling the software and letting the Windows -LRB- Vista -RRB- do its job ; it detected the card , installed the drivers -LRB- Windows Update also found a newer driver available -RRB- , and I was up and running in no time . It automatically reconnects after rebooting -LRB- which is something the Netgear card , for example , refused to do for some reason , so I had to manually re-connect it every time PC restarted -RRB- . This card has got to be the best kept secret of 802.11 g networking , and I would have gladly paid twice as much for it seeing how well it works .
 I have this card for about 1 month and it works flawlessly.I installed it on my Windows XP PC , followed the instruction , and ... it just worked!My router is about 25 feet and 2 walls away from my PC.So , save your money , do n't buy those expensive big name wireless card.sReally recommend it for Windows XP . I 'm not sure about other platforms .
 I use Ubuntu 7.10 and this product works perfect , unlike the DWL-G510 that I used to have that didnt work . Also fits perfect on windows XP .80 % signal thru 3 concret walls which I think is excellent .
 This `` high performance speaker cable '' comes flat with four strands , which at first seemed strange in that only one strand of wire is needed per connector , thus two per speaker connection . I learned that with type 1 cable , after stripping the ends , you twist two of the four strands together -LRB- each outer strand with the inner strand next to it -RRB- to form two strands from the four . At the end of each twisted pair of strands you generally will want to put a connector -LRB- banana , spade , pin -RRB- rather than screwing the exposed wire ends onto the speaker post directly , which apparently can cause corrosion.Each of the type 1 cable 's four strands of wire is composed of solid -LRB- and not easily bendable -RRB- 16 gauge long-grain copper , this as opposed to traditional speaker wire composed of hundreds of tiny multiple strands of `` oxygen free '' copper . Through joining two solid copper pieces each 16 gauge the conductivity seems to be much greater than higher gauge -LRB- 12 or 14 -RRB- traditional speaker wire . In addition , the box the type 1 cable comes in says that
 Each speaker cable run contains four -LRB- 4 -RRB- wires.the wires with the stripped markings twist togther to form one wire & are terminated to the black speaker connections.the wires w / no marks are twisted toghter to form one wire & are terminated to the red speaker connection.the wires themselves are thinner than I had hoped for . But the solid wire should produce a better overall sound than multi strand wires .
 I was never sold on braided uber-expensive brandname cable . Replaced my old smaller RadioShack solid copper wire -LRB- which sounded okay -RRB- with this . Noticeable improvement in clarity , maybe a little brighter . Be sure to denude 1/2 inch of each copper element , twist these together , than affix to one speaker connection . I use bare wire without terminations . Save your money and try these first .
 First off , yeah it is hard to twist the wires together . I suggest stripping it a little long and then cutting the end off -LRB- because the end is the hardest part to twist . -RRB- I was scepticle when I bought this product . I could n't find any real proof solid or stranded speaker wire was better . With my understanding of electricity I figured it should offer slightly better sound quality even if it was n't noticeable . I needed to upgrade from some old 18awg Scosche stranded speaker wire anyway when i bought 2 Klipsch Reference RF-62 speakers -LRB- bi-amped -RRB- to go with my Pioneer 1021-k AVR . I hooked up one speaker with the Audioquest wire and tried to hear a difference , but no difference was apparent . I decided to find a program to balance the left and right speakers . I played around listening to quite a few different songs of different genres switching between speakers and concluded that , even though not enormous , the Audioquest wire did sound clearer -LRB- less muddy -RRB- with bit better bass -LRB- clearer not just more of it . -RRB- After a while I could n't even stand listening to the old wire anymore . Definately worth the $ 30 investment , although I probably wo n't spend the money to run it to my rear surround speakers when I buy them ... Eh maybe I will . I 'm kinda addicted to this audiophile stuff . Extremely happy with both the AVR and speakers btw , Kipsch for president ! Oh wait ...
 Good technical review D Train , but I would like to share my experience with them and point out that perhaps you SHOULD NOT terminate these with banana plugs.I bought some of this speaker cable from a hi-end audio dealers for about $ 2.50 / ft -LRB- with curious skepticism , since the dealer described a demo where an average speaker was hooked up with an average boombox with average speaker wire and then replaced with the ` AudioQuest Type 1 ' and there was supposedly a vast sound difference -RRB- . At home , I twisted the wire and hooked up between my speakers and receiver . The installation was a little difficult because of the thickness and solidarity of the 2 strand wire . At first , I would describe the sound as completely lacking from the midbass up to about the middle of the treble range , with very suppressed mid-range -LRB- vocals -RRB- BUT after about 12 hours of playing time , I noticed the sound began to change with the range of attenuation decreasing until at about 25 hours , they started to sound quite good , with the mid-range almost completely balanced to the rest of the spectrum . Soon after , I can say the sound difference was a world of difference better than my older standard quality 14 gauge speaker wires . I had not experience sound this good from my home system before.Later , I decided to terminate both ends of the wire with high quality copper banana plugs so that in the future , it would be easier to connect and disconnect the wires . After doing this , the sound no longer had the awe-inspiring quality that they did , but still sound great with no discernible shortcoming -LRB- IMO -RRB- . If you have this wire and have terminated the ends with banana plugs , it may be worth while to remove them if your receive and speakers will fit the bare wire in them . The sound quality of the wire may amaze you .
 I use this on my Mirage OMD -15 , since the speaker has 4 post on the speaker and suggest bi-wiring I needed something that would be able to be run into the same plug into the receiver and all four plugs into the speaker while not splitting the wire . Even though I am not running over long distances I like the fact that I can run 4 16 gauge AWG solid copper wires out of 2 plugs .
 I have purchased several items from AudioQuest now and I have have not been disappointed with any of them ! I used these for the front and center channels of my 7.1 surround system as a replacement for the Monster Cable speaker wire I had been using . I noticed a huge improvement in clarity right away > The wire is very stiff due to the solid copper wire but that actually has some advantages in manipulating the wire . I am very pleased at the price to quality ratio of this wire and I hope it holds up for many years .
 I had bought a HP 1020 to replace my old HP 895cse . I had run my 895cse through a Netgear USB print server . After buying the 1020 I found out that it was not compatible with USB print servers . I tried it on the Netgear and a Linksys product and both became unavailable after powering up the printer . You could see the print server until the printer was powered up and then the print server was unreachable.I was impressed with the 1020 so I wanted to stay with the printer but without the ability to network it was not usefull . I looked into network printer options and came across the 1022N . Basically the same printer as the 1020 with more memory , more pages per minute , and a built in 10/100 print server.The printer is very compact , is well built , and setup on the network was a snap . The printer is a little pricey but for a nice home network laser printer it 's not too bad.I would recommend it for anyone looking for a nice home printer that allows for easy networking .
 This printer took all of 8 minutes to install . Plugged it into my Linksys WRT54G 10/100 port and ran the software on my Win2K PC . Software installed , printer found on the network , and test page printed in less than 8 secs ! HP has a good support page for the printer with links to software , firmware , and drivers . Hold down the GO button for 5 secs and the printer prints a configuration page with current firmware level and default settings . Printer properties can be adjusted easily through the Operating system printer properties page or through the 1022n 's web page hosted through its internal server . You can reach it by browsing to its IP address on your local network . I have n't seen the problem with it losing connectivity on the network yet and it has been up for about 2 days . I will update if I run into the problem . The printer can also function on your network with a preset IP address instead of getting one from your router/gateway . This may enable it to stay connected more consistently . Just a thought ... -LSB- update 7-2-07 -RSB- So far , I have had no problems with the printer . It is stable on the network and I can print from a variety of computers connected to my wireless router . It is nice not having to have a dedicated computer as a print server . It has been almost a month since I bought it and my inkjet would have been out of ink by now . :-RRB- -LSB- update 3-17-08 -RSB- This workhorse is still going strong . In economode , the cartridge lasts pretty long . I just changed the cartridge last month , but I stuck to HP branded toner . Let us know if you 've had good experience with other refills .
 The HP LaserJet printers have been good to me over the years - first a 2 , then a 3 , then a 4p , a 5 , a 6p , a color LaserJet 4500N , and now a 1022n . Out of the box , the 1022n is much faster than the older printers , even after I added memory to many of the older models . It 's a bit louder as well , but the additional speed is worth it . The paper tray is much easier to manage in the 1022n . It could n't have been easier to hook up - good riddance to the parallel port connection . I do n't know how you can do better than HP LaserJets !
 I bought this for the office and it prints and networks well . I also have a 1020 and it does not work well with a Linksys print server . The 1022N has a built-in server that will work in our Windows environment .
 it is a very good printer I give it only 4 star becauce if I want to print more than on page on a row it has long delay between pages , it prints fast
 Bomb proof , easy to set up and use printer . Should have made this forever.Why do I have to add more words once I 'm done reviewing ?
 This printer never installed without using the setup disk . It will not install on Windows 7 and HP has not yet provided a driver even though Windows 7 is officially released . In general HP is so far removed from the company it used to be 20-30 years ago . Excepting for some models of printers their product quality is terrible . HP Support via their web pages is horrifically bad . For example , you ca n't get the right drivers from their support website and so if you do n't have the original driver disk you are SOL . The 1022n is a good printer when and if you have driver support . It is worth noting -LRB- hp are you listening ? -RRB- that this is the ONLY HP product I 've purchased in the last 10 years that I have n't returned . I would return this printer now if I could -LRB- ca n't use it without drivers -RRB- , but ca n't since it is well beyond the return period . I wo n't purchase HP products anymore !
 I have the printer for a couple of years and could n't be more happy about it . The speed , the toner life , the print quality , just have nothing bad to say about it . Buy this one and I think you wo n't regret it.Current price of $ 800 is too high though . I think you can get one for $ 120 in other place .
 I was a bit concerned about my first network device but this one was just plug and go . Worked first try and we now have a silent -LRB- it 's not in my office -RRB- fast , reliable printer .
 I had this printer working within minutes of opening the box . Very fast with quality print . An excellent value .
 I was skeptical about purchasing this printer because of the price . I am a HP fan and use this brand at work and home . The printer quality is excellent . The printer can be networked or used as a stand alone . The printer also has the capability to print on both sides without the need of a duplexing unit . Great Buy !
 This printer is simple to set up and prints quickly . It has the all in one toner cartridge which I have found refurbished for under $ 40 , not that I 've needed a refill after 3 months . It works with Vista which is a consideration if you have a new computer as Vista has issues with a lot of components . Overall a solid printer .
 I really have enjoyed this new printer and I 'm looking forward to using it for months before I have to replace the cartridge ! If you do n't need a color printer and you want something that just goes and goes this is for you .
 This is the best printer I 've ever had ... and I 've thrown away lots of printers . It seems to go through a mountain of paper on one load of toner . Very fast and I like the way the paper comes out toasty warm . I 've had mine for about four years and it still sells for about what I paid ; proof to me that it 's a solid value .
 The 1020 is fast , quiet , dependable and does n't gobble gallons of ink like the new ink jets . I have given up using my photo quality ink jet printer in favor of this one unless we specifically need something in color .
 I am a faithful HP customer when it comes to printers . I have owned an HP printer since 1995 and it finally died on me in June 2007 . I think you can say I got my monies worth . I searched on line to find a small printer for a home business and was impressed with finding this printer for under $ 100 dollars delivered to my door !!! I have had it about a month so far and it is incredible . I 'm use to my old printer that took about 10 secs before one piece of paper came out and with this new one I can get 4 or 5 pages out in the same timeframe . I 'm extremely excited and pleased with my new printer and hope to have this one for a long time .
 I have had this printer at work for some time now , and just bought a second one for home . Having had other laserjets in the past , I am very happy with this one - quick to set up straight out of the box , and a fantastic printing speed .
 I bought this to replace my original HP 4L Laser jet after 15 years . This seems to do a great job so far , much faster downloads and clean print , BUT BEWARE ... . IT DOES NOT COME WITH A USB CORD TO CONNECT , so if the printer your replacing has the old stle connecter -LRB- as mine did -RRB- be ready to spend another $ 35.00 for a usb cord . That is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars .
 Should have purchased this printer long ago . It is compact , performs great and does not require the high cost of constantly having to buy ink-jet cartridges . I highly recommend this printer to anyone who works from home and needs a reliable , affordable printer to `` get the job done '' !
 This little printer prints fast and clearly . I always thought a laser printer would be out of reach for me , cost-wise , but Amazon 's price was quite reasonable -LRB- in fact it 's still the lowest I 've seen , a month later -RRB- . Most of the things I print are in b & w anyway and I love not having to wait while my inkjet printer grinds out a page . I recommend this printer wholeheartedly .
 I have been using this printer at work for a couple of years and it has always been fast and reliable , especially considering its compact size . When I decided to buy a laser printer for our home I read some reviews but decided to stay with what has proved to be a great printer . It is easy to install and I expect to have years of use from it .
 During the past 2 years I 've gone through 2 inkjet printers . One was a Canon that could never print an entire page aligned . It took me till after my warranty was out to realized that it was n't me , it was the printer . Sadly , the other was the HP5650 , which had terrible software issues and finally started misfeeding the paper . I did n't know what I was going to do for my next printer.I finally came to my senses and realized that since I hardly ever use color , I should start looking at LaserJets . Much to my surprise , I found this one for less than many of the photo-capable InkJets . Unfortunately , my computer became a little fussy during setup , but after that , it 's worked like a charm.The pages come out extremely fast , the print is crisp and dark , and it 's not too loud . None of the `` cajunk , cajunk '' sound you get with the ink jets either . Also , the footprint is smaller than the HP inkjet I am now going to smash to bits . It 's like a little chunk on my desktop instead of a big long log ! What more could you ask?I still think HP is a cheap , crappy company for making us buy our own USB cables , and for not supplying a manual , but until Canon and Epson get up to speed on reliability , I 'll stay with HP anyway.June 2006 addition -- YES there IS a problem with this thing curling the paper . The lasers get the paper warm and then there are 2 plastic tabs the paper passes by on its way out , and they curl the paper . Downgrade this rating a full star !! This does n't happen on my friend 's older business HP laser model!I ordered this from Amazon for $ 130 after the discount for getting their credit card , of course with free shipping . I am extremely pleased with this printer all the way around
 I 've had the 1012 for years and it is a solid work horse printer . No problems at all and I 've banged it around a bit while travelling.The 1020 is about the same size , a little lighter , faster ! and is built rock-solid just like the 1012 . No complaints - I love these low-end HP laserjets - they 're small , reliable and cheap .
 Had the printer for a while . It is very fast , high quality , and was quite cheap . It is easy to load paper etc.As with most printers these days you kinda wish there were more status lights or buttons to get it to do things , but hey , that 's why its cheap.The primary problem I 've had is trying to get this printer to work through a print server . I have tried USB print servers from both LinkSys and Netgear with no luck . Sounds like the printer relies heavily on the Windows driver to function , which means it wo n't work with other OS 's like Linux . Perhaps as a result I never got it working with any of the various print servers I tried , even after numerous swaps , time on tech support hold , upgrades to the firmware in my router , etc etc.As long as you hook it up via USB , perhaps even a long USB cable -LRB- I 've seen them up to 15 feet or so -RRB- it seems to work just fine .
 UPDATE : July 22 , 2007
 This is a small bodied laser printer which `` flies '' and is a cost saver for the everyday text printing that needs no fancy color etc. . Very happy , easy to use , easy to install , cartridges life makes for inexpensive running . Perfect for the student , home office and personal use . A good looking unit .
 Outstanding value , easy to set up and delivery was excellent.Very satisfied with the printer and the quality .
 This replaced a huge HP LaserJet 4 Plus from 1994 . The 1020 is a fourth the size , but faster and with better print . My only complaint is the handling of envelopes
 I ordered mine reconditioned around a year ago , and I 'm amazed at how good this little machine has been . I feed it LARGE QUANTIiTIES of recycled , torn , punched , and odd-sized paper , and the worst that has happened has been an error message , easily dealt-with . But 99 % of the time it works like a charm , with crisp text and fast thru-put . This is on a Mac , and I had no trouble setting it up . Windows users would find it even easier . It prints amazing numbers of pages per ink cartridge ; I get after-market cartridges for around $ 60 at Quill . This is a trooper of a printer ; I would buy it for a workgroup too .
 This was an inexpensive and high enough quality printer for use at home . There are several to choose from including some that are cheaper , but this one is a good compromise for slightly more money than the lower end printers .
 Been using this printer for about 6 months and love it . Got tired of replacing the color ink cartriges in inkjet printers to make them print monochrome . This printer is a lot faster than inkjets anyway , both warmup and print speed . Ink cost works out just over 3 cents a copy using HP toner cartriges . Had no trouble setting up on XP desktop .
 My 12-year old HP LaserJet 4L finally died after years of good service . Based on that experience , I replaced it with the HP LaserJet 1020 . The setup was easy and the prints are crisp and clear . As expected , it is much faster than the 4L , to the point is prints as soon as I his the print button .
 I have had my HP Laserjet 1020 for about a month now . This printer was easy to setup out of the box . I had no problems installing the printer or the software on my Win2000 machine . Instructions running from the CD in the drive were clear and easy to follow . This printer is attached to an older computer from which I do n't print things every day ; but so far I have had no issues with the printer . The only thing that might bother some is that the printer does NOT come with a paper manual only an electronic version on the CD .
 A great product for the money . Easy to install and thr cartridge lasts forevever . I have one at home and another at my office
 i just duel booted my lappy with xp and vista , -LRB- 6-15-07 -RRB- , and as long as you use the cd that comes with it to install it and then plug it in when it asks , it will work perfectly . i hope this helps with any vista compatability issues , and good luck.this printer is GREAT !!!
 I thank everyone who wrote in before me to explain how great this inexpensive little laser jet printer is and especially to the Mac people who wrote in about how to use the 1022 driver to work it . I did what they said -- the driver was easily found on the HP website . I was grateful to the posting that said that the printer must be plugged in first before asking the set up application to add it.A laser printer is so much better than an ink-jet . It is fast and never seems to strain overdoing large print jobs . I , also had to copy the PDF manual from the HP website as it was n't included in the box .
 I had been tipped off by a professional friend of mine that he has 5 of these HP 1020s in use in his accounting business . He claims other printers have failed him but this model has withstood heavy use . That was sufficient recommendation for me - but you know what ? He is correct ! I 'm quite happy with mine and rate it high for quality and value !
 I bought this printer Winter term of 2006 . I have gone through 2 cartridges since getting it . Factor
 The HP LaserJet 1020 is a simple printer . It prints black and white and 1-sided . It does this very well though . It can also handle envelopes very well . I bought this printer at the beginning of high school and did n't have to replace the toner until have way through college . I have never had an issue with the printer , I even got it to work with Mac OS X -LRB- This did take some digging around the internet though -RRB- . My only concern is that the printer does n't appear to be in production anymore . It looks like new ones are selling for close to $ 400 . I would recommend picking up a used one , it looks like they are going for close to $ 90 , which is roughly what these printers originally had cost . It is a solid machine . It does n't do anything fancy , but it works very well . If you are looking for a basic printer , you ca n't go wrong with the LaserJet 1020 .
 I ca n't speak for newer HP products it seems like the quality has dived . I originally purchased this printer in 2006 to print college papers . Now we have put some heavy use into this . It has been through , college papers , resumes and everything in between . Even printing invitations and programs for 3 weddings ON THE SAME TONER !!! I have never changed the toner in this and it 's still going strong ! I 've used this both on PC and MAC . It look a little bit to get the MAC drivers to work but it 's working great . My company recommends HP printers exclusively for our clients so we 've seen some garbage that has been produced . Some of the newer models only use the UPD and those never seem to work right . For the age and price this is a must buy .
 HP makes good laser printers . I was not disappointed by this model
 Have had it for about 2-3 years now . Had bought it on sale for about $ 100 . I love it . It 's simple to use , one of the fastest printer I 've come across , good quality print jobs , small , and light . I had finally ran out of toner after my bajillion print job and felt the toner was too expensive so I went and bought the non hp toner . It works just as well and about 1/10 the price . I bought 3 toners for $ 40 -LRB- what the fudge ??? -RRB- It 's been already 6 months on my first non HP toner , and I 've already printed over 500 sheets . If I had to buy a printer all over again for simple print jobs -LRB- 1 sided , black and white -RRB- , it would still be this one . You ca n't go wrong . Paper has not jammed on me once , no ink smearing -LRB- not until the toner finally ran out of ink -RRB- , no stupid unnecessary printer notifications/malware .
 I bought this product in late 2004 . Still using it today as my main printer . I am a heavy printer , going through toner cartridges every month or two . The only drawback I have had with this machine , is it does not like card stock . Items like 110lb paper and laser business cards tend to start jamming . I think this is probably more becoming a problem now that the machine is 7 years old . regular paper still works great , and in the past I used 110lb paper without issue.For a lesser expensive printer -LRB- Paid $ 130 at office depot originally -RRB- - I must say this has held up quite well , and shows why HP laser printers are rated so highly . Once I leaned how to insert paper properly , double feeding to print 2-sided sheets was not that much of a problem . It does not print two sided on its own , you have to re-feed sheets . Also normal laser printers tend to jam if you re-use paper that was fed through once already . This printer , I never had that problem . Because we had such a high problem of not being able to re-use blank sheets at work , I used to get all my paper for free and use it on this printer.It 's small and compact size has let me put this printer on a bookshelf , tuck it away in a cabinet , or on a lower desk shelf - freeing up space on the top of desk . You ca n't to that with larger printers.If you are looking for a printer that will last you a long time . Pick this one up . Many are still forr-sale on eBay or here .
 This is a nice , compact laser printer . If you need something for routine B&W printing , this printer will do the job . I acquired it second hand from a friend , and it has worked really well . I bought an after-market toner from Amazon for $ 20.00 and it has already gone at least 500 pages . The quality is good for documents and emails , which is primarily what I use it for . It is not super quiet and it is not super fast , but I use it at home to print between 25 and 100 pages per week and it works very well !
 I 've had mine for at least 4 years of casaul printing . Has n't needed a replacement cartridge yet . Really gets the pages moving quickly and does n't take up much space . I highly recommend it !
 Would not sell for 300 even though bought for 80 because this printer is amazing ! I have used for maybe 3 years and only replaced the ink cartridge once and print all the time . Quality Prints , Quiet and Nearly Instant prints . What else could you want?IFind one of these . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've had this for about one month now . So far so good . I 've printed probably 200 pages with it and have had no problems . I wo n't give it better than four stars at this point since it has n't really been tested . Time will tell if 4 stars was too generous ... or not enough .
 its not a bad printer but after printing about 3 mins later it would make a sound as if it were going to print again it comes out of the blue and sometimes startles me other than that its a good printerspeed wise-i cant really say much because i dont printer alot at a time
 nice printer , good DPI . does n't have the bells and whistles of a more procy printer like color or automatic printing on both sides . It meets everything it claims though .
 The Canon Laser Jet is easy to install and produce the pictures you need . The footprint is small and so can fit in most available spaces . Very pleased with this product .
 I have the predecessor of this printer , the HP 1010 and never have I had a more reliable printer . I have had it for three years now and day after day it churns out prints that are always consistently excellent in quality . Furthermore for a while it was in a very dusty environment but despite making some strange noises it never faltered.If the 1020 is anything like the 1010 I can strongly recommend it .
 Well made and nice text output . The only criticism I have of this printer is the paper tray . While these have a very small footprint , to load paper , you need to open the tray which sticks out and takes up more space the tray stays open as long as you need to print . Also the paper is exposed , so its subject to curling , fading , etc. . Not big issues , but my personal preference is a drawer style . Overall a great printer . Got a great deal on it at Amazon .
 I 've had this printer going for the last 3 weeks , and printing 5 to 15 pages a day . Yes it works , and works well ! I would order this printer again .
 This printer is the best computer peripheral I have ever bought . It 's been 6 months since my purchase . I have printed hundreds of pages . It works flawlessly . Printing quality is 99.9999 / 100 . It starts printing just when you press the print button of your application . It still uses its original cartridge . Installation was very easy . It 's elegant . Its small size lets it fit everywhere . In short , it 's a winner .
 This printer is a bit noisy , but otherwise works well . A good price/value relationship .
 I purchased this printer for our law office . While it is a nice printer , it DOES NOT function with WordPerfect , which is the word processor we use . Nor was this problem mentioned in any review I came across . -LSB- Edited to add that I did find a work around
 I 've had this printer for over 3 years and have been extremely satisfied with its performance . I have had other problematic printers -- jamming , smudging , general lack of cooperation with my computer software -- and this printer has not given me any of those problems . I do a LOT of printing as a graduate student in the social science field , and have been pleasantly surprised by how long the cartridge lasts me.I would buy this printer again today , recommend it to family members and all my friends .
 I have owned laserjet printers before in the past but this printer here by far is one of the best investments I have made in the year 2008 .
 It was time to replace my aging inkjet which was never suited for high volume output . I looked at all the low cost laser printers on the market but they all had negatives . Many were noisy and/or slow in printing the first page . The cartridges often cost more than the new printer!After reading all the reviews , I finally settled on the HP 1020 and have found it to be perfect for my use . First of all , it 's quiet . The only noise is when it 's actually printing and even then it 's quieter than the usual laser hum . The first page completes printing in 11 seconds -LRB- from clicking on the print icon to when the bottom edge of the printed page clears the printer -RRB- . The type itself is well formed with no evidence of jagged edges even at 5x magnification . A replacement cartridge was $ 70 but I 've been using the one supplied with the printer for the past month -LRB- several hundred pages so far -RRB- with no indications of low toner.You do have to supply your own USB cable but that seems to be the norm anymore . Hook up to the computer went without a hitch after pre-loading the software driver supplied by HP . I was up and printing in less than 10 minutes , including unpacking the printer.HP certainly knows how to make laser printers .
 I got the Laserjet 1020 printer for my father ; I decided it was time for him to upgrade to a laser printer from his slow as molasses Officejet ink printer . I selected the 1020 because of the superior reliability and quality of HPs and the great reviews this particular model received . Not to mention , I have owned a HP Laserjet 6L printer since 1998 and it is still churning out print jobs , albeit it squeaks a bit now , but it 's still doing its thing with precision and speed . So I figured if HP can make a printer that can last almost 10 years so far , with HEAVY printing , then I better stick with them . My 6L got me through thousands of pages of law school research/writing , and years well beyond.The 1020 is extremely fast and has exceptional print quality . Hit print and it is printing with hardly any delay in between . -LRB- Note
 I bought this printer in mid October , and it is much better than I thought it would be . I am used to using inkjet printers and with this printer 15 pages per minute really is 15 pages per minute . It does a great job on text and graphics and does a much better and quicker job on envelopes than any inkjet printer I have ever used . The by-pass tray could n't be easier to use . Changing paper is easy because it is right up front and installation was a breeze . Small , quick and quiet . -LRB- Updated in late February -RRB- I wanted to speak to the review from the reviewer who said this printer requires a proprietary printer cable . It does n't . It uses a standard USB A-B printer cable and supports USB 2.0 . No printers in this price range I am aware of are shipping with printer cables unless they are sold through club stores -LRB- Costco , Sam 's Club , etc. -RRB- It is also NOT true that it ships with a half full toner cartridge . It ships with a full cartridge with the same amount of toner as the replacement cartridges . One of its competitors -LRB- Samsung -RRB- in this price range does ship with a `` short '' cartridge and notes that on the box of their printer.I am still extremely happy with this printer it does more than I expected at this price .
 Went out and got one of these from Staples -LRB- an Amazon partner ahem -RRB- on special for ninety nine bucks . For that , it 's a great deal . I use it on my computer running Ubuntu Linux -LRB- Dapper Drake 6.02 -RRB- and it works great . Had to figure out how to use foo2zjs -LRB- foo2zjs dot rkkda dot com has the perfect workable answer to installation ... I donated a few dollars for the help -RRB- , but once you follow the instructions and load that all-important firmware , you are in business , even allowing you to set the printer to toner-saver mode , etc.We also use tonerrefillkits dot com extensively and just refill the cartrdige over and over until the head starts wearing . By then we have saved tons of money using a refilled laser printer vs. buying the cartridges or god forbid using a color inkjet -LRB- eek expensive -RRB- . Good stuff , love HP , thanks !
 I adore this printer . I got it to replace the HP LaserJet 4P , which replaced my HP LaserJet II . It is fast . I rarely jams . When it jams , it tells you what to do to unjam it . It is small . It is quiet . I 'm a writer and print a lot of pages , and this puppy does the job far better than its predecessors .
 This printer far exceeded my expectation , virtually no warm-up time , and I 've never seen a cleaner print , also handles envelopes without wrinkling . Some complain about the sheet capacity , it 's a non-issue for home use . It does have less memory than many models , but this has cause no problems at all , even when printing photos . Although there is no ethernet support , I have 4 computers connected through windows networking , and that works flawlessly , as long as the main computer is on.Some complain that when it runs out of paper , it will start the job from the beginning when new paper is added , this is not the case with my unit . There is no cancel job button on the printer , but it 's a laser under $ 150 , I do n't think that is a reasonable expectation . Pictures are n't photo quality , but they 're about as good as it gets for laser printers . The only real con with this printer is that you ca n't legitimately refill the toner , however none of the lasers in this category can be legitimately refilled , and the cost per page is pretty good with this unit.I would recommend this printer to anyone , it is worthy of the praise
 I bought this printer in October 2005 , after my husband 's old HP Laserjet 4L , which he 'd had for 12 years , finally died in the middle of a fairly large print job . We needed something reliable that would survive printing at times up to hundreds of pages per day , but that would not break our budget . After reading some reviews and looking around , we bought this HP , and we have been completely satisfied with it . Hooking it up was easy , its relatively small footprint made it a good fit in our already-overcrowded study , and the print quality is excellent . While the 1020 's pages per minute -LRB- 15 -RRB- is somewhat slow compared to other laser printers currently on the market , I 've been more than satisfied with this printer 's output -LRB- it seems lightening fast compared to the 4 ppm of the old 4L -RRB- . I have only two complaints . The first is that the USB cable needed to connect the printer to the computer is not included ; you have to buy that separately -LRB- mine cost around $ 20 -RRB- . The second , and this is very minor , is that , unlike our old printer , the 1020 does not power up on its own when you hit `` print '' and does not power down when the job is finished ; you have to use the on-off switch on the back . But that 's a very minor complaint . Overall , we 've been very satisfied with this printer .
 I bought the Laserjet 1020 needing a second printer . I have a 1012 already , and my only complaint is that it produces warped printouts . But I like that it 's fast , quiet , and Mac-friendly . The 1020 is all of the above , and it does n't bend the pages . Just download the 1022 Mac driver from hp to get it running . I 'm thinking of replacing the 1012 now with another 1020 . Two thumbs up .
 Quiet , reliable , and fast . Highly recommended for the price.My old laser printer was quite an antique . I paid megabucks for it and finally it died after 8 years of service . I was immediately impressed by the price of this HP printer . When it arrived , I was impressed with how easy it was to hook up with USB-2 and Windows XP . Then it networked effortlessly to my girlfriend 's computer , something I could never get my old printer to do . Finally it delivered fast and clean printouts . If you need color , this printer is not for you , but if you just want nice reliable black and white prints , that wo n't run when you drip water on them , this may be the nicely priced printer for you . I 'm waiting to see how long one toner cartridge lasts , but if my old printer is any indication , I hope that it to lasts over a year.I agree with the poster about HP not providing USB cables . Kinda chincy , but in my case , I have about 6 of these in the attic and its nice to get use one of them and not pay a higher price for an included one that I do n't need.Update
 I have a home office that is used by 5 people , 3 of whom are teenagers who require printing for school assignments , university work , flyers and newsletters . I have had 2 ink-jet printers in the past and was able to keep the cost down by refilling the black ink myself . Somehow , the quality was never quite the same after refilling despite what the bulk ink salespeople say.I have a HP LaserJet 1300 at work and am very impressed with its performance . So it was time to give a laser printer a go at home as the overall cost per page is significantly less than ink . At the time of purchase there were several models on sale and after reading the reviews on the net , the range was narrowed down to either the Samsung ML 1610 or a HP LaserJet 1020 . The Samsung came with a free toner cartridge which clinched the deal as this would have made the cost of ownership significantly cheaper than the HP . However , as soon as the Samsung was set up , I realized this was not the machine for me . Most of our work involves a combination of text with some form of small graphics/photos included on the page . The text was clear enough however , the graphics/photos were too light with insufficient contrast . Even after selecting a darker print mode they were not good enough . So the Samsung went back and was exchanged for the other choice , a HP LaserJet 1020 . I am very happy with this machine . The HP LaserJet 1020 does everything so well . The text is bold and clear , the printing speed is good , the startup time is short , the machine is very quiet , it has a small footprint on the desk and graphics/photos have sufficient contrast . I have had the HP LaserJet 1020 for about a month now and it meets my expectations for a home office machine and I therefore recommend it to anyone who needs a small laser printer for the home or small office .
 This is my 3rd HP printer . Each one has been better than the last . They are all still working and the toner cartridges last forever -LRB- at least they just seem to -RRB- . I would never consider buying any other brand of printer again , ever !
 This seems to be a pretty good printer so far . I have only had it a couple of weeks . The only complaint so far , is that it prints very slowly . But , what do you want for the price ? All in all , I think it was a pretty good value for the money .
 Well designed , works as a charm , fast and clear prints . Good value for the price .
 This printer was a gift for my son at college . He was very pleased with the speed and quality . Those were selling points for me as well as cheaper ink cartridges than others we were considering - and being HP the ink will be readily available .
 I work out of my home and just needed a good old-fashioned , fast , B/W printer . This printer spits out pages at a very fast pace , it prints clearly , the toner lasts a long time and -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- it has not jammed in the year I have owned it ! The only draw back is I ca n't figure out how to make it print labels on envelopes . -LRB- Which could be user error -RRB- .
 It is a great printer . I first bought one for my office , then bought one for home .
 I have several similar HP Laserjet printers at work and purchased them at Office Depot or Office Max for $ 150-170 so this was a great buy at $ 99 with free shipping . I received it within 48 hours which was totlally unexpected since I was told that with the free shipping , it would not go out for about a week .
 This is my first time getting laser printer . And HP Laserjet 1020 was great choice ! I just received it today . Little worried about getting it so cheap . However , it works great . It only took about 5 seconds to print the first page out.The only thing I had hard time on was to install it . I did n't know the manual guide was in the CD . You 'll have to put cd in first to get started.Otherwise , it 's very reliable , comfortable and good!I love this printer !
 At 99 bucks , it costs not much more than the toner cartridge.It 's more than 4 times as fast as the HP 4P I paid 999 bucks for back around circa 1990 or so . The 4P lasted over 15 years . This 1020 is not built likt a tank , whereas the 4P might have been able to withstand a nuclear blast at ground zero.However , the 1020 is tiny in comparison , and I printed a 34 page document using the manual duplex feature of the printer driver in less than 10 minutes , including the time it took to follow the printer driver 's directions in flipping the paper over . I was astonished that such a low priced laser was pushing a new page out every 4 seconds . -LRB- All text , by the way , no graphics whatsoever in that document.When I first set the 1020 up , I was near ready to toss it out in the dumpster as the long print jobs were failing . However , I tried a new USB cable -LRB- less than 3 bucks at the grocery store ! go figure ... -RRB- and just finished 3 30 + page documents without a hitch . The new cable is a lot snugger than the old one was and it obviously made a difference.I 'd highly recommend this printer if you have a need to print a lot of b & w ; documents . The feed reliability seems to be very good , the manual duplex feature works great , and it is scads cheaper than burning up those inkjet cartridges for non-color documents . Plus , the ink does n't smear ! : -RRB-
 The printer arrived quickly and works great.I am 100 % happy with my purchase .
 I have bought this printer for my personal use at home.It is good and reliable printer for the price.Somehow , it arrived with software instalation CD in a forein language which was a big inconvenience.The white color chose by manufacturer is a questionable . It is a white spot in a room and I bet for many households it can be a problem.Also , lack of any controls buttons is inconvenient to restart a job even after paper reload .
 This is a small foot print and highly functional printer . It was a bit confusing to set up but I have not had any problems with it ; I have used it everyday since the end of June .
 -LRB- UPDATE -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- I have now had this printer for the entire 21/2 duration of my master 's degree schooling . I printed hundreds of papers , powerpoint slides , articles , emails , etc. and never had a problem with it . I can not say exactly how much I printed but it has easily been over 2,500 pages easy before I had to install a new ink cartridge . It has been wonderful for text . I ca n't imagine what else you would use a monochrome laser printer for but I vouch for the quality and sharpness of text . Great printer and unless color laserjets cartidges drop drastically in price in the near future , I would buy this one again withouth any hesitation . -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Original
 This printer is excellent , I had this one for more than 3 year now , I use it a lot and my wife is a teacher , so , she use it more than me . The quality of the printer is excellent , is literally fast compare with any other brand that will cost more.The only cons for this is the toners , those could be expensive -LRB- if you compare those with the printer price -RRB- if you buy original HP product . Now , I 've found some toner packages -LRB- here in Amazon and ebay -RRB- for more than a half of the HP brand and worked very well , you wo n't notice the different , just have to sit down and do some searching .
 Just needed a simple printer to work with my remote computer . The printers at my office are not the most current , but this matched what they had so it works well for me . Price was great .
 This refurbushed printer was like new . Received within a few days , installed and printed with out any issues . Great printer that will lastus for years with proper maintenance .
 This was a replacement for the same printer I have been using for 51/2 years . It has performed well and I 'm looking forward to this new one to do the same . Great printer !
 I could n't be happier with this printer . I 'm a writer and a writer who does n't particularly like reading off a computer screen . I ca n't see the flow , and make easy notes , or get an overall vibe of the thing while reading off a screen.Plus , I 'm also starting a PhD program in the next month and so printing is a necessity.I do n't need the absolute fastest , and I do n't need the absolute best quality . What I need is a solid , laser printer that fits into my decidedly narrow budget.This fit perfectly and it works perfectly as well.I 'm very pleased .
 Bought this printer back in July when our old , problematic Cannon died . So far , it 's done well , with no problems . It prints well , does everything it needs to do . No frills , but who cares ? It 's a solid , basic - well priced - bit of hardware .
 Highly recommended . Most people can live without a color printer for everyday printing . This laser printer is much faster and provides better quality printing than inkjet printers . I has spending way to much money buying replacement ink cartridges for my old printer . Very happy I switched to a laser printer .
 Printer is of solid construction , works great , and is plenty fast for my personal business/home needs .
 Perfect for home or small home office use . Easy to set up , fast , very affordable.Only complaints are minor . It should include a usb cable -LRB- although that would raise the price a hair -RRB- and though I am a dinosaur I know , some sort of owners ' manual would be nice . The CD was easy to use and I have had many printers in my life but I like to refer to something written now and again.All in all , I am very happy with this purchase.I r
 If you do n't need color , this is the laser printer for your home needs . I do n't know how it would hold up in a business with heavy use but for home use it is fine for me . I could not ask for better , clearer prints . It 's great for forms , letters , etc. . Great little laser printer .
 Printer was in excellent condition and came in short time . Would buy from them again
 I picked up the HP Laserjet when I started working full time from home . I am not sure what is up with the Amazon pricing , I picked my up brand new for around $ 120 from Best Buy on special , brand new in July 2007 . The printer is a basic no-frills lazer printer that does a fantastic job.At home it is working well with my Windows 2000 , and Windows XP machines . I managed to get the drivers installed on Vista and that is fine although there do seem to be some glitchy incompatibilities . If I run out of paper when I am printing for example the popup that the printer driver sends up is not a regular window and comes with a Vista warning but other than that it works no problems - things seem fine with Vista SP1 as well . I have not been able to get this working with my Mac or CentOS -- drivers for Linux for this particular model seem to be hard to come buy however I have not looked very hard for the last year or so . The 1022 on the other hand seemed to be widely supported!As it is the printer is setup as a shared network printer running from my vista box and my wife and I are having no problems with it at all . I understand you can find drivers online but I do n't actually need to print from my Mac and its no big deal to print from Windows if I need to get an OpenOffice doc printed that I prepared on Linux.Drivers aside once the printer is running it is great . The quality of the output is outstanding and it does what it is supposed to do .
 I have had this printer for about a year . It is a great printer and I think it is a bargain considering the quality of the printing and the reliability of the machine . There are no negatives . Even if you have an inkjet printer it pays to get one of these just to do work that does n't need color . The original cartridge lasts for a long time if you use the economical printing mode .
 We got this printer last year and have really liked it because it works pretty fast and we wanted something to print just text so we would n't have to keep replacing inkjet carts . We also got aNETGEAR PS121 USB 2.0 Mini Print Serverand it has all worked on our home network pretty well together , including with a PC that runs Win 98se -LRB- which had , much to my suprise , a usb port which was mandatory to set up the print server -RRB- .
 This printer is hands down , the best piece of technological equipment I 've ever invested in . I absolutely love it . The toner lasts a good long time , the price is low -LRB- although I 'm not sure why the price has nearly doubled since I bought it a few months ago -- maybe it 's all the rave reviews ! -RRB- , and is the fastest printer I 've ever used.I ca n't recommend it enough ! HP has all my computer business from now on .
 This is a great computer and at such a reasonable price . I have n't had any problems with it whatsoever . It 's fast , does n't jam and I print several pages everyday ... unlike the ink-jets , I do n't have to replace cartridges frequently.It arrived in a timely manner . I will shop here again .
 The printer is very fast . It takes only a few seconds to get first page , even when the printer is idle . Print quality is very good for the price . And it comes with full toner for 2000 pages , not a demo toner . Manual duplex option is very convenient .
 I have excellent experiance with HP printers.I like all HP products.This printer was correct choice I made it for my problem and It solve it , Coz I was looking for printer for Windows 98 and this 1 which I got it ; -RRB-
 The toner in my HP Laserjet 2100 finally ran out , and so I could n't justify spending $ 100 for a new toner when my local office supply store had the 1020 on sale for $ 80 . I read all the reviews on Amazon and TigerDirect and decided that this was the printer for me . I had no problems with my old printer and wanted another HP.Installation was easy . I followed the instructions and installed the CD first . I bought the usb cable from Amazon - Belkin gold series , 10ft for around $ 10 . This printer is so much smaller than the 2100 , but it does everything my old one did , just faster and with a smaller footprint . It is also very quiet . Everything worked beautifully and I expect this printer will last as long as my 2100 .
 This is a good printer for the money ; however , the print is not as sharp as I would like . Of course , I was used to the old HP LaserJet 4Plus that I had for years with crisp print .
 I have only had the printer for about a month , but I think it 's great . The only downside is that the UBS adapter is not included with the printer -LRB- You can pick one up at Staples for about $ 19 -RRB- . You can probably order one at Amazon as well ... I just did n't realize I 'd need to purchase the adapter when I ordered the printer .
 These laserjets are well designed , work well and are easy to use . -LRB- We use 5 of the similar 1012 model and they are good workhorses.The 1020 's installation disk is great -- with good pictures , easy instructions that any normal person could follow . Much better than the manuals written in engineering language . HP should be complimented .
 I decided to finally get rid of our color inkjet and give a B&W laser a try.I got tired of replacing the color cartridges and realized that I did n't need color 98 % of the time . The HP 1020 meets all expectations . First copy is a little slow but after that speed is more than acceptable . Print quality is VG .
 I 've had this printer for several months , and I highly recommend it . It 's small and fast and very reliable . I bought it because of the price , but I have been very pleasantly surprised by its other features as well .
 Much faster than my old 2100 . Hard to beat for the price.Plugged in USB cable and printing in 3 minutes .
 Do yourself a favor -- if you need to hanlde envelopes , just spend the extra buck or two and get an HP.Canon inkjets are the best out.But there are no more long lasting and reliable laser printers than HP . I 've tried Samsung , Brother , you name it . They act nutty , break down , do not handle diffrent media types well , and are bad at envelope printing.HP is where its at . Shame on HP for not providing Mac drivers for most of their printers -- esp the lower cost ones .
 Aside from being compact & 15ppm fast , the Hp 1020 printer does a great job of printing checks and deposit slips when used with any checkmaking software and a MICR toner cartridge from checksnet.Tried a few toner cartridges from several sources for my Hp 1020 and discovered that some MICR toner is not as dark , flakes off paper and my checks were unreadable when tested at bank . Went back to checksnet cartridges , everything fine again and better page yield .
 If you just use this as a local printer connected through USB , it works great . If you try to network it using a print server , it has big problems . I do light printing on this particular printer and the original toner has lasted me since August ... pretty good . It 's warms up fast and prints at a good pace . Pretty good for the price . Although Samsung and Brother sometimes run specials for lower priced laser printers .
 With the volumes of paper needed to ditribute a genealogy report an ink jet just would not be efficient . I selected this printer for ease of use and reported durability by other known users . It was easy to set up in our LAN system and has quickly become the printer of choice on the network of 5 printers . It is fast and produces excellent quality work.At this time we have not used it long enough for durability issues however it has been trouble free and did a great job on label printing for a mailing also .
 I bought this printer for our office to replace a HP Inkjet that went kaput after only 1 year . Plus the inkjet was needing the black ink replaced once a month -LRB- That 's expensive ! -RRB- This has been a great printer for us for the two months we 've had it so far . We 've had no problems . We do a lot of printing and -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- have not run out of ink yet . With our last HP Deskjet we would have replaced the black ink twice already . The quality is as good as any laserjet printer I 've used and the speed is fast . I want to get one for home.Also , the shipping speed was unsurpassed ! We ordered on Jan 9th and we had it in our office before noon on Jan 11th ! Awesome !
 After reading a recent negative , I was compelled to leave a review . I 've used this printer daily for over two years and it is `` the '' one low price HP monochrome printer that I recommend to all of my customers without reservation.The positives : * Reliable * Versatile paper use * No compatibility problems -LRB- as experienced with non-HP printers -RRB- * Fast - 10 seconds to first page output * Low cost - There are lower priced printers but I recommend this one * Small footprint , lightweight
 We currently have three of these printers throughout our business , because we liked them so well we ordered this one for another office .
 These printers were -LRB- are -RRB- a dime-a-dozen and can be found on the cheap -LRB- ~ $ 40 -RRB- . I happened to come across a couple of these printers -LRB- still New-In-Box -RRB- and hung them off a couple computers . They are simple , no-frills , monochrome laser printers that I have found to do a decent job , although there is a reportedly a bug in the spooler when dealing with large PDF files . Read the other reviews and forums for the details . The purpose of this `` review '' is to possibly save others from the headache I first had with these printers when trying to access them across a LAN as a printer share under Windows Vista -LRB- 64 -RRB- . I had the same headache that many others have faced -LRB- google reveals many forums on this subject , `` Laserjet 1020 will only print test pages over a LAN '' -RRB- getting this printer to work by `` connecting '' to it as a printer share . However , I finally did get it to work wonderfully over a network . Install the printer on the host -LRB- local -RRB- machine and share as you normally would , however on the client -LRB- remote -RRB- machine -LRB- s -RRB- : - Do NOT install any drivers . Vista already has built-in HP drivers for this printer that will work fine . - Do NOT `` connect '' to this printer as you normally would for a network printer share . -LRB- I.e. , navigating to \ \ HOSTNAME \ PRINTERNAME , right-clicking , and selecting `` connect '' . -RRB- Instead : - Go to Control Panel -- > Printers -LRB- or Start -- > Printers -RRB- - Select `` Add a Printer '' in the top menu - Select `` Add a Local Printer '' -LRB- Bear with me , this will become network printer -RRB- - Select `` Create a New Port '' - Select `` Local Port '' -LRB- Continue bearing with me , this will become a network printer -RRB- - Select `` Next '' - A dialogue box will appear for you to `` Enter A Port Name '' - Enter the absolute network path to the printer , i.e. , \ \ HOSTNAME \ PRINTERNAME - Select `` OK '' - A dialogue box will appear having you select the printer from a list of pre-installed drivers in Vista , choose HP on left and Laserjet 1020 on right.Don ' t worry , this will be a proprietary HP driver for the Laserjet 1020 under Vista and not just a Microsoft basic printer driver.You will have full functionality and options . - The printer should now be in your list of printers and working over the network . -LRB- Test it out by printing a test page , printing from a web browser , word processor , etc. -RRB- A nice advantage to installing the printer in this manner is that since the printer is `` local '' -LRB- although using remote port -RRB- , you will have full control over all the print options in the driver . A printer icon will also appear in your system tray when you print as well . Double clicking it shows the printer que , just the same as if the printer truly was local.Only small caveat with this method is that since the drivers are really `` attached '' to the port , the remote printer is always going to appear online and `` Ready '' even if it is turned off.Works fine with Linux -LRB- all distros , all arch -RRB- as well . Download and build the drivers from source . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I 'll keep it simple ... I get a lot of ` smooth use ' out of this lit ' l thing at my small business . Great , no me arrepiento -LRB- no regrets -RRB- ! I wish I could find a laserjet ` all in one ' in this ` price effectiveness ' range as well .
 I work in a busy law office and use this printer all day long . It almost never jams , uses toner very slowly , and is just an all-around excellent printer . Great investment - do n't hesitate for a moment if you are considering buying a fast , inexpensive laser printer .
 My first laser printer cost over $ 1,000 , was frustratingly slow , and had good but not great print quality . Fifteen years and about as many printers later , I now have this little 1020 for less than one-fifth the price . I set it up in exactly two minutes . It runs dead quiet -LRB- nice in an office environment of so many fans and hums -RRB- . It has great first page response - and when I 'm done typing the letter , I slap the envelope in the manual tray , print it , and I 'm done . The print quality is as good as it gets . It is not the fastest printer in the world , but it is more than competitive in this price bracket . And small ? Smallest footprint of any laser I 've owned , which is also important to me . I ca n't say enough about this printer - finally , someone got a small printer exactly right for small business .
 This printer is perfect printer for the home office . I 've been using an Epson All-in-One for a few years now and after using some bad ink cartridges plugged the jets . Realizing that most of what I print does n't need to be in color , I started pricing the LaserJet 1012 on a friend 's recommendation . I found that apparently the 1020 is the 1012 replacement after some research.The installation was really simple . I opened the box and started looking for a manual . It 's all on the CD with step by step pictures of each step . I 'm used to the typical steps of hardware installation that typically are n't difficult , but for a first timer may be challenging . The installation CD had the most thorough walkthrough that I 've seen so far.Print quality is what is expected for what I need and for the price that I paid -LRB- less than the price of a new toner cartridge -RRB- , a super bargain .
 This was a simple install . I installed this printer on a PC running Windows XP Home Edition . It only took about 5 minutes , and I was up and running . I have shared the printer out to all the other PCs and laptops on my home network , and all the connections were painless and simple .
 Okay , I have only printed 10 pages so far , so the stars are based on those great prints , the 5th star taken away because I am a MAC user ! Here is my experience and I HOPE it helps all of you other Mac OSX users out there ! I spoke with an HP rep for over an hour at a retail store , he sold me on this VERY affordable laser to replace my ink sucker Epson , all was great until he finds out I am a Mac user . As you all know , this is a problem . After some thought and reading the 58 reviews before me and other websites , I decide to take the plunge . I try to install it using the ` cheat ' HP 1022 method to absolutely no avail ! Now , exteremly frustrated , trying every ` trick ' in the book , I google this problem . I stumble into the -LSB- ... -RSB- and there is a review from `` fpc '' . I was a little leary but this is my last hope . It tells me how to do this once and for all . Not thinking it would actually work , I download his provided link -LRB- which apparently is the ` original ' link before HP pulled it and reloaded a non-working one for Mac -RRB- . And IT WORKED !!!! I followed his instructions which took 3 minutes and I am printing perfectly ... I ALMOST sucked up the 15 % store restocking fee , but thanks to `` fpc '' I can print again !!!! SO for all of you who want this printer and not the headache , visit fpc 's review and follow his instructions ! GOOD LUCK ! And to HP -LRB- and that friendly rep , you know who you are -RRB- ... . WHY ? Why make us have to do all of this ? Seems rediculous does n't it ??????????
 The HP LaserJet 1020 did not dissapoint me . It is a good laser printer . I bought it for office tasks and it does a very good job . I only wish the package came with a USB cable it needs . It took some time for me to locate one .
 Home office application
 I have bought this for about 8pp in my office for their Black and White desktop printer . So far NOT ONE problem . The toner is long-lasting and affordable . Great quality - small desktop footprint . Does a great job with envelopes , labels and even light cardstock.I would highly reccommend to anyone .
 This printer has been working flawlessly . This is the second one I have purchased . We decided to put one on each of our computers . No problems whatsover . If you want B&W laser prints without any problems , this printer is perfect and well priced .
 I researched far and wide for reviews on this printer . At the time there were very few and I struggled on whether to get it . Well , I gave in and purchased it . Boy am I glad I did ! It was easy to set up and use . Worked like a charm right out of the box . My wife has a consulting business where she needs to print hundreds of pages a month and it has worked without flaw every time . She even uses it to print on card stock paper for her scrapbooking hobby . With windows printer sharing , its a snap to use it on your windows home network with windows xp . No need for a network adapter . Well worth the money . Highly recommended to anybody.Update
 Positives
 I 've had the printer only a short time and have n't pushed it too hard , but it sure beats the ink jets I 've previously owned . Set up was easy , it 's quiet , fast and the output looks good .
 This is a great printer for home or for office . At this price , I was able to purchase -LRB- 20 -RRB- of them for my entire office . I 've spent twice as much for this same printer elsewhere .
 This is a great computer , but unfortunately it only uses Windows -- which I have a Mac . It is a good printer , but make sure you have Windows before purchasing or it 's a big hassle.BTW -- it 's B&W ; only & works very well !!
 This is one great printer . I 've been using this for 6 months without a glitch . This is the 3rd printer I 've owned . Had 2 Dells that were horrible . This printer is quick , quiet , and fits nicely on a desk .
 This is a great printer to buy . I got it for $ 99 with free shipping so that is just very cheap . Have been using for a couple of months now and no problems at all . Very good printer and easy to use and set up . You should buy this printer !!
 Quick and fast transaction . Printer is great . Got at a great price . Highly recommend this laser printer .
 I love this printer . It is faster than I expected it to be and does a great job . I 'm thinking of getting one for my classroom .
 Printer is user friendly . Easy to load and switch different forms . Would recommend .
 I purchased this printer to replace a DeskJet in a dedicated application . The DeskJet was just too slow . I needed a small , low-power printer . This one fit the bill . Startup time is very quick . Printing speed is good and print quality -LRB- text only -RRB- is excellent .
 A quick little printer and a great value for the money . I did not do my homework and evidentally it is not networkable . If you want to make it a network printer with a print server , you must purchase the slightly more expensive 1022 model .
 Bought this as replacement for an earlier LaserJet . Fast , precise , excellent , cheap . I 'd give it five stars but they changed the upper feed for checks , and it is n't as precise and quick as it used to be . Otherwise , the ideal small office laser .
 Bought this and just to test if I would keep it , I printed a huge database file of 16,000 pages which took me almost 20 hours between personal breaks and only five cartridges . The guide says do n't do that , but I did it , and this 1020 printer did not fail once . Wow ! -LRB- Needless to say , I kept it ! -RRB-
 A number of reviewer have reported what HP 's support site reports - that the LaserJet 1020 does not work on Windows Vista . Just use the original driver CD that comes with the printer and run the installation on Vista . The installer automatically detects the printer and installs the driver . This printer works perfectly with these drivers on Windows Vista Home Premium edition .
 Overall , this printer is great for light-duty office use -LRB- I bought it for a small office workgroup -RRB- . We have a mix of Linux and Windows PCs . The printer is shared through a Server2003 box and all works well . You have to go and find linux drivers for this printer -LRB- try http :\ \ foo2zjs.rkkda.com for a GREAT linux walkthrough -RRB- but after installing the new drivers , it works great.One small issue that I have is that I ca n't get a Windows 2000 PC to duplex print . The driver does n't pop up the `` continue '' message to get it to print on the other side of the page ...
 As the years have passed , HP 's laser printers have improved much in small ways . I have one right next to me . The only sign that it 's `` on '' is the dutiful green light at the top of the unit . I 'm reminded of the formerly owned Panansonic # 4410 that , when turned on , sounded like a vacuum cleaner!Secondly , it only feeds one sheet at a time . No more paper in bunches.only one complaint -- feeding three checks on a sheet -LRB- Quicken -RRB- through the paper path . Works fine when you want to print all three checks at a time . But ... if you desire to print only one or two checks , now you encounter an `` issue . '' H-P should hold a meeting with their friends at Quicken and eschew the `` It 's not my job '' attitude . Let 's provide the kind of technical support that both H-P and Quicken were once proud of .
 It took a while for me to find a decent printer to replace my antique HP InkJet 500 series printer , but am glad that I waited this long for the HP LaserJet 1020 printer . It took less than 15 minutes for me to remove packing materials , insert the ink cartridge , and have its configuration software installed onto my laptop computer -LRB- Incidentally the ink cartridge is designed to produce up to 2,000 pages . -RRB- . For most of the installation I used the very easy to view installation manual -LRB- which comes with the computer on a CD that also contains the installation software -RRB- that has both still and motion picture images to demonstrate how one can easily assemble the printer and have it running in a very short period of time . Afterwards I tested the printer by printing two pages ; these are the best printed pages I have seen from a laser printer - or rather , from any printer - that I 've used previously . I have no doubt that this small , excellent printer will be an invaluable workhorse lasting for years .
 Really nice printer , it 's black and white ink , but does the job better than my higher quality printer ,
 The printer is fast and has enough quality to impress . The only drawback I found -LRB- probably my own ignorance -RRB- is the workaround for changing default setting A4 paper to letter .
 The HP 1020 is a fine printer at a reasonable price for small business printing needs . It 's compact size fits most anywhere and the printing speed is most acceptable for the cost .
 I bought this printer strictly for traveling . I need to print hundreds of pages when I go to Las Vegas . I shipped the printer there , opened it , printed about 600 pages , and shipped it back home . It 's just like the 1010 I have at home , it works great . Easy decision ...
 If you need a home light duty printer that provides professional laser printed documents perhaps say for a small home business or a private laser printer for an executive 's office this is perfect . It is not for huge jobs or big projects but for the little jobs that need professional flair .
 Apart from the crappy instructions and lack of supplied USB cable , this is fantastic printer . VERY quiet and efficient . Some have mentioned the paper curl problem . I found that using proper laser paper greatly reduces curl . And some brands -LRB- Domtar , for example -RRB- are better than others so experiment . Improved text as well .
 I do n't normally go out of my way to write reviews , but I do appreciate reading them before I buy ... so here 's one for those considering buying this for their `` second office '' application . I 've had this printer for 3 months now , and it 's great for my home office -LRB- where I work when I 'm not in my office office -RRB- . Footprint is tiny , no problems with paper feed -LRB- like prior top-feed printers I 've had -RRB- , print quality good and crisp , and printouts appear instantly . Good work HP .
 Overall , a very good printer . Some reviews state that the printer curls the paper . It 's true , but it curls so little that I can not believe anyone would complain about it . The curls -LRB- what little there is -RRB- disappear soon after printing.My only issue with the printer is card stock . Beware of card stock . We recently tried out a few types of cardstock on the printer and it did have some problems . The paper went through , but for the more textured cardstock , the toner did n't `` stick '' to the paper very well . It did , however , work for smooth cardstock.One other complaint I 've read said that you have to purchase an expensive USB cord . Not true . A regular USB cord will work ; I just used the cord from my last printer -LRB- an inkjet -RRB- . Otherwise , the printer has been great , especially for printing on regular paper .
 I just bought this printer for my PowerMac G3 , entirely trusting the advice of the other reviewers here who claimed that this machine really does work with the macintosh . And , lo and behold , they are right . It was incredibly easy to set up , but it took me a half hour since I am always terrified of breaking something or screwing something up.I 've just printed two test pages
 Great deal , great delivery , great packaging , great printer ! Reviews were all correct - this is truly a fast printer . I have been using an older , much larger HP laser printer but needed a smaller one . This printer is even faster . This is one of my better buys - it truly is worth the money - and more !
 I bought this printer to replace my HP Laserjet III , which was approximately 18 years old and only needed service once . The printer was delivered a few days earlier than I expected it . Even though the USB cable did n't come with it , I looked around at home and found that I had a spare one . I preloaded the software supplied with the printer and it was fully functional in under 15 minutes.I 'm more than pleased with my selection . I hope this one lasts as long as the HP III did .
 I purchased this H-P LaserJet printer through Amazon for about $ 88.00 at an `` open box '' sale . Amazon was adamant that I should know EXACTLY what I was buying and if had ANY DOUBTS , I should cancel my order . How 's that for being `` up front '' -LRB- Amazon is a great company to deal with -RRB- . The printer arrived tightly boxed in mint , unused condition , although the toner cartridge had already been installed . So `` yes '' the box had been already been opened -LRB- exactly as stated before the purchase -RRB- . I installed the H-P printer software in my home assembled computer and the printer was now ready to roll . My Windows XP Operating System detected the printer immediately . I printed out a test sheet and the black and white laser print was perfect . I will soon be using this printer to print out thousands of pages of my family history -LRB- genealogy -RRB- and I wo n't have to worry about running out of ink in the middle of my project . The laser printer `` melts the toner onto the paper so the ink is bound tightly to the paper and wo n't `` run '' -LRB- like inkjets -RRB- if there 's a little moisture around . The H-P software will also allow me to do manual duplex -LRB- both sides of the paper -RRB- printing which is necessary for doing hundreds of pages that will be bound into a book . H-P knows how to design great laser printers and this is one of them . And the price has taken a tumble recently . Look for a good deal . Downside ? ... Gosh , does everything have to be built in Communist China these days ?
 This is an excellent product at an outstanding price . It makes laserjet qualty affordable and there should be no question of whether or not it is a good value . I have recommended this to several friends who have already purchased this laser jet printer
 I purchased my HP 1020 laser printer at Office Depot for $ 129.99 . This was a good bargain even compared to online shopping prices . I know that if you are patient , and you perform a bit of due diligence , you can get this printer `` new , never opened , and unrefurbished '' on eBay for around $ 100-120 -LRB- I know this because I bought a secnod one as a Christmas present for $ 105 on eBay -RRB- . Note however , it does not come with a 2.0 cable - so you will have to buy one to connect it to your computer -LRB- $ 25 in the retail stores and $ 5-7 on eBay -RRB- . I am one of those shoppers that `` does his homework '' before making purchases . I was buying this to replace my miserable Brother HL-1440 . I say miserable despite its generally good ratings because the poor LONG-TERM value of this printer clearly outweighed the initial features . What I mean by this is that the Brother requires not only the replacement of a toner cartridge at , what $ 60 per shot ? But also , an EXPENSIVE DRUM every 4-5 toner cartridges . The drum alone cost about $ 130 !! You might as well buy a new laser printer - which I DID . Printer manufactureres are like drug dealers in a way - they sell the printer itself for cheap to lure you in ... the hit you hard when it comes to the cartridges -LRB- and/or drum -RRB- . The beauty of the HP-1020 is that it is very inexpensive , efficient , blazing fast -LRB- as advertised - 353 % faster -RRB- from the time you click `` print '' to when the printer actually spits our your document -LRB- about 4-5 seconds -RRB- even when the printer is not `` warm . '' Also , THIS PRINTER DOES NOT REQUIRE A DRUM REPLACEMENT . The cartridges cost $ 70 if you pay full price , but I found new , original HP nonrefurbished cartridges for $ 55 -LRB- including the shipping cost -RRB- - never buy them in a store , always buy online from a reputable retailer like `` New Egg '' . Anyway , this prints very clean documents , and set-up could not be easier , even for a non-techie . I actually set this printer up on my home network so my wife could print from her -LRB- wireless internet connection -RRB- laptop , directly to the HP-1020 which I connected to my desktop computer . It is pretty cool.FREE ADVICE
 I have a model 1012 at work and liked it so much I bought a 1020 for home -LRB- the 1012 was unavailable at the time . -RRB- They are virtually the same machine . I have found these to be easy to use and pretty fast printers . I like the manual paper feed slot and use it often for envelopes and labels.And , unlike Golden Comet , who either has a dozen printers at home or is in HP Marketing writing advertisements disguised as reviews , I am a regular customer with no bias towards or against HP products .
 I bought this for use with my new Mac mini and was surprised to find that HP does not have any Mac drivers for the LJ 1020 . -LRB- In the spirit of full disclosure , the box does list only Windows systems under the minimum systems requirements - I just did n't look since it did not occur to me that they would not have Mac drivers -RRB- I traded e-mails with HP and they indicated that I should return the unit for a refund since it was not designed to be Mac compatable . I then Googled a bit and found out that users were having success with the LJ 1022 drivers -LRB- as Amazon Lover indicates here -RRB- so I tried these and it worked like a charm . -LRB- December 2006 Update - It seems HP has updated the drivers on their website to delete functionality of the 1020 using the 1022 drivers . Not to worry - just Google HP 1020 Mac OSX and it will bring up sites that have the old drivers -RRB- . I really do n't know why HP Tech Support would n't know this . I like the unit as it has a small footprint on my desk , starts up fast , has excellent print resolution and a good capacity for the paper tray . I replaced an aging HP LaserJet 5P at about one quarter the cost and am very pleased with the unit .
 My faithful old workhorse , the Laserjet 6L , toiled tirelessly for 9 years before it died recently . I was scrambling for a replacement and happily came upon this little baby . The Laserjet 1020 makes an excellent choice . It costs less than half the price of the old 6L and has better print quality to boot . Like its predecessor , it is a monochrome printer , best suited for printing text . Graphics are good enough but if graphics are your primary concern , you 'd be better off with a separate colour printer . Text though is absolutely perfect -LRB- HP 's strong point -RRB- - you need a magnifying glass and very meticulous scrutinising to spot any imperfections . It has a print resolution of 600x600x2 with RET to give an effective resolution of 1200 dpi . But the actual print quality outshines those of many printers boasting much higher resolutions . The 2MB memory may seem small by today 's standards but it is still twice the 1MB on my old LJ-6L and I never had any trouble running out of memory even then . Like most newer printers , it connects to the PC via a USB 2.0 port . You can not connect via a parallel printer port . It does n't have an auto-start or auto-shutdown like the old LJ-6L but has a manual on/off switch instead . No big loss . The accompanying toner cartridge is rated at a decent 2000 pages . You can extend that quite a bit by using Economode -LRB- Draft print -RRB- . The quality on HP 's economode is good enough for daily personal use . The default setting on the LJ-1020 is 600dpi . To print at the higher 1200dpi or the lower Economode , you need to change the settings in the printer 's properties page on your PC . Despite its relatively compact size , it is slightly larger and bulkier than the LJ-6L -LRB- 14inches across cf. 12inches for the 6L -RRB- . It installs like a breeze on both XP and Vista . The drivers are not Vista certified but they work without a hitch . It took barely 10 minutes from software installation to printing out the test page . -LRB- Note
 I am a homeschooling parent who prints ALOT , sometimes 100 pages at a time , certainly 100 pages a week , minimum . And I also work at home , and print business letters and envelopes . This printer has taken all the drudgery away . Its fast , good quality print appearance -LRB- although I print in draft by default to further save on toner -RRB- . The setup under XP was a breeze -LRB- using my old USB cable -RRB- . I have been using it for about 7 months now , still on the same cartridge .
 Bought this model today . Light , compact and blazing fast , with razorsharp text/images and dense opaque blacks . I got it to print my black line artwork illustrations and occasional text . I compared it to the comparably priced Brother models , and chose the HP for one reason ; the drum is part of the toner cartridge versus the Brother , which requires their separate drum part replaced after 10,000 prints . The Brother drum is pricey , costing more than the printer . So I went with the HP with its 10 dollar higher cartridge , but no prospect of expensive drum replacement.Oh , I also ran into an installation glitch for XP , but if you go to the Hewlett-Packard site they provide an error resolvement page which clears up and finishes the installation in minutes .
 I got tired of paying for ink cartridges for my injet printer , and also of waiting for it to slowly print my material , so I decided to replace it with a laser printer . Since I do n't print pictures , a black and white printer is sufficient . I could n't be happier with the HP 1020 . It 's very compact -LRB- actually smaller than my Epson -RRB- , unbelievably fast -LRB- though it takes a little while to get going -RRB- , and the result is crystal clear . One important note , though
 I talked my boss into buying a LaserJet 1020 for me to use at work , mostly for printing work tickets and service requests for equipment that needs to go out for factory repairs . -LRB- We 're a two-way radio shop . -RRB- We previously used an ink jet for this purpose . It got to the point where we were buying a $ 30 cartridge every couple of weeks . Sure , we tried refilled cartridges ; sometimes they worked , sometimes not . Also , the inkjet was frustratingly slow , especially when we had a customer standing there waiting for their paperwork!The 1020 has roughly the same footprint on the desk as an average ink jet unit , the print quality is a bit better and as far as speed goes it simply blows the ink jet away ! Of course , it does n't do color , but that 's not a consideration in our application . We 've been using the original toner cartridge that came with the printer for a few months now and it 's still printing just fine . HP says it 's good for about 2000 pages per cartridge , or more if you use the ` toner saver ' mode , which we 're using . Toner saver reduces the print quality just a bit , but we 're printing service tickets , not wedding invitations.Unlike some other budget printers , the $ 69 -LRB- list price -RRB- cartridge includes everything ; you do n't need to replace a drum -LRB- that costs more than a new printer ! -RRB- after a few thousand pages . One inexpensive laser printer is well known to crunch envelopes with frightening regularity . I can tell you from personal experience that the 1020 handles envelopes just fine . The print wo n't smear if your envelope catches a few raindrops on the way to the mailbox , like certain inkjets.The only cons I can think of is that it 's just a little bit noisy and it 's somewhat slower than the big machines in the front office . No big deal in either case , especially considering the price . All in all , I liked it enough that I bought one to use at home . The only thing that annoys me about that is that it 's suddenly about $ 40 less than I paid ! Oh , well ... By the way , the printer is manufactured in China , but is n't everything these days .
 I bought this printer 1n 1/2006 . I have used it in a tax business . This little printer just keeps on going . After 3 years I have printed more than 45,000 copies with cheap copy paper and compatible hp ink cartridges without any problems .
 This is by far , the absolutely best printer -LRB- for black and white images -RRB- I 've ever purchased / used . The toner cartridges last for 2 to 3 thousand pages and the images are perfect every time - and they 've printed out in the time others machines would be warming up -LRB- like my Ink Jet unit -RRB- . Thanks HP ... WONDERFUL PIECE OF EQUIPMENT at a reasonable , affordable price . You 've renewed my faith in HP ... KEEP IT UP .
 This is by far the best printer I have ever owned for my home.I use this printer as a casual home printer for printing directions , movie times , reciepts , emails , or just about anything that comes up in the course of a home . To be clear , I do n't really print important things very often and usually just print on the back of scrap paper from the office . But when I do need to print something significant like a legal document or a resume or something , this printer holds its own flawlessly . The printer sits right next to my computer , with a fairly small footprint and stays ` on ' all the time . When I hit the print button , within about 5 seconds I have a printed page that meets every standard of quality that I have ever deemed relevent for a black and white printer.I have had the printer for over a year , and have had zero complications , and have not changed the ink once . I have gone through countless ink jet printers , or cousins thereof , over the last decade , and this laser jet simply puts them to shame in 3 categories
 I 'm a college student , and I 've had this printer for 2-3 years . It has performed flawlessly . It was $ 99 when I purchased it , shipping was free , and to this date , I have not had to change the toner -LRB- despite heavy printing -RRB- . It prints very quickly , high quality , works just fine on my wireless network - and toner is $ 25 . I 've had a good amount of ink jet printers that are just taking up space in my house because of the cost of ink , and how quickly they use it . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this printer as an open-box/display model item from a major electronics retailer . I managed to get them to throw in the extended warranty with the printer + new toner for a grand total of $ 90 -LRB- What a deal ! -RRB- I got the unit home , plugged it in and connected it to the PC . It took me less than 5 minutes to locate , download and install the driver and I was printing away ! What an impressive little unit ! Its small enough to fit on the lower shelf of my printer cart -LRB- the top of the cart is occupied by an color ink-jet all-in-one -RRB- and in economy mode makes excellent , sharp prints at fantastic speeds . I am thrilled with this printer for its price , quality and ease of use . As as researcher/student I often need to print 20 + page journal articles . In the past I used to spend hours in front of my screen taking notes because printing them was n't economical enough at all on my ink-jet . Now , I can print 20 + pages at a clip and it costs me just ~ 2 pennies a page ! Highly recommended !
 This is a great little laser printer . It 's a great price , and so far it seems to work perfectly . I love that is is so small . It fits perfectly on my desk at home and does n't seem to overwhelm my office space like many of the larger laser printers might . The laser cartridge that it takes -LRB- the HP Q12A -RRB- is relatively inexpensive as laser cartrdiges go . My printer at work takes the same cartridge , and they last a long time . Even though the initial cost is more , over time , you will save money over inkjet printers , and you wo n't have to deal with any smudging or paper jamming ! The print quality is outstanding . I was able to hook it up to my desktop and easily share it with my laptop , which is networked with my desktop via a wireless connection . Overall , I 'm very pleased , and this laser printer is perfect for my home office .
 I was looking for a regular printer when this HP 1020 got my attention.It did so firstly because the reviews where good everywhere I looked . Also because it met my needs . I did not need a copy machine , a fax machine , a scanner , an ink jet , a photo printer , a color printer etc. . I just needed a laser printer . For a very decent price without compromising quality.The Laser Toner is documented to print out around 2000 pages , and last time I checked the toner went for around $ 25 . A steal.If you want a fancy look , this printer will not meet that need . The way it 's designed , and the grey color , makes it look old the moment you take it out of the box.That aside , thisHP LaserJet 1020 Printer -LRB- Q5911A #ABA -RRB- printer did not disappoint . First , just pop in the CD that comes with it . There is scarce with documentation in the box . The CD will show all the simple steps to take , with pictures.Be aware that there is no USB cable with the printer , you have to buy that separately . When it silently burped out the first laser page , I new I would have a friend for a long time with this HP 1020 .
 Thank you !! I do not speak english but Everything is ok for me . i am very satisfied . I am recomended you!I am sorry for my english !
 Daily Use
 Overall , this is a good bag . It has lots of room for my gear and fits my Dell M1730 which is a huge laptop . The bags material and construction is strong and the zippers are good as well.There are 5 sections to the bag , the laptop section is the back and it has 2 sleeves . The M1730 fits either sleeve , just barely , but again the M1730 is a huge laptop so any other laptop will have NO problem fitting in there and since there are 2 sleeves you can carry 2 laptops if needed . The only bad thing is that it is n't well padded , there IS a layer on the back and on the wall between the second section but it is thin . I keep the laptop in the inner sleeve ad use the manual/disc holder as padding in the back sleeve.The second section is just a large space with no pockets or anything , allowing you room for larger item storage . I keep my padded headphones and the power brick in there as well as a Logitech G-13 and there is room for another small item or so and there is also a thin layer of padding between this section and the next.The third section has 2 small thin sleeves at the bottom of the bag , smaller than a blu ray case , and 2 web pockets . The web pocket on the inner side is over the 2 sleeves I mentioned and takes up the top half of that side . The pocket on the outer side takes up the entire wall top to bottom . I keep 3 2.5 in external hd 's in the half size web pocket , and the full size pocket holds an xbox 360 controller , usb hub , assorted cables , and 2 small boxes holding my TrackIR gear.The fourth section is for pens and things with 2 pda size pockets and room for other small things , and the last section can hold a couple magazines . There is also an Ipod sized holder on one of the backpack straps.The bag can be separated from the wheels and the extending handle , which is connected by zippers and is easy to remove and replace.The only thing I have any real problem with is I think the wheels are wearing down too fast.As you can see from what I 've mentioned I fit in the bag , it can hold a TON of things , so I recommend it and give it 4 stars taking away one for my thinking the wheels wear a little fast .
 I bought this wheeled laptop bag to use at work -LRB- in Sales -RRB- . I end up taking it to Italy to visit family & friends for 3 weeks.Everything I needed -LRB- including the computer -RRB- was at my reach at all times.Sturdy , it survive check in & out of planes , security , car traveling all over Italy as well as traveling with 3 small kids -LRB- with all it involves -RRB- . This is a must for an organized traveler .
 I manage the wlan at work and test numerous cards . The Cisco 350 series is what we rolled of company wide for for employee use . The Client software -LRB- ACU -RRB- included with the card is straight forward and provides great info on the current connection and link status.One thing you can do with this card that you ca n't with others is modify the transmit power for the card . The primary difference between the Cisco 340 and 350 series is the transmit power . On the 350 you can change this from 1mw to 100mw -LRB- the 340 series peaks at 30mw -RRB- . This feature is especially handy , especially when taking my laptop from work to home -LRB- you just do n't need 100mw of transmit power in a 1200 ft. apartment -RRB- . The hardware is great -LRB- Cisco acquired Aironet around 97 I think -RRB- , the software is intuitive , and is fully compatible with many authentication methods other than wep -LRB- i.e. , TLS , MD5 , EAP , LEAP -RRB- . So why did I give this card a 4 star rating instead of 5 stars ? Three reasons : Client side software does not roam between discontiguous networks when using advanced authenticationClient side software does not include any kind of sniff feature to see what wireless networks are within range . I have to use third party software for that.Cisco cards do not do true rfmon passive packet acquisition . Cisco -LRB- and I think Lucent -RRB- diverged from the prism 2 chip , so i keep my Cisco card for work and keep a linksys wpc11 -LRB- prism2 chipset -RRB- for `` network analysis '' . Hope this helps . Peace to all wifi junkies out there .
 I got from a friend this card 3 weeks ago . It was very easy to install on Linux Fedora Core 2 . I am using it on my Compat Evo N1020v and it works well .
 I have 4 Linksys 54G cards -LRB- 2 desktop and 2 laptop -RRB- and 2 Cisco 11B 350s and I think the 350s are much easier to work with . Especially on the road with a laptop - they always work . Set up a new profile and your are connected.We use the 350s at work and they are just great , solid , predictable cards . For the price difference , unless you have a homogeneous 54G environment , the 350s are winner.My choice for ease of use and consistent performance.Plus , I like the Cisco monitoring software , profiles , etc. . When I go out of town , I set up a new profile and almost always can get associated right away with whatever wireless provider -LRB- maybe except for the Spokane airport but that 's a different rant -RRB- .
 I use this card to get online at University of Virginia , its the only card supported , but they make good choices , so I went ahead and got the card . All I had to do to make it work was to plug it in my laptop 's designated card slot , and * poof * XP took care of the rest . The connectivity is great , and its very simple to use .
 I bought my card thru my university which uses this card for the entire system . Since my card has been installed and the drivers and ACU is already running , getting it to work with my Netgear FM114P router at home was breeze , taking just a minute to get it hooked up.The problem came when i tried to install the driver for my brother and girlfriend 's laptop . On one laptop the system hung at the end of the installation and on the other when the computer was trying to detect the hardware.Cutting the long story short , i figured the system had just managed to install the software before it hang and thus after rebooting the laptop i could get online . whats interesting is that i did n't have to install the ACU or the card 's firmware to get it to work . Well , as long as it works ... = PCompared to linksys or netgear wireless lan cards , this one give a much better ` feel ' to its build and looks a whole lot more sturdy than any other cards i 've seen . and of course its from a better brand too -LRB- if it matters at all -RRB- . I guess if you 're willing to fork out more than double the price for a somewhat more ` professional ' card i guess this is it . if not , i would recommend the netgear MA401 card as i have absolutely no problems setting a couple of them up on my network .
 I 've been using one of these for several years , in 3-4 computers . It 's a superb , robust , unstoppable 802.11 b card -LRB- that means it 's only capable of 11 Mbps -RRB- . The real value is not just in the card , but in the latest software from Cisco for it . Update to the most recent firmware , the Aironet Client Utility -LRB- ACU -RRB- 6.6.0.0 -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- , and their separate site survey utility , and you 've got more functionality , configurability -LRB- including World Mode -RRB- than most PC Cards . The ACU is a fantastic location switching program , allows you associate more than one SSID with a profile -LRB- say , `` CAFE , '' or `` LIBRARIES '' -RRB- , set specific power and sensitivity settings for each , etc. . It will also work with IBM 's Access Connections if you use a ThinkPad.If you want the best , you 've found it -LRB- short of a newer a/b/g card -RRB- ; otherwise , settle for less with the rest .
 I purchased this card thru my university for use on their WLAN . The multi-profile configuration utility allows me to use the card at school and on my home Linksys WLAN.Setup was a breeze , solid equipment .
 i just put one of these into my older Compaq computer which had a Dlink 650Q G card installed . i am running Puppy on my system and chose a card based on the wireless card HCL on Damnsmall linux 's wiki page . the cisco arionet is a great performer on the older 350mhz laptop . i had the laptop further away from my wireless AP than the Dlink could go and it still was able to connect up just fine . old hardware likes old hardware im my humble opinion .
 I purchased this card because the unique capabilities of our network required it . So I ca n't speak for it 's features ... But I only paid $ 25.00 for it . If you shop for this item on on-line auctions , you can get a very good deal .
 I have been using Cisco Aironet 350 series for a while , with a netgear wireless router . The range and the quality are pretty decent and I never had a problem with it . Interestingly the product I got was a used one . So , I guess it should work well , for a long time for you.The software has some good diagnostic tools to test the link status and performance and proves that this is a standard Cisco product . The automatic network detection and switching makes it even better to seamlessly move from the office to home and to Starbucks if you like , without much hassle -LRB- I have n't tried it in starbucks personally though -RRB- . One small issue . The Aironet Client Monitoring software disables the fast switching capability in the Windows XP and gives the typical Windows 2000 login screen . Though not a big problem for me , it might be a serious issue for some.Except for the price , the product is very likable . If you are more conscious about price , you might want to try the linksys alternative -LRB- from Cisco/Linksys group afterall -RRB-
 For a refurb I was surprised to find that the tv did n't have a scratch on it . It could n't have looked any newer . After a little fine tuning the picture is brilliant . Vivid even , and I 'm not even running HD yet . It has more hookups than you can imagine . I read quite a few reviews on the web that talked about the tv cratering at 60 or 90 days and I think I 'm around 60 days right now and see no hint of trouble . By buying a refurb , I saved about 25 % over going retail and that was the difference between me being able to have one and not have one so I 'm very pleased.Update
 This tv offers a great picture , very good sound at a low cost .
 The replacement battery cartridge arrived a day early , was in great condition , and contained APC batteries as described . As a busy Network Administrator , receiving the correct replacement part as described and a day early is the best case scenario . Thank you .
 Reason for 4 stars is that batteries are two different brands but at 3 months they seem to be providing satisfactory service .
 I have purchased several of these battery packs and I am pleased with the quality of the item and the cost . They do not use original APC batteries but they seem to work well . Batteries are from different manufacturers and can both be different in the same unit . This is the only reason I did n't give 5 stars -LRB- the picture shows the original batteries from APC -RRB- . So far , so good !
 I purchased this monitor primarily for my 2nd PC monitor for dual display setup ; and to use it as TV monitor sometimes as well.My overall impression is that I am satisfied with the product . Picture quality as PC monitor was great . As TV monitor , it was not GREAT but NOT BAD AT ALL . Since I am not interested in watching TV program -LRB- I only need TV monitor for DVD or video games -RRB- , I do n't know about stuffs like how it performs in HDTV . But for viewing DVD and playing video games , the monitor was more than enough . I would recommend this monitor for anyone who has same need as I did . ---------------------------------------------------------------- However , there were a couple of things I did n't like -LRB- but acceptable -RRB- .1 . Screen ratio
 My thoughts :1 . Very bright display , I only need to use 50 % brightness to achieve a visually stunning view .1.5 Very beautiful and vivid picture quality . No dark pix . No visible light drop-off at corner .2 . DVD playback showed no flaw .3 . TV playback was known to be a complaint in the earlier model . Though the quality is not HDTV , but again I do not expect HDTV quality out of a regular cable signal . Most importantly , this model does not support HDTV . Customers who complain about TV quality might want to pay -LRB- a lot -RRB- more for a LCD TV that does support HDTV . For me , this is just what I expected .4 . Man there are a lot of inputs .5 . Picture in picture works without delay , very useful as you can change the size and position of the in-picture picture .6 . Neither the box nor the tag in BestBuy advertise the inclusion of a remote control , but it does come with a very useful remote control that has plenty functions and easily navigated .7 . Very easy set up . Screw-on bottom .8 . No DVI cable included .9 . Has both DVI -LRB- digital -RRB- and VGA -LRB- analog -RRB- inputs , I wonder if this can hook up to two computers -LRB- one from DVI one from VGA -RRB- .10 . I like the 1.6:1 aspect ratio . I can finally utilize -LRB- almost -RRB- my entire screen for watching my 3:2 ratio pictures , widescreen DVD , etc. . It also resize 4:3 video source per your choice
 This is perfect for a student 's workstation in a dorm or bedroom , or for a desk unit in a study/office for a working professional.I have this setup at my desk hooked to my laptop with a spanning desktop . I also have Cable TV piped into the back , and an Xbox plugged into the component ports.I can use my PC while watching Cable TV in a Picture in Picture window , that is awesome ! When I 'm done , I can just click one button and it 's full screen TV or I can select my Xbox to kick back and play a little.The Cable TV source control allows for different Cable TV source protocols and does auto programming , allowing for manual operation also.The Input Source labels are all user modifiable.The sound is ok for the intention of the unit , for me , I plugged the output of the unit -LRB- Yeah ... it has outputs ! -RRB- into my subwoofer surround system.If you want to have a work area with all the amenities , this is definately a keystone to building it . It is n't the best HDTV made but it 's a great LCD and a really good TV and a good media center type of appliance.Definately glad I bought this .
 I bought the Samsung SyncMaster 940mw a couple of days ago , wanting to upgrade an older 17in Samsung LCD . My desktop is a Gateway GT5028 with AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual 3800 + and 1536 MB ram.When I unpacked the monitor the quality was apparent , and the silver and black matches the silver and black color scheme of the Gateway . The 19 inch screen gives me plenty of work space and even though 1440x900 is a bit odd -LRB- same as 17in iMac -RRB- my Gateway video card had no problem with it.The colors are vibrant , the screen is bright , no dead pixels and the text is clear and easy to read ... The monitor comes with a few presets like , internet , text , and entertainment ... And a custom setting that 's easy to set up and allows you to change the monitor 's setting to your liking . Watching a DVDs is a satisfying experience on the 19 in wide monitor and the sound from the built in speakers are better than I expected -LRB- even has a Dolby setting -RRB- . The TV tuner is a real plus ... I do n't have cable TV or HBO ... I have an antenna on the roof , but the 940mw has an input , so I bought a splitter ... One antenna cable goes to the my TV and one to the monitor . Picture in Picture -LRB- PIP -RRB- is great ... I webmaster a few web sites and spend hours a day on the Internet ... With PIP I can watch the local news or PBS and work on my web sites , check email and surf . Picture quality in PIP mode is really good , even with an antenna on the roof , and with the touch of the source button I can go full screen . In full screen mode the picture is good , but not great ... I 'm thinking with cable or satellite the full screen picture would be a lot better.A thought on having the TV tuner in the monitor and not in the computer , it has no impact on the OS or memory ... Downside , you ca n't record and save for later.I 'm happy I went with a monitor/tv combination ... For the price -LRB- $ 399 @ BestBuy -RRB- I got a great monitor and a good TV ... I have more work space and a whole lot of media connection options for the same price as good 19 in monitor without a TV tuner ... Thank you Samsung .
 The guy who said this is n't HDTV is very , VERY wrong . This is an HDTV , but it does n't have the tuner built inside of it . It supports HDTV , but you need a tuner in order to get it . This is an excellent piece of equipment for playing the xbox 360 on , although it definately has backlight leaking on the top and bottom . As said before , VERY bright screen and I also run it at 50 % . Besides the backlight leak , it is an excellent HDTV/monitor and plays games well with NO ghosting . BUY IT !!
 You probably know how great it is , but i just wan na give you some tips :1 . -RRB- Your PC might not support the akward 1400 X 900 res , but you can go online and download PowerStrip and it will add that res to your PC .2 . -RRB- When playing on an XBOX 360 component , your cross-hairs will have a slight egg shape to them , and everything will appear a little taller than it should . If you do n't have OCD , then it should n't be a ploblem .3 . -RRB- Contrast sucks on Component .4 . -RRB- Thinking about buying a PS3 ? you can still conect it to this monitor thingy by buying a HDMI to DVI adapter for $ 30 at monster.Can someone see if you can switch between DVI and VGA if you have them both plugged in ?
 I just bought the 940MW and it is great . The remote is convenient and the TV picture , while not perfect , is acceptable . I 'm sure that with HD hooked up it would be better . The computer source yields a crystal clear picture with no ghosting in motion . I enjoy the PIP function which allows me to watch the news while I am working . The only thing that I would change is that I would add a tilt capability , but this is minor . I am moving to the UK soon and I am especially excited that this tuner will work in just about any country with any TV protocol .
 I was looking to hook my computer up in our kitchen/dinning room and wanted the option of watching TV when not on the computer . This monitor works perfect . We do not have it hooked up to a HD broadcast , so it looks better from about 4 feet away than right up next to it . But either way it still looks good . I love surfing the internet and watching the basketball game in the PIP . We do n't haver it hooked up to a stereo and use the TV speakers and it sounds GREAT ! It has a lot of set up options to get the picture looking its best . And the remote has gread functions and is easy to use.The monitor , itself , looks great . We always get great compliments from our friends !
 My intended use for this system - Samsung SyncMaster 940MW - was to function as both PC monitor and provide TV/DVD viewing . I found the Display excellent from Windows XP , as well as from Fedora Core 5 and Open Suse 10.1 distros . The Windows XP drive recognized the monitor immediately enough to display 1024 x 768 until I could load the monitor driver . At that point I was able to display 1440 x 900 resolution . It takes some time to get used to the display . The DVD/TV display was also very good . The 8 ms response time and 700:1 contrast ratio was very good for the LCD 's in the price range . BTW - the Best Buy salesman stated the TV 's featured 8 ms response times so I should not be giving up much if anyting by choosing this over a TV , at least in this range.You can change from wide -LRB- 1440 x 900 -RRB- to 4x3 ratio on the fly which would allow 1024 x 768 or 800 x 600 resolutions without appearing distorted . -LRB- I wish I had tested the 4 x 3 mode when I inserted my Linux drives , as this may have saved me some grief.The Fedora and Suse distro recognized the fact that it was a SyncMaster monitor but could not handle the display . The instructions on the CD tell you the modify the X86config file but dont give you the settings to enter . Syncmaster , 1440 X 900 , 60 Hz , BTW.I ended up reinstalling both distros -LRB- since i had no data worth saving -RRB- On the resinstall , The Fedora distro allowed me to perform a GUI install , whereas I has to install the Suse distro in text mode . Once both distros were installed I was able to use 1440 x 900 for the Suse distro and 1280 x 960 for the Fedora distro . Auto Adjustment does a nice job of correcting black space at edges.The PIP feature works quite nicely . I am viewing a football game in PIP mode while typing this review.The remote is responsive and reasonably intuitive.This representa a large improvement over the TV Tuner card I was using.One downside is that the documentation is contained on the CD included . You might want to review the CD before you swap out monitors.All in all , an excellent purchase . Best Buy was asking about 350 as of this writing . Better yet they will honor the Samsung 3 year warrenty , no extended warrenty contract required .
 Sure its a more expensive product , compared to other comparable , or supposedly comparable products , however , you get what you pay for . In this era of mass everything and relatively shoddy quality it is good to see that Samsung , at least from my experience , walks the talk in product quality.Very good viewing , very good set up , no problems , no drama , ahhhhhh , the price of luxury i guess !
 Some great reviews here of the 940MW , and I purchased mine -LRB- it 's being closed out , I believe -RRB- on a super sale based on them . Thanks , folks . I 'd like to add a couple of items.Dot pitch on the unit is 0.282 . This is fair for a monitor . I have a Dell Ultrasharp that 's under 0.25 and the difference is quite noticeable . Lower , of course , is better.Picture processing in TV-type applications is very good ; better than Samsung 's 720p 2007 LCD HDTVs , in my view . -LRB- Of course , the set comes with a standard NTSC tuner for analog over-the-air broadcasting , so will need a converter box eventually to pick up digital -- ugh . -RRB- I 'm using this as a transportable monitor and TV , so want to mate it with a DVD player on occasion . Am using the excellent Sony DVP-NS75H -LRB- see my review -RRB- . This monitor can play DVDs in upscaled HD and you 'll be pretty amazed at what you get from some DVDs -LRB- not much difference with some movies produced with digital in mind , like LOTR , but most certainly on older content -RRB- . It 's a little bit of a work-around , though , and not documented in the manual , as I recall.HERE 'S HOW
 I 've had my 940MW for over a year . When 1st received , after turning on , it would work for 5 to 10 minutes and then cut off . I tried removing and re-pluging in the power cord and it would work for a few minutes and then the monitor would again cut off . Then I tried a different approach . I removed the power cord and squeezed the end that goes to the monitor with regular pliars . SINCE THEN , THE MONITOR HAS NOT ` TURNED ITSELF OFF ' ONCE!I believe that what was happening , in my case anyway , was the power cord connection at the monitor would heat up and expand and break the flow of AC . Squeezing the power cord with the pliars ` tightened up ' the connection allowing the cord to maintain contact . I looked at the monitors plug hole after removing the power cord , and the connection lugs were inset into the monitor farther that I think they should be . I think that that caused the problem.Don ' t know if this helps anyone else.That is the only reason I do n't give this monitor a 5 rating .
 I purchase this LCD for the kitchen and it just was the perfect height . I am using Dish analog and was scare that picture would be grainy and to my surprise it was very clear and had alot of detail . DVDs were just `` excellent '' to view . I have to tilt the screen upward a little to aline the LCD for a perfect picture since it is set back to the wall and the height is the same as the cabinets above it . I may get a wall mount ; but not sure of the type either one on the wall to have extenabilities or fixed to the wall with only tilt capabilities.I compared it to a open box Insignia 15 '' Best Buy Brand and it was not even fair to do ; since the Insignia was a 4:3 and it was an EDTV with 1024 X 760 and 500:1 contracts.You can view it from the sides and still see the picture clearly without washout . In addition ; it has a `` Zoom '' setting for auto resizing of the picture to fill it up for DVDs and regular TV programming in analog . It 's a tremendous feature that enlarges and sizes the picture to get the best views without any distortion.This LCD does not include optical input for sound . The RCA input is on the side as well as the S-Video . Composite inputs is located in back however . There is connections for HDMI and computer RGB video monitor input too.I would reccommend this LCD to anyone wanting HDTV ready TV.I paided $ 390 for it ; but compare to the market place ; I thing its a good deal .
 For $ 300 you get a widescreen computer monitor which is great for gaming and an HD compatible TV Tuner with Picture in Picture in computer mode . Watch TV while working or playing on the PC . You can move the picture to all four corners and resize it to widescreen or even a distorted half-screen . I researched many inexpensive monitors w / TV Tuner before selecting this one and six months later I am still glad I made this choice .
 Ok , I give it 5 stars although out of four I bought , two would not charge properly , but at 3.99 it was worth the extra effort to get them going . Here is the problem with some of these , the batteries have been sitting a while , so after you charge it for a few minutes , some of these may show they are charged , even though they are not . The batteries need to be cycled in these and all of mine have come back to life . Here is what you can do to help bring them back ... 1 -RRB- Charge unit until LED goes green -LRB- with a battery that needs to be cycled , it may show its charged after a few minutes . With battery that is in good shape and being dead , it should take around 4 hours to charge -RRB- 2 -RRB- Unplug charger and turn on unit . It may go dead after a few minutes , thats OK . After it shuts itself off , wait 10 minutes.Repeat the steps above and it should come back to life . The most I repeated the above steps were 4 times before it accepted a full charge , and all mine work now . Hope this helps someone if theirs does not take a proper charge ...
 I , too , think this battery pack works GREAT ! I tried it for my Blackberry -LRB- I let it run down as low as it would go without it shutting off -RRB- and it charged my Blackberry enough for a whole day 's use , and then some . A week went by without my charging up the B&D Pocket Power before I used it again , this time on my iPod . It was still able to charge my 80GB iPod . I use my iPod for music AND videos and , with the charge from Pocket Power , I even had enough battery power to watch my videos , which is energy-intensive . I have even tried charging my Canon EOS camera battery and it extended my use of the camera . I am buying another one for my trips to Europe -- not every hotel room there is equipped with as many outlets as we enjoy here and a travelling family can only stay up so long in the evenings vying for outlets to charge their electronics . It 's not that heavy or bulky to take . However , despite all my accolades , remember that the sole function of this is as a BACK-UP -LRB- note the emphasis on back-up ! -RRB- ; you should keep it fully charged when you have the opportunity to -LRB- because it does take many hours to charge -RRB- for those times in a pinch when you need it to charge something else that you forgot or did n't have the opportunity to . Hey , life 's a juggling act -- it would be remiss of me to say that a little 5x3x1 box will end all our electronics charging woes !
 This battery pack has a USB port that I can confirm works with the iPhone 3G . The battery is a 1200 mAh NiMH battery that should just about charge an iPhone 3G from 0 % to 100 % .
 This is an awesome product it charges super fast . I dont know what the other reviewer is talking about i can get 2 charges out of this even when i use my extended iPpod battery this is one product every person with an ipod should have .
 I bought three of these , and they are very useful . There is a USB port and a regular 110 plug , so you can use it with anything that will take a USB cable for power and can also use it with you regular chargers for things like cell phones , PDA 's , and even the Kindle . It 's a little heavy , but not bad considering that it is a battery . Nice back-up for use on an airplane if you think you might run low on battery power . I bought mine `` dirt cheap '' from two different vendors on Amazon . If you search for this item on the Web , you will find some outrageous prices . I think the regular list is something like $ 59.95 , and I would never pay that . I got mine for less than $ 10 -LRB- I do n't even want to know why they were that cheap -RRB- .
 I was interested in using this 20 watt battery pack to power my modem/router during power outages so that I could have internet access . Testing a fully charged unit , I set my laptop to stream internet radio and the B & D device powered my modem/router -LRB- a Zoom ADSL X6 -RRB- for 1 hour and 10 minutes . Since this product has a niMH battery and I was concerned about self-discharge , I ran another test after the battery pack had been recharged and then unplugged and left alone for a week . This time it powered the modem/router for just over an hour . I also used it to power the Zenith DTT 901 tv converter box and got over 2 hours viewing time with it . I also tested a second unit with nearly identical results.I have seen numerous complaints about these units - underperforming or not working on various electronics , so maybe I was just lucky , but I am exceptionally well pleased with this product and have purchased several more for family members .
 This has to be one of the best product thati have bought . Only bad thing is you cant hook up everything to it or it will overload .
 There are two sizes , the small 800 MAH unit -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- & the large 2000 MAH -LRB- 5 hours -RRB- unit . I purchased the small 10 watt unit & was VERY disappointed so I returned it . It took 17 hour charge for only 2 hours of my XM radio use which was insane . I then purchased the ` heavy ' 20 watt unit with much better results . I used it to power my XM radio for 5 hours and it works well to recharge my cell phone twice . It will also power a LED 2 watt -LRB- 45 watt equiv -RRB- light bulb for 7 hours . It also charges in 17 hours but the power available is more satisfactory . I WILL KEEP IT . It will work better if the Lithium Ion version is ever developed .
 The product works as promised . I was hoping to get 12V DC out the charge port since that 's the charge voltage . That port is blocked as an output .
 This is a must have item for every home ! I was without electricity after Hurricane Ike and I was able to fully charge my cell phone and iPod using the battery pack . When my electricity was restored , I was able to charge it and pass it on to friends without service so that they can at least charge their phones . This process will continue until everyone 's service is restored . I am ordering some to give as Christmas gifts .
 did find it works after confusion of lites due to no spec sheet . works but only for hour or so
 I found the video results from this camera outstanding ; clear and crisp with perfect color . I also found this camera easier to load tape and battery than my old Hitachi Hi-8 . However , I find using the controls of this camera somewhat difficult and cumbersome . If you ca n't afford a Sony Digital Hi-8 camera , I suggest this JVC compact camcorder . With Super VHS-C tape in the camera and Super VHS tape in the JVC VHS recorder , for the price , you ca n't go wrong .
 attaches easily ; a little narrow for a heavy Nikon with a motor drive and a tele - lens , but works fine with a simple camera and lens .
 Installation was a breeze , finally got rid of the hole in the wall , cables running out spiderweb mess . Worth every penny
 The Ventor surround sound system is very easy to use . Turning it on and working it is a snap . This system has excelent sound , you feal like you are right there in the movie . And it looks very attrative in your home anywere .
 I use mostly hotshoe speedlites - they 're easy to use , portable and not terribly expensive . The problem comes when you try to do stuff with that light - most accessories for speedlites are either small/compact -LRB- and do n't do much but ARE expensive -RRB- or are big and bulky -LRB- softboxes with grids , etc. . -RRB- That 's when I came across this one - looking for something more than just an umbrella as a light modifier , but not much more in terms of price or size , I found the Softlighter - a neat little accessory that opens/closes like an umbrella , fits into the same size bag as an umbrella , but has a diffuser panel!This is basically a reflective umbrella with spokes on the corners - you pop it open and then attach the white diffuser cover on top of the spokes , and then stick your speedlite or larger flash inside . Sounds easy , but it takes some time to get used to - I would have liked for the diffuser panel to be attached to the umbrella -LRB- while it 's not too hard of a process , it takes a bit of time to get used to , especially if you 're setting up/tearing down the system . Also trying to navigate it to get the flash/stand pointing inside the softlighter is a bit tricky -LRB- it uses a `` sock '' in the center , so you have to work the flash into fitting inside there -- this also makes it difficult to change power levels.Another problem here is getting the flash straight-on -- the sock is in the middle of the unit -LRB- where the umbrella-pole goes -RRB- , and most hotshoe flashes -LRB- especially with wireless transmitters -RRB- stand 6 + inches high , which will set it off balance from the center . I fixed this by using an umbrella adapter -LRB- to hold the umbrella -RRB- with a micro ballhead on top of it -LRB- to angle the flash pointing to the center of the softlighter -RRB- . Not the easiest or cheapest solution , but it works.I found the light spread to be nice from a 580EXII -LRB- and even the smaller flashes like a YN460II -RRB- . I went for the 46 '' as I did n't thought the 60 '' might be a bit too large for these flashes -LRB- unless you put 2 inside the softlighter -RRB- . It 's a definitely change -LRB- improvement , in my opinion -RRB- over a standard umbrella - if gives a much softer light -LRB- hence the name ! -RRB- -- I 'm sure it uses a bit more power , but if you need this type of look , it 's your best option -LRB- and does n't cost much more than an umbrella -RRB- . The bag it comes in is also very nice and folds up very compact . Another nice extra is that the umbrella shaft detaches -LRB- screws off -RRB- allowing you to get in very close without poking your subject with the pole . Note that the 7mm diameter version -LRB- used for certain larger flashes -RRB- does not detach.Also keep in mind you 'll want a lightstand , umbrella adapter and hotshoe transmitter of some sort -LRB- wireless , ETTL cable , PC Sync cable , etc. . -RRB- to use this . The unit only comes with the umbrella , cover and bag .
 I 'm a huge fan of the 46 '' Softlighter . It 's basically an Octabox with added versatility for under $ 70 . If you need a big , soft light for portraits , you ca n't really beat this model for sheer bang-for-the-buck . I love that you can remove half of the umbrella shaft to get it even closer to your subject . For headshots , I position it just out of the camera frame to simulate a large window light.I 've seen a few complains here and there about the Softlighter 's durability but I 've knocked mine over a few times and it 's still in tip-top shape.Just be aware that if you use speedlights -LRB- as I do -RRB- , the Softlighter eats up a lot of light . If you need to shoot at f/16 at ISO 100 with a speedlight you 're going to have some problems.Also , if you 're using a speedlight , you might want to consider adding a cheap ballhead to get the flash parallel with the umbrella shaft to get even coverage.Highly recommended as a first light modifier , since you can also use it as a bounce/shoot through umbrella .
 This is one of those rare products where the return on investment is far greater than the original investment . This modifier produces a beautiful wrapping soft light from virtually any source . Although you really get the best output when using a studio light qt least 300w/s or more , you can also get beautiful , light from the smallest of speed lights so long as you move it in VERY close to your subject . The softlightet was first recommended to me by David Hobby `` The Strobist '' at the infamous Flash Bus tour , and for quite a while after the tour yu could n't find this product anywhere ! Fortunately suppliers have restocked their shelves qnd you can once again find this awesome lighting modifier fairly easily . You wo n't find a better value than this item . This is particularly a good choice when you do n't need a highly directional source of light . Similar to an umbrella with the black backing on it , this source tends to send light in a fairly broad area , although not as broad of an Arequipa as a regular reflective umbrella .
 I am always experimenting with my light sources , so when I heard about the rave reviews for the Soflighter , I decided to get one and try it out . Unlike other items that get great reviews , this one is under 100 dollars . I 'm not sure why nobody thought about this before . All it is , is an umbrella with a diffusion panel in the front of it.It gives you that same wrap-around light as an umbrella , except that the panel in the front further diffuses the light giving you that soft dreamy look almost like a diffusion lens/filter . This is not the type of lighting you might want to use for character studies when strong shadows , or contrasty features are needed . This light virtually eliminates all the shadows on the face of your subject . Even stray hairs on the model 's face do NOT produce any ugly shadows like other lighting sources which is great -LRB- less time in photoshop -RRB- . Harsh wrinkles are subtantially softened which is a plus for the ladies.I have n't tried it yet , but I would assume that the Softlighter might work well with wedding portraits since it tends to give everything a dreamy appearance . The color balance is very natural -LRB- window like -RRB- , without any noticeable color shifts like some of the cheaper brand of softboxes on the market . It was pretty easy to set up too , although I had to use gaffer tape so that the gold/silver enhancing discs that go inside the umbrella did not fall off . When I tightened the screw around the umbrella shaft , immediately there was a noticeable sctratch on the shaft , so just like regular umbrellas I would be real careful with it during rough and tumble shoots . Another con is that even the 46 '' is rather bulky and takes up allot of room . I could imagine outdoors with the wind blowing . Good thing the Softlighter comes in a smaller less bulky 36 '' package.Other than that , it works as advertised . I did not have any problems inserting my Norman LH2 flash-head into the unit , although I used a reflector to keep the umbrella material from touching the bulb . If you are looking for more directional lighting however , one that produces more modeling shadows , more contrasty colors , contour and depth , I would stick with a regular Softbox . All in all , for the price this unit definately complements any lighting system and it is real easy to carry , set up and break down .
 wow ... what a perfect one light portrait shooter . portable , lightweight with easy assembly and takedown . Should be a standard in any photographers tool bag .
 I am pleased with the product overall . The build is not as sturdy as it looks in the pictures but there is no doubt in my mind that they will last a long time . I couldnt use softboxes on my current lights , so these were the best alternative .
 I 'll start with the negatives : As someone else wrote , the tip-to-tip measurement is n't 54 '' . I just measured mine , and it 's around 42 '' . That 's a big difference . False advertising , I think it fair to say.Also -LRB- as the other writer wrote -RRB- it 's odd that the sock -LRB- which fits around your light -RRB- is centered in the diffuser panel . Most everyone 's lights are offset a bit -LRB- the shaft fits * next * to the light , not the middle -RRB- , and so to get it to fit , you have to bend the umbrella quite a bit -LRB- which then deforms the reflector , because the umbrella is the reflector -RRB- . Now the positives : That said , it does work , and the photographic results I 've gotten are very good . All things considered , it 's a good way to add a pseudo-softbox to your lights , for about $ 70 . Better options are available , but they cost more , may be heavier , and take up more space . So , I view this as a good low-cost option , for those who are n't ready to plunk down thousands on a more sophisticated system .
 If you take your photography seriously , get this . The light output is amazingly soft and easily controlled with this setup . Takes 30 seconds to setup , unlike minutes with traditional softboxes and works quite amazingly in a mobile setup -LRB- I use this with my Elinchrom handheld boom and a capable assistant -RRB- . If you know who Annie Leibovitz is , you 'll know what this can do .
 The Nikon SB-28 flash was the top-shelf flash back when the F5 and F100 were available new . I 've used the SB-28 with my F100 with flawless results and now I use it with my D90 with flawless results . On the D90 , the SB-28 is manual only , but with `` chimping '' I actually get even better results than I get with my F100 . You just have to recognize what the lcd monitor on the D90 is showing you ; I can usually dial down the flash to improve the shadows enough to show detail . Settings on it include 1/1 to 1/64 on manual setting and if you shoot film + / - 3 stops exposure compensation in TTL mode.I get a Nikon flash , save money , and get high-end quality by choosing the SB-28 over an SB-600 or SB-700 . Unfortunately , it seems they are no longer dropping in price and are actually becoming more expensive . If you can find one at a good price , get one . You wo n't regret it .
 I own a Nikon SB-28 flash , as well as a SB-600 . The SB-28 will work on a Nikon D200 camera , you just do n't get TTL mode ; see page 178 of the Nikon D200 user guide.The SB-28 has the advantage , in my opinion , of displaying distance whereas the SB-600 does n't in the Manual mode .
 Using this flash as a remote is very easy . Put it on manual , put on the radio receiver and start shooting ! This is easy to use and effective in lighting dark areas not covered by my primary flash . Cam-O-Rama said it was like new and it is , clean , works well , in box with sleeve and manual . Highly recommended for use as a remote flash but not compatible with most digital cameras as a primary strobe .
 The product delivers the quality i am expecting.GreatNikon SB 28 - Hot-shoe clip-on flash - 36 -LRB- m -RRB-
 Very Satisfied , the order arrived quickly and was packed well & the product meets my expectations.Would not hesitate to make future orders .
 I have used this flash with my Nikon F100 for years with fantastic results ! I tried lesser brands and was disappointed . It 's well worth the money to buy the Nikon SB-28 . That being said , to my surprise , it does not work with my brand new Nikon D200 SLR ! I do n't know if this means it will not work on * any * new digital Nikon SLRs or if there 's simply a compatibility issue with the 200 .
 We Love This Unit Have been Using It For Sometime and IT IS SO SIMPLE TO USE , The Kids Use this To My Great Uncle ! Great Options and Is Obvious Why SONY is is the LEader in Electronics and VCRs I must say they are they best.We have had other Brand VCRs Used and New and They Simply do not Last . . been through others 3-4 inside of a year . . -LRB- we Watch a lot of Movies -RRB- WE LOVE THIS BECUASE WE CAN WATCH ALL OF OUR FAVORITE OLD MOVIES FOR BASICALLY FREE FOREVER ! and TruthFully a Good VCR or VHS PLAYER IS TOUGH TO COME BY , The Kids Use this CONSTANTLY FOR A YEAR Now and Is Totally MAINTENTENCE FREE IN ALL THAT TIME and We Bought it USED !!! This Thing Kicks BUTT!Visually Pleasing as Well!Oh And We Love the Flash Rewind System on this Model , No Need for a Pesky Rewinder seaprate That is Actually Slower than the one Onboard this VCR . And ensures that all your Tapes or VHS 's are Back to STart When you are Ready to Watch them Next If you Choose with the Push of a Button!CANNOT LOSE WITH THIS ONE , WE LOVE and WOULD BUY ANOTHER EXACT MODEL !! IF THIS THING EVER GIVES out But I Doubt it.Good to have a Good VHS PLAYER on Hand to those DVD and BluRay Guys Trust me , You wont Understand Until you buy and get this one ! Unlimited Movies at HigH QUALITY VIEWING WITH THIS MODEL FOR BASICALLY NOTHING !!!!!! PICTURE AND SOUND QUALITY IS AMAZING as Well !!!
 I was very satisfied with the product purchased . My only complaint is the price . The VCR was refurbushed . I paid $ 100 . for it . Should have been a lot cheaper . But I wanted one therefore I bought it . It has been working great .
 I have owned this VCR for many years . I have been able to purchase used ones , and just bought a used one . The one I use presently has started to tape poorly after almost 8 years . I tape 8 hours everyday . I buy Sony VCR 's and am able to use one remote for VCR and TV .
 Product arrived in timely manner in good condition and works fine . I 'm very happy with the service and product .
 This Sony VCR works like new and has the features I wanted.Ron
 I have two other Sony VCRs ... but except for two short comings are no better . These two failing occur in the pause and slow modes in which there is too much video noise . All other features work quite well , with the flash rewind a dream . The remote also deserves high marks for its ease of use.Best of all is the picture quality which ranges from very good to excellent ... I 'd rate it a best buy .
 I bought this Sony SLV-N55 new back in 2002I still have it , works fine , never had a problemwith the unit , however the remote control brokedown -LRB- got melted under a candle flame ! -RRB- withoutthis specific remote you ca n't access the audiofunctions i.e.stereo sound etc. .
 It came through in excellent shape and had everything we need to hook it up immediately and use it often .
 I needed to replace my old VCR , because it quit working . I tried a DVD Recorder , VHS machine , but could not get it to work . Then I found this one and I am Thrilled !
 So ... I got tired of the overpriced IP door phones that never worked right . I used to use these analog Viking door units years ago and remember them being rock solid , but never thought of integrating it with a IP system . I connected this one up to my Asterisk system using a Linksys PAP2T-NA analog telephone adapter . As this Viking unit has a programmable auto dialer , it simply picks up the line and dials my ring group . No problems , no complicated SIP setup , and best of all it 's half the price of those SIP door phones ! I also believe that this one will last longer . Viking has always made quality products and this one is no exception . I do not worry about this phone being exposed in a public area at all.This unit also has adjustable speaker an mic level controls - something that is lacking in the IP door phones . The auto-dialer function could n't be easier to program . Simply flip a DIP switch in the unit and call it from a phone . The unit answers and you punch in the number you want it to dial . Flip the DIP switch back and you 're set!If you 're considering using this with a IP based system but do n't know if it will work , you now have your answer .
 Duh ! - the boy starts to get itGood flash equipment makes great camera equipment even better.I purchased the 3600HS -LRB- D -RRB- and I 'm so impressed with its usefulness and function and quality . The 3600HS -LRB- D -RRB- provides remarkable flash output with the maximum guide number of 118 feet at ISO100 in a compact body that easily attached to my DiMAGE A2 . That 's a lot of firepower coming out of a compact flash unit . No more wimpy built in A2 flash for me.Flash coverage is automatically available from 24mm to 85mm focal lengths , and further extends to the 17mm focal length with the included Wide Angle Adapter . All from one flash unit . I enjoy the way it automatically adjusts when I adjust the focal length of my camera . -LRB- You can hear it zooming when you change the lens focal length . -RRB- Even at 200 mm equiv . the flash coverage was excellent when I zoomed indoors . No more forgetting to change the zoom on the flash and ending up with an over , or under exposed picture . The 3600HS -LRB- D -RRB- assures highly reliable metering accuracy , and this flash is one of a few units in its class that provide High-speed Sync . I was able to snap three flash photos of the dog in just over two seconds . -LRB- NEAT -RRB- The Wireless/Remote High-speed Sync is also available when the 3600HS -LRB- D -RRB- but I have n't experimented with that off-camera flash yet.The flash turns on , and off automatically when I use the A2 . I like that . No more forgetting to turn on , or off , the flash . The camera and the flash ` talk ' to each other and the camera automatically makes the WB decisions and flash duration determinations . I can shoot with it on AUTO , P , S , and A -LRB- as well as M -RRB- . That 's a lot of flexibility!I paid about $ 170 delivered for mine -LRB- here on Amazon -RRB- , so its not cheap , but I am very impressed with its functionality and to be honest , I 'm surprised how much better it has made my Minolta DiMAGE A2 seem . We are now always ready for whatever flash picture situation arises . Bring on the holiday parties and get-togethers ! Now , if I can just learn how to make a good cup of cappuccino ... Or figure out exactly how to pronounce `` DiMAGE ? `` Lyndol
 Since I am fairly new to the world of pro-sumer digital photography I thought I could get by with having just the onboard flash , I was wrong . I found that my indoor and low light pictures with the onboard flash could n't compare to the awesome pictures I was taking in good light with my A2 . I did my research and found that the 3600HS was a good bet for my budget . I bought this flash and started taking much higher quality indoor pictures right off the bat . This thing works seamlessly with my Dimage A2 and it is money well spent . If you are n't sure whether or not to buy an external flash , you can take it from me that if you go with this guy here you wo n't be wrong . The only complaint that I have is it 's size , It is fairly large .
 The little flash that comes with most cameras is fine for close ups , great for convenience , but falls short for taking great pictures . This flash will take your photography to a new level . The 3600HS pivots upwards so you can bounce the light off the ceiling , eliminating red eye . You will see more color even in well lit outdoor conditions . And it will eliminate shadows on your subjects much better than the little one that comes with the camera . It will have an effect at a far greater range too .
 This was an excellent addition to my Dimage A1 . It integrates perfectly with the cameras computer . When you zoom , it zooms and always generates the correct amount of light for the shot .
 When I updated to a DSLR I had to replace my polarizing filters because the linear type that I have for my film cameras will not work with the new metering system and auto-focus features of my new camera . I purchased two high-end multi-coated filters for my 58mm and 82mm lenses . Those filters are beautiful - and hugely expensive . In fact , those filters cost me more -LRB- each -RRB- than what used to be the price of a moderately priced lens -LRB- in the `` old days '' -RRB- . And what do you know - I needed another one ! This one was to be a 55mm and again the super-quality circular polarizing filters were pricey.The fact of the matter is , a multi-coated filter definitely will transmit more light and is better when you 're shooting into the light . But polarizing filters have the greatest effect when the lens is pointed at roughly a 90-degree angle to the sun . With a lens hood on the lens -LRB- and protecting the filter -RRB- this means that virtually no direct light is hitting the filter - just ambient light . Pointing the camera at the sun with a polarizing filter will have no effect on the sky . For me , I take filters off when I 'm shooting into the sun . So in short , the multi-coating is n't as useful on a polarizing filter for my type of shooting.I already had a 77mm filter of the same type as this and found it worked very well on both my Canon EF 24-105mm f/4L IS USM and Canon EF 70-200mm f/2 .8 L IS II USM lenses . The color is normal not green or purple or amber like some `` cheap '' polarizing filters . And when not shooting directly into the sun , I am getting very good contrast and sharpness . Not to mention that the polarizing effect is very good and I have no problems with auto-focus or metering.The point is , for less than $ 20 , I have a perfectly good , well made circular polarizing filter that works great on my Planar 1:2.8 f = 80mm Carl Zeiss T * lens that I have adapted for use on my Canon 5D Mark II . When I have a few extra dollars , I might purchase the high-end , multi-coated super filter , but for now this works just fine - even making images indistinguishable from those made with the `` super filter '' in place.Great Deal ; Great results ; Happy Man !
 As a new photographer I needed something that would produce the contrast needed with the skyline . This filter does an excellent job for us newbies , without the high cost . I recommend this product . If you own a top of the line $ -LSB- ... -RSB- then I would n't , but then again , you 're probably not shopping on Amazon.com .
 I bought this Hoya 55mm Circ Polarizer filter for my Sony SLT A 55 and I must say that I have liked the results that this filter has produced . I am not a very pro photographer but like to add filters sometimes and this serves my purpose . I would recommend this if you dont want to spend a lot of money yet want a very good filter .
 This is a MUST HAVE for any big-time photographer ! This makes the biggest difference in the summer time , around the beach , lake , pond , river , etc. . Makes photos much more professional , and also gives your shotsmore depth of field ! On top of all that , the look of the black lens makes it SO cool ! Stunning tool , and it wont burn a hole in your pocket either -LRB- it 's cheap -RRB- . Definitely worth the little price tag !
 I got it on time , and my glass filter was completely protected in bubble wrap materials . I could n't have asked for anything else .
 I did not get to try it on my camera because I made the mistake of ordering the wrong size but I wanted to keep it .
 I have bought this Hoya 55mm Circular Polarizer for My Nikon F-80 . My camera mount is 52mm , so i had to use a filter ring of 55-52 . Found nice result with this filter .
 I absolutely love this product ! The Wishlist feature is probably my favorite feature , because we are gone a lot and this way we do n't have to worry about missing a program .
 This item only delivers one channel in HD , which I knew , and the other in basic . What I did n't know and maybe should have if I 'd read all the details is that you also need a monthly or annual subscription to services and a specific router to hook it up to your wireless internet . I purchased it as a gift and the young man promptly purchased the router and his annual subsciption , but I would have likely found a different DVR if I had known those things . If you are not savvy with online downloads and other services and do not have a wireless internet connection , do not purchase this ! If you do and only need one HD channel , this is a great buy .
 The TiVo has a mind of it 's own . It Tapes programs it thinks we 'll like . I love it .
 We bought this to replace our current TiVo unit , which we have LOVED , but is starting to go bad on us and only has 35 hours recording space . We did not realize before buying this that it is n't completely compatible with all satellite/cable systems . The dual tuner functions do n't work with DirecTV so you ca n't record two shows , or watch one show while recording another . And as much as I love TiVo , we love our DirecTV even more , so we had to return it . We 're now stuck with a generic DVR thru DirecTV and man do I miss the TiVo !
 Excellent for what I want it to do . I use it as a second TIVO in master BR . HD TIVO in FR .
 I got this for Christmas , it 's fantastic . The only draw back is that I still have n't gotten the dual band working correctly due to my schedule . That 's the only problem so far that I 've been experiencing so far.The reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is the ridiculous amount of updates I had d = to download to be able to get access to everything . But it 's still great !
 Not much to say but that this is a great product . What I like the best other than skipping through commercials and being able to watch what I want when I want ? Being able to watch amazon.com movies , listening to our rhapsody account from out tv , and being able to search for actors , movies , and subjects and then have them recorded for us .
 bought tivo so i could watch tv in my own time - plus there is little on tv i enjoy anymore - with tivo i record programs i want and i can watch any time i can . it is very easy . i do n't even use all the features yet .
 For the price , you ca n't beat the Series2 DT Tivo . We owned two single-tuner Tivos before buying this one . Watching one live show while recording another was a real pain . My only complaint with this Tivo is that the subscription plans are going up in price and may end up being out of reach for our budget . We 're able to swing it now , but if they raise the rates next year I 'm not so sure.I 'd still rather own the Series3 HD unit , but since I 'm not upgrading my cable service anytime soon , this was a fine investment . I 've upgraded it with a Seagate DB35 750GB hard drive , giving us more than 200 hours of best quality recording space .
 I was real pleased with the Tivo system . Had a few problems when I first set it up with error messages , but got assistance and fixed problem .
 TiVo TCD649080 Series2 80-Hour Dual-Tuner Digital Video RecorderI gave the TiVo Series2 to my mother and father for a Xmas present . They love surfing TV listing this way . My mother is 71 and still works . She 'll never miss another television program again . I ca n't wait until entertainment technology takes us in a new direction . Vincent
 After being told that my TiVO would not work with Dish Network , from Dish Network Support , I still bought the TiVO and find out that it works just fine . I am still trying to figure out the dual tuner feature but so far I am happy that I can record , step away , and go to bed on time without thinking twice of what am I missing.One draw back to far , if a program time if off you might lose some of what you are watching because TiVO some how does n't know that the program started late and ended beyond the allotted time .
 I recieved one for christmas last year , and fell in love with it ! I bought my wife one for her birthday , and she 's in love with it more than I am !!
 good deal on this one . bought it for $ 99 with a $ 100 service gift card . will make a great xmas gift for my son . first box arrived doa . amazon support was fabulous and shipped out the replacement right away . called on a monday morning and received the replacement unit tuesday afternoon .
 i have a prostate problem and find I have to go to the bathroom quite often , so I find the stop button quite useful to hold the picture till I get back to the program and start it from where I left off .
 I no longer schedule my day around TV , I can enjoy any program at any time ! I set my TIVO at night before going to bed and do n't concern myself about missing any of my favorite programs any more ! THANK YOU ! THANK YOU ! THANK YOU !
 I like how easy & User friendly Tivo is to use . Easy to look programs up , schedule recording 's and / or set a Season Pass , and then to scroll thru to playback my favorite shows when I finally have time to sit & watch . : - -RRB-
 when tivo was first available we bought one for our son , when he went to iraq in 2003 with the USMC he installed the tivo at our house and we got hooked . rather than watching the news we recorded EVERY COMEDY show and watched them - the tivo got us through his deployment .
 I am late to the TiVo service but I love my Tivo ! So , I waited a few years , and got my Tivo for just a few dollars over a hundred which is an awesome price . When I went to the Tivo website , they only sell the latest generation and those cost three times as much . I have been eyeing Tivo for awhile , so I knew this was the version that I needed for my particular configuration of input and TV type . When you buy a Tivo , I highly recommend that you do a bit of research to make sure that you are purchasing a Tivo that will work for you . I have cable with no box and an analog TV , so this Tivo model let 's me record two channels at the same time . If you are more up-to-date with your provider equipment and television type , you may not want this particular Tivo . I do n't think it has the space HD will need , and it does n't record two digital channels at the same time . If you have the latest and greatest service and television , such as HD TV with HD digital cable/satellite service , then you wo n't be pleased with this Tivo . This is more old school for the thrifty.I tried recording at ` Best Quality ' and at basic quality - no difference visible to me , so I get the full 80 hours by using basic quality . I purchased the wireless receiver , added my wireless network to the Tivo box , and voila - I can download movies from Amazon and Blockbuster , for purchase or rental . If you want to use Netflix as your source to download movies , then you need a newer Tivo model , not this one . I have n't tried copying the shows from my Tivo to my hard drive and burning a DVD yet , but this whole setup process has been so incredibly easy that I have no doubt that will be easy also . It took me just a few minutes to remove my old dvd/vcr combo and replace it with the Tivo . It is so easy that I ca n't believe I did n't get Tivo years and years ago . But I aspire to be thrifty , so I waited . And I am now very happy with my Tivo price , service , functionality , everything . It has brought me back to TV watching enjoyment .
 We got tired of the ridiculous cost of digital cable and paired this TiVo with basic cable -LRB- the basic , basic cable with only the first 20 or so channels -RRB- . Now , we record and watch some of the quality shows on `` regular '' TV and we are going to sign up for Amazon.com 's digital movie rentals and our TiVo will access from them from our computer.Our cable recorder was not reliable at all . It did n't record all of the shows we set up and sometimes you could n't access the shows that it did record . It has been wonderful using our new TiVo !! It has been 100 % reliable with recording and playing shows . With our wireless adapter , TiVo connected easily with our computer , where we can access our digital movies , images , etc.The TiVo on-screen menu is very user-friendly and there are plenty of videos from TiVo to help get you acquainted with many of its features . We think it is so much easier to locate and record a show with the TiVo compared to our cable TV 's service .
 Simple enough so my mother can find her programs and convenient for me -- I do n't have to call the house and yell at our father to put a tape in the VCR so she can watch her shows after she 's finished shopping . The season pass manager is fantastic!I bought this model after paying for my mother 's -- and realized I needed one as well . Tivo changes the way I watch TV . I work a graveyard shift and only AFTER I 've gotten my Tivo can I watch all these shows that I 've only heard about !
 I upgraded to the 80 hr duel tuner from a 40 hr single tuner . The change was mainly since tivo 's now have a small initial cost -LRB- there 's usually a tivo rebate available -RRB- , so I might as well get the the extra space and the extra tuner.The upgrade was very noticeable ; almost immediately I wondered how I ever got by with just the single tuner . During prime time I would often have to miss one show in order to record another , that problem is now solved . Additionaly being able to watch something else while the tivo records just adds to the control you have over when you watch something.I now have the old tivo in my bedroom , connected wirelessly to the new one . I 'm able to watch something off of the dual tuner on the single tuner as its transfering , however it is n't fast enough to be able to fast forward more than a couple minutes , so you 're going to get the commercials in that case . Not a big deal , and not tivo 's fault . Occasionally I have to unplug and replug in the wireless transmitter -LRB- purchased seperately -RRB- to get a higher transfer rate , but I 'm not certain if that is the tivo or adapters fault .
 My roommates and I are n't sure how we ever lived without our TiVo . The product is really easy to use and this 80 hour version has plenty of space for a whole house to be happy because the recorder lets you prioritize the shows you record with the season pass manager by not only order and number of shows kept , but also recording quality so shows like Full House do n't dominate your memory!I love TiVo and so do all of my friends . We never miss any of our favorite shows any more !
 Tivo is a great service and well worth the extra costs compared to the cable or satellite company DVR . It works well , is reliable , and will truly change the way you watch tv . The downside to all this is that most Tivo boxes -LRB- except for the expensive Series3 -RRB- all rely on analog cable connections . This will be a problem in the future , as cable companies move away from analog systems and to digital systems . -LRB- Of course , there are work-arounds , but they are n't very elegant or cost effective -RRB- . As long as you know this limitation , and that the future of the Tivo Series2 is limited - it 's the best thing since sliced bread and well worth every penny !
 After using a DVR from the cable company that was `` state of the art , '' I yelled
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter , she set it up by herself and has really enjoyed it .
 Ca n't say enough good things about Tivo . I especially like this one with the dual tuner . I had an older one with a single tuner , which sometimes required complicated logistics if I was going to have more than one show on at a time.For me , Tivo is kind of like the internet . I do n't know how I ever got by without it.My only minor complaint is that the subscription fees are more than they used to be .
 Whatever did I do before my TiVo ?? This product has performed as promised . No sweat with the set-up and veddy-veddy user-friendly !! I highly recommend it to anyone .
 My husband and I gave each other a TIVO Dual Tuner TCD649080 for Christmas . These were upgrades from old single tuners . The added convenience of recording two programs in the same time slot or watching live TV on one station and recording on another is fantastic ! No more running to another room to finish watching a live program when TIVO wants to record a program we 'd previously programmed . AND we just fast forward through commercials ! Then we networked them wireless off of one of the computers - no more phone cords - NOW we can watch any recorded program resident on any of the TIVO 's from any TV/TIVO in the house ! Great Quality of Life improvement for busy people .
 This is the second Tivo recorder I have . Works great ! I connected this one to our cablevision and it records all the daytime programs on several channels for my wife and monther-in-law . all they have to do is remember to watch them . it just sits there day after day and does its job . no problems , easy to follow instructions for set-up . This thing will do a lot more than i will ever need it to do , like send recorded programs to another unit ... but its worth the money just for recording two shows at one time . jim
 Got this to have at my son 's house when I visit . I love it ! They love it too ! Easily set up , never miss a show again !!
 We have Dish Network but have discontinued most of the regular and local channels -LRB- get OTA HD for locals via antenna -RRB- . I just subscribe to 2 international channels which are a must for my family . After building a computer PVR and loading Sage TV software I found out that it was very user unfriendly . Finally I got a good deal on Amazon -LRB- $ 185 with $ 150 rebate -RRB- and bit the bait . What the heck , it would only cost me $ 30 plus a year 's programming -LRB- $ 129 -RRB- . Well I am hooked . My wife , who was very skeptical of it -LRB- based on my previous attempts -RRB- was pleasantly surprised to see that it was so easy to program and watch events . The picture quality is very good . Sometimes a different program records but it may be due to Dish switching the programming in the last minute.If the disk gets full often I will buy a larger 500 G disk and replace it . It is fairly easy to do it . I might even consider purchasing lifetime programming if the 1st year goes without a hitch .
 After spending years with Cox Communications DVRs -LRB- Motorola and then Scientific Atlanta -RRB- and dealing with all the problems they cause -LRB- not recording everything , not recording at all , crashing , dying etc. -RRB- we decided to try TiVo . I have yet to find a flaw with this piece of equipment.It records what its supposed to , when its supposed to . I love my new TiVo .
 This is my third Tivo unit . After many years of faithful service , my second tivo started to give me trouble . Although both units have 80GB HDs in them , this new one features dual turners so I can record two shows at once . With the rebate that was in effect at the time of purchase , the final cost was $ 68.00 . Considering it would have been over -LSB- ... -RSB- to repair the other Tivo , this was a no brainer . Be aware that the series 2 Tivos can not handle HDTV . If you have HDTV , you need to get the series 3 Tivo .
 I am so grateful for the reviews posted here that warned me that set-up could be a nightmare . Since I was prepared , I was n't surprised when it took four calls to tech support to get wired up and running . The first call took almost an hour , which got me connected through a receiver so that I could use my speakers , not my TV 's speakers . I was treated with great patience and kindness , despite my extreme lack of competence with this type of thing . The next two calls -LRB- to get the TIVO wireless USB adapter connected to the internet -RRB- were much less helpful , but the fourth call set everything straight quickly.As for TIVO itself , now that I have a few weeks under my belt , it is easy to program , and a quantum leap into the 21st century for us .
 If God did n't exist man would create him ... If TiVo did n't exist we might still care about God.Don ' t settle for DVR 's . With tivo 's keyword and thumbs up/down based auto recording , it 's far better than the wanna-be 's . I 've had tivo for about four years now and I could never go back to normal TV . You 'll be watching a lot more shows in a lot less time and never end up watching infomercials or Lifetime Original Movies again !
 I love the TiVo . It is awesome . I was n't aware that it only works for a few days , and then it says you must subscribe to the TiVo service -LRB- monthly fee -RRB- to keep using it . Also , if you buy something with a mail in rebate , you have to print that rebate form off right then or you will never get your rebate . You ca n't go back and print it later . I thought that a form would come in the mail , but it did n't . They say you can go back to a rebate page on amazon and put your purchase number in to get your rebate , but that did not work . I got screwed out of my rebate . I will probably never buy anything from amazon again that has a mail in rebate .
 I just got the DT box to replace 2 tivo series boxes . Basically you get the same box with the excepttion of recording 2 shows . For me was better because now I pay only 1 bill insead for 2 boxes.But tivo has been very slow to release better boxes . If my cable company would have a better box that does n't crash I 'd be using it . Thee box has 2 tuners , HD , more space and etc. . . Tivo 2 dt is not worth it for new subscribers . But for returning tivo users then yes .
 When you have a busy schedule , Tivo records your favorite shows . I 've moved a couple of times and I do n't have to reprogram my Tivo , just plug it in and set the location , and I get to watch when I have the time , and not when the schedule permits .
 I think that I have a Series 1 and a Series 2 with a lifetime guarantee , paid in full . My children gave them to me when they up-graded . I hope to get the 4 DVR premier one day , as the price comes down .
 My experience with TiVo started when my daughter gave us a series 2 for Christmas years ago.We have used it daily ever since . Then when she had trouble with hers she gave it to me . It works perfectly if it is kept above 60F . When it is colder the audio becomes distorted with scratchy crackling noise other than that it still works great . If I had the money I would upgrade in a minute . Until that time I will continue to use our series 2 TiVos until they no longer work.TiVo TCD746320 Premiere DVR , BlackTiVo TCD649080 Series 2 80-Hour Dual Tuner Digital Video RecorderTiVo Premiere XL4 TCD758250 HD Digital Video Recorder
 I 've had TiVo for over 8 years and I ca n't live without it . When I have to stay at someone else 's house -LRB- vacation , house sitting , etc. -RRB- , I have to figure out how to record shows using their cable company 's DVR . It is slow , tedious , and does n't always function in an intelligent manner . This is just the opposite of TiVo .
 Learned of Tivo and how it works at my brother 's house . I love mine , but I guess due to it 's age it is now sticking and often I have to unplug it to get it going again . Also , it is changing channels by itself now at times . Overall , though , I love it .
 I have had my TIVO for about 8 years and it has always worked beautifully through three moves . I like being able to watch my shows when I have the time because life is busy . Its great when I have insomnia because I do n't have to watch Nickelodeon : - -RRB-
 I 'm writing this for the review request that keeps ` popping ' up in my email , over and over again.I do love the TiVO -LRB- yes with the subscription -RRB- . It puts me on entertainment overload ... just too much stuff to choose from ... pretty cool .
 Very happy with the item , the ease of set up , and the quality of Tivo and Amazon . Although I chose the free shipping ; I was not pleased with the way they dropped it off on my front sidewalk without ringing the bell . Anyone walking by could have swiped it .
 The DVR completely changed how I watch television , making me in control of how and when I watch television.If you do n't have a TiVo or other-brand DVR and watch a least an hour of television a day , you 'll be amazed . -- Ken LaCorte
 Tivo is possibly the best DVR I have ever used or owned . I have both Direct TV and Tivo DVR 's . The Direct TV freezes all the time . The screen will go black right in the middle of a movie , and the DVR actually gets very warm to the surface . Direct TV DVR 's tend to have overheating problems.With Tivo it is an absolutely trouble free experience . Easy to use , easy to set up recording . The Tivo stays cold to the touch even when I 've been using it for several hours , because of the fact it 's equipped with a really good cooling fan . My Tivo works trouble free with Direct TV service . I can fast forward through commercials 3x faster than I can with Direct TV DVR . You can store between 80 to 100 hours of movies when recorded at basic quality . When first plugging Tivo in it also boots up twice as fast as Direct TV . The Tivo is user serviceable , so you can easily replace the button battery when needed.With Tivo you can explore YOUTUBE , Netflix , iTunes , Daily Motion and more . A service Direct TV does n't offer.The picture quality on Tivo 2 is HD quality , and about the same quality as Direct TV HD + DVR . I like the free Tivo desktop software you can install on your laptop and take movies anywhere , by transferring movies to your computer via wi fi connection . I even watch them on my iPhone !! Yes Tivo has an app for that too.I have never had any problems with my Tivo DVR.Overall I would take Tivo over any other DVR any day . Well built , made to last , and it out performs other brands.My advice . Tivo is the only way to go .
 Works great . Got this one to upgrade from a normal/low definition unit . It is compact , easy to use , stylish and is a fine product from Tivo .
 I like every thing about my TiVo -- except -- It is so busy running around the networks finding things to record . some thimes i want to record the end of a movie or program i 'm watching and i have to go into the programing an stop it from recording it has found , before i can record what I want .
 I have always had good luck with the Tivo . I have all of my electronic goodies plugged into an UPS so I have never had equiptment damaged by lightning . Probably more due to luck .
 When I say that tivo is the best thing out as far as dvr 's right now it 's an understatement . This product is absolutely wonderful . I am 100 % happy with this product . I highly recommend it .
 Most reliable , had it for many years and the others do n't compare . I would highly recommend you get this DVR .
 I actually have two Tivos both with lifetime service and I love them both . I want to get one of the new HD , 4 tuner Tivos but they are just too expensive especially since I would have to pay for the service again . I want to be able to use my old ones with a new one so I can record more channels .
 Once you try it , you will be spoiled for anything else . It saves on storage.After programing you watch at your convenience & delete or save for another time . Tivo is one of the greatest inventions .
 Best DVR service out there . Forget the DVR from your cable or sat company . The commercial says it all `` my tivo gets me '' . They have good customer service when you call them . The service really is worth every penny ! Theres no way i could live without my tivo today !
 Great deal . Just gave this to my daughter for her birthday . We love Tivo!She has n't started using it yet but is very anxious to .
 I have been a Tivo user nearly as long as they have been available . This purchase was a replacement for another unit . The Amazon deal of a Tivo for $ 99 and a $ 100 service credit coupon , well ... how can you go wrong on that ? With Series 2 Tivos , you can move TV episodes to your PC and on to your ipod or laptop , truely making content `` Tivo to go '' Have n't tried Tivo ? at this price whats your excuse not to ?
 It is great to never miss our favorite programs . How did we live without it ?
 I bought the tivo for my husband , but I think I use it just as much as he does ! The setup was a little difficult with our satelite dish , but once we got the hang of it , we really started enjoying it . Over the past few years , I have n't spent much time watching TV because there was n't anything on that I wanted to watch between the time I got home from work and went to bed . Now , I can see shows from any time of day . I still need to play with the season pass feature , because I ca n't get that to work . It will find the shows , but wo n't automatically record them - I have to tell it to record them . It probably has something to do with the setup . Anyway , enjoy your tivo !
 I got this TiVo fast from Amazon.com I think in 2 days I got it.This TiVo has Ethernet right in it . Can record 2 shows at the same time and play a recorded show as 2 other shows are recording!Besides there HD TiVo this must be the best one.I like it . Thank you.-Raymond Day
 I used to have a DVR from my cable company , which I had to get rid of when I moved . After settling in my new town , I decided to try out the TiVo on recommendation of a friend . It 's amazing and a thousand times better than the cable company 's DVR.As someone who travels a great deal , a DVR is a virtual necessity if you watch any shows regularly . But the additional features of TiVo were fantastic surprises
 I have had one of the original Tivo DVRs for a couple of years now and love it but this one is much , much better . The versatility of this recorder to tape one show and watch another without having to purchase aditional attachments or record two shows at once is Wonderful and so easy ! If we ever have to go back to regular TV I do n't know what we will do !
 LOTS OF GREAT FEATURES AND WILL HANDLE COMCAST DIGITAL CHANNELS . THE REMOTE IS ANNOYING TO USE .
 This Tivo is all around great . The dual-tuners make this thing perfect for recording two shows at once or watching a different channel while recording another . Very quiet operation , very stable . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 This is our first DVR and we are already devotees . I had a bit of a problem with the connections , largely because it had to fit into a small space in our entertainment center along with our VCR/DVD player , since we still have many tapes we need to watch and want to be able to play DVDs . The poster did not mention how to connect the VCR , so I disconnected some things that should have remained connected , and then had trouble with the coaxial cables . It took about an hour , but our furniture setup was largely to blame . There should be something on the poster to warn folks with VCRs or DVD players to go right to the appendix of the printed manual and skip the poster.Once it was hooked up , though , it was a breeze to register and set up . We are still on a learning curve , but we were blown away when on the third day we had friends over and were recording two shows at once while at the same time showing a slide show of our vacation photos from off our two computers . Zapping through the ads is so great now , and when you push the play button , it backs up just the right amount to account for the overshoot . No more tracking problems with the tapes . As another reviewer said , this is the way TV was supposed to be.Edit 12/15/07 ***** After 6 months we still love our TiVo . Sometimes the initial love affair with a new widget dies after a little usage , but not here . We have had no problems with it whatsoever . -LRB- I do n't like the little advertising icons in the Now Playing list , but just do n't click on them and they 'll leave you alone . -RRB- We continue to find new ways to use the TiVo . For example , I just joined MovieLens , a site that makes movie recommendations for you based on your ratings of movies in their database and they produced a Wish List for me , mostly of movies that came out several years ago . I entered that wish List into TiVo and when any of those movies appear on TV it will record them . I just did this a few days ago and so far none of those movies have come on . The picture is crystal clear , the network connection has been perfect , and I transferred a TV show that I had recorded to my PC so that I could discuss some of the finer points via e-mail with a friend who is a fan of the same show . It was great to be able to zip right to a particular scene to compare notes . This is cool technology .
 Tivo is wonderful . I do n't know how I lived without it . The time saved by skipping the commercials is considerable , about 20 minutes per hour . I love watching my favorite shows when I want to watch them and have discovered new shows thanks to this service . Setup was a bit confusing due to my system . I have satellite , VCR -LRB- which I have n't used at all since TIVO -RRB- and DVD . The TIVO installation alone would not have been that bad and definitely worth the effort .
 Just bought this item last week . I was amazed in doing my research that a TIVO subscription is almost half of what the local cable company wanted to charge me . In addition I found out that TIVO is by far a superior product to what the cable company offered.I definitely have been missing out all these years without TIVO . Just a normal night last night for example , the phone rang while I was watching TV . I paused the TV , and then continued several minutes later when I got off the phone . Then I was able to skip commercials after that.I was worried about the installation -LRB- Not very technically inclined -RRB- , but that went very smooth . All that was required to do was to hook up the cable to the TIVO , the cable from TIVO to the TV , and the power cord . The rest was done right on screen and in less than 15 minutes , I was enjoying the new experience . I even was able to hook the TIVO up to my wireless network at home.Truly a great product and I have been telling everyone since I got it how great it is . I am not an employee of TIVO , just someone who likes to watch TV programs when I want to and not when I have to .
 We were switching from Comcast digital to Tivo . The TiVo is so much better for the way we watch television . We have recorders in two rooms and find that we are using them to capacity . The best part is that we can move recorded programs from one room to another and we can program shows to record from a computer anywhere . The remote is so much easier than the one we had with Comcast and the entire system is wonderful .
 We love our new TIVO !! It is as easy to use as our old one but with added ability to record 2 shows and watch another channel or recorded show at the same time . As usual , Amazon did a great job - received the TIVO well within the 7-10 days we were told it would take .
 I would n't go back to recording shows any other way . It is convenient and easy to use . I very seldom watch live TV because it is easier just to wait ten minutes and then you can fast forward through the commercials . Because I have a cable provider for my telephone hookup , I needed to purchase a TIVO wireless network adapter . It is less expensive to buy it through Amazon -- I went to Best Buy and paid $ 20.00 more.I now download some shows to my laptop and then watch them while I do dishes or am cleaning the house .
 Ok , by now you have read all the Tivo lovers spout off about how much they love their Tivo 's . I feel the same , I love my Tivo 's . I want to dispell the misinformation of some others who do n't know what they are doing , and who have let that cloud their view of Tivo.Tivo can record from Satelite and cable . If the Tivo is dual tuner , it can record from cable and satellite at the same time . A single tuner can record from cable , or satellite , and be connected to both at the same time , but only watch , or record one channel . One tuner , equals one channel at a time , there is no two ways about that . The misinformation is in thinking that a single tuner , or duel tuner can not work with both cable and satellite . I have basic cable going to the RF port , and satellite going to the S video input . The Tivo setup will walk you through the setup , so it ca n't be any easier . Cable channels show up with cbl afterthem , and satellite channels with sat . They appear in the program guide on their correct channel numbers.I have used Comcasts PVR , and built my own using Beyond TV . The Beyond TV machine was as close to Tivo as I could hope to get , and better in a few areas . The main drawbacks on the home built box with Beyond TV was the cost , and the noise . I had a duel tuner in my home built system , and it worked very well . I just could not get the thng to be quiet and cool at the same time . My Tivo 's are quiet , I have two in the bedroom , and can not hear them . The lifetime service I bought back in 2001 has paid for itself many times over . I just got to upgrade to a duel tuner and transfer my lifetime to it . Tivo is a first class act , right from customer service , to customer policy , and equipment design and funtion . Nobody beats Tivo at their game . Many have tried and failed . You may become use to your Comcast PVR , but if you try Tivo , you will never want anything else .
 This item was like new as advertised an easy to set up with the instructions . We are so thrilled to have gotten a perfectly good dual tuner TiVo at a fraction of the normal cost !
 Our old Series 2 Tivo died and so we replaced it with a used one with the dual tuner . It was easy to set up and is pretty intuitive to use . Being able to watch one program and record another is definitely a plus.My only complaint is that the seller -LRB- not Amazon but on their website -RRB- did not include all of the equipment -LRB- left out the little cord that has to read the cable box -RRB- . Fortunately , the one from the old TIVO worked just fine but if we did n't have it already , it would have been useless . So just be forewarned and check parts especially from resellers .
 Everything worked properly right out of the box . Setup was easy as long as you have all the cabling -LRB- power , antenna/cable , internet -RRB- installed . The only issue encountered was when the cable company converted to digital and a digital converter is required to get a signal . This minimizes the TiVo functionality . With the external cable box , only one program can be viewed or recorded at a time .
 I like how easy it is to set-up recordings . I can record two shows at one time . You can go wireless with this Tivo . Set-up season pass to record your favorite programs . I just like the ease of this digital recorder.TiVo TCD649080 Series 2 80-Hour Dual Tuner Digital Video Recorder
 Ok ... I 've waffled on purchasing a DVR for years and I 've always been too cheep . I considered -LRB- numerous times -RRB- just building my own ... and I still may . But I 'm still a huge Tivo fan.Setup was a snap . I purchased the optional/additional wiif adapter because I do n't have landline phone service . -LRB- It needs access to either a phone line or the internet to download programming guides . -RRB- I did a non-trivial amount of research before buying this model and did n't actually see that it I had three options vs two for that connectivity.a -RRB- Plug the box into a phonelineb -RRB- Plug the box into your network with CAT Vc -RRB- Purchase the optional USB Wifi Adapter and connect to a wireless network -LRB- many people have neighbors that are generous enough to leave their wireless networks unsecured ... I was able to detect at least 5 different networks in addition to my own -RRB- If i 'd had a spare CAT V cable I would 've been annoyed that I 'd purchased the optional/additional wifi adapter thing but I did n't have one handy and the wifi thing lets me move the tivo if i ever want to put it in a different room.I purchased this old model because I do n't have a cable box -LRB- and have no real interest in getting one -RRB- . Just be sure to check and see if/when your cable provider is going to abandon analog cable before you purchase this box . The dual tuner is great . My standard practice is now to be recording something -LRB- potentially two somethings -RRB- while watching a previously recorded show.I 've had it for almost 3 weeks and have n't yet run out of room -LRB- at least I do n't think so -RRB- . The Tivo suggestions feature has quickly become both good and bad . It 's good because it 's so convenient that it records shows that it knows i like without my telling it to . It 's bad because it 's so ` aggressive ' in casting it 's net . Take for instance a show that you love ... and have seen every episode . If you give it three thumbs up the odds are very good that every rerun of that show is going to be recorded by tivo suggestions . Which could be good if you are intending to save them and archive them external to your 80hour box . But I do n't want to watch reruns that i 've already seen ... It would be awesome if the tivo was smart enough to keep track of what shows you 've watched/deleted so it would n't suggest/record them again.The only disapointment I currently have is that the skip comercials feature is unavailable without going to a premium model . Anyway , you used to be able to reprogram your remote to skip ahead 30 seconds , but that functionality has been removed/reserved for the premium models . In order to skip commercials i have to click the fast forward button 2 or 3 times and watch until i ` catch a glimpse ' of my show and quickly click play . The glimpse is like a preview that shows while fast forwarding . It 's taken some getting used to ... at first it confused me.Oh . One other disapointment is that i have n't discovered a method of deleting the currently playing show . Instead you have to either play it to the end -LRB- and choose the prompt to delete now -RRB- or click out of the show , through the menus as if you were picking a show to watch and delete the show from that menu . Either way takes approximately 3-10 seconds.I love my Tivo .
 We selected this product for my daughter because at her apt . the cable signal is still analog . There was only one Ethernet signal in the bedroom so we installed a wireless router . The Tivo needs either a phone hook up or an Internet connection . Since she did n't have a land line and no Internet connection in the living room where she wanted her TV we had to purchase a wireless UBS adapter in order to pick up the signal . Also , had a problem with the security of the router not matching the adapter but once we changed the WAP setting to WEP we were able to complete installation . Once set-up , it seems to be working well . Best of all , we had no problem getting a Tivo tech to speak with us .
 I will not go into great detail as many reviews already have it down pat!TiVo is AWESOME!You can setup recording to catch any episode or only set it to record the new episodes that are airing for the first time ... You can even hook it up to the internet and put your shows on your laptop / ipod and watch them on the go.I give TiVo 10 out of 5 stars!You will not be disappointed !
 I recommend this for everyone . The ease of use , the fact that I can record 2 shows at the same time . I love to listen to the radio while I am working .
 I got my 1st Tivo 4 years ago and have never watched tv the same way again ! The Dual Tuner Tivo is just as easy to use , plus you do n't have to choose between 2 shows on at the same time . I recommend buying the Tivo box from a your local electronics store or online store , rather than going thru Tivos website and purchasing a `` monthly Tivo box plan '' . In the long run , you 'll save money - -LRB- as long as you do n't wear it out or break it -RRB- . GET IT AND YOU 'LL NEVER REGRET IT !
 Delivery time was quick , product packaging was great & item working great . I am so glad I ordered it .
 I have had this series 2 up for 31/2 months now . I am very happy with it - the dual tuner is a great improvement - its nice to not get stuck with watching what you are recording always . I am running this with a wireless connection via the Tivo wireless G adapter , connected to my home network on Verizon FIOS - so much faster then the phoneline connection for program updates etc. . Overall very happy with the unit.Pros
 Has opened up a new whole new way to watch TV , on my schedule . It has found a bunch of good shows I never knew were out there . Almost too many at times . I wish there was a way to let it know you like a show but not to record it.The dual tuner is a must , a single would be a joke , have had a couple of times a triple tuner would be nice .
 I read some reviews that caused me to worry about glitches or stuff like that , but my Tivo is perfect - no problems whatsoever , and it makes my life so much easier ! I 'm thinking about getting a second one .
 I 've used multiple DVRs provided by cable providers before , and now I 've used TiVo . I 've got ta say , TiVo wins , hands down . You pay more for the service , and you have to buy the box -LRB- cable companies `` loan '' you the box -RRB- , but they make sure it 's worth it . They have to , to continue to compete.One big , BIG plus
 We absolutely love TIVO ! We do n't know how we lived without it ! The set up was not too bad , just a little tricky with the DVD , VCR and all , but we got that working . We rarely ever get to sit down and watch a show at its actual start time , so with the new fall season shows , TIVO has been a lifesaver ! I do n't know how we lived without it !
 I had been considering buy a Tivo for a while and finally did . It is AWESOME ! The instructions were easy to follow , everything I needed was included and it took less than 30 minutes . -LRB- not including the download time once hooked up -RRB- Everything went smoothly and I am very pleased !!! I would recommend this item .
 We set my mom-in-law up with the TIVO and yes , she can operate it after a few reviews of the provided support video 's . The only confusion was that it recorded programs she would like and she found it `` recording all the time '' . She has n't missed her `` shows '' since we installed it .
 This new dual tuner Series 2 replaces my old Series 2 single tuner which I gave to my son for parts . I recently purchased the Dual channel HD version so can now record 4 channels at same time -LRB- converted my Toshiba DVR/CD Player back to basic and can record one channel there if I wish . -RRB- I have all three sith broadband wireless connection and all three will show what i have recorded and available on the others.Amazon had -LRB- at time of purchase -RRB- for 65.95 after $ 150 rebate so as far as my needs are , this was a steal - excellent bargain . I always check Amazon first for any electronics purchase.My new 80 hr dual channel actually has better picture than the HD version I purchased .
 I love the easy to use Tivo and remote control.Wish I had purchsed it years ago !!!!!!!
 This is the second TiVo DVR I 've owned . I really like the dual tuner feature . I prefer using the TiVo DVR to the DVRs my local cable company rents . One of my favorite features is that when you fast forward or rewind , this DVR compensates for that split second it takes from the time you recognize the end of a commercial and the time you release the fast forward feature . TiVo builds in a slight `` jump back '' feature , which the Comcast 's DVRs do n't have . I also like the TiVo Desktop software which I 've installed onto my home computer . With my home network , I can transfer shows from the DVR to my computer 's hard drive .
 I guess you 'd have to ask my husband for the details but I know he is totally tickled with this device ! He loves being able to listen to all his MP3s through the entertainment system with the click of a button . He is also happily recording all the LOST episodes were likely to get this season.I love the price after rebate ! The TiVo enabled us to switch providers and take advantage of a much better package deal . All in all it 's been a great decision to go with TiVo . We 'll see if there are any repair issues down the road but for now all good !
 I once had a TiVo some time ago and had forgotten how wonderful it is ! Watching television is never as good without a TiVo . Selecting the shows I want , when I want to watch them , and powering through commercials make the TiVo well worth the price .
 I gave this to my wife for Christmas and now we are both hooked on TIVO . Basically , just like everyone says it will , it changes the way you watch TV . Bye-bye commercials . See ya stuff we do n't want to watch . Now we really do watch only what we want and we get to watch it on our schedule . Having said that , the reason I did not give it five stars is the setup is quite an undertaking . The hooking it up was n't too bad , but the oodles of menus that follow take a while , and when we got to the part about linking it into our wireless network it went over our heads . We still have yet to get that feature to function . Even after you purchase separately the wireless network adapter , it seems as though the network itself must be set up in a pretty specific way . Luckily you can still do it through the phone line as well or we would be up a creek . Overall I would say that TIVO makes me happy .
 I was trying to record some spanish shows on Telemundo , and the english closed caption is on CC3 , which the traditional VCR does n't support . So I was looking for a DVR/PVR that supports recording CC3 . I have heard that Tivo can record based on the TV guide schedule , but I was n't interested in it , I was only simply looking for a solution to my CC3 recording , and I did not want to pay monthly fee . After 2 months of straggle , I finally got Tivo since there is no alternative option left . After I play around with Tivo for 3 hours , I already have at least 10 season passes lined up on my Tivo and I am starting to worry I will be out of recording space soon . Tivo is addictive and amazin . Believe me , it is more than just a digitalized VCR machine .
 I 've really enjoyed my Series 2 Tivo in the one month or so that I 've had it . I hate that they make you pay $ 25 for the software to get shows off your Tivo in other formats other than the Tivo format , especially since you already have to pay a monthly service fee . I also wish there were an easy way to find out how much storage you 're using and how much you have free -LRB- at least I have n't found that option yet ! -RRB- . Other than that , the product itself is great and the service is also great . It 's cool to be able to log in online and set a future show to record since I have the Tivo box on my broadband connection at home . In all , I 'm pretty satisfied !
 I still have my 40 hour single tuner Tivo . This one has so much more room and being able to record 2 shows at one time like those Comcast DVRs is great ! I 've been very pleased with my purchase .
 When yet another VCR died on me , I decided it was time to move on up to digital . I have regular -LRB- analog -RRB- cable , no cable box . This unit is perfect . It easily replaces both of my VCR 's and allows me to record two different programs at the same time . I can even watch something else that was previously recorded at the same time ! Set up was very easy , the only downside for me was that my TV is not located near a phone jack , but that was pretty easily worked around . All in all , it has performed exactly as advertised and has made me wonder what took me so long !!
 Owned my TiVo for several years . Best TV investment I ever made . Aside from speeding thru commercials , I can speed thru all the `` dead '' time in tennis matches and golf tournaments . This makes TV viewing much more enjoyable and less time consuming . And I like the ability to have programs recorded based on keywords and `` nots - I rarely miss something I would have liked to see . The only problems I have are the occasionally out-of-date guide -LRB- not up to last-minute changes -RRB- and the guide sometimes failing to flag repeated showings of programs .
 Tivo was a gift . I have used it reliably for years . With the paid up contract , no more monthly bills . One of the best things about Tivo is it is easy to setup , easy to use and reliable through many power failures where I live ! It 's online menus are also fast . I do n't know if the Premier series still performs as well -LRB- same speed in menu changes -RRB- . I hope so . The Series 2 beats any cable / fiber company DVR in performance . Even though I was given a free DVR with my current cable company and it has 2 channel capability , I do n't use it . I still use my single channel Series 2 .
 I honestly ca n't say enough good things about this unit . Going from a VCR to a TiVo box was such a huge jump out of the stone age for me . Sure you have a monthly payment but it is more then worth it for all the value you get out of it . If you are a big TV watcher like me and do n't want to miss a single thing you want to watch or might want to watch in the future then TiVo is for you.I love that I can tell my TiVo to record something the next time it comes on TV no matter what station or how long it might be till the next time the show is on all I have to do is add the info for the show to my Wishlist and tell it to record the next time it comes on , it 's that easy . Right after I bought it in August I put a John Wayne movie on my Wishlist that only comes on about once or twice a year and I came home the other day to find it in my Now Playing list . I did n't even realize it had come on TV again finally but thanks to my TiVo I now have it to watch at my convenience.The only draw back to this model is the analog tuner . I have Comcast as my cable company and they went to all digital which essentially made my dual tuner TiVo a single tuner now . Even with that fact it is still worth it and if I ever move or switch to a cable company that still sends an analog signal I have a dual tuner again.I bought mine when the price was down to $ 49.99 and the price has gone way up since then so you 'll have to play it the way you see it and decide for yourself if the higher price would be worth it or not for this model . The TiVo service no matter what model you get is worth it .
 The Tivo Series 2 DVR is a great unit if you are looking for a basic DVR that is easy to setup and use . It has a dual tuner that allows you to record two different programs at different times . Keep in mind that if this feature is used while you are watching a third program , the DVR must change channels in order to record the scheduled programs . The Tivo Series II can be setup on your home network and will also work in tandem with a second Tivo Series II allowing you to watch your recorded programs on two different TV 's . The home networking feature expands this unit even more by connecting to your home computers and allowing you to view multimedia files on your TV and also allowing the transfer of recorded shows on your Tivo to your home PC with the Tivo software .
 This is actually my third TiVo . My first , an old series one model died during a thunderstorm after two years of use . In 2003 , I bought my second , a series two . That unit has worked reliably for seven years up until this past Friday . I have never had a problem out of this unit until this past week . Tivo has a been a godsend since 2001 and I recommend one to anyone who likes to `` tape '' their tv shows and watch them later . For me the greatest features are the season pass manager and I also like the cool games you can play like Same Game .
 I had a TIVO 20 hour and loved it so much that i got the dual recorder for the bedroom , and when the price came down , i replaced my 20 hour with another dual -LRB- 80 hour -RRB- . Now up to 4 shows can be taped at once -LRB- and sometimes i need that option ! -RRB- . I like that i also can transfer via wireless from one to the other since i am in the den most of the time . I love the season pass feature which made the TIVO famous . I love being able to skip thru commercials . I love my TIVO ! -LRB- setup was ultra simple , and i have n't had any trouble in almost 10 years of using TIVO . -RRB- sparkcatkathy
 This is the best Christmas present I ever got . I got an older model that did n't have built in network support , so it took 7 hours to download everything . I bought an adapter for my network . I 'm amazed at how idiot proof this thing is.We use the same cable jack for our internet , so I have a splitter plugged into the TV also for free basic cable . I bought a tivo because I liked the on demand features , but I discovered a most wonderful loophole . It seems tivo assumes that you 're already paying for standard cable , so it accesses Time Warner 's servers and downloads the entire standard cable guide complete with all the channels . Aparrently , that 's what it 's supposed to do . What started as a few free channels became an entire digital cable package ... all for $ 13 a month . Man , I 'm glad my wife talked me out of U-verse .
 I only had this DVR for a couple of days , I decided to return it and get the Series 3 . It did seem to be a good product , probably meant for someone who did not have high definition channels like I do , for basic television this is very good .
 Great price better service !!! Movies are to pricie so i do not order them but everything else is really good !!!
 This product is excellent !!! TiVo was made for me , and the console is in perfect condition ! I love the ease and convenience of this product . I cant imagine life without it !!!
 I love this TIVO box . It is my second one . It meets all my basic needs for a great value .
 This is the best thing for new parents of a toddler . If he starts crying , press pause ! Ca n't stay awake for Conan ? Record it ! Yippee !! I also like the search functions . Makes it easy to find shows to record . We 're having a great time with TiVo ! Also , love fast-forwarding thru commercials
 Tivo is the coolest thing ever . I 've had it for almost 6 years , and just recently went to Series 2 with dual tuner and wireless capabilities . I love every minute of it . You can not go wrong with Tivo !!
 I always wonderd about TIVO and now I wonderd how I ever lived without it . This product rocks .
 i have the best review ever for the seller . the product was impecuous and with all the extras.And a few excellent movies already on the dvr . I was so happy to see how clean it was . Thanks for a great buy .
 I tried out Tivo because of the special promotion offered by Amazon . A Tivo and a $ 100 gift certificate was offered for $ 100 . So far for the past month , my wife and I enjoyed the features of Tivo . We like the options of the season pass , freezing programs , rewinding , and skipping commercials.With the gift certificate , we did n't have to tie ourselve to a 1 year contract , and the value of the certificate is good for 6 months . We are are still evaluating the product and have not made a decision whether we will continue the service after 6 months because of the service cost of $ 17 a month.So far we like , and we would recommend it .
 Great great - Everything about the TiVo times 2 , love it , makes DVR even more apealing . If you love TiVo and dont live alone this is perfect , I no longer have to watch my wife or son 's kid shows when they are on , I no longer have to clip a show if it runs late . the TiVo 's interface is the best on the market I have tried a coupl other DVR 's and none even come close , the ablity to tape 2 shows or tape one and watch another is well worth the additioanl cost and with the rebate by TiVo the thing was free . Cant say anything bad about it Would have given it a million stars !
 My old tivo of 5 years died recently ... had to purchase a new one because I ca n't live w/o it ! The many features of Tivo has me hooked ... not only can i listen to my mp3 's on my computer but i can download movies from amazon and not have to go to blockbuster anymore ! it 's so nice !
 We bought & received this TiVo , after hooking everything up we discovered it would not work with our antenna only -LRB- it needed a cable or satellite to work -RRB- So I attempted to return it , the clerk , that I got was very unprofessional to the point that I wrote a review about CamsDigital on Amazon feedback.Within 24 hrs I received a letter from Eric C. a Sales Manager apologizing for the treatment I received & assuring me that actions would be taken so this would not happen again . And he would send me a prepaid label to return the TiVo & refund my money.Just as Eric C. promised I received the prepaid label within a few days , I returned the TiVo & a week later the refund was credited back to my account.Thank you Eric C. for turning this into a positive experience.Pam Miller
 If you 've been thinking about getting a TiVO , buy this product . It 's simple to set up and use , and makes taping a show foolproof . Never miss your favorite shows again .
 I purchased the 80 hour dual tuner device in mid-December , shipped to my US address and then brought it to Canada . I found the installation to be quick and easy but was frustrated by the limited number of wireless adapters that had been certified with the TIVO . With no CD input one had no alternative but to use a TIVO tested device and aside from the actual TIVO adapter a number of the other recommended adapters were hard to find . Fortunately I found a D-Link adapter source after searching the net . I also found TIVO support inadequate when I wanted to ask a ` warm body ' about the rebate . After dialing the initial 800 # and being redirected to what I hoped would be a real person I got a message saying that I could not access from my location -LRB- Canada ??? -RRB- . One final point , I find that TIVO are somewhat mysterious about some of their codes . Even after searching the user forums I was unable for example to find out what a VCM code was on the 3rd account screen and why it has only been updated once on December 31st .
 I love Tivo . Highly recommend it . I do have one bone to pick w / the Tivo service that you must get -LRB- for $ 16/month max . -RRB- : Advertising pops up on the main menu every now-and-then . American Express , more Tivos , upcoming movies . These things do n't change my mind about getting a Tivo at all , but it 's odd that I 'm paying them for the subscription , but they still subject me to ads .
 This unit replaced a 4 year old Replay DVR , but Replay no longer makes a DVR . It was easy enough to hook up , but is somewhat more cumbersome to operate . Two Replay features that I miss are 1 -RRB- commercial skip , and 2 -RRB- showing how much recording time remains on the disk .
 After years of sticking to a single-tuner model -LRB- except for the DirecTv versions -RRB- , Tivo has finally released a dual-tuner model . For the most part , the only difference between this model and previous Series 2 Tivos is the ability to record two channels at once.The box keeps the look of the more recent series 2 Tivos , except for a black-accented faceplate . The connections in the rear are laid out largely the same as past versions , with the exception of an ethernet port that has been added for wired networking.The software has minor changes , particularly slight modifications to the menu background images and the newer `` tivo introduction skit '' that appears when the tivo is powered on . The software and hardware work smoothly . There seems to be a faster processor included , as navigation through the menus is quick and smooth.The dual-tuner functions work well . Having grown accustom to the single-tuner model , it took me some time to get used to the ability to change channels while recording -LRB- and that what is on screen is not necessarily what is being recorded -RRB- . It was also pleasant to schedule 25 season passes without a single conflict-such is the benefit of being able to record two shows at once.But the dual-tuner function needs some explanation . The people who benefit most from the DT function are those who have analog cable without a cable box -LRB- as I do -RRB- . I simply plug in the coax cable into the tivo , and it is ready to go . -LRB- Note
 I have listened to the hype about TIVO for a couple of years now . With the hundred dollar plus rebates on the hardware , as well as substantial discounts on the service , I thought I 'd break down and give it a try . Here ' my experience ... The Good ... 1 . Very intuitive user interface for the set-up screens and remote ; it could be argued that Tivo is the gold standard for ease of use2 . Very secure packaging of unit3 . Included cabling is of unusally high quality -LRB- not Monster cable grade , but still very good for included cabling -RRB- 4 . Installation directions are very easy to follow -LRB- though not as good as Dell 's color coded design -RRB- 5 . There is a 30 day money back guarantee6 . Customer reps are friendly and well trained -LRB- and they speak english too ! -RRB- The Bad ... 1 . The front of the box says all required cables are included ; the directions state that a second A/V cable -- required for the recommended installation method -- is `` user provided '' -LRB- i.e. , sold separately -RRB- 2 . The service is not compatible with some VoIP services3 . Though set-up is easy , it is a one to two hour ordeal , requiring multiple visits to websites and countless button presses to ensure interoperablity with the cable box4 . The remote is pretty low tech looking ; it also has a lower quality feel tha leads me to belive that I 'll be shopping for a replacement in a year or lessThe Ugly ... 1 . They try to get you to sign up for a three year , pre-paid service contract ; if after 30 days you find that you do n't like/need Tivo , you forteit all that money -- ouch ! 2 . When I attempted to use the website to activate the service , the site was unstable and would n't allow me to complete the order . I then called the 800 number for service , where the hold time exceed 25 minutes . Hope I never have cause to call again as this is a totally unacceptable wait timeNet/net
 WOW ! My wife bought me this for Father 's Day . I 'm not a jewelry type of guy , but TiVo is drop-dead freakin ' awesome , speechlessly amazing!If you do n't know TiVo
 The dual tuner Tivo is great for standard cable customers . The Tivo can record 2 programs while we watch a pre-recorded program and it allows networking with wired or wireless computers via Tivo Desktop . You should expect to pay about $ 100/year for the channel guide service . Tivo currently has a 3 years for the price of 2 promotion . This means that 3 years of service cost about $ 300 . Tivo desktop allows us to transfer files from the Tivo to the larger hard drives in our computer thus extending the 80 hours on the Tivo to over 200 hours . In addition , Tivo desktop allows us to watch programs on our computers anytime we want.Tivo to Go is a new feature of the Tivo desktop software . For $ 24.95 , Tivo desktop will convert standard Tivo files for playback on PDAs , cell phones and other handheld devces.The only down sides are the quality of the tuners and the remote control . We clearly see a difference in the picture quality between our TV 's tuner and the tuners on the Tivo . The second issue is the remote will not control our Bose surround sound system.The convenience of the DVR off-sets the quality of the tuners and a third party remote will fix the second problem.I hope you enjoy your Tivo as much as we enjoy ours .
 I just replaced my year and a half old Tivo series II single tuner model with this new dual tuner model . No more conficts between my Season 's Passes this year ... Guided setup can now be done via network adapter instead of the previous mandatory dial up via phone line . Initial setup is A LOT faster because of this.The menu movement and channel changing is snappier , which is nice.Network transfer speed using the Tivo Wireless Adapter is almost 2X as fast as my single tuner model.I had to upgrade Tivo Desktop from 2.2 to 2.3 because transferred recordings had no sound on my PC . The upgrade fixed it.Recording two shows at the same time is easy and works great ! What I like even better is when you are recording a scheduled show , you have the ability to channel surf on the Tivo without that annoying message `` Are you sure you want to change channels , or leave it here and keep recording '' coming up.The remote is exactly the same . The back of the Tivo is the same except for the addition of an ethernet port , which I have not tried to use since I use wireless.I highly recommend this Tivo for new customers , and as a replacement for Tivo veterans .
 I had Dish Network for about a week before going back to cable and the only thing I loved was the DVR service . I toyed with the idea of buying a TiVo for a while and then I finally bit the bullet and did . Holy smokes ! This is great . Easy to set up . I have mine connected with the coax in and S video out to my TV set . The TiVo service -LRB- if you own the box , like I do -RRB- is only $ 12.95 with a one year minimum . It 's worth it . They give you the option to pay outright for 1,2 , or 3 years in advance or do the month to month thing . I bought the wireless USB network card -LRB- no data drops in my bedroom -RRB- and even with a 19 % signal strength to the wireless router in my basement on the other side of my house the channel lineup download only took about 10 minutes .
 The TIVO functionality works as advertised and as long as you pay attention to the instructions set-up will go smoothly . Be sure to buy yourself a nice long Ethernet cable if you are planning to hook it up to your router . -LRB- Unless you are one of those people who have the router right next to the tv - then buy a short one -RRB- . Three points that ding the rating on this Series 2:1 . The Dual Tuner is joke , you need to jump through a whole series of button clicks to get it to work . Not intuitive at all - you will find yourself reading the manual a number of times in the hopes of getting it right .2 . You ca n't hook your DVD player up to the TIVO ! This means that if you only have one set of input jacks on your TV , that you will need to either buy and S-Cable for your DVD or continuously switch the DVD & TIVO back and forth . What is upsetting , is that the TIVO has input jacks , but does n't allow the signal from the DVD to get routed through .3 . Finally we did get some hiccups in the volume when we first set it up , but these have magically disappeared.To summarize , base TIVO functionality is really good , but there are some fine points that need to be worked on to make this a 5-Star product .
 I just love this Tivo DVR . It has so much room to record lot 's of shows . I especially love being able to record a whole season of shows and the DVR will detect if the time has been changed.The only thing I did not like was setting it up . I needed 2 ethernet connections to my computer but I only had 1 . That was for the connection from my cable modem to my computer . But after calling my cox my cable company they told me I needed a router . So I went out and purchased a $ 60 router . Then I had difficulty getting this to work . I would call Tivo and they said call my cable compnay . Then I would call my cable company and they would say call Tivo . Well to make a long story short - tivo Tech helped get me get all set . Tivo has the best tech support . I called today to find out how much space I have left on my hard drive for recording - they showed me how to figure it out and also showed me how to prevent older reordings from being deleted.The one thing I was disappointed about was that this model to too old to stream my Netflix movies.I also took out SquardTrade warrany for 3 years for 16.99 . The reviews show that it is a very good service.If your Tivo is attached to your computer network like mine is now that I have a router - Tivo also offers free desktop software so you can send your pictures and music to your Tivo . If you want to send something you recorded to your computer - you need to purchase Desktop Plus for 24.99 . Not interested in this right now but probably in the future . I also think you can record shows from the internet TV . Hopefully cable will go away because it is so expensive and the prices keep going up and I am very tired of it.But all in all it was worth the effort and now that I am familiar with how Tivo menu selections work - I am extremely HAPPY !! . Plus I get all of this for only 12.95 per month . I just love a good bargain .
 After owning a Series 1 Tivo for about 5 years , the hard drive became worn out and slooow and glitchy . It was time to upgrade to a new Tivo . After reading a lot of bad reviews about the HD Tivo -LRB- which I REALLY wanted -RRB- I decided to go with the Series 2 with dual tuners . I 'm glad I did ! The dual tuners are awesome . It allows you to record 2 channels at once , which is a very nice feature . It also has more memory than the Series 1 , so you can keep more recordings at once . If you are new to Tivo or DVRs , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND a Tivo Series 2 DVR .
 I bought this as a gift for my parents and while I have n't actually seen it in action , they tell me they love it and will never go back to normal tv . The only caveat is that it must be connected to the Internet , and if you do n't have an Ethernet cable that you can easily plug into the back , make sure you get the wireless adapter that goes with it -LRB- sold separately of course -RRB- .
 We are very satisfied with the TiVo . It was easy to set up . We also purchased from Amazon the wireless cable at your suggestion . Awesome ! My oldest son suggested that I go to Amazon for the TiVo purchase . Apparantly he does a lot of business with Amazon . Kudos to you.Nance
 Describing the Tivo Series 2 is like looking up the word perfect in the dictionary , and then attempting to describe what perfect means to you . The Tivo Series 2 is just that.True , it does n't stream Netflix movies and it is n't in HD , but that 's OK , because I do n't subscribe to Netflix and I do n't have HD TV.Plainly said , the Tivo Series 2 makes my families life easier . It records what I set it to record without problem , whether I set it from my computer or the Tivo box itself . It even records programs under Tivo Suggestions that I maybe interested in , which often times I am . The Series 2 allows me to watch exactly what I want to watch whenever , and its great . Often times I will come from work at 1 AM and watch the Simpson re-runs I love , the Colbert Report , Daily Show and maybe an episode of Malcom in the Middle . My wife love watching Sci-Fi shows , Jon & Kate Plus 8 , The Real Housewive of Oranage County and Highlander . We have totally opposite tastes , but we rarely fight over what to watch on TV because of the Series 2 . It has been a real life changer.Not to mention the features of the Amazon.com Unbox service where you can purchase or rent movies and then download to your Series 2 , and it has worked great for me.Of course being able to pause live TV while you are watching a movie so that you can go to the bathroom . The interface is easy to use and setup . You get the most for your money and your cable subscription because you are able to record programs up to two weeks in advance , and of course you can change it any time.Great product .
 I finally switched from ancient antenna to basic cable , so I decided to get a Tivo . I do n't watch much television , but there are a few shows I like and figured this would work out perfectly for me and my family . Initial setup was pretty simple and I did not run into any problems until I hooked up the Tivo to my phone line . It would not connect to the server to finish the initialization process . Luckily I was able to move my router to accomodate a network connection which worked fine , however , it did take awhile . Once I got it up and running , it was great being able to schedule all my recordings and use the season pass feature . I also setup my computers with the Tivo desktop to be able to put programs on to my hard-drive for future viewing . I was pretty disappointed to find out I have to spend an additional $ 25 to upgrade to Tivo desktop plus to be able to convert the videos into . mp4 format . I have not yet upgraded to Tivo Desktop Plus , but probably will , just so I can convert and edit the TV shows that I want . My other complaint is I feel that with all the technology there is , the User Interface is just too slow . Mainly , when I am trying to modify settings on a season pass or startup . Hopefully , on the newer models they will use a little more processing power and get up to date with current pc 's . Although , cable and satellite dvr 's are n't necessarily any better in these areas . Lastly , it is ridiculous that this model only has an 80gb hard-drive , and to go larger there is a huge jump in price . The base model should start off at a minimum of 120gb , especially with the drop in prices on hard-drives . Other than that , Tivo is everything it claims to be and once you have it you will never want to go back to regular tv again . I love the fact that I do n't have to worry about missing a show , and I can pause and rewind live tv . And the best part is fast-forwarding through commercials .
 This product is very easy and intuitive to set up and to use . And , after using it for about a month , we find that it has altered the way we watch TV in that we can watch great shows that are on too late , we can reduce the amount of time it takes to watch them by speeding thru the ads , and we can re-watch things that we either missed -LRB- as in did n't hear correctly -RRB- or just enjoyed . I was originally against the concept thinking that we would just pile up an inventory of unwatched shows , but since they are so quick & easy to watch , that has not happened .
 I love it . This is the second TiVo in my home . So glad TiVo came out with the dual recording capabilities on their stand alone -LRB- without Direct TV -RRB- equipment . My only suggestion would be
 When I bought our TiVo , I knew I would like it . What I did n't realize was how much . Our VCR was fine , but I was the only one who knew how to program it . I had to keep track of where things were on the tape , and help me if there was more than one thing to record.We 've had a TiVo for a couple of months now , and I 've started to forget when shows are on . I can come back from a walk with my family , and start watching a show that 's halfway through recording , or watch a show while another is recording . But one of the biggest selling points is the simple interface . Everyone in my house can find the show they want to watch -LRB- no scanning for it on the tape -RRB- , and start seeing it within a few seconds.One of the few nitpicks is that the 80 hours refers to recording at the most basic quality , which is barely passable for video . At the next level , it can store slightly under 40 hours . Even this sounds like a lot , until you realize how many movies are on TV . This is truly a minor thing , but it 's very hard to find fault with this device .
 Our original 80 hour Tivo worked just fine but there were too many scheduling conflicts . In steps the new dual tuner Tivo to save the day . It can record two shows at once and still allow you to watch a previously recorded show -LRB- or another live show with a splitter -RRB- . If you love Tivo or are thinking about getting one , this new dual tuner is a must have .
 I forget how long I 've had my Tivo . It 's way past the warranty expiring . My hard drive died and I was able to replace no problem . It still works great . Tivo out classes every other DVR I 've ever tried . It 's flexible .
 My husband and I are TiVo fans for life ! We have used other DVRs at family and friends houses and nothing compares to TiVo 's ease of use , awesome features and TiVo-ness !
 It just works great . Being able to save shows on my computer is awesome too , and for free!Definitely awesome.My only complaint is the monthly fee has gone up over the years and not many usable improvements have been made . It was great to begin with and will continue to rival and overtake other tv and dvr boxes .
 My old TiVo is still alive and kicking . Got him as a gift about 8 years ago and bit the bullet and bought lifetime service . Best money I 've ever spent . We have other TWC dvrs in the house ; always having problems with on demand video , slow relays , delayed remote responses , playback of recorded shows . NEVER have these problems with TiVO . He 's changed my life !
 I like to save TV series till the end of the session and use as backup for comcast dvr in my home
 Recently had a series of charlie chan on tv . Recorded them on tivo , and transfered to my laptop and then burned dvd 's of the whole series . Saved myself $ 100 or more . PS . . My wife loved me for it .
 Had a VCR and taped everything possible . A pain in the butt . Then we received a TiVo as a Christmas present with the life-time membership and BAM ! life has never been better . My teeth are whiter , my salary went up , my body fat went down , my sex life improved , and my IQ skyrocketed through the roof . Thank you TiVo .
 I got my first TIVO years ago after being prompted by my daughter . I now have two and ca n't imagine not having them . I never miss a TV show . I love me a TIVO !!!!!
 Cant be beat by any cable co. dvr . ALL others fall way short by far . cant live without it !
 TiVo has truly changed the way we watch TV.To many good things to describe . From recording my favorite shows and watching them at the time I am available , from pausing and rewinding live tv , to be able to stream my personal pictures and music no my living room . Any way you look at it , TiVo has change the way I watch TV , and I could never go back.It is so great , that sometimes I in real life I have the urge to pause and rewind just as I am adjusted to do so with TiVo .
 Once you have Tivo , you will wonder how you ever lived without it . We have both a DVR from Comcast and Tivo . Tivo wins hands down . The Tivo box is much easier to use and is more responsive . I just bought my second Tivo .
 This dual tuner TiVo unit is great . If you do n't want to spend the money for a Series3 , this is the next best thing .
 I 'm a long-time owner of Tivo 's . I purchased my first Series 1 Tivo in 1999 . It could record 14 whole hours of programming and cost about $ 1,000 ! I 've also had two Series 2 single-tuner Tivos.The Tivo being reviewed here - Series 2 with the Dual Tuner - is my most recent purchase . I 've had it about a year.Things I like about this DVR
 I sure hope you are reading this review before July 23rd , a short window of time . They may make this offer again but this is the first time I heard of it . NO MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION CHARGES and an upgrade . Yeah , I know the Series 3 is coming out but we have a very old Tivo so the Series 2 is a luxury upgrade for us and the free subscription saves us money - and it is for the lifetime of the product . Considering that we JUST upgraded our 2003 model , I 'm not too worried . I have no idea how long the Series 2 has been out there but our older version worked fine , giving us these major advantages :1 . Ability to record shows whether we were home or not2 Skip commercials3 . Decide WHEN we wante to watch shows .4 . Save shows indefinitely -LRB- our favorites -RRB- 5 . Show our photos on the tvNow THIS NEW MODEL OFFERS ADDITIONAL FEATURES :1 . Ability to record two channels at once2 . We can watch unbox rentals from Amazon by linking it to Tivo3 . Wireless connection abilityMany more features which we are still learning . Love it !
 I already have a single tuner TiVo with a lifetime subscription . We use it constantly and decided to get another box for the main tv . The dual-tuner won out for 2-tuners and built-in ethernet to connect to network . It has exceeded expectations and is very easy to use . The only thing that would be better is the Series 3 HD unit , but that is too expensive and we do not have and HD tv .
 I used Tivo about 5 years ago and switched to Dish Network and their DVR . Overall , Tivo was much more polished but the Dish DVR was freewith my order . I missed some of the Tivo features -LRB- like accurate TVlistings ;--RRB- but survived for several years with the Dish DVR . Thestraw that broke the camel 's back was the new daylight savings rulesand mysterous lockups after a recent Disk DVR upgrade . After tryingeverything I could think of , searching the Internet , and every wipingthe DVR , nothing worked so I called Dish and was given the solutionafter a 20 minute phone call . They could n't explain my lockups ormy why the DST info was n't on their webpage.Back to Tivo - I was pleased with the ethernet connection -LRB- painless -RRB- andthe dual tuners -LRB- record one channel on basic cable while recording another channel -RRB- . Setup was painless as well.Now a rant - Tivo simply has to reduce their monthly fee . Many cable companies , Direct TV , Disknetwork , etc have a DVR and despite glowingreviews like this one , most new customers will be driven by price.How do you qualify `` more polished '' until you 've used a Tivo?Just a satisfied customer - no connection with Tivo.Mike Honeycutt
 Length :
 I have been a TiVo user for almost 10 years now , and I can tell you that TiVo is a fantastic product . HOWEVER , BUYER BEWARE . The `` series 2 dual tuner '' will be obsolete soon -- or , at least , it will be relegated down to a `` series 2 single tuner '' . I recently switched to Verizon FiOS and purchased a TiVo HD XL -LRB- great product , by the way ! -RRB- for my den with my 50 '' plasma HD TV , and this Series 2 dual tuner for the bedroom -LRB- old standard def 30 '' TV -RRB- . After hooking it up , I was sad to discover that Verizon no longer offers `` basic cable '' channels . The series 2 dual tuner can record two shows at once if one is `` basic cable '' and one is `` digital cable '' -LRB- it CAN NOT record two digital channels at once -RRB- . Since Verizon does not offer `` basic cable '' service , this TiVo is effectively a single tuner DVR.The good news is that TiVo and Amazon both have excellent customer service policies . Amazon offered me a full refund -LRB- minus return shipping since it 's not `` their fault '' -RRB- and TiVo not only offered to fully refund my lifetime service fee , but also offered to upgrade me to a TiVo HD for significant savings.Overall , I 'm a little disappointed that I was not able to use this in my bedroom , but this really is n't TiVo 's fault , and thanks to excellent customer service in the part of Amazon and TiVo , I am a satisfied customer . If you can still get basic cable , then this Series 2 is a great device -LRB- though , it 'd be nice if they had the capability to record two digital channels at once -- hence the 4 and not 5 star rating -RRB- . Otherwise , you 're better off going with the TiVo HD until they offer an updated version of the series 2 that can do two digital channels at once .
 I ordered the TiVo and it was shipped the next day -LRB- Friday -RRB- . I received it in less than a week after I ordered it . When I got it , it was missing the remote . After contacting the seller , he ordered a new remote and had it sent to me as well as a `` how-to '' book just for the inconvenience that I encountered.Very good customer service , I would order again from this seller any time .
 EXCELLENT and I do not use that word in product descriptions unless IT IS EXCELLENT in every way . Quality of sound and video is GREAT and it is easy to program and set up . My TV Is so old I needed a TIVO phone adapter also . If your set is old the TIVO may need an adapter too . It is sold separately and costs about $ 10-20 depending on whether it is new or used .
 My husband uses these DVD 's to save our recordings of our daughter , and found that they are a decent , economical alternative to buying the Sony brand mini-DVD 's . We have to record on the highest quality setting , and there is slight graininess compared to the Sony product , but is negligible considering the price difference . Would recommend to those looking for a good -LRB- but not perfect -RRB- quality DVD to store a high volume of recordings .
 I bought these because they were the cheapest . However , their quality has proven to exceed their price . They work perfectly in my mini-DVD camcorder and I can get an hour or more of taping out of them rather than the 30 minuted indicated on the DVDs . I 'm impressed that I can get such quality for such an inexpensive price . I 'll continue to buy this brand as it saves me money and provides excellent quality . What more can I ask for ?
 This woks as well as the original Sony mini DVD 's on my Sony camcorder only is does give me a message saying this is not original use original sony media but still after that msg it works well with out paying for the Sony name brand . I got no coasters .
 These are good discs . I noticed my burner did n't stop me from burning an over-size image , so make sure what you want to burn will fit . Cases and sleeves are hard to find cheap .
 Sometimes I need less than a whole computer bag . I 've always hated the fact that to go anywhere with my laptop , I 'd have to grab it 's entire bag - even if the only thing I was carrying was my cell phon , adapter , and laptop . Fortunately , I found this product . I can go from meeting to meeting with just the essentials . Which makes me more efficient , and gets me to meetings faster , which gives me that promotion over Bob who 's still using that large bulky bag .
 I bought this bag as an alternate/temporary bag before I got a really heavy duty bag for my 17 '' MacBook Pro.It was even better looking in person than it was online ... cool surprise ! I am particularly fond of the bright green color of the inside of the bag , but thats personal preference -LRB- I love lime green -RRB- . The bag fits the 17 '' MacBook Pro very well , with a little bit of breathing room . I suspect that someone with a Speck Clear Case -LRB- Speck MB17-CLR-SEE See Thru 17-Inch MacBook Pro Hard Case -LRB- Clear -RRB- -RRB- would n't have any trouble fitting it in there . The power adapter and a mouse just barely fit into the cargo net area on this bag -LRB- which is under the flap and gets buckled in for safety.The only complaint I have with this bag is this
 Probably the best and most compact protect I have seen for my Mac . I had one for my 15 '' model and now I bought one for my 17 '' MacBook pro as well . Excellent quality and extra pockets for small stuff .
 This is a great case for a large laptop ! It 's so much easier and more comfortable to carry my 17 &#34; laptop with this case . I would definitely recommend it !
 Bought this for my husband after extensive research . Product has great sound , great appearance and great value .
 This is an off white color . More of a vanilla than a white . Ive used it a few times though , and like the color . The shipping tube is a great storage tube when not in use .
 EVERY single roll of paper I purchase will have the end torn to shreds , or ripped up about 3 feet . Obviously that has to be trimmed . I hate buying seamless paper , but it 's the look I like .
 The price is right with this product especially if you can find it with super saver shipping . The paper itself is pretty strong and holds up to foot traffic on concrete . It is relatively easy to roll back up and swap out but if you do tear it make sure to use some heavy duty tape to prevent a long tear in your paper . The color is slighly warm to my eye but becomes quite neutral with enough lighting .
 I have been using Savage paper in my Evansville Indiana photography studio for 11 years . We photograph seniors , brides , families ... I take this paper in rolls to weddings and dance / ballet studios too . It is always great . There are samples on our FB page . Just search for shootmyphoto dot com and you will see plenty !
 As soon as I got this filter , I went outside to try it vs. the windshield of my car with a new Nikon D5100 + Tamron 18-270 lens . It was perfectly easy to use , and I had no trouble dialing it from `` neutral '' -LRB- windshield entirely `` glared '' -RRB- to full polarization , which eliminated much of the glare and allowed me to see clearly into the car . If I can figure out how to post these photos here , I 'll do it . It 's my first circular polarizer , so I have nothing to compare it to . But it seems to do its job .
 For the money , this is just what my Pentax needed . I saw imediately the difference this filter makes with my pictures . It takes just a very short time to learn the best settings . I have other Hoya circular polarizer filters and my cameras and I really like them . There are more expensive filters out there for the pros to use , but for me this filter is great .
 I wanted to buy a high quality and not-so-expansive CPL for my DSRL , this one is perfect . You will not expect anything better at this low price . I love it . Shipping is promp .
 Purchased this filter for a new Tamron lens . Product works great ... have used it a couple of times , and the results are exactly as promised . Shipping was prompt ... arrived one day after the lens .
 Polarizer does what it is advertised to do . Makes pictures more vivid and takes `` haze '' out of picture .
 Arrived in a very timely manner and in great condition - I would buy from this seller again .
 It 's a filter to protect the lens . It does hat it is supposed to do without negatively impacting the photos .
 I bought this as a refurbished item and it would n't charge the battery if it was plugged into the bottom , only if the battery was detached . Workable but not what I wanted so I called B&D. ; They had me try a couple of things and then immediately shipped me a brand new unit and a pre-paid UPS label . The new unit works flawlessly.You get a very bright lantern and 6 LED lights beneath the main bulb , AM-FM radio which works fine , the NOAA weather band is difficult to tune but that 's true with any non-PLL tuner . The AC inverter works fine for charging most AC devices , the 12v DC power socket is handy for some devices but the ability to keep the whole thing charged via the included adapter or by hand-cranking is the best feature.I have n't run trials on the duration of the light since we 've had no outages this winter but I 'll post them when I can .
 I bought this lantern for my husband to take to camp . He absolutely loved it . It really is super sturdy and well made exactly what you would expect from a Black and Decker product . The price was the best of all - just go and compare the prize you will be surprised of the sweet deal here : -RRB-
 I bought this for a backup power for our company data center . It has come in handy a couple of times and it works great . We have not used the radio or the Power utlity much but all features work well enough . I am happy with the Black and Decker lantern and would recommend it .
 Great combination of features for a portable unit . The main CFL is very bright , and the LEDs provide ample light when you do n't want to be blinded . The battery seems to last very well , especially if you 're just running the LEDs . The radio tuner seems to lock fairly well , does n't seem to wander too much . Have n't had the opportunity to use the inverter other than just to test it , but it seems very usable .
 Good product , good delivery . However , I wound up replacing with an LED unit I 'm happier with . If you are replacing the reflector , pay the couple extra bucks and upgrade to LED .
 I just got into photography so I ca n't say this is not a great product , once you figure out how you should use it the colour it gives to your images are excellent . I have no issues with this filter .
 I ca n't say much about &#34; quality &#34; on this . At the reasonable price and for what I needed - it either worked or it did not work . It worked . One note is that the fat part of the male connector hits against the case on my phone keeps the pin from going all the way in . It works great when I have the case off my phone . Just know that your case may be thick enough to impede the pin from inserting all the way as well . I am blaming my phone case and not this product for the problem - but you 've been warned .
 I wanted a Y adapter and all the stores had short ones for more than double the price of this one . I have it using stereo from a TV split to a receiver and to a wireless headphone transmitter . Works amazingly !
 Needed a scanner that would scan A3 size papers , and would work heavy duty on a daily basis . I bought this one , and found my money 's worth . The scans are pretty good . The price seemed high , but for a scanner that could scan A3 as well as do lots of scanning every day , I think its a good buy .
 very smart design , allows user to recharge batteries in sameunit , am/fm tuner with pre-sets is a rare feature for portable cdplayers especially at this price . actual weight is less than a pound -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This thing is rock solid , and un-like the other reviewer , I did turn it on , It sounds great and works well , it did n't skip unless I shook it for more than 3 seconds , and when I say shake , I really mean shake . It is a little heavy , but it does n't seem overly heavy , it just feels well built .
 I bought an Apple iPod Shuffle advertised as `` Brand New '' . After I had purchased the item off Amazon , I receive an e-mail from the seller stating that it was not as advertised and is not brand new . I still ordered the item and was happy with it , as it had no scratches , but was a little bummed because I was counting on a brand new one . iPod works great and my niece loves it .
 I bought this at christmas time and i love it . i 've yet to have a problem with it . i use staples brand computer paper and do n't have a problem with it . the quality pictures it prints are excellent and fast . the only complaint i would have is that there is no tray to catch the papers that just printed out so they just basically fall down all over the place . i love the wireless connection to it . i have a laptop so i 'm not always in the same place , but now i can sit in my bedroom and print something out and not have to fiddle with cords and such to connect it . i recommend this .
 Hp has released a peper feed cleaning kit . The kit will solve all of the paper feed problems seen on the 2575 AIO . All you have to do is call their support line and they will send you the kit for free .
 I have just finished printing 10 photos I took at an art museum earlier today , and I can not be more pleased . My photos are sharp and the color is right on . I used HP Premium Photo Paper in the printer , and the prints look great . -LRB- I 'm not crazy about the perforated tab on the paper , but this is a review for the printer , so ... -RRB- . I have also used the scanning and copying features on this printer and it is so easy ! There are very specific buttons that say `` Start Copy Black '' and `` Start Copy Color '' as well as `` Start Scan '' . How much easier can it get ? The included Image Zone software is also great . I was able to remove red eyes from photos easily , as well as crop/resize photos quickly . The instant share feature is pretty cool , you just have to make sure that you have all of your photos selected prior to starting your e-mail . -LRB- I 'm used to inserting files after addressing a message , so it takes a little getting used to . -RRB- In terms of other reviewers mentioning white spots on photos and paper jams , I 'm happy to say that has not been an issue for me . I 'm happily printing away over here , enjoying the instant gratification of excellent photos !
 I scanned some photos and they looked good , ca n't really complain.But the big thing for me was the JetDirect card in the back . I have used and returned those print servers from Linksys , Netgear , etc with no luck . -LRB- A lot of them have ones they work with , ones they do n't -RRB- . I use IP Printing at work , so I knew how to set-up a printer from the computers around the house with TCP/IP Port and once I did this thing was awesome.Now I can be in the basement on the laptop and hit print and its upstairs ready.I have n't run into the paper catching issue . We printed our wedding programs on this printer and in a short month it 's already seen a thousand sheets with no trouble.For anyone wanting to print on their home network reliably and easily should check this
 I am a full time student , and I print off drafts of written work and photos everyday ! This printer is terrific , and I see a plethora of bad reviews that seem a bit suspicious of user error . I suggest reading the instructions and learning about your printer . The more you know the less things will come up , and when they do , they are often easy fixes . Try not to rely on customer support for your products when you have the power in your instruction pamphlet . I would hate to see this printer get such a bad wrap that is unsupported by the product itself and merely due to a time deficiency in the busy schedules of new users . I have had this printer since the day it came on the market , perhaps 8 months now . It has provided me with the highest quality prints and docs of all my printers to date , and as an student , a quality printer is extremely important . I suggest a reconsideration for those who have one , and I highly reccomend it for those who are looking .
 I bought this printer in October of 2005 . At the time I was demonstrating and selling cameras , computers and peripherals in Best Buy . I had an opportunity to compare its performance with every other printer in the store . It was pricey and did n't have all of the features I could have used but it was the best printer for the money and the cost-per-page beat every other home/office machine in the store.Six years later , I still use this machine exclusively and I 'm very pleased with it as a copier , scanner , and photo printer . Excellent photos even if you do n't buy the photo cartridge . Better than excellent if you do.Four months ago , I got a Carriage Jam message and thought I was going to be in the market for a new printer . But I gave it a thorough cleaning with several alcohol pads and I 've not had anything out of it since except good work.My wife used it for her business printing needs -LRB- whatever you can imagine and many multiples of it -RRB- for about three years . I use it for my work and I also use it to print out bulletins and supplemental song sheets for our church 's small congregation . Does it occasionally grab two pieces of paper instead of one ? Yes , occasionally it does and life goes on.Here 's a few tips for anybody using any printer
 I had the same problem everybody else had , the paper stopped feeding . I kind of wanted to bash this thing against the wall but it was SO simple to fix . Take that little back piece off and also take the spool thingy off or whatever that long thing with the wheels is -- Wash your hands or not and then bring a cup of water -- wet your finger and then put it into the back and clean the rubber wheel inside the printer/scanner , -LRB- on the floor of it where the paper feeds through -RRB- clean all the way around the rubber wheel -- That 's it !!! I did n't think it 'd be that easy . Anyways , if you get the settings right and if you have a pretty nice color-accurate monitor , this thing prints some very nice pictures . I do n't get very good results with generic paper so I 'd go with anything HP and then make sure you have that paper selected in the printer properties . Otherwise the driver has to guess what kind of paper you have and it 'll probably look either faded or over saturated . It took me a while to get the settings just right but it was worth it . Good Luck . I gave it 5 stars because it was so easy to clean and the pictures can look pretty amazing if you put enough time into each one . An hour ago I probably would have given it 1 star but it 's a really good printer/scanner . It 's not HP 's fault we have dusty houses and end up putting dusty paper into their machine , right ? ----- Also , there is an option in the printer menu that allows you to clean your ink cartridges -- you might consider doing that if you 're seeing lines in your prints .
 I 'm a college student and use this printer on a pretty regular basis . I 've had this printer for about a year and have NEVER had any problems with the paper feed . Maybe it just depends on where they manufactured your printer . Everything I 've printed , from Word documents to skydiving pics , has turned out great . I print out all my photos on store brand glossy photo paper -LRB- much cheaper -RRB- and they look fantastic.Pros
 Would n't take paper , right out of the box . Back to Best Buy , exchanged , no problems now . Nice photo prints on 4 '' x 6 '' . But Best Buy does n't carry this printer anymore ... guess the word got out . Hope it lasts longer than my last HP printer -LRB- about 2 years -RRB- , that one was a much cheaper model and worked accordingly . I 'd never buy another HP laptop like this Omnibook XE2 , takes a full 15 minutes to boot up .
 I first spent two hours attempting to intall the software for this printer from the intallation CD , getting a different error each time . Then , I decided to go to the HP website . I went to the HP Photosmart 2575 page , Software and Drivers , and downloaded and intalled the basic driver in 10 minutes - without a single error . Now the printer is working great !
 I really like this all-in-one . It 's the first one I 've owned . I shied away from them before because so many people said that they had `` little '' problems with theirs , and then , of course , when the machine had to be fixed , all three functions were gone . But when the price of this HP came down so far , I decided to bite . I have n't had the same problems as others -LRB- paper jams , long reboots -RRB- , but did have to return the machine because it was scanning and copying with a 1 '' stripe down the middle of the page . The online HP Help section said that this results from the power cord being plugged into a strip rather than the wall , OR , from the copy glass being dirty . Neither was true for me . HP sent me another one immediately , and I hope that I have better luck with this one . I really like the HP name , but it 's been sullied a bit by these small nagging problems .
 I think , and I may be wrong here , that the people doing the complaining about the paper jams are using cheap , crappy paper . In the manual , they clearly say that you should use normal stock inkjet paper or you 'll get paper jams . I use HP 's Bright White Inkjet paper -LRB- I have for years -RRB- and it seems to be working fine . I 've only had it for a few days so the jury 's still out but I 'll bet that 's what the problem is.As for the printer/scanner/photo printer this thing is great ! I require better-than-average devices for my work and this `` All-In-One '' does the trick . It 's never going to be as good as individual components that specifically do only those tasks but it 's much better than I had hoped it would be . The photos look great and the scanner gives me really crisp scans.Overall , a solid offering from HP .
 Hp printers used to be good now there getting worse we had 1 2575 that the scanner pooped out when we got it the secound one works we still have it after a year of light use and it works.It it slow on copies when i turn it on i wait 4 mins before it compies or it will scan the image then suck up the paper and sit there for 20 min then says PLEASE TRY AGAIN so i shut it off and wait 5 minutes turn it on and wait 4 min . the make a copy and it works . the printer speed is fast and the scanner is fine the card reader does not work good so PLEASE BEWARE IF YOU BUY ITIf you have any queston please contact me at ouimetnick@gmail.com
 I just bought this printer 2 weeks ago and it works perfectly . i dont know why people are complaining about paper jams , because maybe its their faults . you are n't really suppose to stick the paper way in . as for printing photographs , i havent bought the special ink , but with the regular ink , it works great , sometimes even better than doing it at the stores . I 've printed 20 pictures or so and i still have enough ink left . So if you people have problems because of the paper jams or whatever , maybe its your fault . protect your investments , because good quality printers dont come cheap .
 I just bought this machine yesterday and , while I have n't tried it out with the 4 x 6 photo paper yet , I have tried printing on 8.5 x 11 sheets of varying thicknesses with NO trouble with paper picking or anything of the kind.I printed a photo onto 8.5 x 11 onto regular paper and was amazed at the quality on just plain bond . I also copied a christmas photo card from my sister-in-law and again , was amazed at the resolution and the quality.Both the scanner and the printer are far better quality than I expected for the price I paid so I do n't understand the negative reviews here on Amazon . I checked the reviews for this product on cnet.com and it got an 8.8 out of a possible 10 over there.Don ' t be swayed by these negative remarks . I 've seen plenty of rave reviews for this product and I agree with them wholeheartedly .
 What sold me on the HP 2575 printer ? The built in network adapter ! I have 4 computers in my house and this was the perfect solution for us.The printer itself is also great , prints very good picture quality , fast text -LRB- although I usualy use my LaserJet 1100A for black only text -RRB- . The scanner / copier is also great and very easy to use . Even printing photos form memory cards or PicBridge is easy!For people nervous about the drivers , just go straight to Hewlett Packard 's web site and download the latest drivers , I 've had no issues with any of my computers , inlcuding a WinXP pro machine.I 've also noticed that cost per page is low , too -LRB- lower than other photo printers by HP and other companies -RRB- . If you see the multi packs -LRB- I 've seen the color cartridge , the photo cartridge , and a 100 pack of 4X6 photo paper for $ 40 ! Now that 's a deal !! -RRB- . I would definately recommend this printer for anyone wanting a good and expensive all in one solution -LRB- or even just a photo printer ! -RRB- .
 I received this printer in December 2005 . I use it for printing word documents , photos and scanning and have had few problems . I probably use it 1-2 times a week and occasionally do run into paper jams-but they 've been easily fixable.The photoquality is excellent even without the special photo-ink . I 've also had good luck scanning photos , fixing them up and then reprinting.A year ago , I got this printer for about $ 160 and I 'd say it was worth it . Nowadays you may be able to get something better for the same price .
 I 've had this printer for almost 2 years and I have never had a problem with it . This printer went through a lot with all the papers and pictures I printed and it still gave me great performance . Never had a paper jam or any other problems . You just have to be patient with it and it will print things perfectly . I never got the recommended paper for it maybe thats why I never had a problem ;--RRB- . I 've been through so many printers because all other brands were crap and broke down after a couple months . If your looking for a printer you do n't necessarly have to buy this one because it is a little expensive , but I would recommend HP over anything else .
 Pictures are clear , colors are great . Easy to operate the scanner/copier . Color cartridges last a very long time , unlike my previous Canon printer .
 I followed all instructions and have no problems . Pictures are as good as store bought . Great scanner and software . Makes great copies , fast .
 Like so many others , my HP printer suffered from the chronic paper feed problems . The tech support people gave the standard suggestions -LRB- use a bigger/smaller stack of paper , do a power cycle , clean the roller -RRB- . Nothing worked -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- . But here 's something that DOES work :1 -RRB- Clean the roller as instructed -LRB- remove the back panel , clean the roller with an alcohol swab -RRB- 2 -RRB- Spray the end of a Q-tip with hairspray3 -RRB- Dab/wipe the Q-tip gently across the surface of the roller , taking extreme care to not get hairspray on anything else .4 -RRB- Allow at least 15 minutes to dry ... and VOILA ! Problem solved . Does n't leave any residue on the paper -LRB- and even if it did , it would be on the back of the paper - no biggie -RRB- . And best of all , no hassle of returning the printer for servicing , dealing with shipping charges , warranty renewals , etc.And I must say , apart from the paper feed problem -LRB- which is n't a problem anymore -RRB- , this all-in-one printer is totally freakin ' sweet !
 Have owned this printer for several months now , purchased the 2575xi version at Costco for about $ 180 . We use it with a 5 year old Mac running OS 10.4 via the ethernet connection . No problems with install or any of the features.This printer has changed the way we use our digital photos . Previously we connected the cameras via USB and imported the photos to the computer via iPhoto . This printer is equipped with multiple card readers , so now we just pop the card in and transfer/import through the printer . We are also able to view the photos on the card via the printer LCD and/or print any pictures immediately.We have used all of the printer/scan/copier functions extensively as my wife is responsible for putting together our daughters elementary school yearbook . No problems whatsoever and not a single paper jam . The included cartridges have lasted through about 400 pages of mixed color/BW printouts , with ink still in reserve . Our previous Epson printer would get about 200 pages and a cleaning cycle was required if not used once a week . We have yet to align or clean the HP.The software is easy to install and use and most functions can be done either via the Mac or directly from the printer interface . Because the printer is connected via ethernet , there are several nice features that one can use to enhance and share your digital photo experience . You may set up Instant Share which allows you to print photos remotely to a friend or family members ' Photosmart printer . You can upload photos to an on-line professional photo studio and you can even order the correct cartridges via the Internet -LRB- web site will ask if it can query your printer -RRB- . The only down-side I have experienced is the limited availability of cartridges . I do not know if this is because the printer is new or because of popularity . Replacement cartridges on-line run $ 20 - $ 25 each . The printer uses a black cartridge -LRB- # 98 -RRB- and a 3-color cartridge -LRB- # 95 -RRB- standard . Optional photo cartridges replace the 98 with a gray cartridge -LRB- 100 -RRB- and the 98 with a photo 3-color photo cartridge -LRB- 99 -RRB- . It is my understanding that they are interchangeable in that you can take them in and out as printing needs arise although I have not bought the optional cartridges.Although we generally use an on-line pro photo service for scrap-booking and the final yearbook photos , the 2575xi is capable of nearly matching the print quality . We use Costco printing services as it is generally cheaper than the paper/ink of any consumer photo printer.It is worth noting that there seem to be several variations of the 2575 series printer , Bestbuy sells one version and the Costco version is 2575xi . The specs are all the same and I am unsure if the difference is the due to the retailer or included software.I soon plan to upgrade our PC to Windows XP and hope the printer works 1/2 as well as it does with the old Mac ... . another classic example of getting what you pay for ! A couple hundred more dollars upfront saves you $ in the long run with less hassle , no pop-ups or spyware and they run the latest software for years and years .
 A lot of people have had problems with paper feeding on these all in ones . About 2 % - 3 % of these babies built between summer 05 and winter 06 had bad rollers . I called the help line and got all this info from the rep after some troubleshooting -LRB- paper settings , cleaning , etc -RRB- . The `` cleaning kit '' they sent is actually an abrasive pad type thing that you put in the printer , and run some software to ` resurface ' the rollers . `` Cleaning '' is misleading ; we 've all cleaned the rollers , whether or not it works . It actually seems to grind off some of the rubber , and my printer 's working like a charm now . Just a tip . Get the ` cleaning ' kit .
 I am not quite understanding other 's reviews because mine has NEVER jammed . It prints fine and the best part is that it is networkable , so every copmputer in the house can use it . I have noticed that images come out a little too red , but I think I can tweak that . Otherwise I have been happy with the purchase . I would like to compare it to come of the 6 ink models out there though .
 I have enjoyed this printer for three years , but found it continues to jam now . It is a hassle . I also set my default to only black ink so as to not cost so much . General home use .
 I 'm pleased with the printing , coping , and photo reproduction that HP has produced with this gem of a printer . I 'm completely satisfied .
 I am really impressed with the printer , especially the photo capabilities . I copied a picture on just regular paper and it came out great . It is fast and fairly easy to figure out .
 The printer was received as promised and it worked perfectly . Very satisfied .
 I got very good customer care.They called me back very fast when I asked theire help .
 After reading the reviews on this site , I was very wary to buy this particular printer , but for 60 dollars after a rebate I could n't resist . I have had NO complaints whatsoever . I have printed many 4x6 photos , all of which look just as good as a professional copy . Also , the 1 touch option to copy and scan are amazing and quick . I think that the people reviewing this product may have had an older version of the printer , either that or I may have just gotten lucky . Either way , I would go out on a limb and say this is the best printer I have ever purchased , price included .
 This is a great product for the price -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- . There are great features
 At first I thought it would not word but now you should see my titan it looks great and Iam looking for too making my truck look even better
 Easy to use and takes great shots . I recommend buying an extra card for extra pictures .
 I bought this camera for the ultra wide lens and have been amazed at the coverage it provides and the good quality pictures . The distortation expected by a lens of this width is very low and seems to be well compensated for by the on camera firmware . The display is nice and clear and bright , although in bright sun can be somewhat difficult to see . The inbuilt panaroma feature is amazing and provides great results . I also like the ease of which the exposure can be corrected up or down in 1/3 stop increments and the results seen right on the screen . An unexpected feature is the closeness to an object in macro mode especially using the 24mm lense . I have not seen better macro features on any camera I have previously owned . Things that slightly irritate are the ease in which your finger -LRB- s -RRB- gets in the way of the small flash unit thus reducing the light output . Also the lack of an optical viewfinder instead of the widescreen display is sometimes irritating as holding the camera in a viewable position increases instability although the antiblur feature generally is spot on . I thorougly enjoy this little gem .
 I agree in general with John Boland above . My intial impression of this camera is that its an extremely useful product for a broad range of users.First of all , the `` lack of quality '' in wide angle photos is not a very considered critisism . Obviously the widest angle -LRB- 23mm equiv -RRB- is going to include a framing of the scene whicch is a multiple of that covered by a normal -LRB- 50mm equiv -RRB- lens and without being an expert , I 'd suppose that multiple to be 4x plus . For a given object in the frame , that effectively divides the pixels devoted to it by the same 4x -LRB- or whatever -RRB- . Thus at that setting the camera is effectively 1.8 pixel for a given object 7.1 pixels is still a lot in the market , so any camera with that or less is going to have a similar `` problem '' . But this ignores the fact that such a camera has such a wide angle in the first place , which is an outstanding accomplishment . The `` problem '' occurs because it delivers something other siimilar cameras are incapable of and which few people will notice.And especially in a camera so simple to operate which is one of the reasons I got it -LRB- for my wife -RRB- With her , and I suspect many , the question is whether they 'll use an advanced feature like wide angle or even the camera at all , not whether it provides professional features.And the point about the wide angle being more useful than a super telephoto is right on , and it tends to be an inherently more expensive feature to boot .
 The picture quality is good , but when you take the flash off you have to hold still to take a picture or it will blur . If you have the flash on and you are moving or are in a car taking a picture it will not blur.Overall i really like this camera and the wide viewing screen is awesome
 This camera is an excellent choice for real estate professionals . It 's dual lens enables a wider range of field than conventional cameras and it 's ease of use is superb !
 Great little camera . Purchased to replace older version of same product . Seems they 've now discontinued . Too bad , the size of the camera itself -LRB- about that of a medium sized cell phone -RRB- , along with the quality pics & versatile function have made it invaluable for professional use . Original purchase was in 2005 , so have been using for right at seven years .
 The camera worked great for about 3 weeks and then took a dump . Since this was such an expensive purchase , we contacted the seller and he was more than happy to help us with whatever was necessary to make it right . It 's true ... satisfaction is the key to success !
 I am a residential realtor and this camera was recommended to me as the best for my uses - absolutely right ! I love it . I received the camera just as promised with all the accessories and in good condition . I could n't be more pleased .
 As you know , kodak has stopped producing this wonderful stuff with dual-lens . Satisfied so much , now I 'm looking forward to meeting another awesome product .
 I just ordered this camera from Amazon . Yes , I paid a little more for the option of having it ship directly from Amazon -LRB- I selected the option `` new and used from $ ... '' -RRB- but I prefer to have the Amazon return policy govern this purchase.Like other reviewers , I give this camera a top billing - if for no other reason than because of the wide angle lens . I love shooting wide angle on my digital SLR and being able to do so in a compact `` point and shoot '' is simply a top priority for me . A note of caution
 This camera is so cool ! It 's small enough to carry around in my purse . It 's very intuitive to learn to use . The Kodak website contains loads of information that is user friendly . Most of all the pictures are beautiful .
 This is a great camera ! Finally someone has made a camera that takes in the whole field of view , not just a small portion of it . Also the image quality is excellent . I took some pictures in a low lighted restaurant without a flash and they came out extremely well . In normal lighting conditions the pictures are sharp and the color is excellent . The screen menu is also very intuitive and easy to use.On the down side , there are a few minor issues . First , it is rather annoying that the focal length jumps from 23mm all the way to 39mm and then zooms up from there . I would have preferred that the second lense began at 32mm or 34mm rather than at 39mm so that more of the mid-range was available . Second , the battery is rather small . I would have preferred that the battery was larger so it would last longer . I have n't had an issue with the battery running out on me , but I know it would last longer if it were bigger . Third , -LRB- and this is an issue for all pocket cameras , not just the V705 -RRB- , I wish someone would make a camera case that had a belt clip as well as a battery pocket . I have n't been able to find that anywhere for any of my pocket cameras.All in all , this is a great camera . I also own a Canon SD300 -LRB- which is also a great camera -RRB- but I find that I take the V705 with me most of the time because of the beautiful wide angle shots it takes .
 This is about the 5th digital camera I have owned and I think that none have compared to the quality vs price as this one . I was a little frightened by some of the reviews but after getting this camera I have taken about 200 pics in the last 4-5 days -LRB- learning how to use the different settings -RRB- and I am really pleased that I ordered it . As with all new products you buy you have to learn how they work . The more options , the more to learn . I was impressed with the movie quality also in that most cameras do not have that great of quality . I converted the Quicktime to WMA for DVD and they looked great on a big screen TV . The only little drawback I see is the door to the card that I am very careful when opening.I have always carried a couple spare batteries and if you buy a charger and keep them charged there is no problem . This I think is true with all battery based items with a lot of use . I also keep 3-4 extra cards for storage . You do n't depend on flashlights and not keep extra batteries or blame the flashlight when it quits .
 there are a lot of canon lovers who like to post negative reviews on other camera brands . well , this camera has a unique feature that other brands do n't have -- in-camera stitching of up to three wide angle shots so that you get a great superwide panoramic shot right out of the camera . no computer is needed . and yes , you can save the shots individually if you want to stitch them on a computer . just save three individual 23 mm shots -- it is not rocket science . comments that the camera lacks RAW are silly -- this is not a big , bulky dSLR or a really sophisticated camera with lots of manual controls -- sorry , but that is not the target for this camera -- it is a pocket camera that takes easy , wide angle shots and panoramics . RAW is for people who want to fine tune pictures on their computers.so , in sum , this is a great camera for shooting scenery and when indoors , getting all the folks in the picture without having to back up far away . i highly recommend it ! -LRB- and Kodak 's colors are wonderful ! -RRB-
 Before I bought this camera , I was worried about some of the reviews . I guess you ca n't please everyone . As long as you can recharge the camera , or carry a spare li-ion battery , you will be fine . The zoom is great , but the really outstanding feature of this camera is the wide angle lens . You wo n't be just using it for those indoor family shots -- it is great outdoors too , taking in additional scenery without distortion . The panorama feature is easy to use , too . I took 245 pictures in 7 days and love this camera .
 Is it possible to be in love with an inanimate object ? Because I am !!! I love the wide angle lens on this camera , it just makes the pictures look more professional whether your doing landscapes and portraits or just having a night out at the bar . I 'm not a big fan of their red eye technology , but the rest makes up for it . You can use the fish eye lens , sepia for an aged look , or spotlight . It also enhances your pictures with Perfect Touch , if you so choose , and your pictures become more vibrant -LRB- helpful if they were taken in a dark setting . Plus you have about 26 different portrait settings to choose from -LRB- landscape , action , night , portrait ... -RRB- It was a great buy for me . And it 's very sleek and easily fits in a pocket !
 This is a great camera for real esate . The problem with the V705 for real estate is the wimpy flash on the camera . The flash was designed to light up people 6 to 8 feet away from the camera , not large rooms . I bought an external flash off ebay that works with any digital camera and the photos are excellent . The flash unit is larger than the camera!Also get a monopod to help hold the camera steady , the monopod will store under your car seat , the flash in the glove box and the camera in your pocket.Check out www.realestatecamera.info for a link to an external flash . Also check out www.photographyforrealestate.net for the best information on real estate photography .
 I originally ordered the 610 and from the time I took it out of the package until I shipped it back I hated it . So I ordered this cute little thing and loved it from the moment I picked it up . It really has done the job for me . I keep it in my purse for all those pictures that just happen . I love taking pictures while on the back of our Harley . Pictures while we are riding with our friends or of scenary . It does this with no blurring or missed opportunities . When I push the button the picture is taken . No drag or delay . Bam I have the picture . I like the color hands that let you know if the picture is blurry or not . I admit this took a little practice but once you have it down it is no problem . My other camera was much heavier so I had to get used to the weight difference , which I think was causing me to blur the picture.The only thing I do not like is you have to use an small adaptor to connect the camera to the USB cord for downloading to your computer . All the other camera 's I have you just plug right in . I 'm afraid it will lose that little piece.For those out there that have a camera with you for all those small special moments in life this is the camera for you . If you are looking for a professional picture you might be a little disappointed . For me this is the best of both worlds . Thank you Kodak for coming out with a camera that is light and packs a lot of bang .
 This camera was purchased primarily for real estate use . Wide angle photos that capture the whole room , floor and ceiling even . I just too prom photos of my kids at the Hyatt Coconut Point in Bonita Springs , Florida . They 've been asked by their friends if we hired a professional photographer . I 'm pleased with the equipment and it is very easy to use - without even reading the manual : -RRB-
 The universal joint SLIK tripod is a weird tripod that is in one sense heavy duty and in another twisty inverting yoga posturing for weird places -LRB- inside steep slope of a volcano ? -RRB- . The mount is unique and so either spend time removing and reinstalling your one and only plate or just get several to have one for each camera or mount . These are exactly like the one that came with the tripod . I ca n't tell which one was the original except by the wear .
 It 's big yea ... but wow ! It does it all and in legal size -LRB- 14 '' -RRB- too if needed ! Below is the hype from apsom of it 's capability and it worked great for me ... The ONLY problem I had is it took up some counter space in the home office ... but the unit definately paid for that space on the counter in no time through it 's quality and versatility ... It is a 36-bit dual-media scanner that lets you scan photos and prints on its upper bed and film and transparencies in its transparency bay -LRB- lower bed -RRB- . It is also ready for all Windows or Macintosh operating systems you can get the software upgrades/drivers for all platforms at microtekusa.com . An Adaptec PCI SCSI card is included that works on Windows , as well as with the Apple G3/G4-series Macintosh.the ScanMaker 4 features 600 x 1200 dpi optical resolution . It also incorporates a patented Microtek design called Emulsion Direct Imaging Technology , or E.D.I.T. . E.D.I.T. allows for scanning directly from the surface of the film without an interfering pane of glass that can distort and diffuse the original image . The result is richer , more accurate color and sharper , cleaner images loaded with detail.The ideal solution for anyone responsible for putting together business presentations or scanning photos or film for brochures , reports or other projects destined for 4-color printing.featuring a dynamic range of 3.4 and a color palette of 36-bit input and output , the ScanMaker 4 will scan anything from 35mm film , a photograph up o 14 '' in length , or a batch scan of several images at once -- even at different settings with different scanning filters applied quickly and efficiently.Benefits you can expect ... High resolution
 This CD player is worth it at twice the price . An excellent sound at a great price .
 I listen to all my CD 's on this ! It 's great . The Bass is really nice !
 This cd player is well worth the money that I paid for it ! I have been using it in my car as well as my home and I have n't had problems with it skipping at all ! I was very surprised and though the sound quality is not the best in my car , it plays very well with the headphones .
 Gave it to mom for a mother 's day gift , she 's never had a CD player . Figured the light use she 'd use it for would be fine , but she 's using it daily , falling asleep to it , listening at the beach and home , and loves the sound . So , I 've nothing bad to say !
 memorex md3020 personal cd player is good for the money because the sound is great and headphones too
 When I got this CD Player , it worked great , as anything else would . But , about five months after I got it , the headphones stopped working . In fact , I have to get some new ones . But , other than that it works great . I was n't really looking for any features , just something to play my music on . So , I ca n't really complain .
 I bought one of these cd players for my daughter . I was a little wary because of the price , but have been very pleasantly surprised with it . Even though it does n't say it has any anti-skip protection , it seems to do just fine . I have borrowed it from her for a couple of car trips and it 's not skipped once . It also has good sound . How long it will last has yet to be seen , but it 's great for an 8-year old 's back pack .
 Just because you are not paying a $ 100 for a portable CD player does n't mean you are not getting the quality . This thing beats all but Philips Magnavox and Aiwa portable CDs and far outpaces Sony with skip control . Just goes to show that the high price guys are making a big margin on name .
 I , too , purchased this CD player for my 8 year old daughter . I am really impressed with the sound quality for the price . If you plan to leave this player stationary -LRB- on a desk , etc. -RRB- , I think you will be more then pleased . Also , it 's an excellent gift for a young child , who does n't need a top-of-the-line player . The price is VERY reasonable , and the unit is straightforward and easy to use .
 Good sound for the money ; however , it is sensitive to bouncing . While I would n't use this unit while jogging , it is a fine portable if you walk smoothly , ride public transport , or just away from your main CD player.The sound reproduction was decent , using the headphones supplied . The unit comes with a switch that allows you to select greater depth of bass.The batteries are easy to change , though you will have to remove the unit from whatever carrier you are using . The controls are easy to use . I like having the stop button on one side of the unit and the open button on the other.My `` nit '' with this unit is the carrier . The one supplied with the unit is almost useless ; pick another for everyday use .
 I bought my first Memorex CD player as a gift , and then decided that I would `` splurge '' and buy one for myself . This machine is absolutely incredible for the price ! I have bought more expensive models in the past that do n't have half the sound quality of this one . The headphones are really decent too . Quite a bargain , I must say . I would n't hesitate to buy this little beauty if I were you .
 This player is a great one ! But this player would not be good for jogging , because it skips a little when you jog .
 This CD player is a great one when it comes to travel and portability . But only four months after I got it , the headphones stopped working -LRB- properly -RRB- . When they do work , they do n't work on the left side , and you usually have to play around with it before it does . But still , it 's a great system . Nice audio quality , too .
 Very fast connection workS great while watching netflix and youtube videos on tivo . I was told by a friend that its better to use hard wire than wireless but this could n't be farther from the truth . This works great and I have n't had any problems with the speed . I would recomind this for anyone who has a tivo .
 I unpacked the device , plugged it in to my Tivo , completed a quick configuration , and was up and running without any issues . The network speed of the 802.11 G wireless adaptor is , of course , slower than the wireline network connection , but when your DSL router is in another room you ca n't beat the convenience of the wireless connection . The adaptor shipped much quicker than the ship time quoted by Amazon . I even selected the free shipping option and it arrived in four days . Overall I 'm pleased with the product and Amazon 's service .
 First off ... Amazon was simply awesome sending me this item so quickly -LRB- 2 DAYS !!! -RRB- even though it was on super savings discount -LRB- free -RRB- shipping.I needed this item since I recently upgraded my wireless router from a 802.11 b to a 802.11 n and my old -LRB- tivo qualified -RRB- usb wi-fi adapter would not work on a WPA encrypted network ... so lame . I had forgotten how particular Tivo is with which adapters it will work and support ... so I finally went to their site to see what it would cost to get my Tivo r2 back on the network . This little item cost nearly twice as much than the one I purchased through Amazon < gasp > , but it 's what I needed . When I saw that Amazon had this item for this price , I immediately purchased it . This adapter will also work for the HD tivo models , r3 , which I plan to upgrade to in the near future.Once I got it ... the toughest part was getting the adapter out of the original package . btw , the wireless router is D-Links 655 -LRB- also purchased through Amazon -RRB- , which I highly recommend .
 This adapter works great -- no real problems hooking it up -- I did have to go online to find my media key , which for some reason was not showing on messages and settings on the tivo . Not really a problem . Then , really just followed the directions . The reason I got the adapter was that I was getting a lot of interference on my phone line from the tivo . Many times when I would use the phone during the day , I would get those annoying fax type tones , which would run me off the phone , not good for getting my business done . Since hooking up the wireless adapter , I do n't have that problem anymore . Wish I had done it a long time ago .
 I decided I was tired of hooking up my TiVo to the phone line and ordered this -LRB- also got a Netgear wireless modem elsewhere -RRB- . Set up the modem first then took less than a minute to hook this up and success ! My TiVo gets updated all the time , no more annoying `` your programming information will run out in X days ... '' messages . What took me so long ?
 the tivo wireless adapter was simple to set up . the included quick instructions provided all the info needed . i plugged the wireless unit into the tivo USB port , and it recognized the wireless network router straight away . configuring the network settings on the tivo unit took only a few minutes , and it was up and running . it 's been a snap to connect to the tivo from our home computers to download shows -LRB- using our media access key found on a menu in the tivo settings -RRB- to both PCs and MACs . this makes it very easy to store -LRB- archive -RRB- and watch our favorite shows -LRB- on the computer -RRB- without taking up valuable tivo disk space . plus , no more telephone wire connected to the tivo . the wireless unit is a great product . highly recommended .
 Let me put is this way - it took me longer to get the Tivo wireless adapter out of the box than it did to set up . Since it is made to work with Tivo it immediately read that I plugged it in , and then listed my wireless networks and asked which one I wanted to connect to . That was it.Then , a whole litany of menus and programs appeared . I knew that you could do video on demand , but did n't know that I could play Rhapsody music and watch You Tube videos through the Tivo . I have a Tivo HD and it was almost as if I had hooked up a computer to my Tivo . Tivo is the best DVR and the wireless adapter is one of the best electronic purchases I have made in years , including the iPod Touch . I could n't recommend this any higher . 6 Stars !
 The setup for the adapter is a simply plug in with and the Tivo automatically updates the network status . The system also automatically displays the signal strength so you can move the adapter around in order to find the locaiton with the best signal strength .
 If you have a tivo and have n't gotten Wi-fi , I highly recommend doing so with this adapter . Particularly , if like me you had one that did n't sit near a telephone line . It was easy to set up and works well even though my second Tivo is three rooms away from my computer/wireless router . Besides avoiding the problem of having to string a phone line once a week to make sure your tivo does n't run out of programming info , it also ensures you 're able to fully use of all of the available features - including scheduling recordings from any computer when you 're away from home .
 product showed up in a timely manner as described.It worked however it required some fine tuning of my wireless modem software . I found this info at the tivo websight in a troubleshooting forum
 We share the internet with out neighbors upstairs -LRB- they know ... I promise -RRB- . Unfortunately , we have no ethernet ports in our place as a result . We picked this up for our Series 3 TiVo and it works like a charm . The setup was super easy and we now stream Netflix and Pandora through the Tivo without any glitches or excessive buffering time .
 I used a third-party wireless adapter successfully for years while I had WEP encryption , but I had to upgrade to WPA-PSK security -LRB- for my wife 's new Mac -RRB- , so I needed this TiVo adapter . I also tried theNetgear Universal Dual Band Wireless Internet Adapter for TV & Blu-Ray -LRB- WNCE3001 -RRB- which plugs into the TiVo 's ethernet port , but the connection on that kept dropping . This TiVo adapter seems to pick up and hold the WiFi signal well .
 Great price and wonderful product . Exactly as stated and works great . It was received within a week of ordering !! I could n't be happier .
 Just received and installed this wireless G adapter today . So far , so good . * But * wasted two hours on the phone with TIVO support . The adapter worked fine without MAC address filtering enabled in my wireless router , but would not connect to the wireless network with MAC filtering enabled . TIVO support techs were clueless . Told them I thought the adapter and box must be mislabeled . They insisted that was impossible . Guess what ? The adapter and its box were mislabeled and had an incorrect MAC address printed on them . The correct address was listed on the TIVO unit 's Network Settings screen . Found it on my own after multiple telephone conversations with them . Once the correct address was entered , everything worked perfectly .
 This is an absolute must for any Tivo user . Just plug it in and forget it . We have two and they work flawlessly .
 We upgraded our router and our old tivo which we do n't want to upgrade because we have a lifetime subscription did n't work with it so we had to purchase this so now it is working great again . Thanks !
 This was so easy to set up and to use , I ca n't believe we did n't have this before . Our Tivo now updates without having to hook up to our phone line , and we can now stream instantly with Netflix . It 's a perfect compliment to the Tivo system .
 I have three of these , one for each TiVo box and could n't be happier . They are very simple to install and activate . I use one with a new TiVo Premiere and have had no problems with that model although I do n't download movies from Netflix or any other site so I really ca n't comment on how well the Wireless G adapter works compared with their newer Wireless N network adapter which I have been told by friends is a little more difficult to install . I would definitely buy another one of these if I bought a new TiVo box regardless of the model .
 Plug and play . What else can one ask for.I bought this adapter for my Tivo Series 2 . Using D-Link DIR-825 Extreme-N Dual-Band Gigabit Router i could only get marginal signal no matter where i placed the adapter . The router was only 2 rooms away on same floor . I decided to try it with my old Linksys WRT54G2 and i get good signal -LRB- 60 % to 70 % -RRB- . I am able to download movies from Amazon from one hour to 2 depending on the length of the movie . The seller , J&R ; Music & Computer World , also gets 5 stars .
 Works as expected much better than the one it replaced . We have an Tivo Series 2 , where the wireless connector would not work with out new router . With our old we had trouble sometimes connecting with the TIVO , now all is accomplished without us knowing .
 easy to install and use , it was the only way to go with my Vonage phone service
 A Must have ! Great . Now I dont have to have that annoying phone wire plugged in the wall . Very fast for downloading tv listings too !
 Easier than the phone line . Works great with TiVo Desktop Software . Signal Strength from 75feet away is Excellent -LRB- Netgear Router -RRB- . The adapter comes with about five foot cable so you can move the adapter around to get the best signal .
 Having previously used both a phone line and then a wired ethernet connection , I have to say that the TiVo wireless adapter worked like a charm on my Series 2 box ! I do not notice any difference between the wired and wireless connections - other than the obvious lack of wires running about the apartment!And I have to say - Amazon has the best price on this guy . I picked it up for $ 39.99 with the free super saver shipping . At retailers , I have seen it priced at $ 59.99 ! So I saved some money , lost the wires and am enjoying connectivity to my computer and online features like Live365 and Amazon Unbox downloads!Super easy to set up . Looks really cool , too ! Get yours now !
 This little guy plugs in easily and the setup for use on my network went smoothly . Since my wireless router is two floors down , placement for best signal strength was a sensitive issue and small placement adjustments yielded large differences in received signal strength . Once established the adapter has worked flawlessly . Encrpytion with WEP or WPA is easily established . Wish I 'd done this a long time ago !
 EASY TO USE . PLUGGED IN AND WAS ONLINE -LRB- BROADCAST -RRB- INSTANTLY ! I realize some people have had difficulties , however I always found the TIVO support to be excellent . If you ca n't acquire the answer you need online , you can either email or call them . I 've had TIVO since it first came out , and ca n't imagine not having it.By the way -LRB- BTW -RRB- there is a wireless system using telephone connection which I used until I acquired broadcast capability . It 's also available through TIVO . It works very well for DSL.I do n't suggest you try to use any other system except one which is actually approved the TIVO . It 's always more difficult to connect and utilize , besides it 's almost never cheaper ... especially time and effortThank heaven 's for TIVO !!!
 My wife wanted to get rid of the phone line connection for our Tivo . She could n't stand the phone line snaking around the family room to the outlet . The Tivo wireless adapter took care of that issue and opened up lots of possibilities . I have now used Amazon Unbox to get a video and download it over the network to the Tivo box . Easy to do once you download the Amazon Unbox software.The adapter was easy to connect . I followed the very easy to follow instructions on the Tivo site to connect the adapter and set up the network . Make sure to follow the directions and not try to bypass something because you think you know what you are doing . I 'm an electrical engineer and tried to figure it out without reading the instructions . Much easier to follow the excellent Tivo instructions .
 I bought this wireless adapter to replace the DLink ethernet adapter I was using with my Series2 TiVo . Setup was a breeze and now I have one less wire . I 'm using it with WPA ... No problems there . The price was also much better than I could get it locally .
 It takes a few seconds to physically hook up and a few minutes to set up . The hardest part is finding the password for your network and the serial number from your Tivo -LRB- you can get that from the on-screen menu - you do n't have to look behind your Tivo -RRB- . Its really that easy.Tivo tying up your phone line is just insane in this day and age . Even if it does it at night , what if you need to call 911 ? Tivo is a bit annoying but this network thingy makes it a lot more tolerable . I never set up an account to download movies but you can.Amazon had the best price by far .
 I am definitely not a tech person . We have 2 TIVO 's in different rooms and I had connected them with two Linksys wireless routers so as to be able to transfer programs between the two TIVO 's . The first problem was that the transfer rate was not fast enough and I could n't watch a program being transferred from the other TIVO without the TIVO stopping every few minutes for the transfer to catch up . Second problem was the time needed to transfer programs . It took a long time and I usually did it over night . At my daughters -LRB- she 's my computer expert -RRB- suggestion , I purchased two of the TIVO wireless routers . I plugged them in and they worked . -LRB- So much for installation -RRB- I tried transferring a movie from TIVO to TIVO and within five minutes of watching , I could fast forward through an objectionable commercial . After ten minutes the transfer had gone so fast that it was way ahead of my viewing . I have tried transferring programs and while it still is n't lightning fast , it is easily three times faster than the Lynksys . My opinion is that the TIVO product is definitely worth upgrading to . Bob
 I replaced a Lynksys adapter with this one . The Lynksys worked but it was really slow , it took hours to transfer shows between TV 's . I had already been using one of these on one Tivo and it seemed faster to me . Shows transfer much faster now and the network connection is stronger and more stable .
 This is exactly what you need if you want to connect your Tivo to a wireless network . If you are able to just run a network cable from your router to your Tivo then by all means do that and save some money , but if your Tivo is located in a different room than your router then pick up this wireless adapter . To me the best part of this adapter is that it is completely powered by the USB port on the Tivo so there are no additional power cords cluttering up the space behind your TV -LRB- which undoubtedly already has more cords than you 'd like anyways ! -RRB- . The unit is truly plug and play . Just plug it into the Tivo and you can immediately choose a wireless network from your Tivo 's menu screen .
 My TiVo wireless adapter came when it was supposed to . Installed quick and easily , and in 5 minutes everything was up and running wonderfully . I love my TiVo . : -RRB-
 Excellent addition to Tivo . If you have more than one Tivo box , you can transfer recordings from one box to the other . You also have access to games and movies to rent or buy .
 I recently set up my cable in 2 rooms , because of this , I needed to purchase the WirelessG USB Adapter for my TiVo to function . Prior to this purchase my TiVo box had limited use .
 Works fine . Plugged it into the USB port on my Tivo , set up the IP address , mask , gateway and security key ; it connected fine .
 Amazon was offering this for much cheaper -LRB- almost half when I bought it -RRB- than TiVo so decided to buy from Amazon . Product works great . It 's plug and play with my TiVo premier . Must have if you do n't want crazy wires all over your entertainment center and your router is in a different room .
 We were wanting to do away with our land line , so we purchased this , and it is very simple to install and use . Once you install it , you can just forget about it . Once we started using this , we were able to transfer shows from one TiVo to another , and even subscribed to Netflix . I highly recommend this to all TiVo users .
 I decided to drop my land line only to realize that my Tivo was now very unhappy ! I checked out several options for providing wireless connectivity and decided to go with this one . Good choice . It was a breeze to setup and has operated very reliably so far - a couple of months at this point .
 have to say works great for me . not a big fan of wireless and like using things plugged in . but wife was sick of network cable plugged in and running through apartment . Install was very very easy and works great on tivo HD . after a few weeks of use have n't seen any issues . Im using in a 2 bedroom apartment just fine.i have n't seen any issues with being slow at all .
 I was able to easily search for a wireless network and set up my Tivo to my wireless internet ! Works flawlessly !
 Easy and quick . I 'd lost my connection with my old Tivo when I updated my router to the new Cisco Valet -LRB- very cool and very easy , too -RRB- and was contemplating retiring my Tivo altogether , but saw this product and decided to try it first . Combined with the Valet , nothing could have been easier !! Cisco-Valet Wireless Router
 love the wireless adapter but ... it kills me that Newegg can have the same product at my house in 2 days with free shipping but it takes Amazon 2 WEEKS . Buhbye amazon
 What a difference this product makes since we updated from our old Wireless B connector . Fast connection and fast transfers .
 debated on getting an N adapter , but with other g devices on our network , the extra cost was n't worth it at this time . very easy to install and was fairly easy to set up on our hidden wireless network with WAP2 security . only problem was a typo on my part and i did n't shut down the system before swapping the new adapter in . works great and picked up a little better reception .
 I have had TiVo for a number of years now . Will not change to cable company DVR as it does not have features that TiVo has nor is the cost as competitive . Our TiVo just gave out after nearly 6 years of service . We purchased the Premiere and thus needed a new Network Adapter . This one was a cinch to install . No problems - smooth transition . Have used this for 4 weeks now and it has been excellent . Never any disruption of service .
 I received the TIVO adapter very quickly . I believe it was within three or four days . I took it out and plugged it in . It immediately found my home network and I was ready to update my TIVO programming . It was that easy . My router is on the other side of the house on a different floor but it still picked it up . Works beautifully .
 No need for a wordy review . The reception is great , it works great , and even allows transfer of other media through the home network virtually without flaw -LRB- unless you have your own internal network snow-down -RRB- . If your TiVo is n't near a wired connection , this is great !
 love my tivo thank you good time getting to me plus allof the info aboutit .
 Very simple and easy to hookup.Plug it in and TIVO detected the Adapter and installed the software to use it.Works great .
 Although this item took a little longer than I would have liked to arrive it was very easy to set up . It only took me about 10 minutes to go through the wireless setup on my tivo after plugging in this USB . I HIGHLY reccomend using this instead of telephone lines , you get many more features on your tivo if your wireless !
 Tivo 's software for this unit enabled us to hook-up them up to our two Pioneer-57H 's right out of this box . A well-designed product !
 I got this package right before I had to leave for work . In minutes , I was checking out youtube and downloading music videos . It 's everything I would expect from Tivo - easy to setup , easy to use , and consistently reliable . : - -RRB-
 I 've been a long time TiVo user , but only added a wireless adapter in the last year or so . I 'm now wondering why I waited so long ! I almost immediatly bought another one for my other TiVo and now they are all networked to my wireless home network . It 's amazing ! I can now transfer content from room to room . I can even download You Tube videos or rent a video from Amazon.com through my TiVo and the wireless adapter and much , much more . Amazon has the cheapest price I 've found too . : -RRB-
 It 's great . Works better than the D-link wireless I had . No drops now .
 Works great with tivo to use internet wirelessly to get programming updates.Simple to hook up . Our cable service made it difficult to use tivo with but this device bypasses all the problems .
 Made for Tivo by Tivo means you just plug it in and Tivo says , `` Oh hey , wan na set this up ? '' Three clicks later -LRB- and one overlong WEP password -RRB- and it 's all done . Easiest set up ever !
 Installed with no problem , setup was transparent ... worked exactly as expected . My only gripe is the fairly bright large LED illuminates the bedroom at night , but seems like everything has something that glows in the dark anymore . I moved from a wired connection downstairs to a wireless connection upstairs and the data transmission rate appears to be no different . I can still transfer and watch a TiVo recorded program at the same time without pause .
 This is an excellent product . It works well and consistently , so long as the wireless connection is strong . I would highly recommend this product for anyone not wanting to connect their TIVO to a modem or phone line .
 Easy to install ... no need for land based phone line ... no problems ... good value
 I started having problems with the telephone connection for my TiVo service , so I ordered the wireless connector . It was easy to set up and worked as advertised . An added bonus
 I have had my Tive for a while , so this was a nice little upgrade . The price was great because it was $ 20 - $ 30 less on Amazon than anywhere else I found it . It did take me a little while to get everything set up and linked to my Amazon and Netflix account , but now it 's working great .
 TiVo Series 2 boxes wo n't work with just any USB WiFi network adapter . In fact , your Series 2 TiVo box may not work even with third-party adapters TiVo says it is compatible with . I was pleased to discover that I had two Netgear 802.11 USB adapters that were of the model TiVo said would work . They did n't . So I was forced into buying this ovrerpriced unit , paying perhaps $ 25 more than a third-party unit would cost.Oh well , at least it works well . Have n't had any problems with it at all.Considering how much effort TiVo puts into customer care , you 'd think they would n't pull this kind of stunt . By the same token , TiVo does take truly excellent care of its customers , so there 's more than a little room for forgiveness on the adapter issue.Jerry
 The TiVo Wireless G USB Network Adapter works very well with my Netgear wireless router . I always get an excellent signal strength indication on my TiVo HD and it picks up many of my neighbors ' wireless routers . It is more sensitive than my Macintosh Powerbook built in wireless network adapter that is about six feet from the Tivo . I am very satisfied with its performance , but I would like it if it were a bit more physically stable . It is on a two or three foot USB cable that plugs into the back of the Tivo , so I have to snake that cable around to the front of the TiVo to position it for pickup . That causes it to get jostled out of position . A self-adhesive peel-off mount might help .
 This product worked perfectly with my new HD TiVo . Regrettably , the delivery via USPS took well over a week , including 2 weekends . This is in stark contrast to other Amazon deliveries via UPS which arrive quicly regardless the `` speed '' selected .
 The Tivo Wireless G Network adapter works just as it said it would . I plugged it in the USB port and it started to work right away . No extra steps needed . No guessing if it would work with my Tivo like other Wireles adapters I 've tried . It quickly found my wireless home network and started to communicate ! I highly recommend one of these wireless adapters if you are going to network your Tivo .
 works fine . . connects to my wireless network and does n't tie up the phone line when downloading . no complaints . .
 Received the TiVo wireless network adapter on time with no problems . I would use this vendor again .
 Works Great !! Needed because my wireless internet uses WEP security and this is the only model that will work with my Series 2 Tivo . Shopped around and found a little cheaper on eBay but wanted the reliablity/security of purchasing from Amazon .
 It connect to a wireless network so I can not complain about that . It will not connect to a WPA network . So , unless your network is encrypted with WEP expect to have to rework your settings .
 It does exactly what it says and allows the tivo to connect to your home network wirelessly . It connected perfectly the first time and with no hesitation . I recommend this product to everyone that is thinking of going wireless . The transfer speeds are pretty impressive and any lag appears to be just the fact that it is wireless . Anyway , anything is better than using a phone line ... Keep in mind that the next series DVR just came out or is coming out very soon . . take a look at those first also .
 This adapter now lets me transfer shows from one tivo to another faster than I can watch it . I am able to hit ` transfer show ' and then start watching , it even stays ahead of me when skipping through commercials .
 I live outside the US in Bermuda and having my Tivo connect through my phone lines was costing me a small fortune in international calls . I bought the Tivo network adaptor and plugged it in . Within minutes it had automatically configured itself to my network and now I download all my Tivo updates through the internet which costs me nothing . I am very pleased with this purchase . It was very simple to install and once running you can simply forget about it .
 It 's not difficult to find wireless USB network adapters on the internet for less money . The problem is that Tivo is not compatible with all of them . What 's worse is that the list of compatible devices specifically includes or excludes models that are very similar . Who has time for this ? If a device with that little Tivo Guy on the front costs a few extra bucks but wo n't give me a headache , then it 's worth it to me .
 This Wireless Adapter is wonderful . You do n't have to worry about tracking that phone line all around the house to hook up your TIVO . Wireless is wonderful !! Very easy to setup too .
 Small but powerful . Does n't take up much space , but does it 's job 24-7
 This USB adapter worked perfectly from the moment I hooked it up.Highly recommended !
 A Must for any Wireless Network User . Hook up is very simple and takes less than 5 min . per Tivo in your home .
 I had purchased this wireless adapter -LRB- AG0100 -RRB- the end of June . I had it up and going in less than two minutes . I just plugged it in and followed the onscreen prompts . It has run flawlessly since then . I used to have to run a phone cord across my living room to my Tivo every couple of weeks . I now get my scheduling updates wirelessly . I love it !
 I REALLY LIKE THE TIVO USB ADAPTER BECAUSE IT WAS TROUBLE USING THE PHONE LINE .
 Initially , I thought this price was exorbinant . However , I 'm glad I did order it . It is very easy to install - even for a non-technical person such as myself . It beats having to hook up a telephone line and you can rearrange a room without the issues of running a telephone line across the floor !!!
 Since 802.11 g is a current standard and wireless n is still a ways away from any sort of widespread acceptance , I still do n't understand why the TiVo -LRB- and Xbox 360 , while I 'm at it -RRB- does n't have built-in wireless G. I can also understand TiVo 's decision to get rid of 3rd party wireless adapters because support for too many products is costly and leads to support and stability problems . -LRB- Example
 I just hooked it up yesterday and I was very impressed with the easy setup . Just plug it in , go to the Tivo settings and follow the on screen instructions . I am using WPA security on my Wifi network and have no connection issues . Without this device your Tivo is a DVR , with it your Tivo is an internet enabled AV experience .
 This product is awesome . Setup was a breeze . Even though my tivo settings say that I only have marginal connectivity -LRB- my wireless modem is several rooms away -RRB- , I have n't had any problems with the signal . I 've downloaded several movies through unbox with no problem . I highly recommend it .
 I first tried using generic 802.11 g adapters with , at best , limited success -LRB- not fully able to implement -RRB- and decided to try the TIVO Branded version.The TIVO wireless device was not without the `` usual '' setup issues - reboot , reload , reinitialize , etc. . TIVO support is OK , but not as well versed in networking as their recorder product.But the bottom line is ; it works well . I am enjoying new broadband features and have not had any issues since installation -LRB- 4 weeks -RRB- .
 If you are going wireless with TiVo - this is a THE best way to go !
 The TiVo wireless adapter is easy to install
 My TiVo and my internet connection are in separate rooms , so I was very happy to have the opportunity to avoid running big , ugly ethernet cables all over my house . This adapter allows my TiVo to talk to my wireless router -LRB- made by Netgear -RRB- , which it has done for over a month , so far , without any lapses in connection . Set-up was very easy , even with my closed network -LRB- the MAC address appeared right on my TV screen , through the TiVo box , so that I could identify it from the router management page -RRB- . My TiVo box is a Series-2 , single tuner . The adapter is clearly fully compatible with it.It does just what I need it to do ! What more can I ask ?
 This TiVo Wireless G USB Network Adapter works great in my home network with three DVR 's at a fraction of what I would have paid for the exact same thing at retailers like Circuit city or Best Buy .
 Other than my laptops , I normally hardwire computers to my network , TIVOs included . But with all four router ports currently full , I decided to try wireless with my latest Series 2 TIVO upgrade . Went with this unit because -- it got great reviews / Weaknees likes it / it does WAP / it promised TIVO specific plug & play . TIVO unit came with v7.xx software . Used phone line to upgrade to v8 .3 and rebooted . These are necessary steps and I suspect those having secure network issues with this adapter do n't understand / have missed this -- TIVO units will NOT work WAP with this adapter without the forced software upgrade . So , plugged in the adapter and was setup and connected to my encrypted network within less than two minutes ; all TIVO recognized plug and play and menu driven . Operates as fast as my wireless G system will allow . Highly recommend !!!
 After a few months of dependable service , it has yet to cause any trouble . My home wireless service is somewhat spotty but so far everything has worked great . Plug it in , follow a few simple setup steps , and pretty much forget it . I have yet to try to network the wireless Tivo with the wired Tivo though ...
 I took me longer to run the USB cable behind my Entertainment Center than it did to setup the TiVo Wireless G adapter . All I had to do was select my network and type in the network password for my network and it was connected ! Could n't have been easier . I had read somewhere that this device would not run on a wireless networking that was using 128bit encryption , but it 's working just fine and is very fast . Beats the heck out of the phone line I was using . Now I do n't have to worry about lightning running in on the phone line and taking out my TiVo !!
 This item worked flawlessly for me to setup . Just plugged in and typed in my mac address and make sure your router is setup to accept the tivo adapter and I was up and running in 15-20 minutes . You will need to know a little about your routers setup and how to change it 's settings .
 i have problems figuring out how to attach a power cable into the wall outlet so i did n't have high hopes for this . i managed to plug the adapter into the usb cable and the usb cable to back of the tivo and expected it to not work immediately . i went to the settings screen followed the instructions and it worked . i 'm still stunned . all kidding aside , i sometimes have issues with my computer connecting to the router in the room where the tivo is , but the adapter had no issues and is still working great . must have if you love tivo .
 This adapter is great . Plug it in , and the TiVo unit walks you through the setup . You can transfer movies from TiVo-PC -LRB- for watching/burning to DVD -RRB- , and from PC-TiVo -LRB- to watch on your TV -RRB- . You need Roxio to convert the TiVo movies to DVD format , though.The only downside to this product is the transfer speed . A 30-minute program at Medium quality takes about 15 minutes . If it was n't for this , I would rate this at 5 stars . Amazon wo n't let me give half-stars , so I 'm going with 4 stars for this one.Check out TiVo 's site to see what you can do with this thing . Google `` TiVoToGo '' - feeling lucky will take you right to it.Highly recommended product !
 Tivo brand works great , easy set up . Good signals from 1st and second floor -LRB- Airport Extreme is on 2nd floor -RRB- .
 I got this to connect my Tivo Series 2 Dual Tuner to my home network . It was literally plug and play . Supports WPA etc. . Excellent product .
 I bought this to replace and older USB wireless adapter which I broke . This one works fine with my series 2 Tivo . Hooked up easily , no problems . Better quality reception !
 Makes a lot of sense to be able to use something like this to get your programming rather than the telephone . Directv still does n't offer this to its Tivo receivers .
 We 're a MAC family , so my apprehension to any `` works with PC or Mac '' device is based on past bad experiences . This baby works!TiVo 's Wireless G USB Network Adapter worked so fast that I was sure that I made a mistake . With the Airport in the next room and this tiny toy hooked up to the TiVo a room away , we 're sending photos through Yahoo! and ENJOYING TV like never before . We watch less , but watch much , much better . I now program shows to record at work or anywhere at an hour 's notice.Mindblowingly cool and a true `` show-off '' item that works 100 % perfectly !
 I was prepared to be very critical of the TiVo USB Network adapter but found that this is well built device . The product even feels substantial , with a real metal base . There are two lights on the back of the unit which indicate connection and network activity , though neither can be seen unless looking down onto the adapter 's base.The adapter comes with a mini-USB cable . I have used this adapter with both a Series 2 and Series 3 -LRB- TiVo HD -RRB- unit and both worked flawlessly . Setup , as with anything TiVo , is dead simple . 1 -RRB- plug in , 2 -RRB- enter your network security passphrase in the TiVo interface . That 's pretty much it.To be fair , there are USB 802.11 g network adapters which will work with your TiVo unit that cost less . However , they are n't much cheaper and do not allow you to use true network security . This is the real reason to purchase this particular wireless adapter
 Worked great . But , I had WPA setup to use AES encryption on my wireless network prior to connectiong this adpater . That is wrong . Change WPA to use `` TKIP '' encryption on your wireless network -LRB- if you have Linksys router , you have a choice between AES and TKIP . -RRB- If you do n't do this , you will scratch your head and wonder why the TIvo adapter is `` not working . `` Also , after you successfully connect , Tivo may fail to call home properly . Simply reset the Tivo . Even though Tivo says it will `` not save '' your changes . It actually does save your changes , and after the reset , everything will work nicely .
 From the heft of the milled aluminum to the matching design to the fact that it just works , this is definitely the adapter you want if you have a TiVo . Yes , it costs a little more than some other brands , but the thing just works , and works well.Setup was as simple as plugging it in and entering my network 's pass phrase . That 's it . One less wire behind my TV , and that 's a good thing.Performance is excellent . In fact this adapter sees networks that neither my PocketPC or my laptop 's card can see , and they both can be plugged into an external antenna!Lastly , and never discount this when it 's something you have to look at in your living room - the little TiVo guy is cute ! It looks good on the entertainment center.Heartily recommended . Worth every penny .
 Pros : Easy set up , took me about 4-5 minutes.Good reception , even from a different floor of the house.WPA compatible once you get software version 8 on your tivo.Guaranteed compatibility for at least the near future of tivo.Cons : A little pricey considering it is just an adapter , but it is nicely made.Can ' t use it on another computer -LRB- until someone out there hacks it at least -RRB- , so if you give up on tivo , it 's a paperweight . -LRB- Would have gotten it the 5th star -RRB- As always , great service from Amazon . Got it 4-5 days after I ordered it , and cheaper than tivo 's website .
 I recently purchased this product due to the fact that I was stuck in molasses so to speak . The 11 mbps that I was getting with my B USB adapter was a snail 's pace compared to my 54 mbps I 'm getting now . Roughly 10 minutes to transfer a 30 min program -LRB- high quality recording -RRB- . I can actually watch the transferring program in real-time as it tranfers and it finishes transferring faster than I can watch the program -LRB- even with tivo'ing through the commercials ! -RRB- . Could n't be happier with this purchase . Works seamlessly with Tivo-2-Go and Tivo-Tivo transfers .
 This wireless network adapter was cheaper from Amazon than from TiVo directly . After a week of slllloooooowwwww updates , I sprung for this wireless adapter . It was a tremendous improvement .
 Worked the moment I plugged it in . Overnight , though , it lost the connection to the network -LRB- probably the router 's fault -RRB- . Just unplugged the adapter , waited 10 seconds , plugged it back in and -- voila -- it recommenced downloading the programs that I had asked it to stream from my other Tivo . Have n't had to think about it since.This is the kind of experience that you 'd expect from Tivo -LRB- or Apple for that matter -RRB- . It just works .
 Excellent product . The ability to connect the Tivo wirelessly to the network made life so much easier . I have been a Tivo customer since 2000 and have three different Tivos connected via these adaptors . The last one , a Tivo Premeire just installed December 2011 . The adaptors have never let me down . They are easy to use and extremely convenient . Amazon pricing for this unit compared to the Tivo web site is just the icing on the cake . Go wireless and buy the adaptor .
 Using the wireless adaptor with my new TiVo Premier . It was easy to set up and and it works great . Could n't ask for more , it 's unobtrusive and effective .
 The Tivo wireless adapter works great and was easy to setup including 128 bit encryption . Highly recommend .
 This is a MUST have if you have broadband capability . I had the telephone wires running all over the place . This is SOOOO simple to set up and use . And the cool thing about it is that if you have 2 Tivos , you can send programs from one tivo to the other ... and you can also have your PC set up as a server and listen to music from your PC on your TV ! It 's great !
 I thought this worked really well and was easy to set up . The only problem I had was with my router but that was an easy fix by calling linksys and getting some ports opened up . Once I had it setup it worked fine but after awhile could n't connect to network even though it said it could detect connection . Usually works by unplugging everything and plugging back in , but who knows maybe that has something to do with my network .
 Perfectly plug-and-play and has worked flawlessly since day one . Amazon price of $ 38 made this a steal and a no-brainer , must-have add-on to my new Tivo HD . Could n't be happier .
 If you 've got a wireless network , just buy this now and stop wasting your time . My Series I has to be connected by phone cable , unless I hack it for the wireless upgrade , updates and firmware upgrades take so long . With my new HD TiVo , I plugged this in and got it working in no time . Made the firmware upgrades I needed a snap ! It hides discreetly behind the unit , no wires across the room . I looked at Best Buy -LRB- $ 70 -RRB- and other on-line retailers and found no one less expensive .
 I love it when a product is simple to use , works flawlessly , and you forget that it 's even there . This product is it . Plug in , it connects , well made -LRB- stylish , sturdy , great design -RRB- , and no problems with it for over a year now .
 I bought this Tivo network adapter after buying another type and spending 3 hours trying to get it installed and working and on the phone with customer service.I knew I should of bought the tivo adapter right from the start . As soon as I received it , I plugged it in the back of the tivo and within minutes I was all set.what a waste of time my first purchase was . I took it back to the store the next day.I would highly recommend this tivo adapter . I have not had any problems with it and the installation is the easiest .
 If you ca n't connect your TiVo using an Ethernet cord then this is the next best thing . This is the only wireless adapter that you should using if you own a TiVo . This adapter was specifically design for TiVo .
 I was able to easily connect the wireless adapter and add it into my wireless network . I am very please and have already downloaded movies from Amazon Unbox and Uploaded a tv show to my PC . Great product and I am happy I went with the TiVo brand versus any other .
 I bought this after I upgraded from a Series 2 to a Series 3 TiVo . The new HD TiVos do n't recognize any other adapter than this one . This is different than the Series 2 for which many adapters were not `` supported , '' but you could still make them work . In the Series 3 , the setup process stops you if you have an adapter different than this one.I was n't very happy to have to buy a new USB-Wireless adapter , but after I got over i , I 'm pretty happy with the TiVo adapter . It was straight-forward to set up and it works impressively fast.In conclusion , every TiVo should be connected to the Internet and if you have a Series 3 , this is your only option to do it through a wireless network . So , you do n't have an option , but at least , this is an excellent product .
 This is by far the best wifi adapter for use with TiVo , their support for other devices is spotty at best , but this unit works flawlessley , and it 's just the best choice from my experience . Supports WPA security , 54Mbps -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- .
 The build quality is incredible on this . It feels , well , as good as it 's price . Yes , it 's a pricy g wireless adapter , but it 's integration into the Tivo console and speed are worth it . My room to room transfers are not much faster right now , but I understand that will improve when I get the other Tivo on one of these . I 've been using wireless adapter/bridges on my Tivos and having to configure them seperatly sucks . I love how the Tivo can setup this wireless adapter as if it were integrated . I wish it was N , but my network is not N either so it 's a moot point.I think the only thing better would be to hard wire your Tivo into the network .
 I hooked it up and it worked immediately ... no problems and it was quite a bit cheaper than ordering the exact same thing from Tivo
 This is the 2nd adapter I 've bought ; we got a 2nd Tivo . We used telephone lines before , but when we switched to VOIP phone , they no longer worked for Tivo info . Since we had set up wireless network for our computers , this was the way to go . I installed it myself , which means it 's easy to do . Amazon 's price was the best I found .
 I bought this adapter because I was using an old 802.11 b adapter before and a 1/2 hour program took about 1.5 hours to transfer to my PC . Now it takes about 20 minutes.Setup was easy , particularly since I had used wireless with my TIVO before.I 'm still not sure I did the right thing in the sense that a wired connection would probably still be faster and probably less expensive . However , I 'm satisfied with my results so far . Also , the adapter will only work with a Tivo so it 's a bit constrained.If it were my only alternative , I would have given it 5 stars instead of 4 .
 The Tivo Wireless connected very easily to the wireless remote . It is small and inconspicuous , sitting on top of the entertainemt cabinet . A bonus we found is being able to download movies off Amazon for $ 0.99 . So far everything has gone beautifully . We live far out in a rural area and use an antenna for TV . This greatly speeds up and helps the Tivo equipmet , which no longer works off an antenna .
 This is better than sliced bread . Plugged it in and worked within 5 seconds . Wonderful !!!
 This product was the perfect solution for my new Tivo since I did n't have a phone connector near the Tivo.It was easy to install and it works great !
 It 's perfect , keeps me from having to use wires from the TV all the way to my internet box . It 's small and does n't take up much room and works perfectly .
 If you are looking for a solution to connect your tivo to your wireless network without any fuss , this is the perfect solution . Easy to use and works perfectly with all series 2 and higher Tivos .
 I love it , I do n't have to connect a telephone line to the TV and find inventive ways to hid it . With the Network Adapter it connects right to the High Speed in the house and the best thing is no wires needed . Also it lets you use the TV for a picture slide show since it connects right to you Desktop .
 This tivo wireless G adapter is superb . Plug it in and start using it . It automatically picked up my network and I have had absolutely no problems . You can buy cheaper products but why go through the hassle of trying to make them work . This product works from the time you plug it in .
 Great product . Easy to set up , Tivo now connected wirelessly to our home network . Very convenient , no need for using the phone line any longer . Well packaged and received as promised . Thank you for your great service .
 At first I did n't like the fact that you had to buy yet another product from TiVo in order to get a wireless hookup . But after trying about a dozen ways to get around it I ordered this from Amazon -LRB- cheaper than on the TiVo website -RRB- . It worked INSTANTLY and has given me no problems since set-up two months ago.Take my word
 This worked for me right out of the box with my Series 2 TiVo . It also gets good reception in my house . I tried two other brands first , but they were n't recognized . I highly recommend getting the TiVo brand WiFi adaptor if you want to connect your TiVo to a wireless network .
 Incredibly easy to setup . Works great . Like everything else from TiVo , it keeps its promises .
 This is a great item , easy to set up and it works . It would be better if it was Super G speed . It is fun to look at pictures from your PC on your big screen TV . Good clarity of the pictures !
 Best addition to Tivo I can think of.Sure beats the more expensive wireless phone jack I was using -LRB- it broke -RRB- Adds much more flexibility to tivo.Online schedualing , streaming audio , local weather , pictures , and more.It is very easy to set up.Its also a well made , looks good!Anyone with tivo should look at this.You will need to have a wireless network in your house .
 I would definately recommend this product to anyone with a Tivo set who wants to use their broadband instead of a phone line to update Tivo . It was very easy to install . Took me about 10 minutes and I was up and running . I 've had it for a couple of months now and never had any problems . It always stays connected .
 If you already have a wireless router , the TiVo USB Network Adapter is the way to go . Syncing went from 10 minutes using dialup to less than a minute . It paid for itself in 2 months because I no longer was paying long distance .
 I researched several compatible WiFi adapters , and settled on this adapter from TiVo to ensure I avoided any compatability or other issues . It was rather expensive elsewhere - but Amazon had the best price and was very reasonable . The installation was super smooth and easy . In operation is has been flawless .
 I 've used this everyday since I got it . It took me no more than 5 minutes to set up , and along with TiVo 2go , has made TV watching that much easier . It 's feature to `` auto transfer '' shows make it work while you 're away . This feature is VERY convenient . I highly recommend this product , and the price ca n't be beat -LRB- believe me , I looked -RRB-
 i wanted to add my name to the list of lovers of this wireless adapter . it worked fantastic . it found several available networks in my area . i arrowed down to my network and it asked for my WPA passphrase and i entered it . i have MAC address filtering on so it would n't connect until i added the MAC of the AG0100 via my router . after that it connected and downloaded whatever it needed . highly recommended . i could n't get the phone line to work . wireless network is definitely the way to go .
 Making Tivo apart of my wireless network was easy to do and now I can watch what is on either Tivo no matter which room I am in .
 This is probably one of the easiest pieces of electronic equipment I have ever installed . Works flawlessly !
 Truly `` plug & play '' . I spent 45 minutes on the phone trying to get my DSL set up . The tivo adapter took about 45 seconds ! For anyone who has tivo and wireless , I highly recommend it .
 I ordered a new TiVO box for my living room and then realized I 'd have to run some cables which I was n't looking forward to . I checked the web site and discovered that I could go wireless . This little gem is worth its weight in platnum ! I was concerned that it might not work well but I was very wrong . We have three TiVO boxes and now all of them are wireless . I HIGHLY recomend this product . It looks nice and sort of blends into any room . It 's easy to install and comes with everything you need . -LRB- except a wireless `` g '' router and the TiVO box -RRB- Buy with confidence .
 These TiVo adapters work great and take TiVo to the next level . Having a TiVo network has been great for scheduling , watching shows from other TiVo 's in the house and downloading movies and shows from Amazon.If you are a TV fan and love your TiVo , you will appreciate it even more once you buy the adapters and set up a home network !
 I bought this when our wall unit went dead in order to continue updating my precious TiVo . Has worked like a charm and found a signal even when my computer has had a hard time connecting . And cheapest on Amazon too !
 I love that I no longer need to hook my TiVo up to a phone line . We just moved into a new house a couple of months ago and there was no phone jack anywhere near where we were going to put our TV . Without the network adapter , we would have had to run a cord into another room - tacky!This was very easy to set up and I could n't be more happy with it .
 Just pull these antenna out of the box , plug them in , and sit back while it finds your router and does the rest . Kudos to TiVo . Beats the heck out of the phone line , and love the Internet updates on whatever show I 'm watching when I pause the replay.Shipping was fast . Could n't ask for better .
 Use this above any other generic adapter - it 's cheap on Amazon and it does a great job interfacing with the Tivo !
 I purchased the AG0100 after I upgraded my wireless router and switched encryption methods . Installing and configuring it was very straight forward . I recommend this adapter to anyone looking to enhance their Tivo updating experience .
 Worked perfectly right out of the box in my Tivo Series 3 XL HD . By work I mean theTiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series 2 and Series 3 DVRscompleted initial calls , updated the TIVO software AND worked great under WPA encryption . So , I did n't have to use WEP on the network ! I have not tried any downloads or video on demand yet . I found out that signal strength worked better at higher elevations in the room . So , I set the wireless adapter up with an 8 foot USB extender cable reach to the top of the TV Cabinet . I also fooled around with the flip up antenna angle until I maxed out at 49 % signal strength -LRB- as reported by TIVO -RRB- . This unit does the job but my Dell laptop thinks the signal is better than that . Maybe the Dell Laptop has a better antenna or perhaps better amplifiers?Update September 2010 ... this device still works great after many months . I found out that if you own 2 TIVOs and both have their own AGO100 Adapter -- you can -LRB- if not DRM limited by the broadcasters -RRB- share recordings between the two machines . In other words , programs I recorded in the living room were able to be imported onto the TIVO in the bedroom right through the wireless device . Great feature !
 This wireless adapter is a great convenience . My TIVO is in the basement and I 've wanted to have the freedom to move it but did not have a phone line near the cable outlet in the other rooms where I wanted to use it . Now the box can go anywhere.Installation is very easy and instructions are clear on the packaging . You can also access the instructions on the TIVO website . I plugged it in and updated the TIVO network settings -LRB- my TIVO recognized that I had changed from phone line to network -RRB- and it worked right away . Reception is great even though my basement is the farthest spot from my wireless network .
 This thing works really well . It 's a little slow but that 's Comcast 's fault , because their internet service sucks ! But this Item is pretty cool and works great too !
 The product was in good condition and it came in the mail in a timely manner .
 Fast shipping and very easy install . Tivo was working within 5 minutes . Have my cable guy to thank for suggesting I purchase thru Amazon .
 I purchased this for my new Series 3 TiVo and could n't be happier . I do a lot of video transfers from my computer to my TiVo using Vuze , and I am able to begin watching a show as soon as a transfer has been initiated ; the transfers have also been error-free . I was concerned about the adapter 's ability to connect with my computer , as my laptop computer often has issues getting a strong signal in the room where the TiVo is located , but it does n't seem to be the case.The price on Amazon was considerably lower than I found anywhere else , especially when combined with the free shipping offer.Overall , I ca n't recommend this highly enough !
 I was somewhat hesitant about this product before I purchased because I had my doubts about its connectivity ability , but it works flawlessly . I forget that it 's there now . And even though I 've got one more wireless wave running back and forth through my brain every day now , I 've got one less telephone cord to look at . : -RRB-
 I would have to use a phone connection for Tivo without this adapter because my broadband source is several rooms away and I 'm not going to run ethernet cable through the apartment . The phone works , but generally it only connects once in the middle of the night . With a broadband connection Tivo will connect more frequently at all times of the day - among several other advantages.Techno-novices take note
 Arrived in a very reasonable amount of time . Connection and set up was very easy . This is my third one of these for three tivos , and I 've yet to have issue with any of them .
 Not really much I can say about this . . it '' s really just a plug-it and forget it type of thing . you plug it into your Tivo , tell the Tivo it 's there , update your schedule and thats it . it just works.I guess I could say the price was a tiny bit high in my mind , but it was n't an outrage or anything . * shrug * if you need wireless for your Tivo , than ... here you go .
 Plug it into your Tivo box - it downloads all the programming and other info from a wireless internet connection . A little green light flickers . It works .
 We have two of these , used to network our Series 2 and Series 3 Tivos . Easy to set up and use , have had no problems in the 8 months we 've been using 'em -LRB- and LOVE being able to stream from Netflix ! -RRB-
 The TIVO adapter was easy to set up and works perfectly with my Linksys router . I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 because of the industrial strength packaging that I had to saw my way through .
 Great buy ! Saved $ 50 but not buying it at Best Buy . Just had to wait a few days for shipping .
 This is a very nicely made product . The price at Amazon made it worthwhile . Never drops the signal .
 The wireless adaptor works great for the Tivo . It 's pretty easy to use and configure using the TiVo interface . I have n't come across any major problems with the wireless adaptor and it is relatively fast over my network .
 I have owned this adapter for 3 years -LRB- and 2 TiVos -RRB- . It 's great for clearing up clutter - who wants a 30 foot phone cord running across your living room ? It 's fast , capable of picking up a distant network , and speedy . It just works !
 It 's the real deal . Works great with the TiVo player , but then , why should n't it ?
 I already had a wireless adapter attached to my Tivo , but I needed something with a stronger signal , this was it . It is very well made , and nice to look at . The installation is truly plug and play , just plug it in and the Tivo does the rest . A great buy if you want to expand the abilities of your Tivo !
 Great product and it was the cheapest I could find it online including Ebay ... Supersaver -LRB- free -RRB- shipping helped as well .
 This adds great capability to your TiVo and is easy to connect ... once it 's connected , you are instantly Wi-Fi and can connect your other home 's TiVo 's programs ... A bit expensive but I love it !
 This worked as expected . We now have opened up a number of options with our Tivo Series 2 . Very easy to install and set up . It found our network right away .
 We dropped our phone line now that we can have DSL without it . Bought this item , hooked it up in about 5 seconds , and now we are saving $ 30 a month with no phone line . This device found every network in our area , even our neighbors which our router rarely can find . It 's small and can rest on top of the tivo or on top of the entertainment center if there is no room above the Tivo .
 This adapter is great . I no longer have to connect to the TIVO service with a telephone line . By connecting through my broadband , I have a lot more options on how to use my service . Set up was easy , and reception is excellent .
 After 4 hours of troubleshooting , I finally found the article that indicated that the reason that my Wireless G USB Tivo Network Adapter would not work with my wireless network is because Tivo DVR software 8.1 is required to work with 802.11 g.Of course , you get the wireless adapter so that you do n't have to string a cable all the way across the house , and a phone line to download the latest software -LRB- released in 2006 -RRB- is just stupid . so I found myself running a 50 + foot CAT5 cable across my house to download the software , and then discovered that I could n't get the latest DVR software until I registered my Tivo unit.So not only did I buy a Tivo 2 years after 8.1 was released -LRB- 9.3 a is the current release as of this review -RRB- , and not only did my unit show up with 8.0.1 , but this software is incompatible with the Wireless G card I purchased.All in all , I 'm wondering why Tivo claims to be easy .
 Received the adapter from Amazon without issues.After getting it out of the ridiculously tough blister pack , I read the instructions -LRB- very simple ! -RRB- and added the device 's MAC address to my router . Then I plugged it into my Series 2 TiVo and moments later , the TiVo is asking me for the needed network connection information.I 'm very happy with this purchase even if my TiVo is in a guest room and may not see a lot of use .
 I hesitated getting this , because I did n't really `` need '' it . For three years , I would manually connect our Tivo to a phoneline in another room with a 30 foot cord . Not the most convenient method , but it was do-able every two weeks . However , I recently decided to lower our landline phone options , and connecting to Tivo involved extra phone charges , so something had to be done.Enter this little gadget , which works amazingly well with our existing wireless network ! It was super-easy to setup , and I do n't even have to think about my Tivo connection anymore . I love it ... should have gotten it much sooner!And it 's remarkably less expensive here at Amazon , by the way .
 Great price , quick delivery . We love using the wireless Tivo adapter , we can now see all our photos from our Macintosh on our TV . Too cool .
 I unboxed the device and hooked it up to my Series2 . Setup with my existing 802.11 G network was painless . It was able to authenticate using WPA-PSK .
 This is a pretty-much plug-n-play . It has one cable , a USB which plugs into the back of the TiVo.Once the TiVo saw it , it knew how to install it.It found my network , asked me for the WEP key and it just worked.I considered the alternative of running an ethernet cable through my basement , to the device spending half a Saturday . By the time I was done purchasing the cable and RJ45 sockets , etc , I would have spent close to the amount this thing costs me . Plus I have my Saturday back.Of course , it also has the advantage I can relocate the TiVo without worrying about an Ethernet connection.It does require newer software , so if you have an older TiVo a software upgrade would be required . This can be done with your phone , or Internet.The only reason for the four stars , is that WEP Key is the only supported encription option -LRB- or no encription -RRB- .
 I bought this unobtrusive little adapter at the same time as a bought my TiVo HD unit , both from Amazon . I plugged it in to my TiVo and followed the instructions the TiVo unit displayed on my HDTV . I typed in my wireless encription code and Voila ! My TiVo was up and running on wireless in seconds !
 I should have done this sooner . The only reason I kept my landline was to feed my tivo and I did n't want the hassle of re-configuring it with more wires and cables -LRB- had the slingbox/cable/tivo at one point -RRB- . But this works great - and in minutes like everyone says . If you are like me and already have a phone line/tivo/broadband hookup -LRB- with a relatively up-to-date tivo version setting -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- -RRB- , but do n't really need the phone for anything else , then this is the perfect solution . Get rid of your landline and save money . Had also been considering buying the wired version -LRB- you plug it to your network router -RRB- , but am so glad I did not . It was pretty much the same price and who needs more wires snaking around . Finally , a simple solution that works beautifully . Buy it .
 All I expected from this product is that it works and it does so I have no complaints .
 Works just as described . Plugged it in and the TIVO found my new wireless network and was communicating in just a few minutes . Significantly less expensive here than on the TIVO site .
 This product rocks . Albeit , It is expensive , but not that much more than other companys ' usb adapters . Ca n't say any negatives . Good product .
 This product is way , way overpriced , but since there are virtually no other options , what are ya gon na do ? Amazon has about the lowest price available , especially when compared to the manufacturer or big-box stores . Anyway , the thing is plug-and-play , no hassle , and works well . The antenna is good but not great , so do n't ask it to work halfway around the block . For me , it was worth going ahead and paying the premium for this product as opposed to trying to hack a cheaper 3rd party device to work .
 The product does what it says and instantly too ... Glad I got it ... Lynksys works great too but this is the best for connections
 This adapter is everything they claimed . Plugged right up and was extremely easy to set up . I have two more tivos that I need to transfer to wireless , and I will definitely be purchasing this adapter to make them work !
 Just unpackage it , plug into the back of the TIVO box , and TIVO does the rest -LRB- prompts you to change to your wireless router -RRB- . Simple .
 I like it . I upgraded my Linksys -LRB- I think -RRB- USB wireless-b adapter to this g one . No real big difference in speed - maybe a little faster - but the signal strength went up considerably . Anyway , it worked perfectly right away , and now I am running 802.11 g and WPA2 across my entire network , which is really all I wanted.Only thing that would make it better is faster speeds , which the wireless-g should support - but I think everyone knows that 's a limitation of the Tivo box , not the adapter.FYI , I have a series 2 , non-HD Tivo box .
 Obviously got this for my second series 2 tivo . It works great . The setup was fairly easy and it does n't look out of place or ugly up in our bedroom .
 This was the easiest thing ever to install and use . As soon as I plugged it in , it went right to the instructions for setup .
 Now that it is set up , it works.The setup took several hours . I have a toshiba tivo unit . Tivo tells me it 's much easier to setup if you buy your tivo unit from them.I am not sure I believe that , but I do n't know .
 Your TiVo must communicate with the TiVo network in order to obtain programming data , software updates , etc. . This product eliminates the hassle of running a phone or network cable to make the connection . It is easy to set up , works like a charm , and even supports WPA encryption . I have mine hidden inside an AV cabinet and it still picks up a good signal from the router on the other side of the house .
 I have been very happy with my Tivo Wireless adapter . It always works and was easy to set up !
 Receives wireless better than just about any other device I have . This thing works great and eliminates phone line and ethernet cable !
 The Tivo wireless G USB adapter works flawlessly.The adapter was immediately recognized by my Tivo.The adapter found my home network and began delivering a strong signal to the tivo . It is a quality product with excellant workmanship .
 Many of us these days are eliminating the landline phone connection , relying either on VoIP or cellular exclusively . The problem for us has been that our Tivo units need their connection to the landline . Using other wireless devices to connect the Tivo to my home network has been a hit or miss proposition . I was exicted to try out this one directly from Tivo.I am very pleased . It works as advertised and the onscreen set-up went smoothly with only one flaw
 I use this on my old Series 2 . It works like a champ . The signal is strong even through 2 walls and about 40 feet away . The price seems a bit high for a wireless g card , but that is what you get for using proprietary systems like Tivo.Another nice thing about the design is that it is large , and can serve multiple functions . It is a powerful wifi antenna , and also functions as a handy potato masher . Just hold on to the base of the unit and mash your boiled potatoes with the side with the Tivo logo . When you are finished , just grab the USB the cord , spin the adapter wildly in a circle like a lasso , and any lodged potatoes just fly right off for easy cleaning . I do not recommend mashing potatoes while the adapter is plugged into the Tivo .
 Good router , but definitely flawed . I have tried for the better part of 2 weeks to stream Netflix films through this router , but it simply is not fast enough to handle HD films . Its a good router for downloading movies and streaming music , but if you 're planning to stream Netflix , I 'd consider another product . * Update 12/22/11 - Ok , this router has had some problems along the way , but its been working very nicely streaming Netflix HD programming for the better part of 6 months now . I have updated my star rating to 4 stars . I can recommend this product .
 Easy as pie to hook up and works in a jiff ! Great connection and I could n't be happier with it !
 I bought this item after the folks at Radio Shack told me there was no way to use a TiVo without a phone line . Once I got it setup with my wireless network , it 's been great . Does n't need internet access very often , but it is definitely much faster than with a phone line -LRB- setup took about half the time , if not less -RRB- . I 've had it now for over a month and have had no problems . We 'll see how well it lasts .
 I have a Pioneer Series 2 DVR . I connected the adaptor , ran through Guided Set-up and volia , it worked . Reception is great , as the wireless router is on the other side of the house .
 Product worked as described . It is strange how persnickety the TiVo is about adaptors . You try an unsupported one and it will not work AT ALL . You use this one and it works like a charm .
 The Adapter works great with my new HD Tivo and was $ 30 cheaper than one I bought at Best Buy for my older Series 3 .
 When we purchased the Series 3 Tivo I had to upgrade the wireless adapter from the one I had used with a Series 2 Tivo . Installation was a snap and it has worked flawlessly . It is absolutly essential in order to view Netflix videos as easy as it is to watch an old TIVO recording . Networking to a computer it makes it possible to transfer programs between TIVO units , transfer programs to your computer , and to publish photos and music from you computer to your TV .
 The same item from Tivo and Radio Shack only much cheaoer . Works perfectly !!!
 Great product and price -LRB- bought from System 405 , Inc -RRB- . Quick shipping and worked great . Tired of paying more for your land land than TiVo service or tripping over phone wires ? Easy plug and play adapter and 5 minutes to set up to run with your wireless network .
 Awesome ! simply awesome ! makes your Tivo talk to your computer . You can save all your programs over to your lap top and take them on the road or vacation , or a business trip . shop around , prices vary greatly !
 This product is great ! I love it ! Very fast shipping and item as promised.A must by if you have a TiVo !
 This item worked with so much ease of connecting , all I had to do was plug it in and then it detected the network and that was the process . It has been working ever since without a slip.I will save and have saved a bunch of money , due to the fact that I was paying long distance fees on my phone services for updates . Great product , do n't wait get this product now , `` it is well worth the money . ''
 The tivo wireless works great . Easy to set up and seems to function well without any difficulties .
 Who would n't prefer 54mbps over 11mbps ? Not only did I get much faster speeds for my TiVo to communicate over the Internet and among devices in my house , but it also resolved some compatibility problems I had . The adapter is stylish and well made and certainly does the job . I just feel a bit taken advantage of because so many other G routers are so much cheaper . Regardless , its done its job very well .
 This adapter worked right out of the box and really made my TiVo come to life . This product was way cheaper than what TiVo wanted for the same thing plus it shipped free .
 This product arrived promptly and was easy to install . Has worked perfectly with my Series 3 Tivo since day one . I am able to transfer programs from Tivo to my PC with ease . I also schedule recordings on line without a problem . Really great addition to my system !
 This is a great add-on for the TiVo . It worked flawelessly right out of the box and it 's a bonus that it supports WPA/WPA2 encryption -LRB- definitely preferable to WEP -RRB- . The status lights are great and show you right away whether or not your TiVo has a connection to your wireless network . Get this adapter from Amazon and save yourself some cash over getting one directly from TiVo !
 I had another USB adapter that I used for years with my Tivo . Then , I got a new router , and it could n't connect . I did n't want to spend the money on a proprietary device , but I finally got frustrated enough to purchase Tivo 's adapter . It worked right out of the box ! I 'm pleased with the purchase . As an added bonus , it 's rather attractive -LRB- for an adapter -RRB- .
 Hooked it up to my Tivo Series 3 and during setup entered my WEP security info and the unit worked perfectly.It also looks pretty cool as far as wifi adapters go . I would recommend this as a solution to any Tivo 2 or 3 series unit .
 Installed in seconds . Great performance . Excellent to eliminate phone line dependency .
 Love it ! It was easy to setup and connect to my home network with no problems . It also works with my WAP encryption enabled .
 Luckily i looked at the review that everyone else has given on this product and figured 100 + rave reviews was proof enough ! Installation is a cinch , the Tivo immediately recognized , just enter your network information and WEP encryption , and off you go ! No problems with tying up your phone line , no problems with wires -LRB- for hard-wired connection to the Tivo -RRB- ... . no problem at all ! -LSB- ... -RSB- . I didnt even try an alternative method of a tivo adapter to the wireless network . But dont bother . For the ease of installation with this adapter , there is no other product that is even an option , even if it is free !
 Unit installed seamlessly on my Linksys network . Works fine and as advertised .
 After trying an adapter that did not work , I tried this based on other ratings . Despite my lack of computer knowledge , I hooked it up , it recognized my network then asked for my password . That was it ! Now it automatically connects to Tivo whenever it needs to -LRB- I do not have a phone jack near my machine , so I manually connected a long phone cord a few times/month -RRB- . WONDERFUL product !
 I 've been using this adapter for months to transfer files from my TiVo to my PC and vice versa . Zero problems . Setup is a breeze and the TiVo Desktop software is very simple to use .
 Excellent product . Works GREAT . I wish I had purchased this product months ago .
 I have my TIVO at the opposite end of the house and down a flight of stairs from my router , and no other wireless adapter was able to transmit a signal except this one . Little me , happy at last !
 Easy setup , works as expected . Wireless signal is fine through 2 walls , from one end of our house to the other , about 35 or 40 feet . It is an attractive addition to the Tivo , is unobtrusive in the living room , and has a small footprint . I have a Linksys router .
 A nice plug and play WLAN adapter for your TiVo . It would be nice if TiVo built this capability into their systems . A little bit of on-screen configuration is required once you connect it to your TiVo , but since you already have a wireless LAN setup -LRB- else you would not be purchising this -RRB- there is nothing mysterious to the setup that you should not already know . Signal quality and penetration is good . We 're probably paying a little more for the TiVo branded emblem , but it is more aesthetic than the typical USB LAN adapter . Good solid construction and weighted base to keep it from getting knocked around too easily.The capabilities that are opened up by networking your TiVo are pretty cool , including
 B4 I purchased this device I had a phone wire wrapped from my computer to the phone jack and a lot of clutter . Now there are no wires and no clutter . The Tivo wireless device works like a charm . You plug it in and it does the rest . Simple . Love it !
 This little baby does in fact solve the problem of networking your TiVo with better encryption , i.e. , now you can use WPA with this thing . I was unsure about buying it , but it worked right away . It does what they say , get it if you want to use better security for your wifi and your tivo .
 I had to laugh when doing this install . Just open the adapter till it `` clicks '' into place , hook it up w/the USB cable they provide , TiVo immediately recognizes it , type in your network password if necessary and you 're done ! They had some info on the installation card about navigating through the menu , but it was n't even necessary!My TiVo had been failing connections even with a hard wired ethernet line in . The wired router did n't like to share , probably because the old computer can not recognize multiple network outputs , so it kept hogging the connection . I would have to reset the modem so the TiVo could connect , and of course the TiVo 's connection would break the next time I needed to reset it again so my computer could hook on to the Internet . Now the new computer + TiVo connect wirelessly , whereas the old computer gets one of the wired outputs from the Router . I ca n't believe the wireless hook-up is more robust , not to mention cleaner looking ! This was the first time I ever installed a wireless router and Wireless card of any kind , and I really recommend it!PS
 I plugged the TiVo Wireless adapter into my TiVo and it worked . No problems , no issues . Now I can stream video from the Media Room TiVo to the Den TiVo in real time , no waiting . This is an easy upgrade that 's worth every penny .
 I have had two of these operating at the same time for a over a month along with other pc 's and laptops on the same wireless network , and have had zero issues . I just plug them into the back of the Tivo box and they work . Nothing to download or install . Just follow the easy to understand wireless set up instructions on the Tivo box and it 's all good . One of these is hooked up to a series 3 Tivo .
 I live in an area that requires me to dial long distance for downloading tivo schedule . Now that I have DSL this adapter allows me to download without dialing in . 100 times faster ... Must have for tivo users
 Have been using Tivo with an older wireless adapter . Decided to upgrade to the Tivo brand adapter . This adapter provides faster speeds -LRB- wireless G instead of B -RRB- ; WPA -LRB- higher security -RRB- ; instant installation ; a much more reliable connection from Tivo to your PC and to the Internet .
 I have been a TIVO user for many years , now upgrading to the digital High Def versions which I prefer over the DVR boxes provided by the cable company . Unfortunately , I used a Linksys USB Network adapter on my bedroom TIVO and did not use the TIVO version . When I switched routers to a more powerful G band router with D-Link my TIVO no longer worked . Now I understand that the TIVO Wireless USB Network adapter works for ALL routers , including my new D-Link router . Wish I had spent the $ 70 on a TIVO adapter the first time and I would not have had to buy a second one ! Live and learn ! The TIVO Wireless G USB adapter is very easy . Plug and play and TIVO does all the rest .
 I looked everywhere for another brand that would work with my Series 2 Tivo , but could n't find one . I finally broke down and bought the Tivo version and it works great ! I bought 2 brands that claimed to work with Tivo , but neither one worked . I only paid a few more dollars for the Tivo brand and the fact it works is worth the extra expense .
 This little gadget works just like it is supposed to . I am very happy with it !
 This TIVO wireless adapter was sooooo easy to install ... plugged it in , reset the Tivo for a wireless network configuration and that was it . Works great . We love it ... and we were able to get rid of our landline phone . Seems the only people using the landline was TIVO and telemarketers ! Ha ! No more telemarketers !
 i got a new wireless g n dual band router and my old wireless adapter no longer worked with the tivo and the router . after reading about this adapter , i bought it and it was easy to install and worked like a charm .
 I 've had a TiVo 2 for a few years now , and always used a phone line with it simply because I did n't have another compatible TiVo to share content with.But I can tell you now that I should n't have waited . Yes , it shares content with my TiVo 3 , which is great , but it also downloads information sooooo much faster than a phone line AND gives me access to online content.On my TiVo 3 I can watch movies streamed straight from Amazon Video and Netflix , which is great since I already have an account . I ca n't do Netflix with the TiVo 2 , but it 's still darned nice.As for the item itself , yes , it 's more expensive than other wireless network adapters I could have bought , but it 's small , it works instantly and seamlessly with TiVo , and feels really well made . It has a metal base that 's really substantial and keeps the adapter from getting pulled by the weight of the cord.Just plug it in , go through a very simple guided setup , and throw away that damned phone cord . Done.-Doug
 I was a bit irked because for the latest TiVos , it is almost required that one buy this product in order to assure proper compatibility . I had a wireless adapter for my Series 2 , and I was planning on moving it over , but I found that it was n't officially supported . But given the headaches they had over supporting the many different wireless adapters , I guess I can understand their decision to go this route.That said , I wish the official adapter was a bit less expensive.But that aside , ordering and installation was a snap . The only difficulty was that I forgot the password for our router and had to reset it , but obviously that 's not the fault of the wireless adapter .
 I needed this wireless adaptor because I do n't have two cable outlets close enough together to reach an ethernet cable from my wireless router to my TV and cable splitters ruin my Internet connection . It did not disappoint . Once I hooked it up to my new Tivo I began running through the setup screens . The adapter easily found my network SID . The screen to enter the security key was simple to use . It quickly connected to my network with the WPA2 security after I entered my key . I was impressed how quickly it was able to download the settings and initial programming to make the Tivo and my TV usable . This is a great product and well worth the price !
 I have n't downloaded many movies yet , but when I have , the wireless adapter has worked fine . I would forget it 's there , except now I 'm able to order movies ! Too bad more stuff does n't work like that . I have n't had to use their customer service , but that 's the best kind of customer service .
 If you have a TiVo , and it needs to be wireless , this is the adapter that you buy . The other adapters out there , drop signal , and have problems communicating with your other TiVo 's , this one is plug and play , go through a few set-up options and you are there . Plus it is built like a tank ... just because .
 Simple to set-up . Works as well as if it were plugged in , even for Nelfix/streaming video .
 This product worked almost automatically after being plugged in -- very easy to install and use .
 TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series 2 and Series 3 DVRsAll that was required to start using my internet connection , which already hada linksys wireles g router running for my home computer network , was to plug it in and reset the Tivo to use the wireless network and add the wep security key.I 'd recommend this unit to anyone using a Tivo that alreay has a high speed internet connection available . Located about 25 feet from the access point the unit shows 93 to 100 per cent signal strength and sucks up the information in just a few seconds .
 Bought this item for half or what a local computer store wanted . Worked right out of the box . Very good product .
 I like it very much because I do n't have to think about it . TIVO updates regularly without problems . I just plugged it in , gave it my network 's password , and all was well.I guess the only thing that I would wish for is Wireless N.
 I bought this product when we decided to get rid of our home phone . It is very simple to use ! The product came in a couple of days of ordering . Opened the package up and it has instructions , adapter and usb cord . Plug in , turn on tivo and it will detect the adapter right away . Just follow the on screen guide and voila , its installed . I did n't realize the features that you could use on the Tivo when you go wireless with it . Pretty handy for weather , videos . . etc. . Would definitley recomd . this product to anyone looking to go wireless . Buy it off of Amazon , it will be cheaper than directly off of tivo website .
 This adapter works great.I did have some problems configuring it to connect with my wireless router.I had to deal with Tivo 's tech support 4 different times.I finally figured out that instead of using the automatic set up , configuring the adapter manually finally fixed my problem .
 It seems to be doing its job . I originally had trouble with the Netflix movies stopping to load . However , I really think this was a broadband problem and not the adapter . Once we got the internet service looked at , the daughter cancelled her Netflix and I never got to finish my testing . It appears to be keeping my TIVO updated .
 This is really easy to set up . It 's practically just plug and play and your Tivo updates itself and programs recordings wirelessly . Not really much else to say . It gets the job done .
 The Tivo Ag0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for Tivo is just what I needed for my Tivo . My phone jack was clear across the room and every time I wanted to connect to Tivo , I had to drag a 30 foot cord across the room and plug it in . Then I would forget to connect and Tivo would have to remind me to connect or I would n't get updated information for my recordings . I have a wireless laptop and I heard that tivo could connect to my broadband wireless connection with an adapter . This adapter solved all my problems . It was so easy to connect right into the USB port of the Tivo unit and I never have to think about connecting now . It 's great !
 Easy to use out of the box . Would recommend purchasing brand product over struggling with generic adapter .
 When you upgrade to a TiVo with HD you must buy their wireless adaptor -LRB- and I wish that had been clear when I upgraded -RRB- . Good news is that their `` G '' gave my TiVo twice the signal strength that my LinkSys `` B '' did , so I 'm a happy camper . It is great Plug 'n Play .
 When I purchased this item I had no idea of all of the feature rich assets that it would bring to the Tivo expreience . I would highly recommend this item to any Tivo suscriber who is thinking about purchasing .
 TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series2 & Series3 ; DVRsworks excellent with TiVo DVR and provides good connection with the Belkin Wireless router 40 + feet away to provide computer downloading on programming . Amazing technology for the novice .
 Simple set-up . Solved my problem with a bad phone line connection . More reliable than a phone line .
 I had some problems with my TiVO not taking PWA2 at first but once my system finally updated , 2 days later , I have been enjoying not having to many wires running around in the room . Go wireless , it is great !
 The product -LRB- Tivo -RRB- wireless connector works precisely as advertised . Purchase and installation of the product negated the requirement for a telephone line to interface with Tivo and permits sharing of photos and music from laptop computers with wireless connection with tv monitors .
 A must have for anyone with a wireless broadband connection and multiple TIVO Serie2 DVRs . Simple connection , simple setup , simple access to the vast amount of extras TIVO offers .
 I originally bought three of these for our HD boxes , and they improved the connection with TiVo service for updates significantly . Transfers between boxes were slow , though . If we tried to watch while transferrring , unless we waited until the transfer was almost finished , the program would pause when it had to wait for the rest of the transfer.One thing that helped was relocating the router next to one of the TiVo HD boxes and connecting it via Ethernet , That nearly halved the transfer times to/from that box.I later boughtActiontec MegaPlug A/V 200 Mbps Ethernet Adapterunits for all of the other boxes and now most non-HD programs transfer fast enough that we can watch them while transferring without hiccups . HD programs still require some waiting before watching . The MegaPlugs are sold in pairs but up to 12 can be combined without a separate router if you can run a PC application .
 This is the only wireless network adapter which will work with a series 3 Tivo . Of course , I tried several others , and they did n't work . The Tivo brand worked flawlessly . I 'd have saved a lot of time just by going to the Tivo brand in the first place !
 This is a great , immensely useful and functional product . Tivo could use some work but this product is without match .
 Very easy to set up . Works perfectly with no problems . Love it .
 exellent product , does the job well , no problems at all . . easy to install as well and very small and compact . .
 I have been using 3 of these already and have been very satisfied .
 The benchmark for any WiFi product should be how easily it connects to your network . This adapter scores very high on that scale . It recognized the network immediately , accepted the encryption key , and has been communicating with the server continuously ever since . If you 've got a wireless G network in your home , this product 's ease of use is a strong extra incentive to get a TiVo . Amazon 's price is better than any of the retail outlets I 've seen as well .
 Quick to ship and arrive , price better than from TiVo . Only annoyance is that TiVo requires a specialized wireless G USB adaptor .
 Bought this as a gift for a friend and he 's ecstatic at how well it works !!!
 this was the best deal online by far.very nice jacket couldnt ask for a better item at the price.Thank you
 Works just as described . I ca n't see having a Tivo and not using it .
 This was EASY to set up , and works with WEP . We 've had it about 3 weeks and it has worked perfectly .
 It worked well out of the box . Gets decent reception . 80 % or so from a router on a different floor . Shame though that Tivo has gone the overpriced exclusive hardware route . But at least the adapter is of solid construction , attractive aesthetics and works pretty well .
 The produce does just what it states
 I got a refurbished one for free with my Series2 due to a phone-in special to TiVo . Plugged it in and followed the on-screen instructions and it has worked perfectly ever since -LRB- about 5 months ago -RRB- .
 I bought this for my Series2 TIVO so I would n't need to have an Ethernet cable running across the living room . Already had one on the Series 3 HD TIVO upstairs and liked it . Popped the USB cable in and joined my WiFi network and it just plain works .
 I know the Amazon price is the best around , but I 'm not a huge fan of being required to purchase a proprietary wireless adapter when I already have a Wireless G atapter from my old Series2 machine.That said , this works like a charm . Could not be easier to install , and it gets amazing reception . Much better than another adapter I have that is located closer to the wireless router . The only issue is that it 's tough to hide . It looks ok sitting on top the TiVo , but my cleaning lady knocks it over every time she 's here.Now , if only Comcast was n't such a pain in the rear to deal with ... -LRB- do you hear me Verizon Fios ?! -RRB-
 I do now have much to say about this adapter other than it was perhaps the simplest wireless component I have yet dealt with . Plugged it into my Series 2 TiVo and about two minutes latter I was done . I have had no problems with dropped connections .
 I would suggest a wired connection -LRB- especially for HD boxes -RRB- but if you must do the wireless , this is your best bet .
 Got it , opened it , plugged it in , entered my net info , and Bob 's your flippin ' Mother 's sister 's brother !
 Well worth the money . I tried a few aftermarket solutions which ended up providing either slower file transfers or did not work at all with my TiVo . Do n't waste your time like I did . If you want your TiVo to become wireless purchase this adapter .
 I had an old Linksys WUSB11 connected to my Tivo series 2 to link it to my wireless network . It was slow as a dog ! My signal strength hovered around 7 to 10 % and often the Tivo would fail in it 's attempts to download files . I just installed this Tivo G adaptor and my signal strength increased to 94 % . Now my downloads are much , much faster ! I do n't know why I did n't upgrade before . Installation was a snap . I unplugged the old one and ran the new cable w / this one . The WUSB11 uses a standard USB connector on both ends and this Tivo one uses a miniUSB on the device end and standard USB connector on the Tivo side . I went to the settings / network page on the Tivo and directed it to connect to my existing wireless network and it connected . The key thing is that I did NOT have to restart the Tivo or reset the network to get this to connect - it was very , very simple
 I now have three TIVO brand adapters . I 've had other brands and nothing compares . Great product if you are networking Tivos .
 I picked up Tivo recorder a while back when I found a good sale . I put off buying a wireless adapter because I did n't want to spend the money when I could just run a new broadband line and I figured the signal would n't be strong enough . Eventually I gave in and bought the adapter and now I wish I had done it from the start ! The signal is great - it 's just as fast and reliable as the Tivo I have hard wired , and it was so simple to use .
 I have 3 TiVo machines each hooked to one of these ; two of them are HD . Having a wireless adapter allows you the freedom of placing your TiVo machine away from a phone connection and it is a lot faster . In the case of the HDs , they are linked so you can transfer programs from upstairs to downstairs , you can pull photos/videos off your computer , and you can download movies/videos from places such as Amazon - Un-box . Ca n't hook up the Comcast Scientific Alanta DVR to this network , but if it was n't almost free with digital cable , I 'd have another TiVo with one of these adapters .
 Great Buy , works well . Add in the free shipping and you ca n't go wrong . Setup was quick and simple on my WEP secure wireless network .
 This product works as expected , very easy to hook up , and priced competitively on Amazon . Solid purchase .
 What else is there to say ? Your TiVo does n't need to be tethered to your telephone line .
 Does exactly as advertised . Easy installation . Good price compared to the same item at other stores .
 The adapter works very well . I spent a long time trying to find a compatible adapter for my Tivo but none of the available adapters worked . This one is worth the money and it has n't caused me a single problem yet . It gets excellent range , requires no set up , and has a great connection . Well worth it .
 I really like this wireless USB that connects my tivo to my TV . I do not have cable and it brings in the channels very good . I am happy with this product .
 I plugged it in to replace my ancient wireless b USB adapter . It picked up the network right away and got a nice , strong signal -LRB- 96-100 % ... something I seldom saw from the old network adaptor -RRB- . TiVo 's network adapter scores above my old wireless b adapter in two major respects . First , it supports stronger WPA wireless security . I had been using the old adapter with WEP for several years , but recently became concerned about the security of my wireless network . Secondly , there is a noticeable increase in the speed of TiVo-to-Go transfers from my TiVo box to my computer . It comes to roughly a 2 to 2.5-fold improvement over the old b adapter . I was hoping for even faster transfers , but I guess this will do for now .
 I got the wireless adapter for my husband as part of his Christmas present . He had no difficults hooking it up with the Series two TiVo and our home network.Pretty much just pluged it in and then the TiVo set-up took care of everything else . Much easier then running cable throughout the house .
 As others have said , this product is very easy to set up . We use it with our Series 2 Duel Tuner Tivo . Now that we 're set up on the wireless network we can go to Tivo 's website and schedule TV shows for our TiVo to record . We also downloaded TiVo to Go . The wireless adaptor allows us to send recorded programs from our TiVo to our computers -LRB- which can then be viewed or transfered to an ipod video or burned on DVD -RRB- . The wireless adapter also allows us to listen to our favorite podcasts on the TV -LRB- this is a feature of the TiVo service -RRB- , listen to the music we have saved on our computer through our TV and view pictures saved on our computer through the TV . Not bad for price .
 This product , unfortunately , is the only solution for wirelessly connecting your TiVo -LRB- I have a Series 2 -RRB- to you home network using WPA encryption . Fortunately , it 's as easy as plug and go . Simply plug in the TiVo Wireless G USB Network Adaptor into one of the 2 USB ports on the TiVo and set up your network in the settings which you navigate through your TiVo menu . Very easy but very monopolistic .
 This item worked right of the box . More than I can say for other adapters I tried that were recomended from the TiVo website . If you are looking to use a wireless adapter , avoid countless trips to different stores and just order this one .
 This little gadget is really great . I received the product exactly when promised . The hardest thing about about installation was getting it out of the package ! Seriously , it was up and running within 15 minutes . I no longer have to use a phone line for TIVO updates . I have had absolutely no problem whatsoever . This is a great product for your TIVO ... definitely a must have .
 I ordered two of these so that I could set up Multi-Room viewing on my two TiVos . I plugged it in and it worked right away , with wireless reception status of 85-90 % consistently . My previous wireless adapter barely got 30 % . The Multi-Room viewing is a great feature . No more recording the same program on both systems .
 All the other statements are true about download speed due to its ability to help in decompressing data . However I have a Mac and you ca n't do Tivo to Go but over all I think it is very helpful no matter what and I just bought another one for my S3 . God Bless Tivo
 Works perfectly with only a few steps of set-up . The set-up instructions are very easy to follow . It does not , however , work well with the Apple airport . It works great with the Linksys airport . I 'm not technical enough to know if that can be overcome , but since I have both , was not an issue .
 We purchased this because we did n't have a phone jack near our TV . Rather than do some creative wiring to get our TIVO unit connected to a phone jack , we decided to spend the extra money on this accessory . We also like the fact that we can schedule shows online up to one hour in advance with this wireless unit .
 Does exactly what it says it can and will do ... just wish it was a bit cheaper !
 I have owned a Tivo for years now and I never thought about connecting it through my home network . After researching the idea online I decided to give it a try and made the purchase through Amazon -LRB- where else would I make the purchase -RRB- . This was one of the most simple connections to my home network I have ever experienced . With this new item I now receive much more content through my Tivo system and I would suggest this network adapter to anyone who seeks to simplify their Tivo life .
 This is a great little Wireless Network Adaptor for your TiVo Series 2 and Series 3 -LRB- S3 and HD -RRB- even though it 's still document as only being for Series 2 it is also for Series 3 and it 's the only one that will work with the TiVo HD -LRB- at least currently . -RRB- If you do n't have TiVo then do n't buy this as it 's not a standard wireless network adapter.I have two laptops and a desktop in the house that pick up 5-6 wireless networks , but the my TiVo HD box w / the TiVo Wireless G actually picks up 13 wireless networks . That 's a lot considering the smallest lot is 80 ` x120 ' . This thing is super sensitive and gets great reception .
 As with all things Tivo , this adapter is very easy to set up and use . Let 's put it this way , my husband even hooked this up with no problem . HAHA!All we did was plug it in , and it immediately detected our network . Transferring shows between our Tivo 's is surprisingly fast . We also have no problems with online scheduling , transferring videos to our computer , and viewing our photos on our TV . Everything works as easy as Tivo says it should.Because we needed 2 adapters , we priced these adapters everywhere before buying . Amazon was by far the cheapest.We are so happy with our Tivo 's now being wireless . Now we do n't have to pay for long distance phone calls to download programming data . As a matter of fact , we no longer have long distance service on our home phone at all . Just another positive aspect of going wireless !
 This is one of the best add-on products ever . If you are an avid Tivo user I encourage you to get this . It was very easy to set up , just plug it in and push a few buttons . It does the rest . If you also have a laptop , you can set it up to send Tivo 'd shows to it for on the go watching . Combine this with Amazon unbox movies and you are set ! Not to mention you can set up tapings from any computer . This item gets a thumb , thumb , thumb 's up from me .
 It 's unfortunate that the TiVo Series 3 HD does not allow the use of 3rd party wireless adapters or bridges , but at least this TiVo-branded adapter is affordable and in the same price range.It was a snap to set up and works flawlessly . It 's also impressively well-built and I REALLY like that the base is weighted so it stays in place . It 's decorative enough that I do n't feel the need to hide it in the entertainment center like I did with the old Linksys adapters .
 This took about 1 minute to set up and I 've had zero problems with it ! It 's been worth every penny ! I can now schedule shows on my TiVo , via computer , when I 'm away from home ; I can send programs directly from my TiVo to my home computer -LRB- for saving on DVD , editing , or sending to friends -RRB- ; and I can access weather and other info right on my TV ... but I think the best part is that my TiVo no longer requires a landline phone !!!
 Just plug it in and set it up using the on-screen prompts . Took all of a minute . Took another two at most to download the TivoToGo program on my laptop and I was transferring shows to my computer right away . Could n't be easier . Bought one for a tech-challenged friend who could n't believe how easy this is to use and the possibilities it opens up for streaming video and shows -LRB- both ways -RRB- between the Tivo and computer . I only regret not getting this sooner .
 No issues . Easy to configure . Works with WAP if you have latest TiVo software update .
 This is my second wireless adpater that I have tried with my Tivo . Originally , I purchased a Dlink network adapter which generally worked , but would lock up or drop the signal fairly often . When I upgraded to this adapter , the signal strength went from 25-30 % up to 50 % . It connected instantly , and has not dropped the signal -LRB- it has been connected for over 6 weeks now -RRB- . This adapter may be a few bucks more than some of the cheap ones out there , but worth every penny .
 I 've gone through two other adapters , one being DLink which constantly loss the connection or couldnt see my network , this adapter works great . Installation was nothing
 I have an existing wireless network at home and am very computer savy . I decided to purchase some wireless adapters for my Tivo boxes , but found that I was unsuccessful at setting them up . I since decided to buy the Tivo branded adapters and now I am happy that I did . I love these things . I plugged them in , answered a few questions and BAM , it 's all setup . I have a TV on one end of the house that gets signal from the wireless router on the other side of the house and downstairs . They have great reception and make the DVR experience awesome . Too bad the cable company could n't match this . Tivo is always one step ahead . I love my tivo and would never have DVR though the cable company again unless they partnered with Tivo .
 Easy and quick to install . Once it was setup started to explore the new options . Intention was to be able to send tv recordings to the pc but to my surprise there was so many new options on the tivo itself . Options to load video podcasts and Amazon Unbox was just a few cool new options . Looks like the possibilty of adding new options with firmware updates is exciting .
 We plugged in our Tivo box , and realized that we needed a phone line plugged in to obtain up-to-date program guides . Unfortunately , our phone line was all the way on the opposing corner of the room . We could n't leave the line plugged in , strewn across the floor , so we would routinely have to plug in a phone cord , let it update , then unplug it again . We saw that Tivo had this Wireless USB adapter , but found it much cheaper on Amazon . We plugged it in , Tivo recognized it , we followed the onscreen prompts , and tada !! Could n't been simpler ! An added perk is that , when we bought additional ones for other rooms , not only to we never have to worry about tying up the phone line , but we now have all the Tivo units networked together , so if we record something in the living room , we can watch it in the bedroom ! How cool is that ! I would recommend this to everyone who has Tivo and a wireless network setup in their house .
 I received a TiVo box for Christmas and hooked it up in January . Instead of running wires all over the place I purchased the TiVo wireless USB adapter to connect the TiVo box to my existing wireless network . I simply actived the TiVo service online , then plugged the TiVo box to my home theatre , plugged in the TiVo wireless adapter , and followed the on-screen menu instructions . Everything worked perfectly , the first attempt . How many electronic / computer products do that , do you think ? By the way , I am just an average computer user with few networking skills . I chose the TiVo brand adapter instead of others available to assure easy software compatibility .
 I do n't know why , but I tried using a Linksys to place my TiVo on my home wireless system , however I had nothing but problems . I bought this unit after reading the reviews here and within minutes , my TiVo was up and running on my home network ! This works and is worth every penny . It looks pretty cool sitting next to the TiVo , as if it is some kind of slick high tech gadget , whereas other adapters look like ugly computer gear . I have no complaints and will buy another when I increase my system.This was used on a new Series3 TiVo on Comcast cable in Sacramento , CA .
 TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series2 & Series3 DVRsItem very easy to setup.Pleased with Performance , Delivery and Price
 I use this wireless adapter with my Series 2 TiVo and love it . It works out of the box with no additional set up other than your own security set ups . Speed is much faster than the wireless-B adapter that I had been using previously .
 This wireless adapter for series 2 and 3 TiVos configured fast and works great . I had one on our series 3 DVR , but picked up another for my original series 2 40-hour TiVo that was having trouble using the D-link USB adapter that I had been using . It was a lot easier to install and works faster when I transfer programs between the two or to my PC . It 's not worth the time to try and configure any other adapter with TiVo .
 No more dragging out the ethernet cord and hooking up every two weeks . This wireless adapter is simple to use . And now I can watch TV shows on my computer or laptop . I did n't really want another TIVO , so this is a great alternative . Plus , it cost about $ 25 cheaper through Amazon than buying at BestBuy .
 Works exactly as promised . I plugged it in after unplugging my old USB wireless adapter that was 802.11 b. Tivo noticed the removal of my adapter then that a new adapter was plugged in . I went through the on screen menus for wireless access and was done quickly . We move alot of shows from one Tivo to another and I wanted to speed up the process.First the specs ... Tivo HD in one room , Tivo Series 2 dual tuner upstairs . Tivo HD has already a Tivo wireless G USB adapter . Series 2 has an old wireless B USB adapter . These work in conjunction with my Trendnet Wireless G Router . Tivo HD has 90 % signal strength and the Series 2 about 65 % - witch Tivo still lists as very good strength , if memory serves me right.Okay , now that is out of the way . We use to start a transfer 30 minutes prior so we could watch the show and still forward the commercials . Watching the show immediately after the start of the transfer was not an option . Even at 15 minutes prior without forwarding the commercials I would catch the transfer and have to wait , annoying.Guess what , watching a video right away is now possible ! I can start right away with out any hesitations in the show . That being said it is not perfect as I ca n't forward the commercials . There is about 13 minutes of commercials per hour show so I could use that as a guide to again , start it first.Conclusion
 I was looking for a way to connect to tivo without using a phone line . Tivo does not support phone service over Cable so I needed to invest in another way to connect . This is easy to hook up and works well . Amazon had the best price I could find .
 I was dragging a 75 ft telephone cord up to my TIVO every 10 days or so . Most of the time it could not make a connection . If it did make a connection , it failed to complete download . It was ridiculous.It would call 5-6-7 times and I had to have this cord laying around until it was successful . It took 10 minutes to hook up the adapter to my wireless DSL upstairs . Now , I do n't ever think about it . What took me so long !!!!
 This arrived quickly , was extremely easy to set up , the WPA security worked great and I have a great signal -LRB- rarely below 60 % -RRB- strength at G speed from across my two-story plaster and lathe walled house . An excellent purchase !
 I was worried this adapter might be different than the others I have seen on the internet or in stores , because it was about $ 20 less than what seemed to be the going rate . Have no fear , this is the one that will work with your Tivo.It was easy to hook up - just plug the USB into your Tivo unit and follow the setup instructions -LRB- on screen in the Tivo Setup menu -RRB- ; I was up and running in about 5 minutes.Signal strength is a little bit less than what i get with my new laptop - My new laptop gets about 65 % signal sitting on my bed , this gets about 53 % from the same room . But , it 's certainly acceptable for downloading program guides and swapping shows with my other Tivo . With a wireless-g network I can transfer an hour TV show in about 15 minutes , and much faster than real time . If I wait about 30 seconds to start playing after I start transferring , I find that I can FF through all the commercials .
 I was concerned that the Tivo wireless adapter would be complicated or difficult to set up -- I should not have been . It was extremely easy to set up -LRB- just plug it into the Tivo box and reset the Tivo settings to network -RRB- and works perfectly . Just as easy as using Tivo . Great product !
 Worked flawlessly with my new Tivo HD XL . Hitting the Tivo network and streaming files from my PC with no problems .
 We 've had ours for about two weeks and is working perfectly . Installation was as easy as 1-2-3 . Also , buying on Amazon saves you $ 20 . Tivo 's site is selling the same item for $ 59.99 .
 After I had my landline disconnected and began using my cell phone , I thought my TiVo would be useless . I tried to hook it up wirelessly with a linksys adapter and it did n't work . With a lot of reservations , I ordered TiVo AG0100 . Since I 'm about as far from a computer geek as you can get , I was praying it would n't take me weeks to figure out how to use it . The day it arrived I took a deep breath and plugged it into the back of the TiVo . Immediately , I got the prompt that a wireless connection had been detected . From there , all I had to do was enter the network name and encryption key . The entire process took me less than ten minutes , and now I have my TiVo back ! One caveat ; I did have to restart my TiVo afterward , but I think it was because I 'd let the information run out before my AG0100 arrived . I love this adapter !
 Unfortunately this is the only wireless adapter for a Tivo that will allow you to access a wireless network that uses WPA security . Other wireless adapters are much cheaper , but Tivo has made it so you have to buy theirs and at -LSB- ... -RSB- a pop .
 Having a Tivo Network Adapter allows me to transfer shows from one Tivo box into a box in another room . the product is solid and since it is made by the manufacturer of the Tivo box it works immediately with no fuss .
 TIVO locked upon install , but chatted with tech support and they provided me a code to get it unlocked . Other than that , operates well , no complaints . Would recommend if you want to have a TIVO set up without having a bunch of ethernet cables ran to it . Can attest that this DOES work with TIVO HD Premiere !! Do n't spend extra on the ` G ' unless you absolutely want to , this works just fine !!!
 i have this and an N version , both seem to work well . I like the G because it dose n't loose conection when the power goes out . it just picks back up and works when the power comes back on , it plugs into a TIVO empty USB port , requires no other power supply . If you have a super fast ISP might be better with the N. I 've had this about 2 years without a problem .
 Took me a while to work out that this Wireless G adapter was the product I needed , not to be confused with the Wireless N Adapter from Tivo , which is more expensive . This one is small , unobtrusive , has one wire that plugs into the back of the Tivo -LRB- USB -RRB- . It worked perfectly , without fuss , on the second floor of the house although the wireless router is under a desk in the basement . I like products which do their job with no fuss . This certainly qualifies .
 I needed to buy this adapter when I replaced our router as the adapter we 'd been using did n't work for some reason . Got this one quickly and installed it in moments . Worked perfectly . I would highly recommend it for anyone who wants wireless connectivity for their TIVO !
 What 's to say about the product ? It ROCKS . I have had TiVo for over 10 years and have had a network for 7 + years in our home . It works as directed and intended . I have also bought the same item a few times for my kids when they went off to college -- they had thier own TiVo units . Have never had to replace one . Dependable -- which is all I want , something that works and I do n't have to touch it except to dust underneath it . This was also a very good purchase on Amazon as BB was significantly more expensive . Thank you . :-RRB- Have a good weekend people !! - Lynn
 Installed on older Pioneer 810 DVR/Recorder . Installed and works w/o a glitch . Easy set up , but you need to connect to phone line first to change settings to wireless . Need network password .
 I could not even find an adapter directly -LRB- store or online -RRB- that would work with the older Tivo box I have . This one was only $ 5 more than the cheapest one I found in the store and it actually worked ! You do n't realize how addicted you are to Tivo until your usage is constrained . ; - -RRB-
 Does what it says ... I like how it can extend out with the provided cord . That way it 's not stuck behind the Tivo .
 Excellent product . If you are using your tivo through a telephone cord and have wireless in your home , you should definitely by this and switch . -LRB- I did not rate customer service because I have had no problems . -RRB-
 I have tried various wireless adapters and this one works great for your TIVO . I did lots of research and was getting confused on which ones would/would not work so I decided just to buy this one . I got it for about 20 dollars cheaper than Best Buy -LRB- no surprise -RRB- . Plus free shipping and no tax !
 Finally decided to buy this wireless adapter after years of running a phone line to synch the Tivo . Finally moved the Tivo box to a sunroom where a phone jack was far enough away it was n't practical to keep a phone line hooked up . This installed in minutes and I had it hooked up to the wireless router . Now I do n't have to worry about running a phone line to the Tivo box . Bonus is the ability to control Tivo remotely and view Tivo recorded programs on PC or iPad -LRB- additional software required -RRB- .
 OK , I 'm guessing not many will order this product , but if you do , it 'll work flawlessly . I used it to hook up my 10-year-old TIVO to my wireless network . You 'll need the network details , but it 's a breeze , and the automatic updates via the ` net are super .
 The adaptor works well and was easy to install . I did n't have to completely restart my Tivo , and this adaptor was much less expensive than the one advertised for the HD Tivo Premiere .
 I thought I would need the next step up from this product to meet all of my movie downloading and show transferring needs . This is not the case at all . This network adapter was simply to install , simple to set-up , and works as desired . I can search my other TIVO boxes for the item I want and hit play . I have yet to run into an issue where I was unable to watch the show immediately . Simply a great product for a GREAT product
 Tivo Wireless G USB Nework Adapter for Tivo Series 2 works great . I have two tivo 's which this allowed me to link so I can record different shows and watch them in either room and do n't have to have wires everywhere . I like it , no love it . The price on amazon was about 20 % cheaper than in stores I looked at . I would recommend if you have the need and interest .
 Wonderful product that was easy to install . . Item arrived quickly . Necessary if you have the apprpropriate TIVO and not wanting phone line cords everywhere .
 The TiVo AG0100 wireless adapter is quite a distance from my router but I get fantastic and fast data transfer . The product was very easy to install , it took about 3 minutes .
 I made this purchase last year and have been very pleased . The network adapter has performed perfectly ... for a fraction of what this product would have cost directly from Tivo . I was also very pleased with the speed at which my order was processed and delivered .
 This little device allows my TivoHD to go wireless in my living room . I did not want to run ethernet cable all over my house , and this device solved my problem . Works great , looks great !
 The wireless network adapter arrived exactly as advertised . It did not include a USB cord , but I had one , so there was no problem . The adapter works just fine .
 My husband and I recently purchased a Series 3 HD Tivo and ordered this to avoid having to go the phone line connection route . This adapter works really well with strong signal strength!One issue ... I was listening to Pandora one day and it was skipping like a CD -LRB- and this happened again another day -RRB- . I could n't get it to stop so I just turned it off . I called Tivo 's customer service to see why this may be happening , and they said to try unplugging it for 15 seconds and then reconnecting it . This fixed the issue for the moment . They said it 's usually a network issue . However , I do n't believe it 's an issue with my network -LRB- as I never have problems with it -RRB- , and that this adapter sometimes gets off track somehow . I guess I will continue to troubleshoot this way . Overall , it 's an excellent product that has a small glitch every now and then . Aside from that , we have n't had any problems with streaming Video on Demand or regular recorded TV .
 This was a gift for my daughter to go with her new tivo . I already have two and love connecting wireless .
 The TiVo wireless adapter has made tv watching so much easier and given us so many more choices . Love it !!
 I have a Series 2 TiVo that I moved away from a lan socket so I needed a wireless G USB connection . With all the newer TiVos out I worried about finding one that would be compatible . This was plug and play all the way . The current OS in the TiVo did n't even blink at the change . The hub is on another floor of the house but the signal is picked up just fine . I 'd recommend this to anyone with a Series 2 TiVo ! : -RRB-
 I 've been using a wireless jack for so long , and I kept having problems . I finally got this item and it works wonderfully . I never have to have a backup phone line stretched across my room again .
 I had read reviews of this product prior to my purchase . Several had difficulty with installation , so I prepared myself for problems . Was I surprised when I followed the directions , which were simple and was amazed at the ease of installation and use . Great product .
 TiVo merchandise is not usually sold at a discount but since the wireless `` N '' adapters came out this `` G '' adapter was set at a reasonable price . Hook up to my TiVo HD DVR with cable company cards was easier than expected . Even though my router is two rooms and down a hallway from my TV I can now watch on demand netflix movies . If price is no object go with the `` N '' , if you enjoy a bargain get the `` G '' .
 The adapter arrived 2 days before it was scheduled to , and it was easy to hook it up to my TiVo !
 Purchased this to hook up my new HD TiVo series 4 . I currently have a dynex G + router . Followed TiVo installation on the screen , and everything went smooth . Its is about 30 ft away from the router , and I have only experienced minor connection interuptions at times . The picture quality is great . I 'm happy with this device .
 As a person who chooses to live in the dark ages of electronics , without cable or satellite TV , this is a wonderful product . I chose to get it so that my family could watch instant movies from Netflix . It does its job perfectly . Super easy to set up and worked right away . I was able to get rid of the 30 feet of telephone cord connecting my TiVo to the phone service . Woo Hoo ! No need for customer service !
 It has made my life a lot easier since giving up on those remote phone jacks for me tivo connections . Now I dont have to make a connection every 5-7 days or at all unless there has been a real power outage or router difficulty.what a joy
 The TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Ne Adapter for TiVo Series2 & Series3 DVRs was shipped promptly and appears to works well .
 I had no problem connecting this to the TiVo ; it gets good reception and was easy to configure for my WPA2 setup . Yes , there are cheaper possibilities for a USB wireless adapter , but for peace of mind I 'd recommend this one
 I pluged the adapter into my TiVo and it picked up my wireless network and setup was done from menu , I had been using phone line for program guide and had to pay long distance charges , this will pay for itself in two months .
 It works . The walls and distance between devices in my house pretty much dont let anything below wireless G cards and devices get reception but this gets like 78 % signal . Definitely not as fast as going with the wired option though . I 'd recommend .
 This item works very well . Easy set up and not un-attractive set along side your other gear . Well worth the money ...
 TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series2 & Series3 DVRsperfect reception right out of the box.love it
 The TiVo Wireless G USB Network adapter is easy to use , and works well.Just plug it in , select the name of your network & enter the security information -LRB- your wireless encryption key -RRB- and you are good to go.I did a little research before I purchased the adapter , it may be useful to others . Here is what I found : - Other Wireless G network adapters are cheaper , why ca n't I just get one of them?Answer
 This is my first TiVo -LRB- gift -RRB- and my friend suggested I get the wireless . I think it 's great and allows for an abundance of access and features ! It 's worked well and set up was easy .
 I purchased 2 of the tivo wireless G USB network adapters and they work fine . I used them to connect the two tivos I have as well as connect them to my computer . I initally looked at Best Buy to buy an adapter that was compatible with Tivo , but they could not guarantee that is would work . They had this product at Best Buy , but about $ 30 more per adapter . FYI if you have problems connecting with TIVO , call the help line at Tivo . They were super helpful . I did not wait on hold for more than 3 minutes before I spoke with someone .
 Love being able to connect to any of the TiVos in my home from any one of them . It 's a great product .
 Replaced my old Linksys 802.11 b and Compaq iPaq 802.11 b network adapters with two of these . Works great in both B and G environments .
 The TIVO wireless adapter timely arrived . It was very easy to install and the instructions were exactly on target . I was able to enter the security code in the adapter and it established a link almost immediately . Since that time all the data updates have been done via the internet . The phone line extension to the TIVO has been retired !! Great piece of equipment .
 A lot faster than the dial-up , once I got my router security configured correctly -LRB- nothing to do with the adapter -RRB- . Program guide and system upgrade downloads are now done in a fraction of the time . It also allows you to browse YouTube , and allows you to use other web enabled features .
 It took a few tries to get working but once it was up it has worked great . A huge improvement over the patch cable strung all over my house .
 Worked perfectly with my NetGear WPN 824 Router . Easy set up with WEP security . Once my Tivo updated it 's software , I changed to the WPA -LRB- higher secutiry -RRB- . Again , no problems with the adabter or router working together .
 There is little to say about this little item apart from the fact that it makes life with a TiVo DVR even easier and your connections and downloads much faster . Works exactly as described and is a total breeze to install . It looks very low profile and sleek and is small enough to sit anywhere -LRB- and disappear -RRB- in your a/v set up . Superb product .
 Device is good value , not overly expensive.Setup was quick and easy.Working without any issues since setup.So nice to be able to move TIVO to any location without worrying about where there is a phone line or network cable hookup . Broadband connection adds extra functionality to TIVO , although have not made a whole lot of use of the extras yet .
 This is an excellent product for anyone with a wireless network . I use to have to wait forever for my downloads to finish . Once I set this adapter up it takes longer for the system to prepare for download then the actual download . Another plus is that it does not tie up your phone line when it does the downloading . The set up was straight forward and took about twenty minutes . Make sure your TiVo software is up to date if you want to use the WPA2 encryption . Overall an excellent product .
 The products works as described . Great connection with my computer . Very easy setup.Amazon 's price was the best that I found.I would definitely recommend this product
 I have now used the adapter for almost a month and it works great . I fully recommend this product .
 Very easy to setup ... just worked out of the box . Good reception downstairs from my router that 's upstairs . Previously had an old DLink wireless B that would often crap out . This one worked flawlessly thus far .
 The Tivo wirelss network adapter works better than I thought it would . Very good product . I am going to purchase a second as soon as I get a chance .
 This wireless adapter truly is plug and play . After simply plugging the usb device into the back of the TIVO the setup screen immediately appeared on the TV . Within a couple minutes I was up and running with no problems . My only issue is not really with the device , but that TIVO has made their HD boxes to only work with this wireless adapter instead of allowing for the use of less expensive 3rd party adapters .
 I was shocked at how quickly and easily I was able to set this up . It literally took five minutes . I ca n't believe I waited this long to get my tivos on my home network . Highly recommend !
 I have two tivo boxes and I had been trying to get both of them connected to my home network wirelessly for quite sometime . I heard about these adapters from a friend and decided to give them a try . Previous adapters I had used would never sync and the Netgear adapters that were recommended before did not support the WPA encryptions of my wireless network . So I decided to give these babies a try . Not only was I able to keep my WPA encryption but the signal strength and consistancy was improved also . I am completely satisfied with this purchase and would highly recommend it 's purchase
 The Tivo USB network adapter is great . It was as simple as plugging it in and going to the setup options in order for the device to be detected .
 Buy it . Buy it . Buy it . It is worth every penny . Literally plug it in , it detects your network , put in your password for your network , and you 're off and running . I 've never seen a product work this well . Seems you always get something and it has bugs or problems ... NOT THIS ONE ! They got this one absolutely perfect.Why do you need it ? Well , the phone line with TiVo is a pain ... ties up your phone line and takes FOREVER . Also , you can use so many more features when you have the wireless adapter . Namely , Amazon Unbox downloads and managing your TiVo on your computer . I use both of these A LOT !! Getting the movie downloads is so cool and for a very great price . So much better than fiddling with DVDs . Or if you prefer renting , it is so much easier than the movie store or even the mail order subscriptions!Definitely worth every penny . Stop thinking about it and just buy it !
 After wrestling with other wireless adapters , I finally gave in and bought the TiVo brand wireless network adapter . I did a bit of searching and found the best price on Amazon.The process was quite easy . Open box . Plug adapter . Place stragetically according to location of router . Find your network . That 's it.Overall , totally worth it . Great product .
 TiVo does make it easy to get your DVR on your home network , and it has that special style that just screams TiVo .
 After searching for someone to write a review that definitively states that this works on Tivo Premiere , I decided to just take a chance and try it for myself . I can now post my findings . Yes , this DOES work on Tivo Premiere -LRB- aka Tivo Series 4 -RRB- . Despite Amazon saying that this is for Tivo Series 2 & 3 , I can now confirm that this works on Tivo Premiere with a Wireless B/G network . It is much cheaper on Amazon than through Tivo or other electronic retailers.Now Tivo Premiere has pissed me off by only accepting the Tivo Wireless Adapter - others wo n't work -LRB- at least not yet -RRB- , as they did on previous Tivos . And you need to use either one of these Tivo Wireless Adapters , a LAN cable , or purchase an adapter to turn a phone line into a LAN line . Not too happy about that , but this Wireless Adapter works very well so far - I 've only had it running for about an hour now . It does seem to get the signal much better than a different adapter used on a different Tivo in the same spot . So basically I am happy .
 Before I decided to go wireless , I had 5 TIVOs -LRB- yeah , 5 -- everyone in the house has one -RRB- . They were wired together via a 100Mbs switch and also connected to the Internet via cable modem for updates . I replaced my old 8-year old UMAX router with a new Linksys WRT54GX4 wireless-G MIMO router . It also had 4 wired ports , which I tried first , and they worked OK.The problem was that a few of the wired TIVOs took forever to transfer programs to another TIVO for viewing , even after I swapped out to the new router . If I started a transfer from those TIVOs , and then started to view it on the receiving TIVO , I would often have to wait for the receiving TIVO to get more , as the playback was way faster than the transfer.So I replaced the wired connection to one of the problem TIVOs with this TIVO certified wireless solution . Now I can transfer a 30-minute program in 8 minutes . And this is from the TIVO that is 60 feet away , behind 4 walls . Signal strength is between 68 % and 75 % , which is outstanding for the distance and obstacles.I highly recommend this solution for your TIVOs , if you do not have a wired solution and do n't feel like pulling cable through your house . Yes , it is a bit costly , but at least you will not be punching holes in your walls . It should also be backward compatible with wireless-B routers , but I can not vouch for that . Also , it supports WEP encryption , but not WPA or WPA2 , so that might be a security drawback if you have a high level of paranoia.Setup on the TIVO is automatic ; once you plug it in , the Series 2 TIVO will automatically recognize it . Configuring it might be a wee bit of a problem ; so you should read a few FAQs on wireless networking if you do n't know what you are doing . I did n't know that much about wireless , but it only took me a few minutes to figure out . Your milage may vary . Heck , if you have a wireless router , you are probably smart enough now to get it working in no time .
 I did a quick experiment with my TiVo , comparing the performance of my NETGEAR 54MBPS Wireless B 2.0 -LRB- Model WG111 -RRB- adapter with a brand new TiVo Wireless G Network Adapter . It had been suggested that the TiVo adapter contained some wireless encryption offload hardware resulting in big transfer speedups.Conclusion
 Works like a charm , fast and easy setup . . your network will be more complicated and take longer to setu than this simple little adapter . . once hooked up and into the tivo guide , you get to see all your neighbors network names . . and their unsecured setups ha ha !! i bought it thru amazon . . and am buying a 2nd one now . . i figure they are 3 bucks more but with free S&H ; , no tax , it comes out a bit cheaper than all others and cheaper than buying it on the tivo site.only drawback to me is . . this little thing is just too damn expensive , no matter what way u slice it . . that 's why i gave it 4 starsthe `` tivo2go '' is a service automatically avail to series 2 users . . u just download the program . . i 'm using it now just to test it . . so far it 's super easy to use . . for testing i 'm transfering a 30 min show -LRB- that 70 's show -RRB- to my pc . . when it started it said it will take 1 hour 15 mins to transfer ... so we shall see if it really takes that long ! -LRB- and this is on fast connection etc -RRB- just make sure you have a secure network setup on your pc because it 's just to easy to access your neighbors pc 's and tivo service : -RRB-
 we have 3 tivos all wireless with this awesome tivo branded adapter , we can transfer shows back and forth to each unit at 3times + normal air play time , we love it . no more waiting to transfer signal we received with our b linksys adapter that i gladly tossed out . ca n't wait for the dual tuner tivo model TCD649180 now offer on amazon but out soon . also gon na pick up a new series 3 tivo high definition unit out later in the year . GO TIVO
 Tivo does n't have a lot compatible adapters -LRB- go figure -RRB- so to save yourself the hassle of researching , just get this one . I did a lot of research but had a lot of trouble finding compatible adapters.Setup was a breeze -LRB- about 5-10 mins -RRB- and the functionality was great . Once you 've set it up , you never have to touch it again and you can start enjoying all of the features that you 've been missing out on by using a phone line . Online scheduling is a great feature , as well as TivoToGo . If you have a CBS Sportsline Fantasy Football account , you can check it from your Tivo on Sundays!The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the security . It does not support WPA , only WEP . So if you are currently using WPA to protect your network , you will need to reconfigure everything just to get your Tivo adapter to work . If you already use WEP , then this is no problem but a little more compatibility with today 's vast technology options would be nice . You should not have to be limited to one security setting to accomodate your Tivo.UPDATE
 The tivo network adapter was easy to setup . I got it to work in 5 minutes .
 When I bought my husband a new dual tuner Tivo box for his birthday , I broke down and ordered the wireless adaptor with it . We had previously had a verrry long phone cord going though 2 rooms to hook the box up , which was unsightly and annoying . Now we have this teeny tiny adaptor that works great , is easy to install and adds so much to the already terrific Tivo experience ! I moved our old box to my studio and HAVE to have an adaptor for it as well . Highly recommended and a must-have for all Tivo users !!! -LRB- It 's a little less expensive here than at the Tivo website , but still a bit pricey . Is it worth the price ? YES !!!
 It was easy to set up this adapter ! I only had one problem which was solved by entering the MAC address from my wireless router at one point -LRB- sorry , I do n't remember exactly when I entered it ! -RRB- . It was also easy to install Tivo Desktop on my iBook ; although it 's not as convenient as TiVoToGo which is available for Windows , it 's cool to be able to listen to my music and look at my photos on my TV . If you have any trouble , the Home Media Features guide , which you can download from Tivo.com , was very helpful.I was pleasantly surprised by the construction of the adapter itself . The base is quite heavy , with a brushed stainless-steel-like finish . It seems very well-made , and it looks great on the shelf.I 'd definitely recommend this to anyone with a TiVo and a wireless network !
 I bought 2 of these for my Series 2 DVR 's . I have a 52 ft.long , 2 story house . The 2 TIVO 's are located at the extreme ends of the second floor , and the router is located in the center of the first floor , so we 're talking about a 25-30 ft. distance thru ceilings and walls . There 's a great signal to both wireless adaptors.I 'm not a networking expert so I had a little problem setting up the network with these , but I was very impressed with the TIVO customer service . They solved my problem in a few minutes .
 Do n't cheap out and buy one of the other brands . This is easy to hook up and reasonably fast .
 Good product , kinda pricey but works much better than having the Tivo plugged into a phone line .
 works well but only worked with wpa2 after the tivo box was updated with the current service pack .
 Works as stated FAST , EASY , Just do it ! Idiot-proof click , click , pop , ding your done ! What more can you ask for ?
 I purchased this TiVo product to avoid any issues with an older TiVo unit -LRB- Series 2 -RRB- ; my prior USB wireless adapter for this unit was a D-Link , which worked fine most of the time -LRB- the system would sometimes drop it and would require reconnection to detect -RRB- . So far , I have had absolutely no problems with it , and the performance has been flawless . The design has an Apple-like flair to it , and I actually like the way it looks . It could be just a tad smaller , though . Would recommend it .
 Very happy with purchase ... took a little longer than it was suppose too ... but okay with that , as it finally got here . Might have been because of Thanksgiving Week delay .
 I love the wireless feature . Great if you have ditched the landline and use your cell phone .
 Switched from land-line to wireless for my Tivo with this item and had no problems . Tivo automatically detected by Wireless network and I was hooked up after just a few minutes . It is small and easy to hide in my electronic cabinet .
 The setup for this product was so easy and the signal strength was n't bad either - 88 % signal strength on average . I think this is a whorthwhile investment for anyone who owns a Series2 Tivo - unless you happen to have a wired connection where your Tivo box is , in which case , the onboard ethernet controller works just as well . This wireless card worked perfectly fine with my encrypted wifi network at home and from unboxing it to completing the setup took less than 5 minutes !
 Before this product I had to plug into my phone line way across the room every time my Tivo data was running out . The Tivo wireless system has allowed me to not worry about plugging in the line or risk tripping over it as it took hours to download . The setup was surprisingly easy and I have never had any problems with it connecting to my wireless system or downloading the information .
 I wanted to upgrade my older TiVo-compatible 802.11 b Linksys wireless adapter to 54g to get faster transfers between my TiVo Desktop , so , at first , I tried the IOGear 54g USB wireless adapter which I already owned , but it seems that TiVo has made sure that its box will only work -LRB- or work best -RRB- with its own branded wireless adapter -LRB- its website says that the AG0100 is the only one that will support WPA security -RRB- . If you can get past their marketing extortion and bite the bullet , this attractive adapter works like a gem . I have the popular Linksys Wireless-G broadband router and configured it to use WPA2 security . While the TiVo website only mentions support for WPA for the AG0100 , I did not have an issue with compatibility . I simply plug it in , entered my network password , and it connected with a strong signal .
 Works like a charm . Plug it in and go . Only thing that stinks is that hte Tivos now require this wireless device , and you can not use any other one . As for this device specifically , no probs .
 We ordered 2 of these for our 2 series 2 tivo 's and so far , we have not had one hitch in the system . These are super easy to install , they pick up the network quickly and they have worked well so far.i recommend spending the extra money to buy the Tivo brand . it 's more money , but less hassel and more satisfaction .
 A very NICE device indeed . Easy setup with a long USB cable . A true must have for anyone who wants to be cut free from cables , and have a network setup with your computer .
 As soon as I plugged it in , the TiVo unit recognized it and started the setup . I entered the appropriate info and unplugged the pesky phone line . Now , in addition to schedules being downloaded wirelessly , I get all kinds of cool PodCast style shows , downloaded and saved for me to watch at my convenience . I 've also pulled shows from the TiVo to my computer and burned them to DVD to make more space on the TiVo . Highly recommended .
 I bought this item because we have a Voice over IP phone and we could n't use the phone line to connect to the Tivo service . With this , its all automatic now . It 's just great !
 The product is working great ! The service was excellent ! No complaints at all .
 The Tivo Branded Wireless Adapter is a necessity if you want to use WPA-PSK Wireless encryption on your home network . However , it did provide a slightly better connection than my old USB wireless adapter did .
 When we converted over to Time-Warner digital phone service , we could no longer connect via the wireless modem jack . so , we hooked this up to our Linksys WRT-300N Wireless Broadband Router and it works like a charm updating Tivo all the time plus a bunch of extras . Good Price -LRB- less than the Tivo website -RRB- & quick delivery .
 I absolutely LOVE not having to use my phone line anymore , especially since I recently moved it to a room without a phone jack ! I just set up a wireless network in my house , so this was the perfect addition ! I can download recordings to my computer and transfer them to my iPod . Downloading to my pc is slow , but I just set up the transfers and walk away .
 I Plugged it in and it worked ! First I tried another adapter & it did n't . Get it !
 The TiVo Wireless G USB Network Adapter works great with my Series 2 TiVo DVR . It eliminates the necessity of using a phone line to connect with TiVo for updates . It was easy to install and worked immediately without problem . I have n't yet tried to program the DVR while away from home , but I 'm looking forward to utilizing that great feature of this product .
 This network adapter has worked perfectly with my Tivo and easily connects to my 802.11 g network . It 's a bit pricey , but worth it .
 This is a great wireless device . The only thing that gave me a hard time was trying to connect it . I had to go into my Wireless router and change the settings from WAP to WEP encrytion . But once that was taken care of , it worked great .
 I got this for my daughters Series 2 Tivo and it works great with the 8.2 software update . I wanted WPA support and this was it . Why do you have to sacrifice security for convenience ? You do n't with this little puppy .
 Great product , works extremely well . My modem is in my basement and the adapter is upstairs . I get an 85 % signal strength . Highly recommend .
 This TIVO Network Adapter is the ONLY way to go to set up your TIVO . I have my TIVO in my bedroom set up with one of these and my computer is at the other end of the house . I have a Linksys wireless router on my computer and this USB works perfectly !! I have two walls in between the wireless router and the TIVO in the bedroom and it connects to the TIVO service every time . Do n't waste your money on other USB Adapters , I did and I had a very hard time getting my previous USB adapter -LRB- a linksys USB adapter -RRB- to connect to my network . As soon as I hooked up this little baby to my network ... BAM ... I was connected . You will not be disappointed with this USB . Trust Me !
 I was prepared to be disappointed , nothing ever works as easy as the reviews say that this does ... After all , hooking up to the phone service is harder than that ... This little unit is everything promised , I just wonder why they do n't just build them into the unit and charge the extra $ 45 . I would have gotten this the first day I had TIVO if I had known how much easier and effective TIVO is with this wireless adaptor.If you have a wireless network at home and TIVO , you need this little treasure .
 Heavy contruction , actually made of brushed metal , no slip foot to sit on top or in the cabinet without moving around , asthetically pleasing , nice pliable cable -LRB- not all stiff and kinked -RRB- , worked quickly with absolutely no set-up -LRB- I moved the Linksys adapter I was using to my other TiVo -RRB- .
 I bought this product specifically for use with my new TiVo Premiere , but before setting up the Premiere , I connected it to my TiVo Series 2 to sync my Season Pass Manager with the web . Within 5 minutes I had the wireless network up and running on my Series 2 . It worked great ! And then once I had the information transferred , I connected it to my TiVo Premiere and it 's working terrifically ! The instructions offer pictures for assistance in set-up . No complaints !
 I decided to try TiVo Premier -LRB- 2 yrs @ $ 20/month -RRB- rather than buying a $ 300 HD DVR . I looked at a few options in the $ 20 range but I could not find any reviews confirming that they would work with the Premier . I ended up ordering this `` G '' adapter for $ 36.39 and it was able to connect without any problem to my Linksys WRT54Gv3 router .
 I bought the wireless adapter to pair up with Tivo Premier . Talk about piece of cake ! I took the adapter out of the package , plugged it into the USB in the back of the Tivo , ran the wireless setup and was up and running . Just be aware there are two versions of the adapter ; one for wireless A/B/G and the another for N.
 I bought the TiVo wireless G network adapter two years ago for my Series 2 TiVo . Since then I have retired my Series 2 and began using this adapter with my TiVo HD . It is an attractive adapter and has worked flawless for me . I just purchased a new TiVo Premiere and was going to buy another wireless G network adapter for it . Then I came across a TiVo press release announcing a new TiVo wireless N network adapter coming in May 2010 . So I will be holding off on my wireless adapter purchase until then . I do n't know if the Series 3 TiVo will be able to take advantage of the increased wireless speeds or not , but I have read that the TiVo Premiere will . I do plan on keeping my current wireless G adapter for my TiVo HD .
 This wireless adapter is a must have for a series 2 or 3 Tivo . Setup is very easy . Once you 're connected , your Tivo will update itself at least every hour without having to tie up your phone line . This is great if you like to schedule your recordings while you 're away from home with a computer or cell phone . The network connection also opens up a ton of features that otherwise are not available like picture and music sharing . You can access your photobucket account , download movies on-demand from Amazon , and even order a pizza straight from your Tivo . It 's definitely a worth-while purchase !
 This worked right out of the box and created a wireless connection for Tivo HD as well as a network for my computers . It permits me to transfer programs to my PC computers -LRB- via Tivo 's Desktop 2.7 software -RRB- and watch them there if I do n't want to tie up the family TV set in the living room . Transfer speed is roughly matched to the broadcast transmission itself , so you have to wait for your program to show up entirely at the networked computer .
 My Series 2 TiVo has a Netgear USB 802.11 b network adapter plugged into it . It has always worked fine , though it looks nothing like the TiVo and has an awkward little antenna on top.The AG0100 Wireless G , however , costs less than the Netgear item did four years ago -LRB- no surprise there -RRB- , but more importantly works seamlessly with my TiVo HD . This device opens up like a clamshell-style cell phone , and quietly becomes part of the `` TiVo '' zone.TiVo TCD652160 HD Digital Video RecorderThe two indicator lights were actually useful with my first HD , which had a defect related to its hard drive . Sometimes TiVo would hang up in the process of downloading network content ; when this happened , one of the lights would remain off , indicating that it was time to unplug and reboot . -LRB- The replacement TiVo is working fine . -RRB- Even though the 802.11 b adapter is working fine on my older TiVo , I 'm considering replacing it with the AG0100 -- it 's the last slower-speed device on my network . At this price , it 's worth considering .
 Length :
 I bought this Wireless G Network Adaptor because my Tivo would not be near a phone jack but found it to be a much more than a replacement for a phone line . First of all , it is very easy to install using the Tivo menu . Installation consists of picking a network from a list of available network that the device `` sees . '' Second if your network is secured you have to enter the WEP code using the TIVO remote and your are ready to go wireless . It gathers all the information for selecting programs to record and the plus is it allows streaming movies from Amazon -LRB- which I have n't used so far -RRB- and Netflix which I have used on several occasions . Streaming from netflix provides a very nice picture -LRB- not Blue Ray quality but nice -RRB- . Right now netflix has about 12000 movies and TV series shows available for streaming . My home network is based around a Linksys G wireless router and my internet access is via Qwest DSL at 1.5 ghz . The streaming works flawlessly every time with this minimal setup . I highly recommend this adaptor .
 I have both a Series 2 and a Series 3 , each has a WUSB11 Wireless-B Adapter . They are painfully slow and only adequate for program information updates.The Series 3 replaced our cable STB , and eliminated access to our cable provider 's on-demand content . I ordered the TiVo wireless so we could use more online content -LRB- YouTube , Amazon rentals , etc -RRB- . Installation was fast and simple and TiVo included a USB cable . Opening the package took longer than actually connecting the adapter.With the faster wireless , downloading movies is a breeze and program updates happen in a flash . This works so well , I might order another for the Series 2 . Downloading content on the Series 3 is a lot faster than before . Having the TiVo wireless also enabled home networking features that I did n't have before . I can move recordings from the 2 to the 3 -LRB- and standard definition from the 3 to the 2 -RRB- . For the price , this adapter can not be beat . The Tivo adapter is hardware-based where virtually all wireless G adapters out there are software-driven . This is why off-the-shelf wireless G adapters wo n't work with TiVo -LRB- same for most Linux distributions -RRB- . This is stylish and hefty little gadget that can be proudly displayed instead of tucked inside an entertainment cabinet .
 I switched from using a Linksys wireless b to this adapter . Easy install and very noticable difference in connection strength and transfer speeds . Highly recommend . It would help if it was ten dollars cheaper but still worth the change in performance over older adapter .
 Works great , no problems and the price was better then at the store .
 I have 3 tivos and only one wireless G . The G one is so much better then the b ones .
 You always read about how easy tech items are to install or setup . Although I had read that most people found this a breeze to install , I went into this with great hesitation . To my great relief I found that it was indeed easy to setup and get working within 10 minutes.The rest is even easier , just sits there and does its job in networking with other TiVo 's in the house . Just wish it was a little bit cheaper !
 I waited and waited to buy this product thinking the phone cord would do just fine . But , I got a little extra cash and took the plunge . I would never think of going back . This made the whole process much simplier and allowed me to move the TV to the right spot in my home without worrying about outlets , long cords or the plug in phone jacks -LRB- which , btw , were a headache to deal with -RRB- . The only problem I 've encountered is getting the music library to recognize the correct library on my Mac . So far , it keeps recognizing only a subfolder . Otherwise -- I highly recommend
 I bought this adapter to work with my Series 3 TiVo . I took a chance , since the page only says Series 2 . It works perfectly . Setup was a breeze.It is great being able to schedule recordings online now !
 This adapter worked right out of the box . I plugged it into my TiVo and it found all the wireless networks in the area . I connected to my network on the first try . It makes it remarkably easy to store recorded shows in my laptop to watch when I 'm not home . It also allows me to download content such as music and pictures to my TV/stereo system . Highly recommended !
 I bought the Tivo USB network adapter at the suggestion of Tivo customer service to eliminate any possibility of hardware compatability that might arise with other adapters.I have a DSL line hook up for my computer with a 2WIRE network adapter and the installation and set up for my new Tivo was effortless . It removes any need for a separate phone line connection at the Tivo location.It has been working error free now for 6 months , reestablishing connections perfectly , even after two power outages .
 Does It 's job , might be a bit over priced , but saves drilling holes through floors and walls or having cables on the floor . Worth it to me .
 pluged it in and it worked with no tinkering . a little on the pricey side but you get what you pay for .
 This is the second Wireless NIC that I tried with my TIVO . The first was a good name brand , but was a recent product . It would n't work without loading a CD driver , which you ca n't do with TIVO . The second was the TIVO brand Wireless NIC , which fired up and had no issues at all . Works great . Much better than the dialup from TIVO . Updates in a couple of seconds now . My WAP is only about 40 feet so I ca n't speak to the range , but it works at that distance like you had wired it into the internet.I have had no issues with it since installation and it seems to be a well made product .
 my tivo modem got zapped in a lightning storm and made my 6 month old tivo useless . i bought the wireless adapter and was able to connect to the tivo service through my home network , at an even faster rate than through the phone . this thing saved me from having to buy a new tivo unit , and apparently I can send my programming wirelessly through the house with it and schedule recordings online . this thing rules !!!
 I bought this USB wireless adapter , because Tivo home network was really REALLY slow . This adapter was definitely more reliably consistent in speed.The reason it gets 4-Stars is that it still takes longer to transfer a medium quality show than the show actually runs.At least the `` unable to connect '' for schedule updates has now stopped happening .
 I originally bout a netgear adapter because it was a little cheaper than the Tivo adapter . I had nothing but problems with the netgear . Poor signal strength -LRB- 33 % or less -RRB- and frequent lost connections -LRB- a few times per week on avg -RRB- . I put up with it for about a year or so before deciding to try the Tivo adapter . I read some good reviews , but was still skeptical . Not any more . It worked great right out of the box , much stronger signal -LRB- 90 % -RRB- and after nearly one month , it has n't lost it 's network connection even once ! This was definitely the way to go .
 Basically , you 're better off buying this product than any other wireless usb for your TIVO . The connection was very simple . The TIVO recognizes the hardware immediately . And in less than 5 minutes , you 're all set .
 I tried several different -LRB- cheaper -RRB- wired and wireless adapters before getting this one for my Tivo S2 . Sometimes cheaper is not the answer . This one works the best and was easiest to set up . Been using it for months now without any problems . It does get a little hot though .
 The Tivo adapter worked the first time I connected to my TIVO . Speed is just as good if hard wired .
 Worked perfectly as soon as I plugged it in to my Series 3 Tivo . It is about 75 ' and 3 rooms away from my wireless hub .
 excellenct purchase , i would definitely purchase again from same seller.thank you
 Simply plugged it in and it worked just as the directions stated . Only problem I had was trying to remember the wireless security password for my network .
 Tivo is fabulous - we all know that ! But , this Wireless Adapter is almost too easy . Literally , you plug it in and you 're done . Your Tivo will recognize that it 's been plugged in the USB in the back and ask you if you want to change your settings to wireless . It 's all done for you !! Within 2 minutes I was listening to music & looking at pictures from my computer - on my TV ! No more telephone cord running thru the house to my tivo !
 Plug and play ! Switched over from my old DLink 802.11 b adapter to the speed of 802.11 g . The new adapter also allows the TiVo box to support WPA and WPA2 encryption .
 It works as advertised . It is unfortunate that Tivo does n't support as many G class wireless adapters as it did with B. I 'm hoping that they come out with an inexpensive 802.11 N adapter so I can transfer shows to and from my Tivo at better rates .
 TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series2 & Series3 DVRsthis works great!We purchased from Amazon and saved almost $ 30.00 it was $ 60.00 at Radio Shack for same exact thing .
 This little gizmo works as promised . It 's great if you want to transfer shows from one TV to another in your house . You can also download programs to your laptop providing you have TiVo to Go Plus . I 'll never get stuck with another clunker of a movie on an airplane again.It took me a little time to figure out that in the `` setting up '' stage of connecting your adapter , you were n't supposed to enter the router 's password but rather the complicated encryption key .
 i love this little thing . now i can sync up my home computer with all of my music , home videos and pictures on my big screen tv . and amazon had it to me within a week !
 I bought this because my phone line was too far from the Tivo box . I ran a very long wire from my Tivo to the phone jack and only plugged it in when the memory got low . We were always forgetting to plug it in . This product keeps you hooked up to Tivo everyday . If you have two or more Tivos it 's a must ! You will be able to transfer shows between all the Tivos . The price on Amazon is amazing , they were half the price of my local stores .
 This wireless network adapter will let your TiVo do lightning fast schedule downloads . Communicate with your network to transfer recorded programs from one TiVo to another on your network or download movies from Amazon . On screen signal strength meter will help position it for the best signal . Well made and extremely easy setup make this a winner . Definate compatibility and snappy good looks make this the network adapter of choice . Amazon 's great pricing made me a believer . Some people have had compatibility issues when trying to use non-TiVo brand adapters , why take a chance when this unit is hassle free .
 With TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter you can now experience all 100 % of Tivo . It 's as easy to use as just plugging the cable in , no need to install any additional software . You can transfer any recorded programs into your computer or schedule recording online , plus many extra features that Tivo offers . Thumbs up !
 This adapter works great with my series 2 DVR , transfer speeds are more than adequate to stream and watch from my series 3 .
 The wireless adapter works great . This is my second adapter and I have had my first one for 2 years without any problems .
 I would like to thank tivo for making such a easy to use product , after having a Tivo series one since the time tivo started i have had to use a phone line which was very slow . But after having to buy a tivo series 2 -LRB- being my old tivo 's modem died and was replaced and died again -RRB- This little Wireless adapter is great , no more phone line , fast and i mean fast downloads of the program guide , and super easy setup . just plug it in and go no problems at allThanks TIVO !!!!
 I was so thrilled with the easy of use for this USB product that I ordered a second one for my older Humax TiVo . I had previously conntected my Toshiba -LRB- w/CD Player -RRB- to the wireless router for my broadband network . I now have all three TiVo connected where they can `` see '' my router and now no telephone connections . This product worked immediately upon connecting to both my new HD Tivo and my very old Humax . i really enjoy the capability to transfer recordings from one TiVo to another because of the wireless connections .
 Amazing quality looks great and works perfect with my tivo the only downside is that you could never use it with a computer as a usb wifi it is for tivo only .
 The product definitely does the job , but the best signal strength that I get is 72 % . Not exactly what I had hoped for . But it 's much better than the alternatives out there .
 This thing is just flat `` Plug & Play '' . Not one problem with installation or operation .
 It works like a charm . Well , it wo n't work over the more secure WPA encryption , but it works great with standard encryption.My complaint
 The modem had died on my series 2 TiVo and I was looking for a reasonable repair . When I found the possibility of a wireless adapter , I went for it . It works great right out of the box . I am convinced this is a great way to deal with a dead modem on a TiVo and at a very reasonable cost compared to trying to repair the modem which would have entailed sending it by mail and waiting and then hoping that the fix would work . The wireless adapter was the painless cheaper quick way to a good fix !
 Worked great , right out of the box . Just plugged network adapter into Tivo using included USB cord . I would recommend not putting it in a cabinet . -LRB- I tried a few arrangements , but once put it on top of my entertainment center , immediately got better reception . -RRB- Go through Guided Setup , select your wireless network from the list of networks in range , input password if needed , and that 's it!Of course , you have to set up a wireless network before the Tivo can connect . Had a little trouble with my Linksys wireless router ... it must be in `` accepting new clients '' mode in order for the network to show up on the Tivo during Guided Setup.So if Tivo is n't recognizing your network , try moving the adapter for better reception . If that does n't work , check your router 's guide , as it may have to be in a certain mode for initial setup of a new addition to the network , like mine . But do n't worry , once it 's set up , you wo n't need to mess with it again . I 've had mine set up for over a month , and Tivo has had no issues connecting to my network .
 This was a breeze to setup . It gets great signal considering it is on the second floor diagonal from the AP which resides on the first floor . If you need to connect wirelessly to your TiVo , this is the device to get .
 This product simply plugs into the TiVo , and it works like a charm , utilizing TiVo ' z Internet capabilities including Netflix , Yahoo , YouTube , etc.Hopefully TiVo also will introduce a Wireless N as well as thie Wireless G adapter
 Works right away , no configuration needed ... . Just plug and play . Great price on Amazon too . Bestbuy sells this for twice as much !!
 I got the Tivo G USB in a timely manner and it was very easy to install . Tivo did most of the work , all I did was plug it in .
 I have purchased three TiVo adapters over the last few years , and the product simply works as promised . Plug it in and works the first time , and all three continue to work flawlessly . Absolutely perfect .
 I dont have to stay connected to a phone line , cutting the need for a phone line in my house . It was also really easy to set up , just follow the tivo 's step by step directions .
 I recommend this product because I love not having to have an ethernet going from my router to my tivo .
 The wirless adapter was easy to install , works like a charm and allows me to access features I could not before .
 Great product and the connection to Amazon on Demand is pretty fast . And no more TiVo hogging the phone line .
 This item is great . I had no problem getting it set up and running . The price was lower than at other websites .
 I was pleasantly surprised to just plug the unit into my Pioneer Tivo -LRB- replacing an older Linksys USB -RRB- and have it immediately start working . The speed is also faster than my older one . All around , good value too ! Recommendd .
 This product was in great shape and was rec 'd very quickly . I recommend doing business with this seller . Thanks .
 Plugged it into my TiVo2 DT , minimal configuration , and I have n't had to think about it since .
 When I replaced my wireless router -LRB- with the same brand -RRB- my wireless adapter would no longer operate . This was a router specified by TiVo , but not `` branded '' a TiVo adapter . So , in order to ensure my TiVo was not suddenly defective I purchased this router . Fortunately it works , but it does beg the question why my old one suddenly stop working .
 This product is a little more than you would expect to pay for a similar adapter , but the 100 % compatability with the TiVo is worth a little extra and it will always presumably be supported .
 The Wireless G Adapter works as advertised . I have n't had any connection issues and it was very simple to install , all you do is plug it into the USB port on the TiVo and then use the onscreen set up menus to configure it to your network . My wireless network is via a Linksys G router using WAP for security and the adapter found the network with no problem at all . A great alternative to Ethernet if your house is n't wired .
 Relatively quick , easy , headache-free way to connect your -LRB- Series 2 -RRB- TiVo to your wireless home network , enabling the use of such features as `` TiVoToGo '' & others ... like the ability to view pics from your pc 's hard drive on your TV monitor , listen to tunes from your pc 's hard drive , & even schedule recordings online when you 're away from home.It also eliminates the TiVo 's need for a phone line connection.Definitely a worthwhile -- albeit minor -- investment for all of the additional features it allows you to take advantage of !!
 We bought several wireless adapters at Best Buy and Target which were not deemed compatible with TiVo -LRB- very frustrating that the TiVo website was not more clear . -RRB- But , this one worked perfectly and was so easy to set up . Perhaps it 's TiVos way of getting you to buy their product , but it was worth it . Would definitely recommend getting it .
 Works perfect with my tivo and is able to connect to my wireless network without problems
 We have 2 series 2 tivo DVRa in seprate rooms . We were not ready to upgrade our boxes , but the wireless adadapters were a less expensive upgrade we decided to try . The adapters allow us to share shows between the 2 DVRs and our computer with the software from TIVO . Now we can tape different shows on each , but watch them wherever we want.Glad we did it . Easy to set up , just plug them in and enter the wi-fi password . took about 5 minutes .
 I really do n't need more than two words , but here goes : I plugged it in . Ran the setup and it worked.I was hoping that I 'd be able to stream shows from Netflix using this , but since I do n't have a Series 3 Tivo , I ca n't . But it does download the schedules just fine.Am pleased as pie .
 Could n't be easier to install - simply plug it in and it works . And , now I do n't have a cord dragged across my room or the frustration of having it not making successful daily calls.My only complaint is that it does n't seem to allow very fast downloads of HD movies ... but I 'm not sure how much that is limited by this versus my wireless network .
 It was inconvenient to arrange a telephone line access where my TIVO is placed , so I bought this wireless adapter . With the additional download and installation of the PC software , I can access media residing on the home network . This was not a driving reason for the purchase - just a nice extra.Installation and use of the adapter could n't be easier . It was nice to have something work first try.I can not rate customer service since I had no occasion to use it .
 Easy installation . Tivo has a rating of reception , and I could n't get it to go more than 50-58 % . But it still works .
 I purchased 3 TiVo Series 3 DVR 's for my 3 level townhouse and these TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapters pick up and transmit the signal without fault . I love these adapters .
 I 'm using mine in an all mac house so we have the latest Airport two transmitter Air Port Extreme . I followed all the steps in the initial Tivo setup and connected the adapter to the Tivo . It quickly recognized my network . Once I entered my password I was in business.I live in a two story log home . My wireless base station is in the basement at the other end of the house and I get a 75 % signal ; so even though I have a lot in between the Tivo and the base station . And my experience has been very good.I would n't hesitate to recommend this adapter to anyone with a Tivo ; I 've used the phone connection method and I would not go back to that.If your network is properly setup you should n't have any trouble at all .
 For the price , you ca n't beat it . It would cost about as much to buy an Ethernet cable and have it installed and run through the ceiling and walls -LRB- unless your connection is already in the same room -RRB- , and it 's less messy than putting holes in your walls , and you can move it anywhere.I already had a wireless router in my house . I was upset that my Tivo would not accept my Belkin USB wireless adapter , but I got over it.The first time I tried watching a Netflix instant movie using this Tivo wireless adapter , the playing stopped every couple minutes to load data . I determined it was because of a weak signal . I moved the wireless reciever from its original location behind my Tivo to the top of my entertainment center . That move increased the signal strength from 75 % to 95 % and put an end to the movie pausing . If you look at the Diagnostics link on your Tivo , it tells you the wireless signal reception strength . You may have to play with different locations to get the best signal . Try to not have any electronics between it and your router .
 I 've had nothing but problems with my TiVo since I moved , and it was clearly my phone line . I spent countless hours trying to figure out what was causing problems , much of it on the TiVo website . Everyone suggested trying this , but being so technologically challenged I was afraid it would n't work . I got it very quickly , opened the box , read the simple instructions and voila - perfect connection and reception ! Wish I 'd tried it a lot sooner and saved myself the grief !
 I bought this to use with the Tivo HD DVR and a Linksys SRX wireless router . The router is located about 25 feet away from the Adapter.This adapter was very easy to set up , and works very well . Streaming Netflix `` watch it now '' movies to the TV works really well , and with `` HD quality '' .
 Great not having to run any hard wires to get broadband to my Tivo . Downside might be streaming videos . Not sure in the long run if I might need to run a Ethernet cable if I start streaming more videos in HD .
 I plugged it in -LRB- with the usb port -RRB- and forgot about it . It has worked perfectly from that moment on . I have not had to reboot/unplug , etc. . . Why ? because it has worked perfectly from the moment I plugged it in . Easy .
 I was n't sure if this adapter was worth it when I purchased it , but it definitely is ! It picks up the wireless signal very easily and it allows you to transfer on demand video from your computer to your dvr , and vice versa .
 It 's a Tivo product so the UI is simple and straightforward . I had no problems getting it to work with my home network .
 This wireless adapter is the only one that worked right for my Tivo . I had bought one at Radio Shack of a different brand and it did not work at all . But the TiVo Adapter was easy to plug in and set up . I have been able to watch online movies through netflix and now I do n't need to plug in the ethernet cord to the modem/router .
 Could n't be any happier with how this functions , and the setup was as simple as it gets .
 I love this !! Before my husband and I purchased this we had our Tivo connected by a land line . When we found out that we could go wireless with Tivo we canceled the phone and got this little gadget . LOVE IT ! We have had no issues with Tivo since going wireless . Do n't buy this in the stores , get it online . I paid about half the price for the antenna on Amazon than I would have at a electronics store .
 I was very pleased with the ease it was to use Amazon . When I received the item , I did not scrutinize it . When my friend went to install it , he noticed a burned hole in the package similar to a cigarette burn . I do not smoke . I asked Amazon to replace the cord which was burned as well but said that they would replace the complete adapter but my friend used my camera wire to install . Amazon did give me credit and if my installer had not already installed the adapter with my camera cord , I would have replaced the complete set.It would have cost me more to have my friend come back to install it again .
 I tried many other adapters for my TIVO but this is the only one that gave me excellent reception .
 This thing works as advertised , what more can you ask for ? It was easy to set up , keeps our tIVo updated and eliminated another cord -LRB- I hate cords ! -RRB- . I would definitely buy it again .
 This is the only adapter that works with Tivo and supports WPA2 encryption with AES , which is why it gets five stars in my book . I had some trouble getting it to see my router , but I think it was an interference problem , so that does n't count . It 's been working great for several days and has n't missed a beat downloading program information . It does a pretty quick job transferring programs to my PC through Tivo Desktop too.If you do n't want to bring the rest of your network down to the pitiful WEP encryption standard , this is your best bet -- and , let 's face it , your only option . 59.99 at this writing on Tivo website , so get it here on Amazon.UPDATE
 I opted to for the Tivo branded adapter because I really did n't want to deal with the hassle of incompatibilities with other network adapters . I got the Tivo Network Adapter , plugged it into my new Tivo and it just worked . I have a wireless network that is run by a Apple Airport Basestation . I had the older 80211 . b version but just got the Airport Extreme Basestation -LRB- G version - not the N -RRB- because I wanted Unbox transfers to load up faster . The network adapter worked great with both basestations . No problems . I do n't run any encryption so that may help for the easy set up . I just use all my devices MAC addresses to allow access into my wireless network . Works great . I have my MacBook , Tivo , Nintendo DS , and Nintendo DS Lite all on this network with no problems .
 I have never had a single problem with this . I would highly recommend it for your wireless TIVO . Small , very easy to place out of sight .
 This adapter works great . My only problem is with TiVo itself as they basically require you to buy the TiVo adapter in order to connect to your network . Had tried a D-Link wireless adapter previously but it would not work with TiVo . They have a list of approved adapters but it is hard to find the exact models of the ones that will work.Other than that , it works great . It 's nice that I can download shows to my PC and watch there or even transfer them to my iPod .
 I highly recommend this product versus using your phone line to receive Tivo info . It 's reliable , easy to set up and easy to use .
 Easy to connect to my system with good signal quality to my router . Instructions were very easy to follow . Works great and also looks good .
 Prior to using this gadget we strung a phone cord across our living room to connect our older model Tivo , several times a week . The only thing you really need to know before you buy this product is that it is not WPA compatible , you must set your network for WEP instead . Do n't know what I just said ? Check out the configuration of your network , and I hope it becomes clear .
 This makes Tivo so much better - not only can you dump the phone line and get rid of one of the many cords behind your TV , but setting the Tivo up to your computer network allows you download TV shows onto your computer -LRB- and then onto your iPod , but it also gives you new things to do on your Tivo , like games , pictures , etc. . I absolutely love it and I wonder what took me so long to get one .
 I believe that this is a necessary purchase for all TiVo owners . Now there is no need to have to hook the TiVo up to a phone line and there are many new features such as TiVo Unboxed , weather , music , radio , and photos . I would definently reccomend this product !
 I bought the tivo adapter for my husband and it is great . It was considerably less than in the stores and was brand new in the box .
 This allows you to use all the miscellaneous tools on a Tivo that other DVRs do n't have . It gives your Tivo box great connectivity and a wide range of use .
 Worked great - all we had to do was plug it in ! No problems going through setup , and the USB cable is long enough to position the adapter wherever is convenient .
 This adapter works very well and I 'm very pleased with it . My only gripe is Tivo forcing you to use it with their newer models .
 This product is great-so much easier than trying to wire everything . We have three of them !
 Plugged it in and my Series 2 DT popped up a config screen , entered my WPA password and I was good to go . Simple set and good range .
 Makes TiVo networking a snap ! I tried several other adapters first , only to find that none were compatible . -LRB- That cost you a star , TiVo ! Yes , I consulted the hardware list ... -RRB- This item is well-made and attractive as gadgets go . For ease of setup , I highly recommend this adapter .
 I 've owned this adapter for a month , and it works well . I have n't experienced any problems , to date . I was a bit skeptical when ordering it because it was approximately $ 37 on Amazon , but it was $ 60 - $ 64 everywhere else . So , I thought , `` uh oh , this may be some used item , '' but it was new . I 'm happy . You will be too .
 Product was just what I wanted and was easy to install . Paid almost 1/2 what it would cost in local retail store . Was new and delivered quickly .
 This adapter is perfect for my Series 2 DT Tivo box.Setup was effortless and now I can connect to my Tivo Box online . It 's great !
 I have to say . . I am so enjoying my Tivo service thanks to the uSB wireless adapter . Without it I would not be able to watch or have Tivo service
 I recommend this to anyone with a Tivo . Totally worth the money , I ca n't imagine not having this on my system .
 Tired of the cat5 laying around the living room , this was a cheap and easy fix . Highly recommended , worked right out of the box .
 Product was easy to setup using the enclosed instructions . Works very well with my TiVo unit . Would strongly recommend this unit to other TiVo owners still using a telephone connection .
 Cheaper then buying it from Tivo . Works great . Was new in box . I bought it for the used box I bought . Stuff transfers much more quickly.I recommend this adapter.The seller shipped quickly and I recommend them . I got what was advertised for a lot less .
 This was perfect for old Tivo box . None of the other recommended adapters were available in the store . This does the job .
 Its great , brings WiFi to old TIVO 's and it works perfectly , if you need to have the wireless access , highly recommended , get rid of the cords , just wish it wasnt so expensive .
 It was what I needed to connect to a home network . I did n't have to run a cable and it is working fine . The seller communicated well and the product came when they told me it would .
 Been installed for over 6 months now and has never had to be rebooted/reset or otherwise reinstalled . A very good product .
 I needed a new wireless adapter as my old one could n't handle the security protocol on my network . This adapter works perfectly and was effortless to set up .
 I bought this item in Decemeber 09 , and just the other day -LRB- 7/24/10 -RRB- , I finally was able to get it hooked up and working exactly as it is supposed to work . The problem was n't the unit as it arrived very promptly after ordering in new condition as advertised , -LRB- original packaging -RRB- , and it seemed easy enough to hook up . Plug it into Tivo , follow the Tivo Central instructions , and all should be hooked up . I tried for hours to get it to work with phone calls to Tivo support and DLink support , and just gave up in utter frustration.As I said , problem was not with Tivo wireless hookup , problem was with third party network management software -LRB- Network Magic -RRB- . I had tried , when I first got the item to hook it up with help from Tivo support , but everytime I got to entering the security key/password , -LRB- one step away from completion -RRB- , it always said unable to find network even though it always found the network , by name , earlier in the process.During my second attempt -LRB- 7/24/10 -RRB- to finally get this hooked up , the Tivo support rep. mentioned I needed to call my DLink support and get the key/password to enter . I had gone through this before , and knew the DLink call would cost about $ 40 since the support period had run out long ago . It struck me then that I had Network Magic network management software , and asked if that could be the issue . Tivo does n't support that software and the rep. told me to call Network Magic and ask them if there was something blocking my connection.After getting off the phone , I checked Network Magic software and found a `` Network Lock '' selection that I disabled and was immediately able to connect to the wireless Tivo . The `` Network Lock '' prohibited any other device from entering my network , but it also kept the Tivo from making the final connection . I did call the Netork Magic support a few days later to confirm that disabling , then reenabling would not cause any furter disruption to the Tivo connection . I was told once in the network , stays in the network.Hope this helps someone out there cause I spent several hours trying to get this item to work .
 If you have a wireless connection at home , you need this now . basically , you plug and play - and enter your wireless network 's password - and you will never worry about updating your TIVo again . Great reception - I have my wireless box upstairs and on the other side of the house , and the TIVO wireless receiver downstairs and on the other end of the house
 Great adapter . It was very easy to set up . I just plugged it in , and it found my wireless network right away . I just entered my password , and it worked . The price was also much less than I have seen elsewhere . Free shipping was just the icing on the cake .
 Purchased this in 2006 for a Series 2 Tivo and have n't had to replace it -LRB- knock on wood ! -RRB- Have used it everyday since I got it and still worked when I switched Tivos to Series 3 . Easy to configure with new wireless systems , , too . Cheaper than Tivo sells it.Note
 For the last month or though , my Linksys wireless adapter failed constantly . After weeks of repeated troubleshooting , it finally died - leaving me TiVo-less . However , this wireless adapter worked immediately . Resolved my issues , connects from anywhere in the house and I could not be happier .
 This adapter was quick , easy and simple to use . It 's actually my second Tivo adapter I purchased for my second Tivo machine . Now both Tivo machines are able to `` talk '' to each other . I constantly transfer recordings from my bedroom Tivo box to my living room Tivo -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- all the time .
 I 've bought two of these TiVo wireless network adapters in the past few years -LRB- yes , I have TWO TiVos in my home ! -RRB- and they both have worked great straight out of the box - no difficult set-up , no reception problems , etc. . Highly recommended product , and Amazon sells them for a great price !
 All I did was plug it into my TiVo and that was it . It connected to my secured wireless network flawlessly . I get great signal and the adapter is downstairs in the family room . My Netgear RangeMax Duo Wireless N Router is upstairs in the office.I had my TiVo connected thru an Linksys adapter and had nothing but problems . The TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series 2 and Series 3 DVRs is absolutely worth the money ... and I saved a few bucks by going thru Amazon instead of TiVo .
 Excellent out-of-the-box experience
 I 'm so glad I got this ! I hated having the cable running from my Tivo to my computer -LRB- which was in another room -RRB- . This was very easy to set up and use !
 We have Tivo and need some help with this adapterOur Son in Law installed for us and it has not been given us any problemThanks for this !
 Bought a new N router so had to replace the USB adapter for our Tivo 2 . Decided to just go with the Tivo branded product to ensure highest success rate . Product worked right out of the box . Hooked it up and had to go through the setup but not a big deal or unexpected . New adapter was not recognized immediately until I ran the setup , then no problems and it 's been running fine since . Product also shipped within 2 weeks and arrived before Christmas !
 I got this after previously having my TiVo hard wired to my modem . My new set up did n't allow that so I needed an adapter . I just plugged it in , set up my wireless network and was good to go ! Easy !!
 This is the final piece that makes our TiVo the solution to our TV viewing . Picks up the signal from 30 feet away .
 This product works as advertised.It allows you to download TiVo information from the Internet and avoid having to use a telephone line .
 I was live within about 5 minutes after I plugged it in . Super easy setup with my Tivo Series 2 .
 Not too much to say about this adapter . It does what it 's supposed to . Sure an N adapter would be better but even the G is over priced .
 i liked this product because it speeds up the dial in process and does n't get interrupted by the phone line . I would recommend this product to anyone who is tired of having the dial in process interrupted .
 LOVED IT PRICE was great ! Everything was like new or extremely good quality and have had this for some time and everything still working like a charm ! Thanks Amazon !
 This is the second Tivo wireless G adapter I purchase . This one works as well as the first . I love my Tivos .
 If you 've got internet and you 're still using telephone lines to update your TIVO it 's time to switch . The Tivo wireless is as simple to set-up and use as the TIVO itself ; it 's actually way easier . My phone line went digital and I had to switch and oh am I so glad I did .
 If you need to have wireless due to cable restrictions AND you have to have TV guide info this works great with Tivos that have a USB port . -LRB- some do n't -RRB-
 We moved our old Series 2 TiVo to a location in the house that did n't have a wired ethernet connection readily available . The TiVo AG0100 network adapter was a painless way to get the network to it . Just plug it in , enable it in the menu , select your wireless network , and give it the password . Just like things are supposed to work .
 The one thing I dont understand is why Tivo still will not have a wifi receiver pre-installed when you buy it . Since they do n't though , this accessory is perfect.I own three Tivos and have one of these for each , there really is no alternative to it.At my vacation house , the phone wiring will not work with dial up for Tivo for some reason . However using this I connect no problem . Additionally at my primary residence I have one on both Tivos which has a couple of great features .1 - If you have two Tivos , each with one of these attached , you can transfer recordings between the units , which is really nice .2 - Through Tivos mobile website you can program recordings from anywhere .3 - You can cancel your home telephone!These little units are really great , Tivo just needs to learn to have them come pre-installed with the units !
 Works just great . Just plug it in and adjust your network settings . So If you have a old tivo dvr recorder like I do , then it is nice to go wireless and use the unit in any room .
 Great item . Makes my TiVo much easier to use as I do n't have to connect via a phone line .
 My wireless router is in my basement . My tivo is on the 2nd floor of my house . It worked great .
 I had no trouble setting it up and my Tivo has been working great . I forgot that it 's even there ; what more could you ask for ?
 This unit was very easy to install and it easily connected with the wireless in my home . The download speeds are a bit slow , but I think my wireless network is to blame for that . There are cheaper network adapter options that Might work with the Tivo , but I am glad I just went ahead with the Tivo branded unit , since it made the installation so streamlined .
 My Tivo HD detected this adapter immediately and the setup took about 2 minutes . My network uses WEP encryption and it worked perfectly . I ca n't opine on the range because the Tivo is in the same room as the access point , but when I move the Tivo upstairs I will update this review .
 Previously , TIVO only offered the Wi-Fi dongle in wireless a-b protocols for their old generations DVR boxes.I was happy to find that they now have the wireless g dongle available for better speed and data transfer.Setup was simple as with the previous dongle and it 's nice not having to run phone line or an extremely long net cable to remote parts of the house.I have two of the TIVO wireless g dongles and they both work like a charm . I 'm extremely happy with this product because of the company 's reputation , customer service , and convenience .
 We bought the Tivo wireless g network adaptor when we bought the Tivo from their website . We had an older Tivo that we were able to put just a regular network adaptor on , and this one from Amazon works so much better . The signal strength is near the top of the graph . It works great .
 Just like the others , I hooked it up and within seconds we were online . I have n't had to do anything else to make it work . I would highly recommend this over the phone line hookup ! Never has gone down and is a breeze to set up !
 Super easy to install and get up and running . Works like a dream . Highly recommend this item for your wireless home network .
 The Tivo adapter is so easy . All you have to do is open the package and plug it into your tivo and your ready to go -LRB- just make sure you change your tivo settings -RRB- . Great product
 I love the TiVo wireless adapter . No more long telephone wire connecting my TiVo with the phone line . Now I can transfer my saved TiVo recordings to my wireless computer and/or my husbands TiVo and I can do the transfers in the reverse direction . It is a great product !
 I got this for my TiVo series 2 box so I could use a better method of network encryption other than WEP . Worked great for that . It 's heavy enough that it does n't fly around like other plastic type devices . Seems to be a bit expensive .
 Product works just fine . Easy to set up and install . Directions in box were simple and clear . I had to go to the Tivo website to get a more detailed set up , as my Tivo itself was not properly hooked up , but between the website and the instructions in the box on how to hook up the wireless , it was everything I needed . -LRB- I 'm a woman , btw , and I did this by myself -RRB- Within an hour , it was ready to start recording .
 this product was easy to install and works fantastically . It is like having Comcast or Wide Open WEst in my bedroom ; it totally enhances the Tivo experience beyond telephone connection ... I 'm computer connected , TCP/IP , yeah baby !!!!!
 I just updated to the Mac Airport . I bought two wireless adapters for my two TiVo 's , and they are working great , and has updated my TiVo experience . This is a must for TiVo owners . It was vary easy to install . -LRB- My only problem was that I did not remember the pass code that I set up for my Airport . But that was my fault . -RRB-
 I read on TiVo 's website that this is the only adapter approved for the new TiVo HD . I asked for and received the AG0100 USB Wireless G Adapter for Christmas and the installation did not even require a look at the instructions . Just plug it into the TiVo and it works . The biggest problem I had was with my home network . Since I set up my network to allow only wireless connections from known MAC addresses I had to shut off MAC filtering , allow the TiVo wireless adapter to connect , then turn filtering back on while allowing connections from current devices . The adapter itself has worked flawlessly . No dropped connections at all . The price is not bad either .
 Recently bought the Tivo AGO100 wireless adapter . Plugged it into my TiVO HD-XL recorder . Followed the on-screen instruction to connect to my home network/internet . Just worked out of the box . Less than 10 minutes to get connected and start using the network services -LRB- able to stream netflix movies and other features -RRB- . I also plugged it into my old Tivo Series 2 recorder and it also worked . The price was lowest on Amazon and ordered a two day Amazon prime delivery . Amazon surprised me by delivery it one day ! Great service andgreat product so far !!
 Radio shack does n't even show these on-line anymore . you must find one in the store . I got 2 at 2 different stores . still , for $ 10 , I just saved $ 80-100 . Yahoo!
 I have used this for 4-5 years now on two units . It 's been a while since I bought them , so I do n't know exactly how long it 's been . I 've gotten rid of my phone line and am exclusively internet , so these were a must . Running cable throughout the house is not an option as far as I am concerned , and I use the connection for Amazon rentals , Netflix , and other downloadable content , as well as the regular updates , and have never had a problem with them . They 've worked great for me . I 'm just about to buy one for a gift too .
 If you have a TiVo -LRB- series 2 or 3 -RRB- and a wireless network , you will love the added capabilities this brings . Program downloads are much much faster than with the phone connection . The access to downloadable content is fantastic . I have an Apple network and setup was extremely simple and fast . All I had to do was enter my network password and TiVo did the rest . I use with Netflix and it was a snap too . I 'm use it on my TiVo HD but I 'm going to buy another one for my old series 2 for the expanded capabilities between the systems . I 'm kicking myself for not having gotten one sooner .
 Not much to say . You just plug it in and it works . Simple to set up and use . I recently upgraded my Tivo to a HD Series III . I was dissappointed that I could not use the network adapter that I previously used with my older Series II Tivo . The newer Tivo support for network adapters are limited .
 Unless you have an Ethernet connection to your living room , this Wifi dongle is essential . There have been a couple of times when Tivo lost its network connection , but re-inserting the USB cable did the trick . Configuring it with my wireless network was quite simple . I sometimes stream Netflix instant watch titles which play well on my 3 Mbps DSL connection .
 The Tivo Wireless adapter enables your Tivo to connect to your home network and update program listings via the internet . Once enabled you also get the extra Tivo features such as Amazon movie downloads and for the series 3
 Another great TiVo product , just plug in and go . Anyone can figure this out . No problems since I got it 2 months ago .
 the wireless adapter was easy to install and works like a charm . I have had no problems with it what so ever .
 The product does what it says . I am certainly not a tech guy , and all I needed to do was plug it in the back of the TiVo and flip the thing open and it was working . No phone cords running across the living room floor . It also has great range because I am in the basement of a pretty big house with the router from the computer upstairs . Plus , it was cheaper and quicker than buying the thing any place else .
 Great product , I have n't had any problems with my Tivo not being able to connect to the internet . Works great if your wireless router is in your office , no long cables to deal with . Excellent invention .
 I got this product because we went wirless for our phone in our home & then realized that it would affect my TIVO !!! That was just unacceptable !! Life without TIVO ... come on !! This adapter works GREAT !!! Very easy to use & picks up signal very well !! Very glad I purchased !
 Setting up the security for this device on my home network was a pain , but it does work without a hitch after that.It 's very nice not to have to run extra wires to your TIVO ! , And the price was way less than retail stores .
 I have 2 TiVo Wireless G USB adapters and both work great . One on a TiVo Series 2 and the other on a Humax DVR400 . One upstairs , one downstairs ... both get great signals and provide fast transfer speeds for TiVo to Go and Unbox . Simple setup . Great product !
 Adapter very easy to install and worked immediately . Keeps TiVo up to date with no user intervention . Also allows connection from any PC with Free TiVo Desktop software .
 Product was easy to hookup with TIVO , but sensitive to location and setup quirks . Now working great , but is not plug n'play like some might want you to believe .
 To get the most out of your Tivo - this is a must
 This is a great adapter for your TiVo . I was using another adapter for my 2 Tivo 's one from DLINK and one from LINKSYS . I thought I was happy with my internet connection . After buying a TiVo adapter I was shocked it was @ 2 or 3 times as fast as my old ones . I immediately bought one for all of my TiVo 's . Great price too !
 Do n't forget the Tivo Wireless G USB Network Adapter . If you already have broadband internet access with a wireless network , you can transfer shows between your Tivo box and computer or laptop . The deal from Amazon saved me about 70 % over the full retail price offered on the Tivo website . Get it , you wo n't regret this purchase either !!
 Great item when you ca n't get a cable to your TiVo . Hook it up and configure for your network you 're on line . I forgot it 's back there since I configure it . Cheaper here than at the Tivo Site .
 The Tivo wifi adapter works like a charm , no idea if others work as well , reports seem to indicate if you want full fucntion , use this one , I ca n't argue as it works . Yes , it 's a bit pricey , great price at Amazon , but it sure appears to be a quality piece , it 's heavy , well finished , and even has indicators on it to show status and activity .
 Having your Tivo hooked up using a Wireless adapter is wonderful . I wish we would have done it a LONG time ago !
 Bought two of these for my two new Tivo HDs - Did n't want to bother with wired ethernet . Functionally , these work just fine - I plugged them in and they found my Belkin wireless-G router without problems . Signal strength for one is about 88 % Excellent -LRB- it 's 10 feet from my router , through a floor -RRB- . The second is about 78 % Very Good -LRB- about 30 feet from router through multiple walls -RRB- . I improved reception on the second one from about 68 % by experimenting with its position -LRB- Tivo gives immediate reception status updates -RRB- . These have a nice brushed metal look and good weight - so they stay where you put them . They seem to have a green LED when on , but it 's subtle and not an issue in our bedroom . Tivo2Go transfer speed is about half the length of the show -LRB- a 1 hour show takes about 30 minutes to transfer to my computer -RRB- . Network connectivity is a big step up from telephone access in my old Series 1s .
 This item works exactly as it says , just plug it in and the TiVo recognizes it right away . I bought a different brand before checking the TiVo compatibility chart , and it did n't work .
 I purchased this after upgrading to a `` N '' router . The wireless adapter I had for Tivo no longer worked . This was a flawless installation and has worked perfectly in the month since I have used it .
 We bought three of these and put them on our Tivo 's . They are great ! I was having my TiVo service updated through my telephone and it was costing me as much as $ 33 a month . We installed them to connect to the TiVo Network and now it is downloading without the charge . There are other benefits that were not available to me when it was updated by phone . I highly recommed this product for updating your TiVo service .
 We purchased this because we were tired of Tivo taking over our home phone line . This adapter was very easy to install , and within 10 minutes it was programmed and ready to go . Very pleased with the product and delivery .
 This could not have been easier to set up . Just plug it in , type in your WiFi password and it starts working immediately . If you have a TiVo without an ethernet card , this adapter is right for you .
 This was really plug in and use it Easy install . Works great!Price is good too !
 I had no idea how much I needed this adapter until I got it . I can not imagine keeping my Tivo up to date without it.I highly suggest that anyone who owns a Tivo and a wireless router to get this . It is wonderful and just makes life that much easier .
 No complaints - and setup was very easy . This is worth the slightly higher price than supposedly compatible wireless devices ; I tried one of the `` tivo compatible '' devices and it did n't work .
 Another great Tivo product . Very easy to hook up . Adds so many new features to your Tivo . Well worth the money . At least $ 10.00 less than the big electronics stores . Shipping was very fast . Thanks Amazon .
 Get rid of the phone lines and tying up the phone . Faster and easier connections.I look forward to Tivo Desktop being fully functional for Series 3 systems to take complete advantage .
 Tried a number of tivo-approved wireless routers with no luck . Finally broke down and bought tivo 's adapter , which of course worked immediately . Lesson learned
 Its very small and much cooler-looking than in the picture . For some reason the picture makes it look big and geeky , but it is actually really small and slick looking . It works wonderfully was a very strong antenna . The only reason it lost a star was because it was expensive for what it is . Although its a good G adapter , its still G. Not N. For double the regular price I would like to get double the speed . However overall its very good .
 I really like this little wireless G USB . I was using the same phone outlet for internet and Tivo and was having to unplug and update TIVO every two weeks . Using this wireless adapter I never have to unplug and run update it automatically does it . It is real little and does n't take up much space and EASY to connect and start using .
 I have enjoyed using the wireless TIVO adaptor . I is so easy and I no longer have 20 feet of phone wire strung across the room .
 Recently bought a HD Tivo unit . The problem came to be that there was no landline phone jack anywhere within the vicinity of the Tivo location.You see , Tivo needs a phone connection in order to update its software and download weekly television schedules.I went out and bought one of those wireless phone jacks which worked for a few months and then slowly died . I needed to find another way for Tivo to connect to its data source in order to do the necessary download it needs.Enter the Tivo AG0100 Wireless Adapter.I did a lot of research on this unit prior to purchase and was happy to find an overwhelming amount of very satisfied owners . Of course , there was the small handful of people that said that this thing just did n't work for them . I took the gamble and purchased this unit.Setup to completion took under 5 minutes . Simply hook the usb cable into the rear of the Tivo unit and the small AG0100 antenna unit.Once the attachment is complete , Tivo automatically senses the connection and walks you through the setup process . If you have a secured WEP network all you need to do is enter your password and the connection will be completed.On the rear of the AG0100 you 'll find a little light bar that measures the strength of your connection . I was very surprised that at the complete opposite end of the house on a lower floor that signal strength was at maximum.This is the perfect way to solve the problem of not having a landline phone near your Tivo unit .
 I have two of these and they are definitely the best accessory to get for any S2 or S3 TiVos . My connection is quite faster and more secure now because it supports WPA encryption and offloads some of the processing from the TiVo . Other adapters for the TiVo -LRB- S2 , dunno about the S3 -RRB- only support WEP encryption , which is utterly insecure -LRB- and lame , to boot -RRB- . Before I had these adapters -LRB- I was on a WEP/802 .11 b network -RRB- , it would take 40 minutes to transfer a 30 minute program . Now , it takes 10 minutes . I can watch it and still be able to FF through commercials pretty much as soon as it begins transferring . : -RRB- The S3 TiVos do n't allow transferring , which does slightly decrease the extreme awesome-ness of the TiVo and usefulness of the adapter . However , this adapter still allows you to use WPA on your network and helps out the TiVo with processing.This is a must have for your TiVo .
 What more do you want ? After trying a few others on TiVo 's list of working adapters to get g speeds , I gave up . Yes , this TiVo branded adapter is more expensive than other g adapters but it works right out of the package.I know it 's the Linux OS blah ... blah ... drivers ... blah ... blah ... check the serial number ... blah ... blah garbage that can get a working g adapter for less money , but it 's just not worth the hassle . Buy this one and be done with it.4-stars for quality and function . They lose a star for the higher price than the competition .
 I just bought this the other day to use with my wireless network and I dont have alot of knowledge in hooking things up and I had no problems . It adds ALOT of value to your TiVo providing you with free internet radio stations and exclusive web content , you can also listen to your music and view your photos from your pc through your TiVo . If you already have a wireless network and a TiVo then this is a MUST HAVE item ! I am totally satisfied .
 Easy to setup without having to read the manual -LRB- haha -RRB- and works great without having to worry about compatibility problems .
 I bought the Tivo Wireless G USB Adapter to go with the new Tivo I purchased . As most , I do n't have a network connection near my TV . During the setup of my new Tivo , it asked me if I had a network connection , I connected the Tivo Wireless G USB Adapter and entered in all the appropriate information to connect to my secure wireless Linksys router and it connected without a hitch ! Easy and I recommend to all .
 Just in case there are readers considering the new TiVo Series3 HD box , this TiVo Wireless G works with it too . Mine arrived today and I plugged it right in and in less than 5 seconds , the Series3 had it installed . Very slick the way that TiVo wireless install process works !
 I purchased this item from Amazon for $ 45.00 each ; Much cheaper than at a retail store like Best Buy for $ 64.99 + tax . I even did the amazon credit card to get $ 30 off my first purchase . That made the deal even better . Once I received both adapters I hooked it up to my living room Tivo and within 5 minutes it was ready to go . I plugged in the adapter and Tivo recognized it immediately . I had to answer some basic question along with keying my network password and that was it . Simple !!! I then connected my 2nd Tivo and 5 minutes later it was ready too . I down loaded the software from Tivo website to my laptop and with in a few minutes all three where tied together . I can download shows to my laptop . -LRB- That does take a while -RRB- . From the living room I can view what shows are available on the bedroom tivo and transfer show to the living room . Once you start the transfer process you can start watching the show . Having you music & Pics available to view or hear on either Tivo via the laptop is awesome . It opens up a new set of options that I did n't know where available . Movie show time , purchase movie ticket , weather info , games , movie trailers . A must have if you have two Tivo 's . You can get a Dual Tuner Tivo from there website for $ 30 with shipping . Great deal !!! Tivo.com
 I have two of these ... one for my living room TiVo and just could n't resist getting a second for our upstairs machine . Works perfectly and setup is simple . We have Macs and they immediately saw my Airport Extreme and connected .
 This adapter has worked beautifully and I have not had any difficulties with set up and usage . The price on amazon is the best by far as I searched around looking for the tools for my wireless network .
 I had absolutely no problems getting this device going , it worked without a hitch . I 've been using it for months now without any glitches . I was able to get rid of my home phone and even stream mp3 's and photos to my tv through my wireless network . If you have a tivo then I highly recommend this product .
 What a fantastic device ! No more messy wires , lines running around your entertainment center . This device works like a charm ! Have never had a problem or a complaint . Set up in 5 minutes . For years the phone line kept me from getting TiVo ... going wireless finally made TiVo possible in our home .
 This is a great way to hook up to your home network . I really enjoy being able to view pictures from my computer on my TiVo . Same goes for songs .
 The directions were very good , but at the time I bought it , the adapter did not support WPA encryption . Later updates by TiVo have corrected this I am told , but I have not had the time to revert from WEP 128 back to WPA . The unit was readily identified by the TiVo box and allowed me to convert from dialup to wireless updates with an easy to follow on-screen guide .
 It was very easy to install the Tivo Wireless G Usb Network adapter . I did have some problems hooking it up to the wireless , but that was my fault . It is now working great . It is so small most do not even see it .
 I 'm glad I spent a little extra for the TiVo adapter instead of the bargain price generic of-the-shelf network adapter . Absolutely no problems and works great !
 I 'm not very good with electronics but even I could take this out of the package , plug it in and make it work with no problem .
 Before buying this I was connecting to Tivo through the phone line . There was always some reason I couldnt connect or lost the connection during the call . It became such a headache just to get up to date programming . Since I purchased and set up this adapter -LRB- cheaper then at Tivo -RRB- I havent had to do anything to insure its connection . It connects everyday with no problem and I have never run out of program information or recieved a message that I had 48 or 24 hrs of info left . Great to buy if you have Tivo or are thinking of getting it .
 Have a Using with Apple Airport Extreme which is an 802.11 N -LRB- with B/G compatibility -RRB- router . Using WPA2 security I had problems getting a connection . I googled a solution and it was to set the password to something EXACTLY 13 characters long . I am using it with a series 2 , but have installed 2 others in tivoHDs for a family member using an older DLink router using WPA . BTW . . security hint for you non-techies . . do not use WEP security on your wireless routers , use WPA or WPA2 ... and if you are not using any of these , god help you .
 I have a Mac G5 dual 1.8 . The adapter found my dlink router and network instantly and has worked without a hiccup since .
 Nothing fancy to report . Its a usb wireless-G router , and , that is what it does . I bought it for my second Tivo because with my new Airport base station I was able to run higher security modes than my old wireless-B Linksys could do with the Tivo .
 The set up was painless and quick and there have been zero issues . It makes updating the TIVO MUCH MUCH MUCH faster . Much better than a phone line to be sure !
 I have a Series 2 Tivo , and before getting this wireless adapter , I 've tried several other ways to connect it to my home network . I 've used two USB wired ethernet adapters
 Having never dabbled much in wireless connectivity for a computer , much less for my Tivo , I was a bit nervous when we moved to a house where I could n't connect my Tivo directly into my router . All of my online research also indicated that the Tivo was pretty finicky when it came to wireless connectivity.With that in mind , I bypassed other wireless bridges and bought the Tivo version . I ca n't say for sure that the other bridges would n't have worked , but the Tivo one works nicely . I was pretty apprehensive , but I just plugged it into the back of my Series 2 Tivo . I just had to change a setting on my Tivo and enter my WEP -LRB- or is it WPA ? I can never remember -RRB- password . Bingo - everything worked like a charm.It was easy - as easy as electronics stuff SHOULD be but never is .
 This is the best thing TIVO could have done for you . I was dismayed when I got Tivo b/c I do n't have a land line and do n't plan on getting one . With this nifty contraption , you do n't need one ! You do need either DSL -LRB- phone line -RRB- or a Broadband -LRB- cable -RRB- connection . It is 100 % worth it . And buy it now before the price goes up !
 works like a charm ; automatically detected by my Toshiba DVR ; WEP setup was a breeze ; from the moment I opened the box to being online was less than 5 minutes
 Works fine with little to no configuration or setup . On a tivo it works right out of the box .
 I have previously given up on using the USB port for my series 2 TIVO , it was a nightmare trying to link it with your computer . Finally , TIVO came to the rescue and my PC automatically recognizes the device . Now I can record movies in my TIVO and transfer them to my PC for burning into a DVD or watch later allowing me to have more space for other programs such as soccer , tv series , etc. . Words of caution , even though this is a great device , you will still need to do a few steps first before you can really enjoy the show . First you need to log in TIVO website and enable you Tivo for transfers , also you need to input the media key number which is provide by TIVO 24 hrs after you enable this feature then you need to write down in TIVO-to-go software after you download it , otherwise you can not transfer anything to your PC . I give this product 5 stars because of the cost , functionality , easiness to use , friendliness and finally because it gave the ability to use TIVO to the max , in other words , Now I can search for my favorite movies actors , titles , etc ; record them , transferred them to my pc and store them in my DVD library . A great buy .
 Had trouble with another wireless adapter so I bought the TIVO branded adapter . It works great and has been downloading all mh TIVO content with no problems .
 After reading problems with other usb wi-fi adapters I thought that the additional $ 15 -LRB- $ 25 for one obtained from CC or Best Buy versus $ 40 at Amazon -RRB- was well worth it if we did not have to hook up the TiVo to a telephone every night and IT was well WORTH it . Set up was easy and I have had no hitch for the past month . The router is upstairs 30 feet away and the signal strength is > 80 % . Unless someone has time to get the wireless adapters locally and tinker with it and return it if it does not function -LRB- what with the current gas prices -RRB- I would recommend getting this one . A better option would be using LAN link if the house was hardwired
 It 's great to have my phone line back for my phone !! This was so easy to connect , even for me . And at the best price I 've seen around .
 I replaced my old Tivo adapter because I purchased a new router . Thankfully , this adapter supports WPA2/PSK , so I do n't have to dumb down my network security anymore to support one device.Other than that , works as designed . Recommended .
 I have a TiVo Series2 DVR . I purchased this Wireless adapter to replace a Netgear WG111 . The WG111 did n't support WPA encryption , it only supports WEP which is less secured . Now somebody will ask why you want to secure your TIVO connection ? The reason is recently I upgraded a defective wireless router to a Linksys WRT54GL , and I wanted to use WPA encryption for my whole house , but because of my WG111 I could not , I was restricted to less secure WEP . The WG111 would not work under WPA and Tivo recommended to upgrade to a new wireless adapter that supports WPA . I noticed also that with the new adapter the signal is a much stronger . The setup was easy when following the instruction . I like the brush metal case finish , makes it look sturdy built . Get it at Amazon , best price on the net with free shipping .
 I bought this because I did n't want to fiddle around with uncompatible third party wifi adapters . It plugs-n-plays and configures easily . I was up and running with my Tivo in 5 minutes . I also want to complement Amazon . The first shipment was stolen from my front porch , Amazon sent another one no questions asked . $ 40 + free priority shipping + no tax is a Win in my books !
 Attach to your TIVO and it works very nicely . I have two TIVO 's so I can transfer between them both .
 This product works great . It is very easy to set up and once connected , is very effective . I 've had no problems with it whatsoever . I 'd recommend this over any other brand that merely `` works '' with TiVo . Since this was designed for TiVo , it 's seemless . Not only that , you do n't have to downgrade the security of your wireless network to get it to work . It seems that sometimes my signal quality randomly oscillates between `` Marginal '' and `` Good , '' but I attribute that more to the location of my router , not this device . For $ 40 , it may be slightly overpriced , but not absurdly so .
 I have had my Tivo for about four years now . Every two weeks I have had to plug a phone line into the box for updates . I could not just leave it connected because I had to run it from another room in the house . Needless to say this got old . I started looking at compatible adapters and none of the retail stores had any in stock every time I checked . I found Amazon had this one at a reasonable price compared to the alternatives.I connected the adapter to my Tivo right out of the box and it installed and found my wireless network . Plug and Play ! This was nice and easy !
 Great device , no phone line needed . would recoment this for any one that want wirless connection .
 works great right out of the box . Since there are a very limited types of wireless G adapters TIVO supports this is unit demands a premium price . But yo get the little TIVO guy on it !
 This wireless adapter works extremely well . I have used Linksys adapter with my TIVO , but the connectivity was poor and inconsistent . This device if very effective and looks nice !
 Works great . Saved me from the long phone cord I had to run all the way to the tv .
 To start with it was $ 20 less than anyone else . I had very little problem with installing it and has been working fine and have had no problems after installation.TomTom
 I was n't sure what to expect when I bought this adapter . I was thankful to see that it supported my long WPA2 passphrase . I was also pleseantly surprised to see how well-made the device is . The adapter has very sturdy construction . I also like the fact that the adapter is n't too large or bulky . It hides nicely behind a vase on our entertainment center . The wireless adapter is also amazing . It consistently maintains an excellent connection to my wireless adapter and has detected more networks than any of the other wireless devices in my house . All in all a great purchase .
 Nothing bad to say about this product . It 's simple to install and works great out of the box . Small and out-of-the-way , it nicely complements the TiVo and delivers much faster network speeds than the 802.11 b adapters some users may still have .
 Brings out the best of the TiVo . The Live365 music alone is worth it . Very easy to set up and use with my encrypted WiFi .
 This TIVO wireless is an outstanding addition to the TIVO set top box . If you have television service through a cable connection , the TIVO wireless adapter improves the TIVO 's ability to communicate with the TIVO network . It eliminates the need to connect your TIVO to a telephone line . I highly recommend this product .
 Product works as well as described , or better . Having your TiVo connected to the internet via home network makes all of the difference . Highly recommended !
 This is the second adapter we have bought . They connect wirelessly to our router and work just great . I highly recommend it .
 I canceled my home phone service so I HAD to get this device to update my TiVo ! Very easy to set up and it works great ! Amazon had the cheapest price I found anywhere .
 This product could not be easier to install ! I 'm always worried about setting up electronics , even when I read easy reviews , because you just `` know '' you are going to mess something up lol -- it 's not even possible with this ! 1 -RRB- Open box2 -RRB- Connect to Tivo -LRB- plug adapter into designated slot in back -RRB- 3 -RRB- Select your wireless network from list provided4 -RRB- When you are going through setup , enter your WEP or WPA address5 -RRB- Thats it!It also is incredibly fast - it definitely beats out a cat5 or phone connection 100x over . Definitely recommened . Right now , I know if you purchase a Tivo from Tivo.com - and you purchase the adapter from them , you will get 5 free movies from Amazon.com Ubox . However , the price difference is the cost of the 5 movies they give you -LRB- the adapter is $ 20.00 less on Amazon.com than on Tivo.com - so I guess you just have to decide which is the better deal for YOU -RRB- . Personally , I just purchased the adapter from here because saving the money upfront is the better deal to me !!! Tivo is awesome !
 I have been using this product for ... I think 2 or 3 years -LRB- on my TiVo series 2 -RRB- and have n't had a problem with it ! My wireless router is clear on the other side of the house and it works just dandy !
 For a Tivo 3 -LRB- HD -RRB- this is the only wireless product I could find that works.And it works perfectly from a distance and through walls .
 Works great with a home network . Buying it from amazon was awesome , especially since it was the same price of the non tivo wireless network adapters , i figured if I am going to spending the money get the tivo branded one . All you have to do is plug it into the tivo and the tivo does the rest . It even comes with a usb extnder cord so you o n't have hook it right into the back of the tivo . I took mine and have it hidden behind my tv . I figured it would get better reception outside the tv cabinet . I have never had a problem and transfer sppeds are great when using tivo desktop.worth the buy .
 This works exactly as expected and consistently . I 've tried it with various security settings and had nothing but good experiences .
 As far as I know this is the only option if you want to wirelessly connect your TiVo to your home network , but it does that function well . Easy to setup -LRB- if you remember your router password -RRB- and we 've had no connectivity problems since -LRB- our router is in a closet two rooms away and through at least 3 walls . -RRB-
 this is a must if you dont have a connection in the room where you have a tivo . simple to install and small enough not to be ` noticable ' .
 For months I had to stretch a phone cord across the room and download the TiVo schedule manually . Finally I bit the bullet and bought a wireless router and the Tivo adapter . Best investment I ever made.The schedule is now retrieved automatically , and I can even download movies from Amazon 's Unbox.Sweet .
 Plain and simple , you have to get yourself this adapter . I can access more cool stuff on my TiVo because of this . It takes up a lot of RAM but you know , my TiVo really does get me . If you have TiVo , you have to get this as well , it will be so worth it !
 This little guy saved my life ! Thought the tivo was dead when it could n't connect anymore . -LRB- turned out our building switched to a digital phone system -RRB- . When I read about the this adapter I was a little concerned that I would have to re-configure my wireless network to a lower security setting . Plugged it in , went right through the setup and it worked even with WPA2 security . Highly recommend this adapter for series 2 tivo .
 Had an older Tivo that I could n't network with my new network and older adapter tivo used to use . This fit the bill . Easy plug and play . Its compact enough to look good on my Entertainment center , and its been updating and connecting flawlessly . Would have been 5 stars but I think its a little overpriced considering how cheap wi-fi is nowadays .
 This is the second one that I purchased . I love it . I can see both TiVo devices and shared recordings between the two .
 I love this . It works just the way it is intended . Sorry I did n't get it sooner ! It keeps my phone from being tied up !
 After using a phone line and Ethernet cable for 7 years , I finally ordered the wireless adapter . It has changed my TiVo life !!! It was so simple to set up - literally plug and play . Beyond thrilled !!
 After contacting TIVO support to discuss our inability to install our second TIVO recorder on a second TV , I was skeptical . They advised us to get the wireless adapter since they felt it was the phone line connection that was failing us . Since long ago we had dial up internet service , I was familiar with it 's limitations and thought maybe this was the problem . We bought the adapter and it installed first try . We 're happy .
 I ordered it and it came in 2 days . works as promised , now I am totally wiresless and my tivo works great . would definately reccommend this to anyone using this service
 Very impressed with this adapter . Easy to use and quick to setup !!! Really expands your tivo viewing options and gives you the ability to transfer programs between boxes sharing the same network .
 I wasted time trying a different adapter with zero success . After doing some research I ordered the AG0100 which is the recommended adapter for the TIVO . I plugged it in and communication started immediately . Great product .
 The adapter was extremely easy to install . Purchased two so that programs could be transferred from one room to another . No more fights with spouse . We could watch our programs without interruptions .
 This is the second one I have purchased for my TiVos . It really works great and saves the hassle of your phone line being busy when TiVo is dialing out to update guide information . Would recommend it to anyone who has a home network and TiVo DVRs .
 When I ordered this adapter I was a little concerned that the `` G '' adapter would not work for me . However , after a few weeks of use , I do n't know how thw more expensive adapter could be any better . I never notice any lag in transfering videos .
 I 've used the Tivo wireless adapter for a couple years on an older box with no problems . I hooked the PremierXL and TiVo wireless adapter up and put the Tivo box 's MAC -LRB- Media Access Control -RRB- address into the router . I have to restrict my network using MAC addresses due to my location.Nothing happened , it could not find my network . Over and over .2 hours later I took the adapter off and looked at the bottom to see if it was the correct one . Well , what do I see there but a MAC address for the adapter . Duh.I added that back into to the routers approved MAC addresses-and it worked first time , right away.Lesson
 Quick delivery on these 2 wireless adapters let us install and get our TIVO up and running in no time . These adapters allows our two tivo 's to basically talk to each other . We can watch what is recording on one can be view on the other . Great reception as well . The TIVO people will walk you thru installation if necessary .
 The unit is plug and play . Once I had put in the codes to get past the security in my wireless network , it worked just as advertised . The transfer rate for video to my PC is a little slower than I had hoped for , almost real time for transfer , 50 min for 60 min show.The access to the photos and music on my PC is great and faster for the photos than I expected compared to the video download speed . Have to pay extra to be able to upload video from PC to TIVO . All in all worth what I paid for it . Great to have the TIVO schedule updates off the phone line .
 The Tivo wireless adapter installed seamlessly and quickly and works perfectly . As a result I was able to cancel my landline phone and save $ 25 every month . Plus , now I can download movies straight to my Tivo box . I love it !
 In-the-box instructions were typical TiVo , fun and flawless . Plugged in and running in minutes . Beats the heck out of running Cat5 cable all over the house .
 I have a toshiba media center dvr , which was connected with a phone line . I saw this at Amazon market plce and bought it . Very easy to setup . It was up and running in less than 5 minutesin my wireless network.Good stuff .
 I have purchased two of these items before . The first was from best buy and it was like 70 to 80 dollars . On amazon I think I got this for about $ 40 and the products are identical . Thanks Amazon !
 The unit works pretty well most of the time but sometimes looses wireless connection with my cable modem . My installation places the receiver one floor below the cable modem with about 60 feet between the modem and receiver . The best signal strength noted so far is about 40 % or less . Placement of the receiver can be critical , when I first installed it no signal was received from the modem and I had to relocate it higher in the room to get a only a minimal signal but it did work .
 Works fine but I wasted my money on it . Did not know additional service is required for multiple TiVo boxes .
 Network adaptor was an easy plug - and - play device to use . Setup was quick and easy . This product was used with my Pioneer DVR810H with Tivo .
 It fits snuggly in the back of the Tivo box . No problem with the set up . Just a great product that works like it 's supposed to .
 I have been hooked up to Tivo with a phone line for four years , and just got the wireless antenna through Amazon.com . The only thing better than what it does for my Tivo options , is the service I received from Amazon.com.I have made numerous purchases here and have not been disappointed.Thank you , Amazon.com , once again . Gilbert Tanner
 Setup was a breeze . It took very little time for the setup and recognition of the adaptor by my computer . It updates with the Tivo server and links to my pictures very well . I 'm going to link with my Rhapsody server tonight and do n't anticipate any problems . Anyone having Tivo should use it to it 's full potential by getting one of these .
 This product works great and we are happy to be able to use TIVO again . We did not have a phone line because of using cell phones . This brought this capability back to us . We are very happy . THANKS !
 This normally works exceptionally well and is easy to install . My daughter has two and it connects her 2 tivo units , so she can watch what is recorded on either one . Very cool . My router seems to be the problem because I ca n't seem to get mine to work . Will ask an expert to look at it .
 This is the second adapter I have purchased . -LRB- I have two tivos now . -RRB- It works perfectly , and also supports the safer encryption - WAP 2 . The only problem that I have had is that it did not receive well in my old house , where the transmitter was in the basement and the receiver was on the first floor on the other side of the house . My reception there said fair to poor , but it worked perfectly - receiving all the tivo information , and my recording requests from the internet . I would definitely buy this again .
 Works great . At first I was confused as to whether it would work on TiVo HD , but to my relief , it does !
 It was so easy to add my Tivo to my network with this wireless adapter . The Tivo recognized it immediately and allowed me to set up my Tivo in minutes instead of an hour . Also allows the download of movies and tv shows from Amazon Unbox . The family loves viewing our photos stored on our computer on the tv .
 I received the box , removed the device , plugged it into the Tivo and BAM ! Internet connection.I located my network , put in my passcode and I was watching YouTube on my TV in no time .
 I am very pleased with this product . I performs as expected . I can now program my Tivo Series 2 directly from my Dell notebook and if I overlap programs -LRB- or or try to over record -RRB- , I receive an email from Tivo advising me of the situation . The adapter is small and does not get in the way when using the computer .
 I got this adapter so that I could get rid of my land line , thus saving me $ 40 a month for something I really did n't use -LRB- aside from getting my TIVO programming -RRB- . So I 've basically recouped my costs in one month ! The installation is really just plug and play -- could n't be any simpler . Love it , saves me money , allows me to create a home network . I wished I 'd bought it sooner !
 I wanted to get a usb wifi adapter that I could use with the computer . Unfortunately , I could n't find a good solution . This was cheap enough , I just went with it.Works as advertised . Wish they had a wireless n solution . This thing slows down my network .
 Short and sweet . Had it working flawlessly for 2 weeks now . No problems at all .
 Quick setup , and I never have to worry about up-to-date info again ! HAHAHAHAHA
 I bought this item used on Amazon.com to save some money . I 've owned it for over a year and find it very handy . I own a large 61 '' HD TV which is on wheels . Using the wireless adapter allows me to reposition the TV anywhere in my living room without having to deal with moving a Cat 5 cable . The adapter has worked flawlessly for me .
 I plugged it in , and set my Tivo settings up and it worked with flawlessly the first time . The only thing I have a problem with is my signal strength because my wireless modem is at the other end of the house , but I do n't think that has anything to do with this product .
 Plugged it into the back of my Tivo HD . A screen popped up to complete the installation -LRB- enter home network password , etc -RRB- . It 's been working fine ever since . Wish I had connected my Tivo HD to the internet months ago .
 Install is simple recetion is good and removes the need for phone line . We have multiple tivos but can not transfer between devices because we aquired units from other people and tivo will not give us permission to tranfer unless you own device . All in all good product/price .
 easiest thing in the world . unwrap it - plug into USB port - and Tivo begins downloading programming immediately . My wife loves me
 I 've owned this adapter for two years and have never once had a problem . Obviously it is made to work with the TiVo system and it shows as it is extremely simple to set up . Works on my WAP2-PSK network with the SSID hidden .
 I have 2 Tivo 's at home and a Mac running Tivo to Go software and I am constantly moving shows back and fourth between tivos and the computer . I once had this adapter on both TiVo boxes and the transfer rate was decent . I could start a transfer and within a minute start to watch the show being transferred without having any `` pauses '' . What I did n't like about this was the design . The foldup antenna piece I think should be more solid or `` lock '' in the up position . I positioned this behind my TV and if a cable hit it , etc the antenna piece woudl fall down and the transfer rate woudl slow considerably.As for installing it , could n't be easier . Plug it into the tivo , go to your network settings and enter your network information . I had it up and running in less then 5 minutes per tivo and have been running the adapters since 2/2009 so it 's been about a year and a half with no issues.I would recommend this .
 I installed this so that I could get my TiVo Hi Def unit to broadband wirelessly . So far , it works great . I have had no problems with the connection to my wireless router .
 Got this after replacing our Linksys wireless router with a Mac Airport Extreme wireless router . If you have a Mac , I highly recommend doing this !!! The old adapter did not work with the Mac router for some reason . Even so , I simply plugged it in , went to settings on my TIVO and it automatically picked up the network . I did n't even have to choose connect to network because it started updating automatically . This adapter seems very solid an well constructed compared to others .
 I recently purchased a Tivo Series 2 with wireless capabilities , so it was a no brainer to also purchase the Tivo Wireless Adapter to go with it . I 'm glad I did . The wireless adapter allows the Tivo to sync with the programming system by using your wireless home network . No more phone cords running to the back of the tv . You can also program the Tivo to record a show remotely from your office or any another computer . This is awesome if you have left home for the day and forgot to record something or find out later there is a show you would like to record . The wireless adapter also allows you to sync with your home computer so you can order movies online from Amazon . I have done this once already and it is a really convenient feature . You can also play your MP3 's through your tv set or watch slideshows of photos that are on your computer ... again , totally wireless . If you own a Series 2 or Series 3 Tivo , I highly recommend this device ! It is also small , sturdy and attractively designed with brushed steel .
 When purchasing my Tivo from Amazon I debated buying the Tivo wireless adapter or using a more generic adapter . Although the one I have from netgear would probably have worked just fine , I went ahead and bought Tivo AG0100 and have never looked back . After hooking up the included usb cable to the adapter and to the back of the Tivo I powered up my Tivo for the first time . The Tivo and my wireless router recognized each other almost immediately . My router is a wireless n and is backward compatible to g and there we no issues at all . The signal using the Tivo AG0100 is strong and fast . A good purchase .
 This device completely surprised me at how easy and simple the setup process was . It took me only about 5 or 6 minutes to complete the entire setup process once I took it out of the box . The setup process is very simple by just following the onscreen instructions from the TiVo menu and there is absolutely no need to read any manuals or setup guides at all.I used to have a dedicated telephone line just to be able to connect and download the TiVo programming data , which cost me about $ 23 a month . After purchasing this device , I canceled and eliminated my telephone line which saves me about $ 275 a year . Prior to purchasing this device , I also had to deal with a very long telephone cord going around my living room because there was no phone jack near where I had my TV placed . There is no longer a dangling telephone cord going around my living room which also wrapped around my couch.A brand new unit sells for about $ 45 to $ 60 . However , since this device has no moving parts and is basically just a wireless apparatus to transmit and receive programming data to and from the internet , I would recommend getting a used or refurbished one to save yourself a few more dollars . I have seen used or refurbished ones sell between $ 25 to $ 30 . With this device , you can also download and use the TiVo Desktop software which allows you to transfer your recorded shows from your TiVo to your laptop or desktop PC . This software basically allows you to save and watch your TiVo recorded shows on your computer . I find this very useful and convenient if you travel a lot and want to watch your TiVo recorded shows while you are traveling , i.e. , on an airplane , at the airport , in your hotel room , etc. .
 A no-brainer if you have a wireless b/g/n network + TiVo series 2 & up
 I hate wires.One of the biggest problems with setting up your home entertainment equipment is having to string various and sundry cables and wires from one device to the next . Its a spaghetti nightmare at times . Then , you add your TiVo to the mix , and you 've got to add either a phone or internet connection cable to stretch somewhere else . In my case , it would have to stretch about 40 feet , and there 's no where good to hide a cable that long.BUT ! I happen to have cable internet service and a wan , so the solution was easy . I added this nifty little device - it looks a lot like something off Star Trek or a flip cell phone and I just set it next to the TiVo on my entertainment center.There was n't a lot of fluff or unneccessary stuff in the package . I found it easy to install and the device pretty much set itself up once I plugged it in.It has worked very nicely now for the last month it has been in use.Another thing to consider - and for me this was important - the price I paid on Amazon was considerably less than the price TiVo had on their website at the time for the same device . I think it was about $ 17 cheaper , from what I remember . What 's not to like about that?Anyway , if you have or just purchased a TiVo series 2 , if you have high speed internet and a WAN , in my humble opinion , this is the route to let your TiVo connect to the mother ship .
 I looked into this product to free up my minutes being used by the TIVO to update the programming . Our system had to dial long distance and it was becoming expensive on a monthly basis . After reading details and specifics on this product I thought I 'd give it a shot . At the rate we were paying for long distance , I 'd have this product paid for in 2 months ! I received the product , hooked it up , and it could n't have been simpler to get it going . After following the onscreen instructions we were up and running wireless in 5 minutes , literally . And now , I no longer have to look at a large long distance bill just for my TIVO !!
 Having full access to the TIVO playlist on my PC and access via TIVO to photos , weather and traffic is way cool . This adapter looks and feels well constructed . Transfer speed for files is FAST . Access to the Internet is great and setup was simple .
 This adapter is just the coolest thing . It works fantastically fast , easily installs without a hitch , and is just the handsomest looking adapter out there . The sturdy brushed metal frame , the adorable Tivo logo , the flip-style design ; it all adds up to one very cool looking device . And the fact that it works exactly as its suppose to makes it tops in my book . I had it plugged in , up and running within a scant few minutes without a fuss . None . What a delight.I originally thought of buying a different brand adapter to save a few bucks , but after some research and reading the glowing reviews that this adapter received , I just went ahead a got this one . Amazon offered the best price and service making it easier for me to decide . Today , I have absolutely no regrets . NONE . I would highly recommend this adapter to any series 2 TiVo owner who is looking to switch from phone line to broadband .
 I wish this little doohickey had been available the first time I set up my TiVo wirelessly ! I originally used a Linksys adapter and spent probably 4 hours trying to get it to work . With the TiVo adapter you just plug it in and continue with the on screen set up . The box recognizes the adapter immediately!Well worth the $ 50 price tag .
 It was easy to hook up and it works great . With the adapter I can get the latest weather and traffic information for my area , as well as play games and listen to podcasts . I 'm very happy with this purchase , in fact , I just bought another one yesterday .
 This is my second purchase of the Tivo Wireless Adapter . The first one is in the same room as the router , this one is a couple of rooms away . They both work fine . Installation was extremely simple and once Tivo found the network , the setup was done . It is really nice transferring shows between my two Tivos and with my daughter recouperating from major back surgery , she can now watch the same shows on her computer in her bedroom . So far I could n't be happier .
 The Tivo Wireless USB Network Adapter is so easy too install . As soon as you plug it in to the TiVo , it detects your home 's wireless network and you 're immediately connected . It 's nice not having to tie up the phone , and with the TiVo connected to the Internet , I can get movie times , purchase tickets , check weather and traffic from my Yahoo account and more . Definitely worth purchasing and the price is right !
 Nice Unit , Well Integrated and fast transmission rate . No issues on set up .
 First , thank you to the previous reviewers
 Experience was as follows :1 -RRB- Plugged unit into TIVO USB port .2 -RRB- Went to TIVO network setup menu .3 -RRB- Network immediately recognized .4 -RRB- Clicked on network name .5 -RRB- Entered WEP password using alpha-numeric alternative .6 -RRB- Network link established .7 -RRB- Used on-screen signal strength to reposition Adapter and router antenna .8 -RRB- Connected to Tivo service.Good product . Recommended .
 This Tivo Wireless Adapter is way better than the D-Link usb wireless adapter I was using on my Tivo . The performance increase -LRB- transfer speed from Tivo to PC using Tivo Desktop software -RRB- was about 25-40 % . Signal reception also improved as displayed on the Tivo itself to `` Good 70 % '' instead of `` Fair 50 % '' . I highly recommend this adapter if you are interested in taking advantage of some of Tivo 's more advanced functionlity like transfering programs to your PC to burn to DVD or transfer to other Tivos in your house .
 For the last 10 months I connected my Tivo 's wirelessly , using a Netgear and a Linksys Adapter - I had nothing but problems , the signal strength in the network did not remain constant , resulting in one of the boxes not communicating . I tried using two Linksys , the same problem.Tivo customer service suggesting I invest in their branded Adapters and since installing them -LRB- which was a breeze -RRB- , I have had no more problems.I just wish Tivo had released these at the same time they launched Series Two Tivo 's , that would have avoided people like me wasting time on adapters that were really not compatible .
 The Tivo AG0100 makes hooking the Tivo up to a PC Network so darn easy I could do it in 15 minutes ... . and that 's saying something.It has a very small footprint and is powered by the Tivo Unit not another AC power-supply behind the TV , of which I have tons.One great benefit of this is that now the Tivo service can check several times a day instead of just once every 24hrs or so using the phone-line . This seems to keep the Guide a lot more up to date.I am very satisfied with it 's ease of setup , functionality , and even it 's esthetics.I would highly recommend this to someone who is '' Network Illiterate '' ... . As I am .
 There is one installation issue with this adapter that I was not aware of , and it took me a few detours to get the wireless adapter functioning with my new TIVO series 2 box.The adapter plugs into the TIVO recorder and uses the TIVO software onboard the recorder to connect to the internet . Unfortunately , the software in the TIVO was a revision 7-something and that only works with WEP security encryption . Unfortunately in this case , my network uses WPS2-PSK wireless encryption . In order to access a network -LRB- like mine -RRB- using WPA-level encryption security , it was necessary to first download a software update from TIVO , to a level 8-something . But since I had no landline telephone access and the adapter could not get through to my network , I was apparently stuck . No way to download the software that was required to get the adqpter operating . Then I realized that I had an undocumented work-around . Since the adapter recognized all of my neighbors ' networks and showed their names -LRB- SSID -RRB- as networks TIVO identified in the setup program , I found one of those which had no security.I then set up my TIVO using my neighbor 's wireless network SSID as if it were mine . I was then able to connect to TIVO through my neighbor 's internet connection and download the software update which then allowed the adapter to access WPA security . After the download , I went back into TIVO settings and changed the wireless network setting from my neighbor 's to my own wireless network and the adapter and TIVO accepted my change without a hiccup.It worked , but before I figured that out , I spent a lot of time messing with setting up IP access settings -LRB- and inadvertantly shut my own computers out of my network until I hard-wired a laptop with a network cable and then added all of my devices ' IP addresses -RRB- . Do n't do that . Grab an unencrypted neighboring wireless signal and save yourself lots of time and aggravation.A note on how to find which neighbors ' accounts are unencrypted . My Netgear wireless setup program -LRB- which boots up with the computer every time it starts -RRB- has a search for available networks tab . I clicked that and it gave me a list of all networks my computer could identify , showing network name -LRB- called the SSID -RRB- , security level -LRB- WEP/WPA/WPA2-PSK or `` none '' -RRB- , and strength of signal . I noted the name of the strongest signal without security and then told TIVO that was `` my '' network.Good luck .
 When I first got my TiVos I had to run a phone cord to them to get the daily updates , then later on the TiVo downstairs near my PC was hooked directly to my router . Then when the TiVos became wireless I bought some b wireless adaptors . When g came along I was able to set my newer model TiVo up with g but not my older TiVo . Finally , the TiVo Wireless G USB Network Adapter for ALL Series 2 TiVos came along ! Both my TiVos are in bedrooms now and pick up the signal from the wireless router perfectly.Plus the TiVo software will now recognize added adapters and they 're easier than ever to set up .3 thumbs up !
 ... and for the HD and HDXL units , this is the ONLY choice for wireless net access . TiVo designed this adapter specifically and exclusively for TiVo 's needs because they were tired of customers being frustrated with adapters that were supposed to work . I 've used a D-Link , Netgear , and Linksys adapters with various TiVos from the original Series2 and everything since.The problem with third party adapters is that you have to track down SPECIFIC hardware versions of specific model numbers . The TiVo is a Linux based computer and only has software drivers for a limited number of adapters . -LRB- The HD and HDXL only have drivers for this one . -RRB- It 's a real PITA to have to deal with it.Here 's a quick guide to whether or not you need this adapter : ABSOLUTELY MUST PURCHASEIf you have a TiVo HD or TiVo HD-XL . If you want to use WPA encryption on ANY TiVo.SHOULD PURCHASEIf you want to have zero headaches with setup.If you have multiple TiVos and may move them around.If your time is too valuable to `` save '' $ 15 by driving all over town , hoping to find the right third party adapter.SHOULD NOT PURCHASEIf you plan to use wired ethernet.If you still have a Series1 TiVo.If you plan to use this with on a computer . -LRB- No drivers , it wo n't work . -RRB- Amazon has the best shipped price and the fastest shipping of anyone I 've ever seen . Seriously , just buy this and be done with it ! It 's made of freaking aluminum and you 'll never buy another one.PS , the USB 2.0 cable is included , too .
 TiVo 's new software is WPA compatible , so this little network adapter can now -LRB- some might say finally -RRB- be used for those of us who have n't wanted to downgrade our network security . Mine easily and quickly connected with my Apple Airport-based network , requested the password , and then went about its business . There are two small green LEDs to indicate power and ongoing communications ; the unit itself receives its power from the TiVo 's USB port so there 's no extra power adapter . Using TiVoDecode Manager on my Mac , I was easily able to wirelessly download programs that are stored on the TiVo , then watch them at my convenience . As an extra bonus , I do n't have to pay for those long local phone calls that the TiVo used to make for service and information upgrades -LRB- where I am , local phone calls over the landline cost quite a bit -RRB- . Overall , a nice easy to use product .
 I had tried to buy an adapter that met TIVO requirements at a local electronics store and they did not have one . I tried one that was outside of TIVO 's recommendations and it did not work . This adapter is specifically for TIVO and it works quite well .
 We were continually having to plug in to the phone line and what a pain that was ! This product has made everything automatic and I never worry about missing an update .
 after using two non-TiVo wireless adapters with mixed results , i decided to get the tivo branded wireless G adapters for my two Series 2 tivos . i was n't able to use the multi room viewing with the previous dLink adapters , but this feature worked fine after hooking up both tivo 's using the tivo wireless G adapters . also , much of the day to day connectivity works seamlessly and faster with the new tivo adapters .
 I had this working in under 10 minutes and it works perfectly . Now we do n't have a phone cord running across the floor !
 It took 5 minutes to get this thing going ! With the very few instructions , that come with it , it was too easy to make work .
 I already had one Tivo connected to my wireless network in my family room . I purchased another one for my exercise/yoga room and did not want to run a phone line to it to keep the Tivo updated . I plugged the adapter into the back of the unit and it worked first try . One neat thing I did not know about the adapter is if you have two wireless adapters you can view and transfer programs beweeen Tivo machines.Really cool .
 The TiVo Wireless Adapter works great . As far as setting it up and using it , there 's really nothing to it - Just plug it in and tell your TiVo your wireless ID and Key -LRB- password -RRB- .
 I 've tried several different wired and wireless adapters for the TiVo . This one is the easiest to set up . You just plug it in and it 's ready . The connection is well built , not flimsy like several other adapters I 've tried .
 One of the easiest electronic products to install . Wow !! My TiVo and router recognized the Adapter immediately . Instructions were easy to follow . It took about 5 minutes to set up and configure it.Great product !!! Purchased it because I changed my phone service to `` Vonage '' and needed an alternate way for the TiVo to receive updates .
 A great little adapter - very easy to use , enables fast connection and downloading for show programs etc. and of course eliminates the need for direct phone line connection which got to be a real pain . Well worth the money .
 This unit was the simplest member of my home network in installation and connection . No respectable wifi afficionado should be without one . Having a TiVo , of course , is a must .
 Since it is a TiVo product plugging into a TiVo product setup is quick and simple . My wireless router is pretty far from both of my TiVos , and has multiple walls in between them . Does n't matter though - connection is great ! Stream photos , music , and movies without any issues at all . This is currently the only wireless adapter that works with the HD TiVos so pick it up on Amazon , since it is the cheapest here .
 I have two of these now , one for each Tivo . I have had no problems with it . If you are looking for a wireless adapter for your Tivo , go with this one ; it will save a lot of headaches and time searching for one that is compatible with Tivo products .
 The adapter arrived quickly and effortlessly and just like that , poof ! our Tivo was wireless . It 's a wondrous thing , this Tivo Wireless adapter.I highly recommend it . If you have Tivo .
 What a fantastic addition to my Series 2 Tivo . I just had HD DirecTV installed and they of course need their own DVR . So my Tivo was relegated to the basement and no network capability . Bummer I thought . I had been hooked on Amazon Unbox .99 cent rentals as of late , not to mention transferring shows to my Zen for viewing at my leisure.I came across this gem and got it today . 2 minutes after installation , it was up and running and I was able to transfer shows just as though I was hard wired into my network!As soon as I plugged it in the back , the Tivo detected it and asked for network settings . I clicked OK and the next screen showed the available networks ; I found mine and clicked next . It wanted the network key -LRB- I use 128 WEP -RRB- typed that in and POOF I was networked in after telling it to let the server assign it 's IP address.Love it and am very happy I do n't have to run a 30 ' ethernet cable just to get my Tivo on the network.Even if you do n't know what you 're doing , you ca n't go wrong . If you were smart enough to setup your wireless network in your home , you can do this no problem . Actually , if you can figure out where to plug this in the back , I think you 'll be fine . : o -RRB- Buy without hesitation .
 This little adapter allows our TIVO to do things that it would n't otherwise be able to do . It allows our TIVO to be in a room that does not have a phone outlet and it allows us to stream Rhapsody music . It also allows us to transfer music and photos from our laptop to our TIVO . How cool ?!? If you get a tivo series 2 or 3 , you 've got to get this .
 The product works fine , the installation was not straight forward . The instructions were not that helpful .
 I 'm using this adapter with an HD Series 3 , and it seems to connect the unit to my wireless network flawlessly . It powered up immediately and the TiVo found it without problem . Unsurprising , since they 're designed to go together , so drivers should n't be a problem .
 I own two Series 2 TiVOs . Each one had a Linksys WUSB12 wireless network adapter -LRB- slowing my entire wireless network down to B speed -RRB- . I did this :1 . Took out the WUSB12 adapters2 . Plugged in the TiVO Wireless G USB adapters3 . Restarted both TiVOs , just to be safe4 . Adjusted my Linksys router to Wireless-G mode -LRB- instead of Mixed mode -RRB- BAM . DONE . My TiVO-To-Go transfers were now over a gajillion percent faster . `` 6 hours remaining '' became `` 1 hour remaining '' . I have no complaints .
 A little pricey for what it is , but it works flawlessly . No issues even with a locked wireless network router .
 I looked around at many different devices to make my Tivo wireless , but found that this is the best device , it pluged in quickly and works great . I have had it for 2 months now , and love it .
 Works as expected and is faster than my old 802.11 b adapter . Tivo recognized it immediately . I like the fact that it sticks up so it can be placed anywhere .
 What more can I say . I plugged it in and followed the on screen directions . What a joy to not have to `` noodle '' around with the configuration to get it to work . Great product -LRB- and it looks cool too ! -RRB- .
 Wish I had bought it long ago ! Do n't need a phone line and can do so much more using wireless to connect to internet !
 Would recommend this to anyone looking for a 802.11 g wireless adapter for your TiVo as it 's truly plug-and-play .
 Had to get this when we canceled our land line . OK so it cost some money , but it let us get rid of the wire , and it works quickly.I was also concerned that it would n't be compatible with my wireless network since I run a WPA2 with long complex name and password . But it was a breeze to set up , it connected right away , and the steps getting there were fairly well explained.I 'm thinking about getting one for my inlaws , to free up the clutter from their phone line as well .
 The setup is simple and the product works as advertised . I 'm really happy with the adapter .
 It 's easy - it communicates well with most wireless networks - easy , no-fuss TiVo networking .
 We had just purchased an HDTV and needed a digital box from Bright House . I was told that we COULD NOT hook up our Tivo because it would not allow us to view in HD . I called Tivo and they told me about the wireless network adapter . They told me to go to Amazon.com because it would be less expensive than buying it from Tivo . I did just that ! Since I already had a wireless router on my computer , the hook-up of this device was a piece of cake . I could not believe the ease of this setup.It was well worth the price and now my husband can record his programs on the old TV in the bedroom and I am not losing a cent.Great product !!!!!
 Easy to set up ... it 's built to sit right on top of a TV -LRB- not a flat panel -RRB- . It also has a very sleek look .
 This TIVO adapter is so simple to hook up . I just plugged it in and Tivo recognized that I had attached it . It allowed me to follow the steps and I was on my way . Of course I had to have the necessary equipment prior for this to work . And now I love it . I no longer need the phone line . Thanks Tivo and Amazon .
 Well , I have to say that for being somewhat tech limitted -LRB- only know enough to have an idea of what I want -RRB- . I just graduated from caveman last year . I got my first cellular phone , I was afraid of it at first , but setting this up along with the LinkSys router was farily straight forward.I had it up and running in about 10 minutes , tested the connection , and now I 've completely unplugged the phone jack . I 'm happy !
 Simple to set up ! Works well with the `` Apple Air Port Extreme '' or any wireless router than uses G 802.11 n 802.11 a type network .
 This device works just as expected . It was very easy to set up -LRB- as long as you know your wireless information -RRB- . It took less than 5 minutes to install and configure . The seller of this item was also very quick on getting this product to me !
 Great service from Amazon . The TiVo wireless G Network adapter arrived a few days after ordering . It was very easy to set-up , in about five minutes it was ready to go . Thanks Amazon for saving me money and such great service .
 Just plug it in to the USB port on back and the Tivo series 3 HD ask you if you would like to use it . Tell it yes and it is an easy setup if you know anything about your wireless G router setting . -LRB- SSIS , Security Password WEP , WAP , Etc Be sure not to set it on top of the TIVO as it reduces signal strength . It has a pretty long cord long enough to get it away enough not to be effected .
 I have been using the TiVo AG02100 wireless G adapter for a couple of weeks now.Installation was a breeze , though I had to push a few dust bunnies around who had taken up residence the wireless adapters installation was nothing more than plugging into a USB port on the back of my TiVo device.It came up and ran quite easily and allowed me to upgrade from my old wireless WEP adapter to the WPA security with no errors or problems.The new wireless G router I had installed as great signal throughout the house however , the reception on the TiVo AG02100 wireless G adapter never it 's above 60 % which is not encouraging . The connections are fast and fortunately the wireless adapter is located only one room over from the wireless router.For TiVos users this is a good purchase and I recommend it except for installations where you can not adjust the wireless signal or placement of your router .
 We had 1 Tivo Premere DVR and it was time to get a second one . I bought it and then ordered this item . When it arrived , I hooked it up quickly and with no problems . Using this allows us to tape a show on one Tivo box and then transfer it to the other box for viewing in our choice of rooms . Great product !
 The `` G '' adaptor works just fine !!! No delays with online streaming or transfers . Only one wire to the tivo 's usb port . Where the `` N '' requires a maze of wires for powering the N , then another wire to the NETWORK port of the tivo . So many messy wires , and no real benefit gain in function over the G adaptor . And the G costs half the price as the N . If you need a tivo wireless adaptor , stick with the G. I stream online and transfer HD video between my 2 premiere tivos . The G adaptor transfers fast and I can start watching an on-goining transfer right away . So just stick with the G adaptor and save money and the wire maze mess you have with the N adaptor . I got a second G adaptor for my second tivo premiere , and now use my N adaptor only on my LG HDTV . The N adaptor is basically a wireless supply device . I suppose you can use the N adaptor to connect any networked device that is not wireless on its own , but has a network port plug . The tivo N adaptor can access your N wireless network in the home , and the network N cord can be plugged into any device with a network port , making that device wireless . So I now use my tivo N adaptor only on my LG HDTV , not wireless on its own . I use the `` G '' adaptor -LRB- s -RRB- on my 2 tivo premiere units . Everything works perfect ! The G adaptor . . 1 usb wire , great function . Tivo menu setup on the G adaptor . The N adaptor needs to be connected FIRST to a PC -LRB- or mac -RRB- computer network port in order to set the wifi security access codes . The G adaptor is so much more reasonable and user friendly . No PC needed setting up the G adaptor . Done all though the tivo adaptor menu .
 Yes , this costs 2x as much as a non-Tivo wireless-g adapter , but it seems to be the only one that actually works reliably with a Tivo , and I get better signal strength than with my old Linksys . Plus , it looks and feels really high quality .
 A wonderfully useful accessory to your Tivo . It 's easy to set up and adds loads of functionality to your system . I run two Tivos , have a wireless G on both . I enjoy programming the Tivos from the office when I hear about something that I might like to watch , and it 's convenient to be able to shift movies from the Tivo to my laptop , or from one Tivo to the other . As I said earlier , a `` very useful accessory '' .
 I am not very technical so I always worry when I attempt to connect a new gadget . I wanted to do a wireless link between my TiVo 's and my computer . Bought a Linksys router and that 's been a horror story . But the two TiVo adapters I bought were awesome . I think they are the first electronic things that I just plugged in and they worked immediately and flawlessly . Wish everything worked as well as this product . Highly recommend !
 I paid less and got the exact same Tivo wireless adapter as sold by Tivo . I have had no problems and now I get updates and download shows to my computer without any cables . .
 This is a reliable , easy to use product . I had no problems with it at all . I would definately recommend this to others in need of a wireless internet adapter . This was my second one i have purchased as i have 2 Tivo 's .
 I recommend this product if you have tivo and using your computer to manage your tivo programs ! It works perfectly !!
 I have been using TiVo with the TiVo Wireless USB Network Adapter for several months now and I have n't had any issues with this device . I was pleased to see the device work right from the start . I just plugged it in and TiVo recognized the device and started communicating with the TiVo servers .
 Absolutely foolproof setup - took about three minutes . I guess it could have taken four minutes if I 'd had to try a different network password , but I got lucky and remembered it on the first try . Guess I should include the two minutes it took me to open the box , so I 'll say six minutes , tops !
 I have used several different usb to wireless adapters with my tivo series 2 in the past . Some worked , others did n't . Even ones on the recomended list needed to be a specific version of firmware . I can not tell you the hassles I have had digging through boxes at Circuit City trying to find a specific firmware.Tivo got smart and released their own wireless adapter . It is plug and play . I use it with an Apple Airport Extreme basestation with no issues.Works great with both of my series 2 units . Transfer speeds are faster than the D-Link unit I had before .
 Quick review - decent option for the tivo series 2 - I read many reviews and issues regarding compatibility and i the end settled on the Tivo brand - wireless connection esy to setup - easily connected to my network.I have not been able to get a connection above 49 % probably nothing to do with the adapter , rather the Tivo is at the furthest point in my home from the wireless router , and I had to use a high gain antenna to achieve that . The program updates are so much faster though , that I really ca n't complain . Worth the money for that and no compatability issues .
 I have purchased three of these adapters so far ... this being the third purchased for a new Tivo unit.I love being able to download movies and videos from outside sources like Amazon Unbox , and play online games , etc.It 's worth it just to have the freedom to place your Tivo unit wherever you like , without running wires from a phone jack.They are EASY to install ... just plug in ... the Tivo unit configuration screen prompts you thru setup ... or do it manually from the setting 's within Tivo.Use a Linksys wireless `` G '' router for trouble free interfacing and fast speeds.It also allows you to transfer recorded programs from one Tivo to another with just a few clicks of the remote.The Only drawback is that this adapter will not allow HD content to be transferred between units ... butthere is supposedly a NEW wireless adapter out now that works on Series 3 HD units as well.My units are not HD , so it does n't present a problem.NOTE
 This really could n't have been easier to set up . I plugged it in , followed the prompts , and then I was good to go .
 Works perfectly with our new HD Tivo . Very easy to set-up and use . And a great price on Amazon.com
 We live in an older apartment and there are only two phone jacks in the whole place . So , I went wireless with this adapter and it works great . I resisted Tivo for years because of the phone jack problem but this little diddy just sits up there quietly doing its job . The perfect solution for us .
 This adapter works as described . It detects more networks than my old adapter did and never fails.Bottom line
 Had to reset the Tivo -LRB- unplug power -RRB- to get it to work , but once it did it worked great . It is very sensitive and picks up wireless networks that my computer never found . So much better than running cords through your house .
 It works very well . Simple to use . Just plug it on tivo and follow the instruction and can be finished within one min .
 This is the fourth adapter I 've purchased for as many Tivos . Works as advertised . Set up is easy following on screen prompts . No problems with the previous purchased adapters -LRB- 2YEARS -RRB- . Amazon has best price and shipping .
 This product was extremely easy to set up , and I was up and running in about five minutes . Very pleased !
 I was so thrilled when TIVO came out with this wireless adapter !! With cell phones increasingly replacing the need for a land line , TIVO hopped on the wagon . The only reason I had a land line was for my TIVO service . With the wireless adapter , I had my land line disconnected and am happy to save that monthly expense.Adapter works great and I 've had no problems with it over the last 10 months or so since I purchased it.It was easy to get working !
 Very good product . I paid $ 20 less than the Tivo site was charging . Very happy with this . My signal between PC and Tivo have no problems once I switched to Linksy 's router instead of the gateway that came from Verizon .
 This product worked right out of the box for me . I attached it to the Tivo and it found my network . I am using encryption and it works just fine with this adapter . It has been working flawlessly for a couple months now .
 Set it up and had it working with TIVO within 15 minutes . I recommend to anyone who wants to change to broadband .
 The TiVo wireless network adapter was easy to install and it has given me no problems thus far .
 Bought two of these for my TIVO 'S . I was using dial up , but this is way more convenient . They are very small and unobtrusive . My only thing is that when downloading from either machine , it does take quite a while to transfer from one tivo to the other , which was something you could n't do with dial up!Still , great for the price .
 I purchased a TIVO system and needed to purchase this adapter to make it work properly . It fixed the problems that I was having with my TIVO . I would definitely purchase this item again .
 The Tivo wireless adapter is easy to install , does what it is designed to do . Small enough to put anywhere and not worry about.I had it installed in less than 5 minutes.I do think the price is a little high for the adapter and could easily be sold for under $ 30 . That is my only gripe .
 Elegant design , easy to set up . It has been one month since the purchase and the gadget works without any problem .
 If your semi-literate with wi-fi , this gadget is easy to set up , works great , and no phones lines is the best part . Now i can go all VOIP , and get rid of my phone bill !
 Plugging in this adapter makes the TiVo a wireless networked device in less than 15 minutes . I set up my adapter with a static address , that 's why it too so long . Now I can down load recordings to my computer via TiVoDesktop . Excellent product .
 A great addition to TiVo - never have to sting a telephone cord again to download info . If you have more than one Tivo , the wireless devices create a TiVo network of sorts -LRB- pull a show from one TiVo to the other -RRB- .
 Very easy to set up and I have n't had any problems.My wireless router and my TiVo are only 15 feet apart so I do n't know how this product works in a long range .
 I have been using my netgear wireless adapter for the last couple of years with some problems here and there . I finally caved in and bought one of these since the price is now under $ 40 . Worked like a charm . Setup and ready to go in 20 minutes or less.Recommended .
 Best price I could find - unfortunately forced to buy from TIVO other adapters do n't work or not as well as TIVO brand . Expensive no matter what - especially if more than one adapter is needed . . wasted money on three other adapters . .
 This adapter is great for the TiVo HD that I purchased . It allows me to download updates and connect with my other TiVo 's . I can also remotely program my TiVo .
 After purchasing two other wireless adapters with no connection to my wireless network this Tivo adapter connected right away . I wish I had done this in the first place . And the best price to boot . Thanks Amazon !
 This Tivo adapter was used to replace my old B adapters I had on my Tivo boxes . Unplugged the B , plugged in the new Tivo G and we were off to higher spped downloads . It is great to be able to watch instant movie downloads from Netflix at the touch of my Tivo remote !
 This Tivo wireless adapter is great !! Saves the trouble of running Ethernet cords or phone lines to my Tivo . Now I can use it in any room , any time , Definitely recommend it .
 When we decided to drop our home phone I needed a way to access my Tivo . This product was super easy to use and well worth the price !
 The TiVo AGO100 Wireless G USB Newwork Adapter for TiVo Series 2 & Series 3 DVRs works just as promised , allowing you to watch shows from one TiVo on another one -LRB- through the home network -RRB- . It was very easy to use -LRB- simple instructions -RRB- , once you have your home network is set-up -LRB- that , alas was not so simple -RRB- . Best part -- Amazon 's price was $ 20 cheaper than the price on TiVo 's website ! -LRB- AND free shipping ! -RRB- No regrets .
 The product works great and was a snap to set-up . My only complaint is that I should not have to pay $ 40 and buy an extra device just to get my TiVO to work with my wireless network . It should be a standard piece of equipment included with all TiVO boxes .
 it works fine , as good as wired , and better than a phone line . what all it can do depends on what kind of tivo dvr you have . netflix and youtube are only on the series 3 and hd models . but again the tivo wireless adapter itself is great , , , , was worth the amazon price ... JJ
 Listen
 I wish I could plug in an off-the-shelf 802.11 g adapter and have it work.When I see things like this , I begin to fear for the company . If you have to control down to the bottom layers of the comms , you may well be heading down a business model blind alley . Sooner rather than later an open -LRB- i.e. cheaper , more user-friendly -RRB- solution will take you out .
 Got one for Christmas . Using your standard SBC AT&T 2-Wire Wireless DSL Router/Modem on a Series Two it fired right up and has n't given me any trouble . No problemo .
 This network adaptor for the TiVo was about the same price as other brands of adaptors but made specifically for TiVo . I was very confused trying to figure out which other adaptor would work with which TiVo , this made it simple to choose . The software and instructions on the TiVo website made it simple to get started . It was EASY to get my TiVo connected to my home network and now not only can I transfer shows to my computer , I can burn them to DVD as well as having access to my pictures and music through the TiVo . It works well and expanded the uses of both my computer and TiVo . I would recommend this to anyone who has a home network and a TiVo !
 Worked perfectly with my Linksys WRT54G wireless router and TiVo Series2 Dual-Tuner . The setup was straightforward - I did n't look at the instructions until I was finished -LRB- being a typical male -RRB- . The adapter itself was smaller than I expected but has a pleasant heft and feels solid . It 's unobtrusive and looks good . I wish I could say the same for my bright blue router . Thinking about the electronic gadgets I own , only those from TiVo and Apple seem to have had so much attention paid to the small design details .
 I bought a new TV and put it and my TiVo in a new location farther away from my router . Every time I have moved my TV/TiVo I have had to make up a new `` CAT5 '' line to connect my TiVo to my router ... after doing this three or four different times , I finally had enough and decided to order the wireless network adapter ... and it was money well spent ! I 've had this product for about a month now , so far ... so good . It does exactly what I got it for , updating the TV Guide , and transfers programs to my other TiVo upstairs . The added benefit was that it freed up one of the ports of my routers allowing me to use it for another computer . I 'm actually contemplating buying another one for the TiVo upstairs ... putting it in perspective , it 's not going to cure cancer or bring about peace in the Middle East but ... Great Price ... Fast Delivery ... Easy Set up ... Product Perform As AdvertisedWhat else can you ask for ... I just wish everything work as well as this product
 I have a TiVo HD and I was able to simply plug this adapter in and configure it for my network and it worked , first time , no problems . That said , I hate the fact that TiVo only supports their own wireless adapter on the TiVo HD . Nepotism ? Monopoly ? Whatever the word is , it stinks .
 Worked well at first try . Set up to use internet connect on main tv and use this adapter for another room . Much better than useing a phone line .
 I bought the TiVo wireless network adapter from Amazon and I could not have been happier with how easy it was to set up and get configured . The directions are very clear and it connected immediately . Great for reducing clutter from extra wires in my entertainment center . I would highly recommend this product .
 Cheaper than buying at the Tivo website and it just plain works with my series2 . Would be nice if it were cheaper , but I 'll trade the no hassles for few dollars any day .
 The prices does make you think twice and wonder if it might be smarter to find a 3rd-party solution , but -LRB- now that I 'm on my 4th Tivo -RRB- this is clearly the smart choice . It is extremely well-built and wonderfully compatible -- I 'm running 802.11 g with WPA2 .
 Ordered on same day as Tivo but came 8 - 10 days later . Caused a delay in hooking up . It would helpful to ensure shipping at the same time , especially when one unit is dependant on the other . Unit dropped off line after the first installation and had to be rebooted . Seems to be OK now.This is my first Tivo and adapter so I have nothing to compare this product with .
 If this were 802.11 N capable , I 'd give it 5 stars . It should get 4.5 , though.Very simple , plug and play option for linking a Tivo to your wireless network . We use it to allow two HD Tivos to share their programs . For example , we can start watching a show in the family room , then transfer the rest of it to the bedroom.It easily found our wifi network , allowed for input of the password , and transfers programs quickly . Only the HD versions of shows do n't transfer fast enough to allow for nearly instantaneous commercial skipping .
 This was so easy to install and it works great . I higly recommend it .
 I had a old linksys adapter hooked up to my tivo and it would always loose its settings and stop working for no reason . I replaced it with this adapter and could n't be happier . It was so easy to use all I had to do was plug it in and the tivo picked up all of the settings . I highly recommend this adapter for tivo users . Incredibly easy to use and very realiable .
 This arrived earlier than I thought . I love Tivo , so a wireless adapter is a great addition vs. the phone line . For those people who wonder what will happen when you plug it in , the Tivo software on the newer boxes will actually work like your laptop . The antenna will identify available wireless networks , and then you can link to them - no setting up of IP 's etc. , like the old USB days ! If you have a wireless router , buy this !
 The TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter was a great buy and help me setup wireless communications to transfer from one TiVo Series 3 HD to a TiVo HD . The transfers are fast through our LAN , and we can watch analog TV while it transfers without pausing . HD programs require about a 10-15 minute wait to watch the program without pausing .
 What can I say . I plugged it in , configured it on the screen and it just worked . It has been flawless -LRB- and fast ! -RRB- for a month now . I 'm very happy with this .
 The TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo was very easy to install , offered no complications , provides fast network access , and can handle stronger encryption .
 Had this for a couple of months now . Works great . Easy setup with practically no manual . Love that I can just transfer the shows to my laptop now -LRB- after downloading a free software from TiVo.com -RRB- . Wish I 'd done this when I started using TiVo two years ago .
 I had purchased another wireless network adapter that would n't work for my DVR -LRB- approx . 4 + yrs old now -RRB- . This TiVo adapter connected and works great . Saved a lot of cash too by purchasing through Amazon instead of TiVo directly ...
 I just plugged this in , and it has been running great for a month . I have never had such an easy time with a wireless product before . It gets a great signal -LRB- it picks up on neighbor 's wifi signals that my MacBook , Wii , or iPhone ca n't even see -RRB- . I highly recommend ! Great price on here too!Can ' t wait for he N version .
 After moving , I did n't have easy access to an ethernet cable anymore . I needed to go wireless and this was the answer . It 's cheaper than the same product on the Tivo site and works well .
 Although it 's a bit expensive for a wireless adapter -LRB- the reason for only 4 stars -RRB- , it is very good at the one job it 's supposed to do , which is connect the tivo to the wireless network . I used to have my tivo connected to the network with a Linksys WRT54B -LRB- I think -RRB- , and it dropped the wireless signal all the time . Once dropped , the Linksys would n't pick the signal back up , so I 'd suddenly run out of programming info on the Guide -LRB- usually my first indication something had gone wrong -RRB- , then I 'd have to unplug the adapter and plug it back in . In contrast , I have n't had a single connectivity issue with the Tivo-branded wireless adapter . It was VERY simple to set up , and it feels quite solid and sturdy .
 This is a great device ! It 's worth every dollar and I strongly recommend it ! I paid $ 36 for it on Amazon instead $ 60 from Tivo . The set up was easy . Just follow the 3 step instruction that came with the product and voila !
 This was quick to install and does just what it 's supposed to do - allows me to use TIVO without a phone connection .
 Item came quickly and was easy to set up . Was easy to connect to home network and signal strength was good . Also , downstreaming of videos from Netflix was a breeze . I would highly recommend this USB adapter for your Tivo DVR !
 I looked into using a wireless router instead of this adapter , but really could n't find anything -LRB- for less money -RRB- that seemed worthwhile . The cost is really the only downside to this product ; we have two TiVo brand adapters and we 've never had a problem with either one .
 this is a great product ! I am very glad I bought it here rather than tivo.com , it saved me $ $ $ ... it was easy to set up and did n't take long for tivo to update with it ... we have not set up any of the extra features , but when we have time we will . for now , not using the phone line is all we were concerned with -LRB- we switched to Vonage -RRB- .
 So nice to not have to hard wire the Tivo box to the phone line . I had the wireless adapter out of the box , hooked up and working in a matter of minutes . Very simple to use!I would highly recommmend this product .
 Love it ! Worked great without any issues . Hook up was easy and connected perfectly . TiVo is the route to go .
 Bought device for bedroom TiVo ser 2 . Easy to install and once I adjusted my firewall it worked great . I have poor wireless reception in my room but the unit still was able to update . Great price , my friend bought it at the store for almost twice as much .
 If you have wireless internet and a TiVo , this is a must . It links your computer with your home computer to watch iTunes music and videos and updates your guide so you do n't have to mess with the phone line . Also lets you use more of the TiVo features such as Amazon Video on Demand , Blockbuster , watching podcasts , etc. . Highly recommend this if purchasing a TiVo .
 This works perfectly and is easy to set up . Makes the TiVo connect process so much easier , with more options available .
 We got rid of our land line and have a older TIVO so I was unsure if this was going to work . I actually called TIVO and got a great customer service guy who explained what I needed and where I could buy it and how easy it was to install . I got it very quickly . The day I got it I hooked it up to the TIVO and within a hour it was working great . The only time it really took was waiting for the TIVO to update .
 I really like these adapters . I tried to use a cheaper one at one time from another company and it only lasted about a year . I have several of these , and so far they have never failed me . Bought from TiVo itself before and ca n't tell the difference between the ones I bought from here . Great product .
 Purchased this device to complete the elimination of our landline telephone . It did exactly as promised , with the added benefit of renting movies online ; no more late night trips to the `` Red Box '' .
 This was exactly as offered , and much cheaper than I located any where else , at stores and online .
 As simple as can be -- plug in and go . Unfortunately , I could n't find another compatible USB adapter on -LSB- ... -RSB- that was 54Mbs . My previous adapter was 11Mbs and brought my entire wireless network down to that speed . What a drag . So , I bought this one and now I 'm back at a full 54Mbs .
 The TIVO adapter solved an issue I had with my TIVO not being able to connect and not reconizing the router . Everything works the way it should .
 Same item sold by Tivo but much better price . Since Tivo does not work with many wireless adapters , this is a great deal .
 The TiVo adapter is practically effortless to install . Once installed , the TiVo Series2 recognizes the adapter easily , then you can walk through the configuration to set it up on the wireless network . The only challenging part is the cumbersome entry of the SSID , due to the TiVo interface for text entry . But once it was configured , it connected OK and is far superior to using the phone line by any means .
 Simple to install . No reception problems so far . -LRB- My router is upstairs and the adapter is downstairs . -RRB- Had it 3-4 weeks now . Much cheaper through Amazon than to get it directly from TiVo .
 Just plug it in to TIVO , stays at 100 % . Could n't be better or at a better price .
 My old wireless adapter from Netgear stopped working on Friday evening . I ordered this Tivo wireless adapter by 6:30 pm EST and chose Saturday delivery -LRB- Amazon Prime . Shipping was $ 6.99 -RRB- . At 10:00 am on Saturday morning the UPS truck dropped it off at my front door . I was back in business by 10:15 am . I just plugged in the adapter into the USB slot in back of my Tivo unit . I went to `` Settings '' on the Tivo menu and restarted the unit . Everything worked fine , it started updating my program guide immediately . When you are replacing a network adapter you do not have to re-enter your network settings nor the computers WPA/WEP security code . The settings were saved on the Tivo unit when I switched the adapters . Also be informed that this adapter connects via a USB cord that is about 3 feet long . It allows you to place the adapter in different areas and positions for the best signal . -LRB- The strength of signal is obtained in the Tivo `` Settings '' menu under `` phone/network '' -RRB- .
 Just opened the package connected the adapter to the usb port on my tivo and it was instantly recognized . Entered my network password -LRB- WPK -RRB- and done .
 I 'm always somewhat skeptical of installation instructions that say plug it in and follow the instructions . This was the easiest I 've ever encountered . The onscreen instructions led me through the install quickly and easily . Works great !
 the wireless adapter was very easy to install and works very well with my home wireless net work .
 This product works just fine , but it does not get all the features that I saw advertised . You have to have the HD receiver to get all the things advertised , it will not connect to Netflix and a few others . This is not the problem with this receiver , it is in the Tivo box it 's self . The receiver works just fine .
 The adapter was a breeze to install and definitely works so much faster than a phone line setup . It 's so small that it does n't take up much room and does n't look clunky at all .
 Not being a technology wizard I spent several months being frustrated with how slow my Tivo downloaded movies , Rhapsody , etc. . The Tivo G0100 remedied this problem . Download speeds are much faster and Rhapsody plays within seconds of the first click . The price here at Amazon is the best price you will find for this product as well .
 The TiVo Wireless G works exactly as advertised . I have an Apple PowerBook G4 , and setup was a snap . Worth the 5 star rating
 This works great with my Tivo Series 2 DVR . I had some issues with setup though , maybe it is just my router , but I had to assign a DHCP Client ID in order to get it to work properly . Tivo tech support was not any help , they just had me reset my system and waste a bunch of time . If you have any problems , try assigning your own client ID , that might take care of it .
 I bought two of these for my Series 2 Tivo 's . Set up was super easy and now I can network both of my Tivo 's together . I can watch non-high definition videos on either TV through my wireless network . I can also stream my Mac photos and iTunes music through my stereo system via Tivo .
 This was perfect . The device was brand new and $ 20 cheaper than Tivo . Shipping was nice and quick - It works perfectly . Thanks to Amazon !
 Although I think my Linksys wireless network adapter should have worked instead of a proprietary Tivo adapter , the Tivo adapter works like a champ . I 'm downloading a movie rental from Amazon as we speak . No more trips and late fees to Blockbuster !
 I am using this device with a Series 2 Tivo unit that used to have constant problems connecting to the Tivo service . It 's so nice to turn on Tivo and know that it wo n't be running out of program data soon now that it can connects via my wireless internet to get data . I highly recommend this product .
 We unpacked this small module , plugged it into the TiVo , followed the on-screen instructions , and we were set up within 15 minutes . We cancelled our landline telephone service , not considering that our TiVo subscription required dial-up access . We ordered this product right away , and it arrived within 3 days , and was simple to set up . So far , no problems !
 Connected it . It works . What more can I say . I was worried that I was going to have to run ethernet cable through the walls to get from the downstairs TV to the upstairs computer . Bought this little device . Hooked it up . It works beautifully . And now with our Tivo HD connected to the computer , we can watch netflix instantly . It is a beautiful thing .
 This works great , the only thing is if you have more than 1 Tivo box , which I do you need an adapter for each box , even so it is great and works perfect ... Love Tivo !!!
 I tried several wireless usb adaptors for my 80 hour series 2 TiVo but none of them seemed to work , users who decide not to purchase this one are in for alot of work , you 'll be fumbling around looking for model numbers and serial numbers to work with your box . This has been my best TiVo accersory purchase , it connected quickly it was easy to set up and there was no hassles at all . I recommend it to EVERY TiVo user considering going wireless .
 I hooked this baby up to a D-Link MIMO wireless router . It connnected immediately and the entire setup took no more than 15 mintutes . Of course , I did ROFM -LRB- a little bit -RRB- . The router is at least 40 ' away from the adapter and on another level of the house . Reception is great and I 'm streaming Live365 programming to my stereo via Tivo as I type this.Highly recommended product .
 I have been networking my 3 tivos using wireless B adapters . Using them I was able to connect to TIVO for program updates via my wireless internet network as well as transfer movies from one Tivo to another . However , if we wanted to transfer and watch a show immediately the transfer rate was always too slow . We would wait a few minutes and then start watching but we would always catch up with the transfer . No fun . I looked at trying to buy a cheaper wireless g adapter that would work with TIVO but they support so few and I wound up giving up that idea after a few failed attempts . Finally I bit the bullet and bought a pair of these TIVO brand wireless G adapters . My son 's Tivo does not need to transfer shows rapidly so that is still on a wireless b adapter . They arrived and I removed the b adapters and replaced them with the g 's . They required a restart . During power up my living room Tivo displayed a message saying software being updated or something like that . Odd never I saw that message before and I was already at the latest software release for all my TIVO units . Do n't know what that was about and I never read anyone else seeing it . But no problem . The bedroom one just restarted after power up normally with no message like that . Both adapters started working after restart.Now the good part . . bottom line the transfer rate is much better . I would say 3 times faster or more . You can see the green progress bar inching to the right fairly rapidly . Give it a minute or two after starting a transfer and you do n't have to worry about catching up with the transfer even skipping past commercials . Very good investment if you transfer files from TIVO to TIVO frequently or to your TIVO to go on laptop or desktop computers . The adapters themselves look pretty good and are decent design and quality as well . Much better than the clunky looking b adapters . If you are going to go wireless for transfer of videos go with this product . If you are only interested in using it to connect to your wireless network to update TIVO the b adapters are fine and cheap .
 I just got a TiVo Series 3 , and hoped to use my Linksys USB adapter to connect to the network . It did n't happen . TiVo has programmed the new boxes to only accept their adapter -LRB- a message pops up to let you know this when you try to plug anything else in.I was going to just hardwire it , but relented and bought the TiVo adapter . Plugged it in and it fired right up . I also understand this adapter does some of the proceesing for the TiVo , so there is some benefit to using it over another brand -LRB- if you have a Series 2 , which will accept other adapters -RRB- . So I give it high marks for ease of use and performance , but deducted for crippling the Series 3 to force me to use it , and price.I do n't have WEP enabled yet , but doubt it will be a problem when I do . I use a Linksys WRT-54g router.If you do n't want to mess around getting your TiVo to connect through your wireless network connection , this is the way to do it .
 Quick to correct a misunderstanding . Very professional . Will buy from them again .
 I changed out my old -LRB- but reliable -RRB- Linksys USB adapter for the Tivo 802.11 g on my Toshiba Tivo DVR and transfer speeds to PC network improved by two and one half times . Very satisfied - plugged straight in , Tivo recognized the adapter and I was up and running . Nice looking product including dual green LEDs .
 Pros : Works amazing ! Love it . Uses wireless internet connection to upload the show times and titles.Highly suggest this product if your looking for a wireless adapter for your TiVo.Was a plug and play periphrial . Plug it in and your Series2 TiVo finds it right away.Great product and experience . Much like every TiVo product I own.Cons : The price seems a little steep but not too bad because it works like a charms
 First it was truly `` plug and play '' with a quick plug in to the USB port and no configuring needed . The only thing to do was move it around a bit to find the best signel strength . The second point is that the unit is shockingly well built , nicer than a high end cell phone for instance and completely out of character for something as `` mundane '' as a wireless network adapter . The only thing I wish was that is was actually `` n '' compliant but that will come soon enough and `` g '' is plenty fast for what it 's tasks are .
 Very easy to install ... took longer to open the box then to install it to my TIVO . No more phone cords for me !
 I used a USB adapter before this , but the connection kept getting disconected . Now with the TiVo adapter , I never loose the connection and get to enjoy my TiVo alot more .
 This device is easy to install . I brought both two of these from this seller and the price is better than Tivo 's . The shipping was quick . I wanted this device for a long time but could n't seems to justify paying what Tivo was charging . I was browsing amazon and seen the same exact device 's price and jumped right on it . I LOVE IT !!!
 Beautiful ... Just plug it in . Easy to add security levels -LRB- a must nowadays -RRB- .
 I really have enjoyed the networking features of the TiVo system , especially the ability to transfer shows from TiVo to TiVo or to my PC . Up until this purchase I had been using 802.11 B adaptors which were adiquate but left a lot to be desired taking hours to transfer even a half hour show ! If you have looked into non TiVo brand adaptor you will have noticed that these alternatives were hard to find because they had to be the correct serial or version number , and for the most part as expensive as the TiVo one or even more!Don ' t forget completely `` plug and play `` Well if you have been thinking about this purchase or upgrade jump in with no fear ! You will be very happy with this product , they did for me exactly what I had hoped they would do almost instantanious transfers ! Transfer and watch right away !!! Of course if , like me , you love speeding through the commercials you will still have to give it a head start , I found 5 minutes is usually more than plenty !!! Amazon had the best prices too , I looked everywhere , even Ebay could not beat this deal ... free shipping too ! Buy with confidence , I did !
 Works from 4 rooms away and through several walls . Not as fast as maybe you would like but it works . 30 minute TV show might take 15 minutes . Typical movie will take longer ... I clocked mine at about 40 minutes sometimes faster depending on the qulity you recorded the movie at ... higher quality will certainly be a larger file and take longer . Leaves a copy of the origional on the tivo the file was transfered from . Also great not to have to have a phone line connected once you get this connected to your broadband network . I use a Linksys wireless B/G router and I have one Linksys wireless range extender which I am sure helped this thing reach 4 rooms away . Wish it were faster and had longer range ability but that is the limit of G/G wireless ... we need N wireless and an N device from Tivo or whoever makes this for them .
 This is all you need . TiVo branded , TiVo compatible , easy to set up , small , and did I mentin easy to set up . TiVo is n't know for it 's wide variety of USB network adapter compatibility but this little thing solves all those problems . Goodbye phone line . Goodbye network line . Hello wireless nirvana .
 This wireless adapter works flawlessly with the TIVO . Although I have a lot of experience with wireless products , I 'm not a big fan of them . They never work like they 're suppose to and always require much more configuration and `` tweaking '' than you expect.This product is an exception to the rule . I was hesitant at first to pay extra for the genuine TIVO part instead of getting a third party USB wireless adapter . I 'm so glad I paid the small amount extra to get this product . I use this at work , and have a very complicated wireless network . I connect through a hotspot wireless router , I 'm behind a firewall , have encryption enabled , and have the wireless router password protected and address filtering on . Despite this , I was able to get the TIVO online with this adapter in just a few minutes , and never hit a bump . Since then , I 've changed wireless routers and network configurations several times , and every time , it has been zero trouble getting this adapter and the TIVO to work with the network . I wish every wireless product I owned worked this well .
 Product has worked great for me . Easy as plugging in and turning on . Easy and affordable . I would reccomend this to anyone needing a wireless adapter for their Tivo
 It works great and the price was cheaper here at Amazon than what TIVO sells it for on their website .
 I am extremely happy with this product . Simple install , just plugged into USB port of TIVO , it recognized it immediately and brought up the network menus . I selected WPA2 -LRB- yes , it supports both WPA and WPA2 -RRB- put in the info and downloaded a movie from Amazon Unbox ! Sweet !
 this adapter is pretty good looking.It practically installed itself.All I had to do was connect the cord and tivo popped put a message that it found a network and guided me thru the rest of the process.I highly recommend it.Lets you enjoy all the web features of tivo .
 just what i needed to link the two tivos i have . now i am able to transfer shows from the bedroom to the living room .
 I had used a Linksys wireless USB adapter on my TIVO successfully with Linksys , Netgear , and D-Link wireless routers . But when I got an Apple 802.1 N wireless router , I was surprised that I could n't get it to connect . It just did n't want to work with my WPA password security . So I bit the bullet and got TIVO 's AGO100 wireless adapter . I plugged it in and it practically configured itself . I was up and running in a few minutes . It really works as advertised .
 Works as advertized . A fine product worth the cost . Make sure you know your WEP # .
 Great product . I never thought wireless Tivo would be so easy . Cheaper on Amazon then on Tivo site .
 When the 802.11 g adapter was first available , I was reluctant to spend the money . I had a wireless B adapter which cost $ 11 and worked fine.I recently upgraded my system
 I 'VE HAD THEM ON MY BOAT FOR SIX MONTHS NOW AND THEY STILL LOOK AND SOUND NEW DESPITE THE EXPOSURE TO SALT WATER AND THE LIKES . THEY SOUND AWESOME GREAT BASS AND HIGHS WITH NO DISTORTION
 Received it promptly from amazon with free shipping . Item is made in Belarus . Instructions are sufficient enough . Please note , you need to purchase the ultra rare N-battery -LRB- mostly used for medical devices -RRB- - I checked every local store and all did not carry it . I had to buy it from amazon and paid a hefty shipping price because it was a third party.Let 's move on to the goggles . The item is divided into two parts , one is the binocular part the other is the head strap.The head strap sure looks scary -LRB- like something used in the movie SAW -RRB- but is easy to put on and adjust . You can adjust the circumference and then the tightness and comes with a chin strap to make it tighter . I have a big head - about 16 inches around , and it fits with a little more room for adjustment . Overall , it should fit almost anyone.The worst thing I am afraid of the goggle part is the two buttons , these buttons seem like they will be stuck if press to hard , so do n't press to hard!The feel of this item is not the best ; it still feels like it 's cheap but all I can say right now is it works.I tried it outdoors at night , ultra pitch dark and it gives a good image . I say the clarity is 8 out of 10 . Maybe I could have some better focusing , but I tried and tried and that was the best I can come up with.For 557 dollars it provides an adquedate use for night vision ; I 'm sure they are many out there that are even clearer , but you will have to pay an even bigger price.I 'll try to update on this product as time passes .
 I received this product in a timely fashion . Their advertisement was an exact representation of what I received . I have had no problems since purchase of the item . I have been very pleased with this product .
 I love how durable this is , and the cap-less design . These were both very important to my decision.My only complaint is the U3 software , which many others have complained about as well . As of this review , the latest version of Firefox available for it is no longer supported -LRB- 2.0.0.4 -RRB- . Too many of the programs are old versions.I recommend this drive , but using the uninstall U3 program right away and instead installing from PortableApps.com . PortableApps keeps the programs up to date and does n't use an extra partition . U3 's extra partition is only for the benefit of pre-Windows XP SP2 systems and computers with autoplay turned off . Most people do n't need that extra partition . Also , PortableApps.com has a better selection of useful open source software , including Audacity .
 I have had my 2GB SanDisk Cruzer Titanium for over 3 years and I have never had a problem with it . I am a senior in high school , and this flash drive has lived a very rough lift . Its been dropped , stepped on , left in the car in the middle of summer , and its even been pulled out of the computer while files were being written onto it . Through all this , I have never had a single problem with any of the features , U3 included . I would recommend this over the Cruzer Micro simply due to the construction and the read/write speed . On my Titanium , the `` SanDisk '' and `` 2.0 GB '' labels are clearly readable ; my friend has had his Micro for less than a month and already the words , logo , and capacity labels have all been rubbed off , merely from everyday use.In short , I highly recommend this flash drive . With proper use -LRB- or even not so proper -RRB- , you should never have a problem .
 i got this one for my wife . i myself have the 4gb cruzer -LRB- plastic -RRB- and it works great for me .
 I 've used SanDisk to move files for some time . I appreciate the ease , speed and convenience . This has a very substantial feel and has the same quality I 've become used to with SanDisk .
 Does the job for what it 's supposed to do . I got rid of the U3 software within minutes of opening the package . I also have a 1GB Cruzer -LRB- the black one -RRB- and prefer this one with it 's blue light to the orange of the other .
 During the few weeks we have been using the flash drive , we have been very happy with how well it works .
 I like it this is pretty useful and I like the features I bring this EVERYWHERE I even brought it when i went to South Korea !
 I bought this product because my new car player has a usb port and will read flash drives . It works great . No more burning cd 's for a trip or having to haul them around.No clutter and no constantly changing discs . Just put them on this drive and away you go .
 I have two sandisk cruzer flash drives , and i have to say , they 're great . The first one i got has been with me for years , and it 's still working great.The retractable usb connector elliminates the need of a cap , so you never have to worry about loosing it . The materials are very high quality , and the U3 software is usefull for some applications.In my opinion , this is the best usb flash drive out there.I actually started trusting sandisk after this , and went to the store to buy a sansa e260 , wich is great too .
 SanDisk is a well trusted name for a good reason . I trust this flashdrive for long term storage of my files and pictures .
 This is the fourth time I 'm buying one of Cruzer Titanium products . I still have a 512MB one , I always carry my 4GB one on me , and this 2 GB is a replacement for one my son lost . There are also three 1GB Cruzer Micros in use in my family . These products are fast and robust , and we like the U3 function as well . I can also boot Puppy Linux from mine.Good product , lot 's of space , lot 's of fun .
 Great trasnfer speed , and the idea behind the U3 technology is good but a little annoying the inital times .
 I was looking for a capless flash drive so I would n't need to keep track of the cap , and the retractable design of this works well . The hardware functions without problems and is even attractive . The case is real metal -- I know because my magnetic bracelet tried to stick to it ! -LRB- With no harm to either . -RRB- Only warning is that the pre-loaded U3 software tries to load itself every time the drive is inserted into a computer -- REALLY annoying when you are trying to use the drive the transfer files to a colleague and it tries to load onto their machine ! Even when de-activated , the U3 thing claims a drive name for itself . I thought it would be fun to try the U3 functions but I 'm ready to erase the whole thing to get it to stop trying to take over .
 A great value , strong case , easy to use .
 i love this drive , i owned the 1 gig before this one however i have recently moved into a college dorm and found out that an idiot will always find a way to mess things up ... a friend plugged it into his desktop computer and walked by kicking the drive side ways therefore breaking the usb that was sticking out ... but hey the titanium body was still intact . . just empty ...
 I love this flash drive . Not only does does the USB connector slide in a handy fashion -LRB- no more lost caps , as it just retracts into the body -RRB- , but it also works to make Microsoft Vista run extra fast . -LRB- Vista can use some flash drives , including this one , as extra system memory to speed things up -RRB- .
 I had the regular 512MB Cruzer and upgraded to the Titanium because I needed more space and something more compatible with Vista . I am definitely satisfied and even more amazed . It comes with preloaded programs , games and security features . Whatever you do n't want you just erase it . This drive is sleek , tough and all the above . It does not slow my laptop down and file transfers and copies are even faster . I love the blue LED light and the durability of the Titanium . I highly recommend this to anyone with Vista whom needs a compatible jump drive , or anyone looking to buy their first jump drive . The Titanium is definitely it .
 Everyone needs a flash drive ... to pull that work file , your homework , or your favorite playlist , or even your coolest special effects movie.SanDisk is the most well known , the most oft purchased , and in my opinion , the best on the market with the most reasonable prices.This model has `` Skype '' for making videos or making computer to computer phone calls . It has `` cruzersync '' for syncronising files , even Outlook Express . -LRB- I havent used that yet . . Im reading from the box on that one -RRB- . And its Mac ready as well.A strong metal case , a very cool thumb slide that moves the usb plug in/out , and its very fast . My info just zips right into it.I have no idea , really , where the Titaniam is in this thing ... probably its innards . But , you know , who cares ? It does the job and then some.I bought a 4 gig and this 2 gig , both more than enough space to hold anything i want to take from computer to computer .
 Researched beforehand and knew that it would n't mix my cocktails , walk my dogs , and do my oil changes . Bluetooth capacity is limited to conducting phone calls through the car speakers and redialing only , but this was foreclosed in the description and works like a charm . LOVE dialing a phone number and then being able to set the phone down and talk . Unit does not support phone book transfer or caller ID , but at least if somebody steals my truck , they wo n't have all my contacts ... to me , a plus . Sound quality of supported mediums is excellent and interface/button layout is very easy to use and understand . Great value for the money , and front aux input means I can connect my MP3 player and cancel my $ 170 a year satellite subscription ... cost effectiveness !!!
 I did some pre-purchase research for an A2DP-capable headend unit that is reasonably priced , and this was one of the few that I saw . A key factor for me was the capability to stream audio from my phone to the headend unit , in addition to take phone calls thru the unit . This product does all of that nicely . But , it certainly would be nice to see the phone number displayed on the unit when an incoming call arrives , as well as enter phone numbers from it .
 I recently bought this stereo and was really surprised with all the features it has for such a low price . I have used the bluetooth and am able to voice dial and I also have it where it tells me who is calling through the phone 's speaker , so there is no need for the caller i.d. feature which is lacking on this unit . The voice commands and dialing have to be set up by your phone first before you can start using them with the stereo . I do have a Sony w580i phone which might work better than others . Overall the sound quality is great and it does everything it says it would . Definitely worth the price .
 Works well . Really hands free when * receiving * calls . -LRB- but wo n't display who calls -RRB- It has several inbuilt operations , but not intuitive , so you need to dig the manual.Plays all CDs well ; Does the job !! : - -RRB- The display and navigation are not very easy ; does not display local time when playing , but shows play back time . some things are unnecessarily complicated.People get irritated and complain when I talk to them using Blue Tooth phone . Neither they say I sound ` tin ' nor ` inside a well ' nor ` breaking ' . But they say something irritating . the reason is
 Great stereo ! Loved the bluetooth feature which I frequently used to play music stored on my phone via the care stereo .
 This stereo works just fine , the sound quality and bluetooth functions are pretty good and for the price is a 5 stars item .
 I did all of the setup manually -LRB- Im just a geek , but no pro -RRB- and after calling Qwest , I got the username and password needed to setup/With router and modem , I have one less box , one less plug and one less wire . Now if it only had VOIP I could configure with vonage . . it would be ideal.I used this in a Mac/PC enviroment with a small Network harddrive for massive storage for my AppleTV . Has been working great , with the occasional reboot if I experience a problem -LRB- once a week -RRB- . If you 're good at tinkering a little , you can configure speed/port sharing , so i have one port with my Vonage limited , one with my server limited , and other setting for my wireless macs/pcs and my Apple TV . Its really great for that.If you want something simple , or something flexible . this worked for me .
 I bought this item in 2006 -LRB- !!! -RRB- and never got it working properly . My network would be stable and the modem/router would work great for a month or so , and then I 'd go through a period of rebooting it at least daily , then it 'd be OK for a while . Also I could never get encryption or any kind of security on the network , which made me nervous , especially because I 'm surrounded by a dozen other networks in neighboring apartments . The online setup was kind of technical , though it was friendly enough to set up the basic network , but I was never able to figure out how to make it stable . I tried calling my DSL provider , Qwest , and they had me fool around with my network settings but could n't help.Last month I bought a wireless printer and realized that my network was so unstable that adding the printer would probably mess it up , so I started shopping for a new combination modem/router and was surprised at how expensive they are -LRB- I 'd forgotten how much the Zoom cost -RRB- . So I did something radical -- I called Zoom 's customer service . I left a message and a customer service guy called me the next day . Despite my Zoom 's advanced age he understood what it was , went through a few brief diagnostic procedures , and in 10 minutes to set up a new network and encrypt it . Done and done ! Now it works fine and has been stable except for one glitch which I think was due to a power surge . It actually seems to be faster than before.In retrospect , I 'm sure Qwest ruined the original network , and it never occurred to me that setting up a new network would fix things . I 'm only sorry I did n't call , oh , say about 41/2 years ago !
 This is my second Zoom ADSL gateway . The first was the `` wired '' only version . I had no problems what so ever configuring this gateway . Connected to my DSL provider with out a hitch , no degradation in service , either . Configured the wireless with out any problems , too ! I 've configured my unit to use WEP64 , MAC Whitelisting and stealth SSID . It just plain works ! I had questions regarding certain features . I used the Zoom tech support email service . Got my answer in 1 day . The only draw back for me was the manual and online help regarding many of the wireless configuration features was very anemic . As I stated , those questions were quickly answered . Zoom 's warranty is very good ! My old unit needed repair while it was under warranty . I got an RA number in short order . It did take about 2 weeks , but I got an exchange unit and had no further problems . I will continue to use Zoom products and I will continue to recommend their products . This company has been around since the inception of the home PC . I beleive that speaks volumes , they could n't have stayed in business this long offering poor products or service .
 I 've only had it a day so far , but the X6 seems to rock . Top notch signal quality even when it is located on the first floor of a two-story unit . The router setup menu is fast , well organized , and easy to access -LRB- Zoom actually tells you what the IP is in order to manually setup the modem ... unlike these other companies that try and force you to use their quick setup CD or pull your hair out trying to find out the correct IP from the net -RRB- . Internet connection so far has been rock solid all day . All I did to set it up was logged into the router setup page via an internet browser -LRB- IP = 10.0.0.2 -RRB- , setup my DSL username/PW and wireless settings , hit `` Auto configure '' DSL , and walked away.I had a Dlink Wireless Xtreme N + motorola modem and was getting bad signal strength , odd internet behavior , and was rather unimpressed with having all those wires ... so that is why I switched.You know , one thing you might try is making certain the unit is on a flat surface and you might want to put extra thickness tabs on the bottom of the unit so that there is definitely good air flow for it . The feet they include on the unit are super thin and barely allow the vents to breath . Just a thought . Also blow it out with compressed air once a month , keep the dust out . Remember , computer parts do n't like heat!Zoom on , people !
 Zoom modem/wireless router has been flawless in operation . Easy set up , easy install , and easy maintaince . This one unit does it all for me . You cant beat the price .
 I replaced my previous modem because I was n't getting enought througput , even less when a router was placed in between . So I decided to buy a modem with in-built router . I have been very happy with my descision . I am getting full 6 mbps throughtput which my ISP promises . I am also getting much better wireless conectivity than my previous wirelss router .
 When my DSL modem died , I went to the store to discover this hardware combo . What an excellent device to include the 4-port WIRELESS switch/router with the DSL modem ! Less hardware , less cables , more simplistic . I have a mixed PC/Mac environment and used the PC for setup since the included CD did n't mention anything about Macs . The install assistant was worthless . It actually just shows you photos of which cables go where , then it makes you restart the PC ! There is an extensive . pdf manual on the CD , and if you pop the disc into you Mac , you 'll find the English version of it in the `` Mac '' folder . - Along with with a `` Glossary '' . pdf and a `` Support '' . pdf . So while I do wish Zoom included good old fashioned paper versions of these , they did do a good job of including all of this on the CD , but you do have to look!Luckily , Zoom did include a small sheet of paper showing the IP address , user ID & password needed to access the settings through a web browser . I found the setup to be pretty straight forward and the setup menus are laid out well . The menus are completely different from Linksys , but very easy to navigate . When it was all setup and done , my Mac & PC were talking to each other , but I still was n't connected to the Internet . After calling SBC/ATT I spoke with a rep who admitted they did n't officially support any modems that are n't sold by ATT , but he took a stab at my settings anyway . It turned out that I needed my full SBC email address as the user ID , not just the first portion . The second I saved the settings , I connected to the internet!I also found the WEP security settings very easy to setup and a nice strong signal emitting from the X6 . Once the device is setup , you can virtually forget about it . I ca n't speak for this devices longevity yet , but it 's nice knowing it has a 2-year warranty.One thing missing on the back of this unit -LRB- like many current routers -RRB- is an UPLINK jack to daisy chain this into another router if necessary . Being that this is designed for a home/small office environment , it 's probably not a big deal for most users who will never need to upgrade beyond 4 ports.I think networking gear reviews need to be taken with a grain of salt . Most of us -LRB- myself included -RRB- are NOT network professionals . Networking computers is considered by many , to be the hardest thing to do in I-T . Since it is a complicated scenario , many people I believe make the mistake of blaming the hardware , when many times , they have incorrect settings or software issues causing them to pull their hair out . Overall , I think networking companies are doing an excellent job making equipment that can now be installed by the average Joe . 10 or 15 years ago , that was unheard of .
 It worked well , simple configuration -LRB- the DSL autoconfig needed some manual tuning -RRB- . There are no DSL error messages , which can be annoying if your are trying to troubleshoot.Its Wireless and NAT worked like a charm . Easy to config .
 The Zoom X6 is a good combo if you are wanting a little less clutter on your desk . I did not have much luck with the install disk though , I went online and found the users manual to get it set up . Works very nicely indeed . Would have rated it a 5 if the install software worked . The speed of my connection is great for both my ADSL service and wireless network .
 I bought this while in the throes of tech-horror . I was trying to get a wireless network going with my mac and stereo and spent days fooling with settings and rebooting my old Actiontec wireless modem each time . Yuk ! A mac tech suggested a new modem . It did n't help with the network -- noone could figure out why , but I never could set one up . However , I 'm very happy with the modem . It 's strong , it restarts and connects flawlessly , and I 've had absolutely no trouble with it . As far as I 'm concerned , the best electronic equipment is the stuff that I can just forget about . The zoom is just that .
 I 've been using my 900 now for 9 months and I am very pleased with the quality of picture and manual controls . I previously only rented cameras and only used the Canon XL-1 and Sony VX1000 previously of which got me very interested in digital camcorders.At first I had doubts about the 900 as it looks so much smaller and cheaper when compared to the XL-1 or VX1000 . It just did n't give that professional look -LRB- You have to admit the XL-1 is pretty cool looking -RRB- . That has been somewhat of a hinderance when making professional video productions and I show up with what looks like a small family video camera . So as first impressions go clients sometimes think your joking . But it was n't long before people were very impressed with the picture and sound quality -LRB- I use seperate mics as in all camcorders I have found the built in mics pic up motor noise of the digital tape - for those who do n't know these use MiniDV tapes so even though they are digital they still store the video on a cassette -RRB- . On the plus side to being small camera it allows me to do things I could n't do with the larger XL-1 and it is also lighter , easier to manoeuvre , and has a much more useful battery life.I found the controls behind the LCD a little bothersome when I needed to quickly access those controls when the LCD is closed but fortunately most manual controls are easily accessible on the back or front of the camera . I also loved the manual audio level feature but I wished it had it on an outside knob/button and not have to select it from multiple pull down menus on the LCD screen . But I found the manual controls more useful than the VX1000 . The XL-1 had easy to access manual controls as well and in fact if I had to choose I would pick the XL-1 controls setup over the TRV-900 but that could be because that was the first digital camera I learned to operate and get familiar with.My video quality is I believe clearer for most shots on the 900 than the work I did on the XL-1 and it also was easier to avoid hot spots if an interview subject turns causing a bad reflection from the lighting as it has a nice zebra mode to show you hot spots . On the downside I did find the XL-1 a bit better in lower light levels and it has what I feel is a better quality lens which is also interchangeable . It is most likely due to the better lens on the XL-1 that it did n't resort to digital enhancements that washed out blacks to a slightly towards grey in poor light conditions when filming motion . The 900 has low light level settings but can only be used for still shots as the frame rate is too slow for normal video , but it does sharpen up a still image quite nicely in poor light.Overall I am very happy with the product . I did a fair amount of research before buying it and it paid off for my needs . I was able to find I could get this camera along with XLR adapters and a basic steady cam for the same price it was going to cost me for just the XL-1 . And I much preferred the 900 over the VX1000.For those curious I use this camera to make video productions -LRB- mostly promotional videos -RRB- and I can obtain broadcast quality video using this camera along with a good video editing card on a PC . If you plan on purchasing a DV camera to make a production or even a movie I would recommend the TRV-900 or at least a digital camera with the 3CCD feature . -LRB- Yes you can have a DV recording converted to 35mm film for theatres but your looking at probably $ 45,000 US plus for a 1.5 hr feature and then there is the whole issue of getting someone to run with it -RRB- . If your interest is not in professional or near professional quality and do n't want the expense of the 3CCD camera I would still highly recommend a digital camera -LRB- either DV or miniDV -RRB- . I also use a TRV-9 and in good lighting it can come pretty close at first glance to my TRV-900 for sharpness . It also has a very cool night shot feature where you can get a black and white image in absolute blackness -LRB- only for about 10-20 feet from the camera though -RRB- . The biggest advantage to digital video is it has a much higher bandwidth designated for image colors than your standard home video camera including Hi-8 , VHS , S-VHS and even the Digital Hi-8 -LRB- which is in between Hi-8 and Digital Hi-8 -RRB- . Higher color bandwidth means a better picture quality and there is more information there for your editor to work with thus there is less loss in rendered edited video . The advantage of the 3CCD feature on cameras such as the TRV-900 means more realistic colors -LRB- one chip is dedicated for each of the 3 primary colors -RRB- I hope this review is useful for those of you debating the should I get a 3CCD camera or not .
 I wrote a review after I had decided to purchase the DCR-TRV900 -LRB- see `` Great for a Mac DV user '' -RRB- . Since then , I 've had a few e-mails asking how it works in practice.I have no trouble capturing video from my TRV900 to my Apple PowerBook G3 `` Bronze . '' What I thought I expected was the size of DV video clips -- 16GB -LRB- yes , gigabytes -RRB- for one hour of video with sound . I ordered a 37GB drive , and now have an additional 75GB drive on backorder . Keep that in mind if you decide to do your own video editing on a computer.I learned that you should record a signal across the entire MiniDV tape before you use it . This makes capturing easier , since unrecorded sections have no timecode , creating a ` new ' zero-point for subsequent footage . The TRV900 has a very nice Color Bar feature which is perfect for this basic signal.I never thought I 'd use the flip-out LCD screen . I use it all the time . I did video 15 years ago in high school , and thought I preferred viewfinders . I was wrong . Further , you can flip it all the way around so your subject can see what the camera sees , and kids LOVE this . -LRB- The viewfinder starts working when you do this . -RRB- One feature which has provided great entertainment is the Frame Recording . This will record about six frames of video and then pause . Using a tripod and the remote control , you can do a decent job of stop-motion animation.I bought the 8-hour battery , and it was worth it . The included battery is next to useless for any recreational recording.Finally , I got the PCMCIA adapter for the Memory Stick . The TRV900 has a PCMCIA slot for recording still images at 640x480 resolution , with varying compression levels , and I 've used it a lot . -LRB- The progressive scan is always on for this Memory Mode ; you can turn it on or off for Camcorder mode if you want video frames you can capture . -RRB- I also ended up buying Sony 's USB Memory Stick reader so I do n't have to remove my Ratoc FireWire card from my PowerBook.Overall , I 'd say this is an excellent camera for someone who wants to do home video editing and enjoys playing with the medium . For me , having fun is a big part of videotaping ... this camera is a fun camera .
 I used to be a professional photographer , TV news videographer and news producer , so I was weaned on high quality broadcast quality TV pictures from expensive pro equipment . They are sharp , with excellent color and low noise . Consumer camcorders , even digital ones , left me cold . They just did n't cut it compared to the pro gear I had used . That is , until I saw the Sony TRV900.This baby is really a sleeper . The picture quality from this 3 chip camera is professional quality . The picture is very sharp , digital artifacts are not noticeable , and the picture is amazingly noise free , even in marginal light . -LRB- In low light , it 's noisy , like all CCD cameras . -RRB- Manual controls on almost everything let you tweak the picture as you learn more.It does n't look `` pro '' so it might not impress your friends , until they see the results . And the sound quality is not quite up to the picture quality , at least with the built in mics . But if you want to really do some fine quality videography which could be shown anywhere , even on network TV , this is your best choice .
 The TRV-900 is , by far , the best camcorder you can buy short of a professional model . The picture quality blows away the competition -LRB- must be those 3 CCD 's -RRB- . In most cases , you wo n't be able to tell the difference between the TRV 900 and professional cameras costing several times its price . The TRV-900 has every feature a consumer could want , including a progressive scan mode that lets you take high quality still pictures and save them directly to tape or a flash memory card -LRB- not included -RRB- . You can also capture still images from tape and save them on a floppy disk -LRB- drive included -RRB- or flash card.The LCD screen is large and bright . The menu controls are easy to use once you decipher the manual -LRB- see below -RRB- . Sound quality is noticeably better than other camcorders I have used . Low light performance is great . For those who are interested , all automatic exposure , white balance and focus functions can be overriden and controlled manually.On the down side , the unit is a bit heavier and a bit larger than most other mini-dv camcorders . You have to open the lcd screen to reach the button that activates the menu controls . The camcorder comes with a very nice lens hood , but it is threaded in such a way that you can not install a filter between the lens and the hood - you have to install filters in front of the hood thereby increasing the risk of glare . Finally , the manual was obviously translated from Japanese and is full of annoying little errors.But these are all minor shortcomings that do nothing to detract from the amazing picture quality and features . In summary , if you are looking for a Mini DV camcorder and can afford this one , then you need look no further .
 I decided to get this camcorder for the better picture -LRB- 3CCD -RRB- and slew of excellent features versus some cheaper models . I have not had reason to regret my choice ! I do action photography and have actually been able to capture some stills off it that are quite impressive . Nowhere near as colorful and crisp as my Canon SLR can give me , but quite useable . And without the cost and time of having to take a slew of photos , develop them , print them and scan them in . Do n't be fooled by cameras that might offer more than 640x480 resolution ... larger pictures do n't do you much good if they are n't as good quality ! These are almost as good as some digital cameras give you . In fact , I will be selling my digital camera off , as I do n't really need it in addition to this camcorder and my regular camera.The camera is a little larger and heavier than some other digital camcorders , and it does not come with a memory stick included . Instead it includes a floppy disk adapter for capturing stills off your tapes . Neat to have , but not real useful in the field . Be sure you get the PC Card Adapater as well as a memory stick , this camera does not take them directly.I love the LCD screen , it will flip completely over and lay flat against the side facing out . Really nice for watching playbacks . It gives quite good sound and is nice and bright . The battery life is actually not bad at all , compared to a digital camera ! But still worth getting an extended battery . Be careful about getting the highest life ones , they are quite big and heavy.Controls are pretty well placed and easy to use . I like having things like a neutral density filter turned on with a simple button push . Overall , the useability of this camera is very well-thought out and implemented . If you want a quality camcorder that will last you a long time , this is one of the best for the price you can get .
 This really is a hot camcorder . Combine it with a PC and some editing software from a company like Digital Origin , and you can really create some fabulous videos . One feature that is not to be underestimated
 ... You want it - you got it . Excellent picture quality ; Sony steady-shot that really works ; still-image capture to tape -LRB- or extra adapter card + memory stick a must ! -RRB- ; bright LCD display ; variable audio feedback ; IEEE firewire , controls that are easy to reach and are learned-responses for those familiar with previous Sony cams.Specifically , we use this unit for green-screen compositing of people , environments , and virtual products . The firewire coupled with Adobe Premier is a god-send . Simply said , that is essentially all you need -LRB- plus consistent overall lighting in a green-screen environment -RRB- . G3 or PC - firewire will suck it down as fast as anything I 've seen.Positively get the custom aluminum case if you do a lot of travel and want to keep your camera happy . This will keep all your components safe and somewhat easily accessible . Get a 2 + hour battery ; the NP-750 battery has plenty of gas - surprisingly the LCD does not drain the juice too quickly . A PC transfer card for the memory stick would be nice - but you can get away with plugging the IEEE and transferring from memory card or to tape.The construction and attention to product detail is marvelous . Little rubber covers , positive audio clicks , all the nifty nick-nacks want you to have Sony make your next car . Sure there are a few quirks - but there 's few products that have such high quality and high value as the TRV900 !
 Having a background in commercial television I did not believe that production on that level is possible at this price level . You will be amazed at the quality . I recommend the memory stick for still pictures and you will need the floppy adapter for the computer . Your stills will be outstanding . Couple all this with fire wire capture and a good editing program -LRB- Adobe 5.1 c -RRB- and your finished product will be excellent . The money to step up to this is well spent .
 I chose the DCR-TRV900 after extensive market research and have not been disappointed . Power supply is n't a problem anymore using the FP-950 battery as I can use it all day on photo/video shoots . The large LCD display is excellent for both recording and playback , even outdoors . However , it is sometimes inconvenient to have to open the LCD panel to access the Menu button . The picture colour and resolution quality is excellent , easily as good as some ` semi-pro ' cameras in the 2-3 times price category . I use a 32MB memory card and can store up to around 170x jpg images at the SuperFine setting . I would have liked image resolution of 800x600 but the 640x480 is fine for video editing purposes . Having the recording capability for DV , S-Video and composite video is a real bonus , especially for making DV master copies of current and past projects . The manual controls take some practice due to their small size and Menu driven operation , especially if adjustments have to be made ` on the run ' but all in all , I have n't been disappointed with my choice of video camera .
 I bought this camera about two weeks before leaving for a vacation in Europe . I wanted to take digital photos -LRB- my husband , who did not accompany me , wanted the high-quality video and did n't want two cameras -RRB- . It is so easy to use you hardly need the manual . I was thrilled to have the video so I could narrate the tour through my very strange hotel in Brighton , and capture the crowd 's frenzy during the changing of the guards at Buckingham Palace . While I could not view my video on European TVs , I could watch it on the sparkling color panel.You can take stills on a memory stick -LRB- adapter and memory stick optional -- mine was 32MB and was enough for more than 170 photos -RRB- , onto the tape , or capture a still image from the video playback . Best of all , you can preview what your picture will look like and capture it or not . Later , in your room , you can selectively delete any photos that do n't look good.Optical zoom is fabulous -LRB- the equivalent of 50mm to 210mm on a 35mm camera -RRB- . Use a tripod for steadiness on the longest zoom . Do n't bother with any of the digital doo-dads -- your pictures will be so wonderful you wo n't need them.The stills are only 640 x 480 , so a digital still camera might be a better choice for high res photos . This camera also does n't see that well in the dark , though you can get a video light for it.Bottom line is you will get fabulous video and beautiful stills in an easy to use package .
 The software mentioned on my May 16th review IS called `` AVID Xpress '' -- not `` AVID Express '' -- when my review was edited someone changed the spelling , possibly thinking it was a typo/mistake ?
 I bought the TRV 900 in September of 1999 and have been very pleased these past few years . This camera is lightweight enough to travel with ... with me , it 's been from Italy to Arizona ... and produces clean , colorful pictures . I can also grab `` still '' pictures from my videos and have a perfectly captured photo -LRB- i.e. the perfect smile on someone 's face or a moment in which a bird dives into a shot etc. -RRB- My only wish with this photo function is that the still photos had better picture quality ... as good as the video . Nevertheless , it is still a fun function and allows me to send my photos from trips to others via email . The camera has many special effects which are fun to work with such as black and white , sepia tone , negative -LRB- great for manually made titles -RRB- , slim -LRB- make yourself thinner ! -RRB- , stretch -LRB- make people on the beach fatter ! -RRB- , posterized effects etc. . . if you can edit in your head , these effects can save rendering time later . -LRB- For editing , I 've used AVID EXpress DV . The Sony TRV 900 footage loads nicely into the AVID Express DV editing system and is a pleasure to work with . AVID Express DV editing software is expensive -LRB- 2K -RRB- and does have somewhat of a learning curve but with time and effort is well worth the money . If you get this software and you 're new to editing , get a turnkey system from a place such as Promax . -RRB-
 I have owned my TRV-900 since it was first released and have nothing but praise for the product . This product produces amazing image quality , is well laid out functionally , and I would put a video produced on the 900 up against a Betacam SP anyday .
 Having searched the market for a DV that is light , full of features , video and still capture , down-loadable , easy to pack ... I could go on and on ... but these were important features for me.Getting ready to trek the globe via backpack for 18 months , I will be utilizing `` Internet Cafe ` s '' the world over and the 900 provides me with all the features I need and more to send pictures back home via e-mail and to add to websites.I am definatly a consumer . . not a wannabe professional.It 's fun to use , light , picture quality is exciting , I would recommend this DV to anyone looking to buy a system that will provide great quality in a small package.The manual could be better and the availability of accessories could also be better . But this in no way deters from my pride of ownership
 Stuck looking for that PERFECT camera ? Look no further . If this camera is in your price range , this is the one . Excellent broadcast picture quality , loads of features that can be used if you desire the manual settings , tons of add-ons available .
 When I received my new camera I was using a borrowed PC100 . I did not return the later right away 'cause I wanted to do a little test to prove if the 3CCD system was truly that different.My wife asked me what I was doing , to which I answered
 You want it - you got it . Excellent picture quality ; Sony steady-shot that really works ; still-image capture to tape -LRB- or extra adapter card + memory stick a must ! -RRB- ; bright LCD display ; variable audio feedback ; IEEE firewire , controls that are easy to reach and are learned-responses for those familiar with previous Sony cams.Specifically , we use this unit for green-screen compositing of people , environments , and virtual products . The firewire coupled with Adobe Premier is a god-send . Simply said , that is essentially all you need -LRB- plus consistent overall lighting in a green-screen environment -RRB- . G3 or PC - firewire will suck it down as fast as anything I 've seen.Positively get the custom aluminum case if you do a lot of travel and want to keep your camera happy . This will keep all your components safe and somewhat easily accessible . Get a 2 + hour battery ; the NP-750 battery has plenty of gas - surprisingly the LCD does not drain the juice too quickly . A PC transfer card for the memory stick would be nice - but you can get away with plugging the IEEE and transferring from memory card or to tape.The construction and attention to product detail is marvelous . Little rubber covers , positive audio clicks , all the nifty nick-nacks want you to have Sony make your next car . Sure there are a few quirks - but there 's few products that have such high quality and high value as the TRV900 !
 I find it helpful to read the reviews of consumers that have already bought the product . But click on the review from Wayne C4 listed here where it says `` Wayne C4 -LRB- see more about me -RRB- '' and he has reviewed 40 + items with many of them using the same words in the review or with only a few words changed . And the items are similar that he reviewed . So he has obviously not purchased these items . So be careful what you read here . Shame on you Wayne C4 .
 I have been using it for six months now and am very pleased . The larger batteries can interfer with the view finder however , this is not an issue when using the flip out LCD display.Great image quality . The still image function works great with a PC Card .
 3CCD camera which gives excellent picture quality - nearly pro broadcast quality . Fantastic compatibility with Firewire and DV , important to know if you are going to edit video on your home computer .
 This is the only DV camera I 've used , but I 'm very happy with it so far . I do n't own one , but my school does and so far it 's been incredible . Great resolution , very light , pretty stable picture for a light consumer camcorder and oh my god , the difference between Hi-8 and DV is like night and day . Also , the digital effects can be used without looking cheesy . I recommend it whole-heartedly .
 I find myself using the DCR-TRV900 as a digital camera almost as a matter of course . I purchased the Sony 64Mb memory card -LRB- you need to also buy the PCMCIA attachment that it fits in -RRB- and taking pictures is a veritable joy . The supplied floppy drive is next to useless - in fact , I do n't know how you 'd use it in an active environment . There are manual options
 Experience shows that when Sony introduces a first new product in its class , they make a killer product to strenghten their image . This camcorder is one of them -LRB- the others are their first SACD , first DVD player , first walkman , first digital walkman , first trinitron TV , etc. . . -RRB- This camcorder provides broadcast quality -- sharpness , color saturation are first rate . I also tried other 1 CCD camcorders and none of them come close to the performance and construction quality of TRV900 . The only drawback I can think of is the TRV900 has a bit of bluish tone in the color which ca n't be adjusted and the brightness is one stop too bright -LRB- which can be adjusted -RRB-
 This is the camcorder I will buy on my next paycheck . I own an Apple PowerBook G3 -LRB- bronze -RRB- , and needed a camcorder , as we 're expecting our first child in August . Why not go with DV?You learn a lot ! First Adobe Premiere is cheaper than Apple 's Final Cut Pro . Then you find out that Premiere works better with Sony cameras than Canon . Then you find out that only some FireWire cards work with Premiere and which Sony models those support . If you are like me , you learn that you have two models that could work , and one of them was just discontinued . The DCR-TRV900 was perfect ! Well , NightShot would have been fun , but it has everything else . I went to a video store to handle it , and it works as advertised ; even the SteadyShot!Next step is to see how it works in combination , but all signs point to a good experience .
 I have owned the trv900 for over a month now . I bought it instead of the VX 1000/2000 because of the smaller size and price . -LRB- about half the size of the vx2000 and 2/3 the price . -RRB- It has a 52mm lens front , color viewfinder , 3.5 '' LCD screen , and of course 3 CCDs . The camera is just over 3 years old -LRB- as of Aug. 2001 -RRB- , but do n't let that stop you from choosing it over the vx2000 because the image quality is right on par with it . Some people think the image is a little `` colder '' than the 2000 , but since the Trv900 has full manual control -LRB- including manual audio , without the `` hiss '' the Vx2000 is now infamous for -RRB- you can easily adjust the picture to your liking . Some good things about the camera are : -3 1/4 '' CCDs.-Full manual control including focus , white bal , iris , and audio.-Amazing resolution . -LRB- I got about 520 vertical lines in my own tests -RRB- . - Zebra stripes -LRB- Black bands that appear in over exposed areas -RRB- . - Color bars.-A really good onboard mic rivaled only by the XL1 's . - Great LCD screen and nice color viewfinder.-PCMCIA Type II slot for memory cards.-PAL playback.Things that need improving : - The included lens hood . -LRB- ca n't screw on filters between the lens and hood without modification -RRB- . - Low light preformance . -LRB- not bad , but the vx2000 is WAY better -RRB- . - Telephoto is only 12x -LRB- the GL1 has a 20x -RRB- . - Battery must be charged on camera , a rather annoying feature sony is implementing on its `` newer '' cameras . You can buy a seperate charger though.-I have read reports of a `` tape crinkle '' after a year or so but I cant prove or disprove them as I have not had the camera that long.In conclusion the Trv900 is a great camera with outstanding resolution with full manual control . You will not regret buying this camera over the other 3ccd models out there .
 Ok , I feel compelled to share my initial thoughts on my new Samsung HP-R5072 50 '' plasma TV . After comparing many options in person , and doing a great deal of research online - including reading through every review I could find - I decided on the Samsung over my other top finalists
 Note
 FYI . Note that this description does n't match the manufacturer 's . The Samsung website states that this model has a 10 speaker -LRB- 2-way -RRB- sound system with 15-Watts per channel for a total of 30-Watts . I did n't get clarification with their customer department .
 The product online is the product that was shipped . I received the package in three days while it was expected to arrive 5-7 . I was very impressed .
 This Cardbus adapter installed painlessly in my Acer Aspire 3500 laptop . Windows XP Pro recognized the adapter immediately and installed the drivers from it 's own driver cache - I did not have to use the driver disc supplied with the adapter . In Device Manager , the adapter is indicated as a `` Texas Instruments PCI-1410 Cardbus Controller '' , with a `` VIA OHCI Complient IEEE 1394 Host Controller '' . I have tested the USB ports with a couple of different USB thumb drives and a Logitech IR mouse . I tested the firewire ports with my Canon HV-20 camcorder , and these also work -LRB- NOTE , the Acer Aspire turns out to have insufficient processor power and HDD access is too slow for capturing video from the camera , however , this is NOT the fault of the cardbus adapter being reviewed here -RRB- . So far the adapter appears to be exactly what I wanted . It adds two USB 2.0 and two Firewire ports -LRB- 1 four pin and 1 six pin -RRB- - this is a nice addition to my older laptop for only $ 30 . It sticks out about 1.25 '' from the side of the laptop , so plan on having to remove it to put your laptop back in most carry bags . NOTE
 The installation of drivers for this card was easy , and I now have easy access to firewire and USB 2.0 on my notebook . There is an optional AC adapter available for this product , but for use on my desk , I just use a firewire/USB hub combo that is powered . I have nine hardware devices daisy-chained from this card to powered hubs with no problems at all . It is recommended to only use one USB port at a time unpowered , such as on the road . I do n't expect to need more than that if I 'm mobile .
 Plug and play product , no installation needed , works flawlessly with my IPOD .
 I was skeptical to buy this product without a review . But ordered it , got it in timely manner from TigerDirect and installation was a piece of cake . It is so far working flawlessly for last 1 month .
 Wow ! I can not say enough about the features that are on this recorder . Every thing that I can ask for in a hand held full size cassett recorder / player . The variable speed is excellent for long lectures or events . On a standard 90 minute tape you can set the recorder at half speed and get 3 hours on it ! Good quality play back , voice activated , tape counter , mic / phone jacks , AC/DC , etc. . My only concern is the long term quality - made in China verses Japan . For the money impossible to beat this deal . So good that my wife took it away and uses it !
 Have used the printer many times with satisfaction every time , Am finding trouble getting refill paper and cartridges from Sony and other dealers . A terrific product and the color prints are outstanding . Very reliable . Highly recommended
 The Bose Radio Alarm Clock I purchased looks good and sounds great ! I have always wanted a Bose and now I have one , it was well worth the wait . The way the sound fills up the room is amazing . I will be purchasing other Bose items in the future .
 The product I ordered is BOSE Wave Radio Clock which , I purchased for my boyfriend . I did not tell him that is a refurbished model . Other than the packaging is came in I do not think he will even know the difference . The sound quality is the same great product as a brand new version for a fraction of the price !
 Yeah it 's expensive but I believe it 's worth it . It 's a very quality piece ; you can tell just by touching it . Very hefty and it 's made of a very high grade plastic it just feels very substantial.I really enjoy the auto dim feature and its dual alarms . Although I enjoy its remote , I find myself hitting this snooze without ever getting up out of the bed!The AM/FM tuner is one of Bose best and I have no problem tuning any of my favorite stations . Some people have a real problem with Bose products just because they 're Bose . Although I 'm not a big fan of their Home Entertainment systems , this is by far the best sounding clock radio I 've heard . It does require being positioned correctly for the bass reflex per the instruction Manual.I took this to work about two years ago and I know of at least four people that have bought the wave radio after listening to mine . If and when this unit fails I will be buying another wave radio .
 Bose Wave radio is such a great sounding radio . It is the best alarm clock too . I 've had mine for over 10 years and bought this one for my Mom 's birthday . She uses her radio more like a stereo system . She tells me all the time how much she loves her radio and how great the sound quality is .
 This is the original , the first of its kind . Then came the copies . This radio from Bose may look pricey to you but once you know all you can do with this it is very useful and you do n't mind the price anymore and think your money was spent well . The sound of this radio is VERY clear , you get every little detail in music , and it is lifelike and spacious too . I have seen this rado used in big stores , they just put one radio on one corner and the other on the farther opposite one , and the sound is amazing . Deep bass , clear sound , just like if there were a lot of speakers placed around the store . The FM Antenna is integrated into the electric cord and it can pick a lot more stations than any other conventional system , as much stations as a car . It 's very sad to see people criticize this system instead of appreciate it . It has enough bass and it is always deep , except in RARE cases of songs that have too much bass and it does n't go down deep enough to hit those notes . Just make sure to place the radio close to a wall , especially right in a corner , to boost bass by a lot ! This radio makes FM sound like CDs and CDs sound even better than they should . You even have one RCA Input to connect something like your computer or DVD Player and enjoy great crystal clear bassy sound for movies and MP3s in your computer or games too . For movies you do n't feel the surround effects as if they were behind you but they sound very spacious and clear , away from you , getting the feeling of almost surround sound , as long as you are close to the radio . Also if the radio is right in front of you the bass is way deeper , so if you will use it in your computer there 's no problem since you 'll have it in your desk in front of you . It is built from quality , and the speakers dont distort even at loud volumes . The only thing is if you go over 95 in volume the bass is n't as strong , but you 'll never have to go over 75 or 80 for sure . This system is great even outdoors or at parties too . It 's great to wake up to GREAT sound and it 's very nice how the alarm starts quietly and gets louder slowly and also how the display dims depending on how much light there 's in your room . This is a product you have to place well and use well , and you will enjoy it for years . I suggest the Bose Wave Radio Series 1 over a Bose Companion 3 and Bose Mediamates for your computer , mainly for even better sound quality then them and more surround soundish effects . The Wave Radio/CD Series 2 or Bose Wave Music System -LRB- new name for Wave Radio/CD2 -RRB- just came out , and it was n't over 3 months since I bought my Wave Radio for $ 350 , so I was able to exchange it for the latest one for $ 500 with CD , even deeper bass , even more clear sound , louder volumes , same shape and size but it looks A LOT more cooler ! It kills the first series by a lot in bass -LRB- it feels like a big subwoofer and all songs get bass no matter what -RRB- , adds extra volume , sound is even more lifelike and has better imaging , especially for movies . It 's worth the extra $ 150 ! Bose is the best in sound . Those who do n't like Bose either bash them for the sake of it , bash them because of not doing thorough testing with their products , bash them by believing what `` audiophiles '' say in reviews , bash them with opinions more than facts and probably have n't even heard the Bose Product they are bashing . Get the Wave radio or even better the New Wave Music System and you will be happy forever with your system ! It will surely become the main system in your house . -LRB- I have on my computer Bose Mediamates with a Klipsch sub , for my movies a Bose Freestyle with an RCA 650 watt receiver , for portability Bose headphones and CD Player and since I bought the Wave radio and then the Wave Music System , I 've been using it more than the others , by the way it is great to wake up to a CD , thats another feature you get with the new Radio ! -RRB- Bose is about making lifelike sound . If youd rather have fake sound with way too much treble , or fake bass that goes way past the levels of real bass -LRB- I am talking about insane deafning bass -RRB- then dont call that kind of sound lifelike please ! Many radios may get close to the original Bose Wave Radio and Wave Radio/CD but none beat the newest Bose Wave Music system .
 If ever there is a doubt about whether or not there is a better sounding clock radio/CD player system , just compare the sound of any other comparable system . That 's when you will discover there is no comparable system regardless of price . Truly , Bose offers the very best in home audio products you can buy . Yes , there are more expensive systems , larger systems and systems with more components but , solely based on sound performance , reliability and consistency at every volume level , I 'm sure you will discover how amazing some of your favorites sound on the Bose wave radio and Bose wave radio CD players.No , I have never received any compensation from Bose and I have never been employed by them . Besides , if this was n't true , you could never buy my opinion . You will enjoy this system for many a holiday and for many , many years to come .
 Who would 've thought a clock radio could sound so great ? This is a product for those who want real-world usefulness and high quality sound at the same time.Superb Quality & DesignThe first thing you 'll notice , of course , is the awesome sound . How Bose consistently packs such a spacious , open sound coupled with thumping bass into such a little package I will never get . But they 've done it again with this unit . The unit is also heavy and extremely solidly built for its size . With normal use , you get the feeling that it 's not gon na break , and I 've never had a single problem with it , ever.However , the co-star of this awesome production , if you will , is its ease of use.All the controls are centrally located in one spot on the top of the radio , and they 're intelligently arranged using LARGE buttons in 7 rows according to topic . * Main buttons on the top * Tuning buttons next * A full SIX radio presets follow * Then volume up and down * AUX - AM/FM - ON/OFF buttons -LRB- On/Off is blue so you can spot it easy , all others black -RRB- * Then a BIG FAT sleep button , so you ca n't miss it when you 're just waking up from a late Friday night.In other words , it 's a piece of cake to use this radio . You do n't need a degree in engineering to figure out how to operate it , like so many high-tech stereo gadgets these days . And the remote follows the same procedure
 We received this radio as a gift about four years ago and have enjoyed it considerably since . My only regret was that the unit did not include a cd player as well.Having said that , the unit delivers everything one would expect from a Bose radio . The sound quality is excellent . There is no static , and one can work for hours with classical music in the background . Our radio is located atop a file cabinet behind our desks . It makes for great listening.I would agree with another reviewer , the FM does indeed sound like a quality CD quality recording . And , as that writer noted , listeners can indeed add a dvd or cd player via the input jack provided . This is a slightly clumsy arrangement , but you ca n't beat the sound that results.We have not compared this system to others on the market , but it 's hard to imagine that any relatively small radio unit could ever sound better . To the extent that newer Bose models have been improved , I would recommend the product without hesitation .
 I should have read the description and realized it was not black , I went by the picture , but ~ ~ ~ it is an awesome product and a fabulous buy ! The sound quality is as good as any i have heard , and as far as the remote , it was easy to find one . Came packaged safe and clean ! I would recommend this seller and hope to use again my self .
 Met all of my expectations , plus the dealer forgot to send the remote . It was sent a few weeks later .
 First I want to start by saying , `` People have their own opinions about things for different reasons . '' I had to listen to several Bose radios before I put my 2 cents in . And I have listened to quite a few and have always thought they sounded great . I see all the Bose Bashing going on and the comparisons of Tivoli , Boston Acoustics , Cambridge , etc. . The one that 's good is Tivoli Model 2 and that 's because the radio sounds nice -LRB- and if you have the complete system -RRB- . But some owners say it sounds artificial but good . I do n't want that . This model has everything you need in a small system . I wanted a radio with AM/FM reception , CD Player , Alarm Clocks , and an Aux . port so I can plug in my Ipod and listen to my vast collection . This little system gave me the options I had to have . Some of the systems people are comparing this radio to do n't have the features this one has . It 's very nice when I play my Ipod and the music is crystal clear . All the radio stations are crisp and clear , too . I can set two alarms , wake up to music on Radio or CD . The light dims and makes it very comfortable for me at night . And I love the presets for my favorite stations.I like this little radio because the sound is great ; it can get pretty loud and is very bassy . The sound spills into other rooms but it 's not loud and noisy . The sound is crisp and clear and that 's why it carries . If wanted a big boombox , I would have bought one . This little system is n't big and clunky nor does it take up a lot of room . Plus , I can take it in the kitchen if I 'm preparing a big meal and enjoy my music . But mostly , it stays in the bedroom for my listening pleasure , my exercise routines or my meditation CD 'S . It gets high marks by me . And when I 'm in the mood for the BIG BOOM I listen to my Bose Entertainment System which is connected to my TV and I can play my music and let it rip through the entire house . Different strokes for different folks . But for me , I love the clarity , the highs , lows and the way my music sounds with both systems . 5 Stars because of the options and great sound this little unit has . Now , there 's my 2 cents on The Bose Wave Radio .
 I feel compelled to comment on the Canon vs Sonycomparison . I 've used both and find the TRV8 's picture as good orbetter than the Optura and Elura . The audio for the Canon models was horrible , the Sony is good , not perfect . As far as value , the Sony gets the nod . I love the size -- the light weight will make you use the camera all the time . The only drawback is that some of the controls are a little too small for my large hands.This camera easily connects to a computer via Firewire . This is very cool . I connect to my Mac and I can control the camera functions on screen , capture clips , edit and output back to tape or as a digital file on my hard drive . Granted , the Canon cameras can do this too -- the Sony makes it easier since capture and device control is approved in Premiere and Final Cut Pro- -- the two major editing software programs .
 Sony outdid themselves with this camera . It has all the digital effects you need in a cam corder with the ability to take still shots at a touch of the button . The dv tape is small and easy to carry around . It holds both the digital pictures and the video on the same film . This makes it easy to record in both modes when at an affair . The result is a video record with 5 second sound bites when still shots are used . Comes with a good grouping of transfer methods from firewire to svideo to infra red . Movies can be quickly loaded onto computer and easy to edit .
 I bought this for distributing family videos . Since this camera contains a IEEE 1394 adapter , it 's very simple to transfer video to a computer . It has lived up to it 's promises .
 Great picture . Wonderful features . Easy to use . Terrific 3.5 '' LCD screen . Goes in my pocket . Firewire for my computer . I am very lucky to have it . A great investment ! Can you see me smiling ?
 I would actually give this camera a 4.5 / 5 , but since there is n't the option , I will just round up . This camera is fantastic for what it does for its size and price . I could n't decide whether to go for the PC-1 or the PC-100 -LRB- the little rectangular cams . -RRB- or this camera , which holds true to the `` standard camcorder shape '' ; but , after trying out the alternative designs , I found them to cramp my hand and just be awkward to use with such tiny buttons and strange button/control placement . I am glad I went with this design instead . The quality of the picture and sound on this camcorder is simply great ! The colors are well balanced and contrast is handled quite well . When watching what has been recorded with an S-Video cable -LRB- another review mentioned that one was n't included in the box - he 's right , but I would recommend getting one if you 're going to use this camera the way it was meant to be used - a decent S-Video cable is only about $ 5 - $ 10 anyway -RRB- , you can really tell there are about 500 -LRB- ! -RRB- lines of resolution . The picture is almost DVD quality it seems . Also , the stereo mic does a great job in picking up voice or other ambient audio . For instance , during one filming session , we had a CD playing in the backgroud and the music ended up sounding as if it were dubbed onto the tape ; it was not overpowering but actually added to the `` atmosphere '' of the recording . Very nice in my opinion , but it my be bothersome for some users that the mic can be a bit touchy sometimes . This camera is loaded with features and I would recommend it over the TRV10 with a savings of about $ 200 . While this camera does n't have the memory stick option -LSB- and a few other bells and whistles -RSB- , you really wo n't need the TRV10 if you a -RRB- have a digital camera already or b -RRB- plan on connecting your MiniDV camera to a PC/Mac . However , I would n't really recommend using this camera for stills . While they are okay , an actual digital still camera would be better . It should also be noted that the build quality of this unit seems very good . This camera , while fantastic , is not without its subtle flaws . One small problem I have noticed is that when recording in low light conditions , the picture tends to be a bit `` grainy '' on playback . The picture is still good , just not exceptional like those taken with this camcorder outdoors or in well-lighted conditions/rooms . I have n't tried the `` Low Lux '' mode to see if this will compensate for or reduce the grainyness , but it will probably help a bit . Another problem with this camera and the MiniDV format in general is the price of the media . It can get a bit pricey if you do n't plan on transfering recordings to VHS or SVHS tapes with your VCR . Sixty minute tapes can run you anywhere between $ 8 and $ 25 depending on what brand/quality you purchase . I usually use Sony tapes that end up costing about $ 11.50 / hour . And the last problem I have is that the use of the 3.5 '' LCD screen can really eat up your battery charge -LRB- almost cuts it in half , it seems -RRB- . The screen is great , but just expect to charge a bit more often if you use it regularly or buy a spare battery . So , to sum up
 I searched and searched for the best Digital Camcorder -LRB- for the money -RRB- and this is easily the one . It has the smallest size except for their PC-1 and PC-3 -LRB- slightly smaller , but much harder to hold , I think -RRB- . Plus a 3.5 '' LCD -LRB- only 2.5 on Canon 's Elura or the Sony PC-Series -RRB- . Picture quality is outstanding , though a little grainy and flat moderate to low indoor light . Sound quality is amazing , and connection to my PC through a $ 98 Firewire card is awesome.Best camcorder on the market -LRB- without spending an extra $ 500 for 2 more CCD 's -RRB- , until the next advancements !
 Hey , , love the trv8 and its video capabilities , Still learning to use and trying to figure out how to get Still images on pc besides in avi format . Anyone know how or what software works best ?
 The price is right and the LP600 does what I need . It 's easy to set up , warms up quickly , has good focus and clear pictures , and shuts down within a minute . Its small size and light weight is convenient . A good unit for classroom or small auditorium PowerPoint projections . Projects well on an 8 foot screen . Does well with some light in the room .
 Unit only has less than 50 hrs on the lamp as of November 2006 , but has been easy to use and quite reliable . The case shipped with the unit , however , started to come apart about a year ago , and when I called in Nov. of 2006 they said there would only have been a 90 day warranty on the case , so they wanted $ 35 for a replacement case . I was n't happy , but what can you do.Biggest problem most users have driving this with a laptop is they get confused by the toggle keystrokes used to power up the outside video port . It can be particularly confusing if your video card has dual monitor capability , in which case the cursor actually moves from one `` screen '' to another -LRB- one being the laptop screen , the other being the outside screen or in this case the projector screen .
 This projector is easy to use , generates a very clear picture , and is easy to carry . It has performed above my expectations . The only negative is the price of replacement bulbs . I will be sure to turn it off when not in use .
 Does everything I need . Infocus makes good projectors at a good price .
 I have heard every processor at every price , and compared side by side with the best , including the theta casa nova , the sony 32 bit processor with its 32 bit dsp modes will bring theater sound as good if not better than everything on the market . The bass is full and rock solid , and the detail is clear and concise , bringing theater sound not only from all directions , but above with full dimensionality , keeping the purity of the original signal . Its great theater sound just like sonys mastering studios , where most sound tracks are now mastered in SDDS . If someone tells you right off bat that there are better processors , I can guarantee you , they have not heard the sony ta-e9000es .
 I have been reserching , seeing , and listening to every separates combination for 6 months . This included Legacy , Meridian , and Parasound . Even auditioned super high end with Krell , McIntosh , Theta , and Carver 's Sunfire combo . And even still the new combined separates of B&K and Denon . With all that said the Sony 9000ES pre/pro -LRB- coupled with the 9000ES Amplifier -RRB- is just astonishing ! It is truly a reference system and for the money , absolutely the best value out there . I could ` nt be happier .
 As an professional audio engineer , I 'm not usually impressed with consumer home audio equipment . . The Sony TAE-9K stands out , though , with features like ... 32-Bit Floating Point Processor - Digital Signal Processing for Multichannel Digital Audio Decoding ... Dolby Digital -LRB- AC-3 -RRB- and DTS decoding - for digital surround sound that is far more dynamic , spacious and realistic ... Dolby Pro Logic decoding ... Sony 's Exclusive Digital Cinema SoundTM Virtual 3D , Virtual Mutli-Dimension and Studio Mix Modes oversomes limitations in rear speaker placement ... Three Separate 32-Bit Digital Signal Processing ICs recreates Sony 's Digital Cinema Sound with Unprecedented Low Level Detail...24-Bit / 96 kHz Digital Audio Capability ... Touchscreen 2-Way LCDRemote Controlshows Operating status , CD Titles and more . Controls all components including DSS Guide and DVD Menu...11-Function Input Selector accommodates your audio and video sources ... 5 Audio In/2 Out ... 6 Video In/3 Out with 6 S-Video In/3 Out ... Digital In/Out - Optical 5 In/3 Out , RF In , 3 Coaxial In ... Digital i volume...RS-232c Port -LRB- An Interface Port I 've Never Seen On A Consumer Piece Of Gear -RRB- ... Specifications
 I have 4 other LCD montitors on other computers -LRB- smaller 15 '' and 17 '' models from other manufacturers -RRB- . This unit stands out far above the rest . Despite analog-only input , synchronization to signal is absolutely perfect - every dot is in perfect focus across the entire screen with no blurry or double-wide lines or text characters . I thought only DVI could offer such perfection . The trick is to use native resolution -LRB- 1280x1024 -RRB- and 60Hz refresh rate , then hit `` AUTO '' on the monitor once to allow it to sync everything up -LRB- a one-time set-up and those setting remain in the monitor 's memory -RRB- . Colors on this monitor are incredibly rich and vibrant . Color temperature settings allow images to be displayed with much more warmth than the traditional LCD `` bluish '' coloring . I recently tried to `` upgrade '' to a Samsung 213T . This proved to be a very bad decision . The Samsung appears slightly blury -LRB- even with DVI connection -RRB- and has faded colors and no way -LRB- that I could find -RRB- of achieving the warmer color temepratures that are available with the push of a button on the NEC . By comparison , images on the Samsung just look `` washed out '' . Guess I 'm selling the Samsung on eBay and sticking with the smaller , but vastly superior , NEC . Many clients who have come to my office and have seen images on this monitor have commented on how incredibly clear and brilliant the display is . This is definitely the one to get !! You 'll be amazed !
 Great sound if you position it one foot from a bare wall , squarely . These speakers need to breathe . Crisp high notes , particularly any Classical music or vintage Rock N ' Roll ...
 Amazing Radio . Crystal clear highs and lows in a compact unit that will leave any music lover satisfied . This radio fills a room up like units that costs hundreds of dollars more . I use the alarm clock every day and my favorite feature is plugging my ipod/dvd player/cpu into it and hearing this little radio really rock!Simply amazing .
 I am really happy with my radio/cd player , it has great sound , and I am not having to go into my daughter 's room to use our stereo , which is right below my neighbors ' bedroom , the sound quality is perfect , and I definetely have liked everything that I have purchased from Amazon over the years .
 I recently had an electric power surge issue in my home that blew out my old bose radio that I loved . I wanted one just like it for a replacement . This one is perfect ; just as promised it is in mint condition and it arrived in 3 days ! I could not be more pleased .
 I purchased this telescope for my niece and I assembled this unit for Christmas day.WHAT 'S IN THE BOXCarry caseTelescopeFinderTripod mount25mm and 9mm lensesASSEMBLYAssembly time took about 15 minutes . The most time consuming part was removing the base for the battery cover . It takes 4 AA batteries that are not included.Once the batteries are installed , the base fits into the tripod . The lenses are easy to place into the telescope.Once you set the height of the tripod , utilizing your level , you are ready to use this unit.CONSTRUCTIONThe tripod mount is sturdy with thick legs -LRB- thicker than other telescopes in its price range -RRB- . Larger rubber eyepieces allow for more comfort . Control knobs are large and contoured allowing for users of almost any age to operate . The lens caps are hinged so you NEVER have to worry about losing the caps.The carrying case is padded and compartmentalized for the tripod , telescope , and for each lens . There is a velcro fastener for each small compartment . It is a great carrying case.USEThe finder has crosshairs which allow you to see your object of interest . Adjustment of focus is easy with fine tuning.The main body of the telescope has fine tuning in a 360 degree direction . An elevation with a large know allows vertical adjustment for areas of interest.There is a switch that allows visualization of the controls at night . The tripod is easy to adjust with thick legs and rubber mounted base.I have utilized this for both land vision and night vision - its ease of use is its biggest asset.VERDICTSolid construction in an easy to use package.I highly recommend this unit for the casual user and young child interested in astronomy -LRB- elementary school through junior high -RRB- . This is a great introduction to the science of astronomy and birdwatching .
 All the adult 's said this telescope was very sturdy and well made . They leave East Coast I live West Coast .
 My Laptop processing works much better than before . Although it is an older laptop , it does exactly what I need it to do . Better overall .
 My Dell 2650 has 256mb of ram total . More then one program running and it would slow down sometimes freeze . I took out the two 128mb sticks and purchased two of these , getting a total of 512mb . Its still not a lot compared to modern laptops , but it was a noticeable improvement . Now I can get on the internet while a program is running and not have it slow down . Nice product .
 This is a great power amplifier to give your surround sound great dynamics , and if you have never heard bass from your rear surround speakers , this amplifier will give them new depth and dimension with sensational speed . Compared to other amplifiers , and some that I have had for years , I could tell the difference right away , the impact and speed , for surround sound more exciting and compelling than ever before . This is a great match for the Sony TA-E9000ES processor , and together as some experts have put it , where the more expensive achievers of home theater have been lexicon and meridian , and others considering themselves as reference , they now have a mainstream rival in the form of the Sony processor TA-E9000ES and Sony power amplifer TA-N9000ES .
 Thanks , camera as described . Works as expected or hoped . Thanks , camera as described . Works as expected or hoped.Thanks , camera as described . Works as expected or hoped .
 Great concept - Digital video recording , plus the ability to store a bunch of still shots in the built-in 2MB of RAM . In addition , you can pull stills into memory off the tape , or vice versa . The resolution is n't as good as a true digital still camera , but I 've made some 5x7 's from this that look just fine . Includes a serial port cable to connect to your PC , as well as a `` firewire '' port for those who have that capability , although it does not include a firewire cable .
 I 'm very pleased with the 510 . I bought the 12 hour mother-of-all-batteries and took the camera to Papua New Guinea where I took the equivalent of about 3000 still photographs on 3 digital hi-8 cassettes . I also took a lot of straight video footage from which I was able to extract static images of rather good quality , depending on the amount of motion artifact . My one complaint is that in low light the image tends to get a bit grainy ... I have n't figured out how to solve this problem . Let me know if you do .
 I had wanted the latest in didgital camcorder technology but the high cost of the Mini DV tapes made me consider SONY 's Digital 8 format . I got my DCR TRV 510 shortly after becoming a new dad , after much debate between the 510 and the lower 310 which will save you $ $ but the 310 lacks the color viewfinder , slightly bigger LCD monitor , 2MB of internal memory for digital stills , Sony 's photo managing software for your PC and the serial port PC hookup . The 510 is my 1st camcorder so I do n't have any prior camcorder experience to do any relative comparisons . This camcorder does a very decent job of making home videos and photo stills . The best results are from outdoors in good daylight , otherwise in other conditions such as lowlight indoors the video and stillshots can be slightly grainy . For some reason , SONY did n't include any titling function which they do for their Reg . 8 and Hi 8 models . Also did n't notice the difference between the reg . video and S video hookup to my TV nor between the cheaper reg . 8 and Hi 8 tape . The included battery is not sufficient for heavy duty use , the 4 hour one should be adequate , anything longer will just add to the weight . Very satisfied with my decision to get the 510 , overall a very impressive handycam which I anticipate to take home videos and to capture meorable moments in my son 's growth .
 Forget the other cameras . TRV-310 and the TRV-510 are the best ones for today ... by far.Don ' t loose your time looking for other options because no other portable camcorder -LRB- in this category -RRB- can provide the features and the quality of these cameras . I 've played with my TRV-310 for about 10 days and I am really impressive with this camera . This is my fifth camcorder -LRB- all 8MM and HI-8 -RRB- that I have used and this the best camera that I have seen.Some comments ... The LCD screen on the 310 is amazing . Certainly the best LCD that I have seen in my life . It is clear , bright , sharp and big ... 3.5 inches . The color is truer . It is a real pleasure to play my videotapes in any place with no connection with TVs . This is one of the most important features of this camera and you have to consider that in your analysis . You will use it a lot.The 20X optical zoom is enough and works fine -LRB- much better than my old hi-8 camera -RRB- . The PAUSEs are terrific . It is impossible to avoid the PAUSE key . Try to press the SLOW key and you will get a limpid and crystalline image.I have lots of videos recorded on 8 and hi-8 format . The 310 is capable to play black perfectly any videotape on these formats . This camera is the right choice for everyone that have 8 and hi-8 tapes . Do n't loose your time thinking to buy a mini-DV camcorder , you will have much more flexibility using the digital camera that supports your old tapes , with the same quality and flexibility . By the way , the hi-8 tapes are cheaper than the mini-DV tapes.I did n't see notable difference between the regular video and S video hookups to my TV.The included battery in not sufficient and an additional battery is very important.The infrared nightshot works very fine -LRB- do you think that is it really important ? -RRB- . The 16:9 aspect ratio feature is wonderful At the beginning you do n't give so much attention on that , but when you start to use you will love this alternative . If you have a 16:9 aspect ratio television this feature will be fantastic for you . If you are considering to buy this kind of TV -LRB- to see your DVDs -RRB- this can be a considerable feature to consider.One of the big things and rarely I see comments is the SOUND . The PCM System is fantastic . I connect the camcorder to my receiver system and I was surprised with the quality , clear and powerful sound . There is a huge difference between this PCM AUDIO SYSTEM and the audio system in my old hi-8 camera . Normally , when we study to buy a camcorder we do n't invest so much time analyzing the audio , we keep focus on the video system and do n't give importance to the audio . I am sure that the AUDIO SYSTEM of this digital camera will surprise you positively . You will feel the big difference if you connect the camera to a pro-logic Dolby surround sound receiver or a digital receiver . If you have a home theater system with Adobe Digital 5:1 ... THE BAD THING
 I have had my TRV-510 now for about 21/2 months and have recorded mostly football and sports tapes . The ability to get stills with the camera either at once or while rewiewing the tape is a super benefit . I ca n't imaging enjoying a camera more and if I had bought a DVD format would have missed out on playing my old 8mm tapes . I use the serial port hook-up to my computer every week to get action stills from the games .
 After a long and informative search I choose to purchase the Sony 510 Digital 8 camcorder . I was most impressed with the quality of the 4in . LCD screen and the fact that the serial port connection was included in the box , this makes it easy to take a still and get it into an e-mail to friends and family . The use of the menu is very easy and straight forward . This was important to me inorder to make changes in setting -LRB- for which there are many -RRB- very quickly so you dont miss a shot . There is an entire list of things I can say about the product that I like so safice it to say - Buy it and you will not be dissapointed .
 I 've had the Sony DCR-TRV-510 for about three months now . It 's been a lot of fun to use and learn . Straight out of the box , charge up the battery , slip in a tape and you 're ready to record . With a little practice and skimming of the manual , you can create some perfectly acceptable and fun still -LRB- digital -RRB- pictures . On the video front , the camera is exceptionally easy to learn and use . It takes standard 8mm video tapes - cheaper and more readily available than mini-DV tapes . Zoom lens is excellent although once you pass the optical zoom range and go into the digital zoom , you will likely notice the `` pixilation '' -LRB- you can turn the digital zoom off . -RRB- Tapes can be viewed on the flip out screen - excellent image . One feature I especially like is the one that lets you find the end of the last video recording -- no matter where you stop on a tape , hit this button and it takes you to where you stopped recording . Low light capability is outstanding even without using the Night Light feature . Still pictures are fun . Easy to do once you 've mastered the technique . The picture is only 640 x 480 so it is really only suitable for web stuff or 2 x 3 or 4 x 3 snap shots . Images may be downloaded to your computer using the enclosed serial link or a FireWire interface if you have one . Serial link may be slow but it works just fine for me . I took a couple hundred stills -LRB- and 2 hours of video -RRB- while on a 10 day cruise and they were fine . Camera can only hold about 20 still pixs internally -LRB- in the fine mode -RRB- so I would copy them from the internal memory to a separate video tape I decided to use for still pictures only . Once on your computer , you can play with them to your heart 's content . Consider buying a second bigger battery . I bought the 8 hour battery - a little extra weight but lots of extra time . I also bought the IR link for the TV . Saves having to hook up wires to the back of the TV / -510 every time you want to view a tape . It works flawlessly . And get a good camera bag .
 This is a super camera , and its compatability with Hi8 means all of my old tapes can be viewed . The video resolution is great , and it is loaded with special effects . The viewfinder and 4 inch screen are crisp , variable speed zoom is smooth and the battery life excellent . You should be aware that the video is not true digital . The digital refers to still pictures . Nevertheless , this is a well designed and well thought out product .
 The best thing about this Camcorder is that it has a 4 inchesscreen ! It 's big enough that you can show your video to other peoplewithout connect the camcorder to the TV . It 's really nice ! I have seen other people 's camcorders with a tiny 2 inches screen , and that 's no good for your enjoyment at all . ------------- The night vision is amazing too ! After you turned the night vision on , you can take pictures in total darkest . And the picture is really good . ------------ The picture quality is great too . Very clear ! But it did n't come out too good after I converted the 8mm tape into VCR tape . ------------ Reviews on Amazon said that Digital Camcorders 's audio has CD quality , but I really did n't notice anything . I mean you really do n't care too much about the audio if you are just video taping a family vacation or something . ---------- Something bad about the Camcorder . ---------- Because of the big screen and it 's not Mini-DV , so it 's a bit heavy . You will probably get very tired after holding the Camcorder for more than a hour . So if you are a weak person , try a Mini-DV camcorder with a smaller screen so that you wo n't have any arm problems . ------------ Another thing was that I thought I was going to be able to connect my camcorder to my Dell computer , but it did n't work at all . Be sure that you have an interface card if you want to use it with a computer . But I really do n't see any point to edit your films on the computer , I am too busy for that , and I am not trying to make a public film , my film does n't need to be perfectly edited . And also , I also thought that when I zoom in the camcorder , it could reach 35mm or something , but that did n't happen . Beware ! Camcorders do not have a wide-angle view ! you wo n't be able to tape the whole view , only partly . I think the minimal range of this camcorder is only 50mm . Just be careful . Do n't be disappointed . END
 Hi Happy for my Sony camcorder , especially as I just became Dad . Good quality pictures in PAL , easy to use . Only problem which occurs is , when transmitting still pictures from camera to PC using Gear Lite . Images become very dark and quality decreases . Anybody having same kind of problems ?
 Buyers watch out for private sellersThere are a lot of private sellers trying to rip you off . prices look cheap when you send the money you wont get the product or your money back.Look for the specific items that scammers try to do :1 . Look at the seller 's id they look like some what irrelevant . Example -LRB- amazon_cheap -RRB- -LRB- Sony_Amazon -RRB- 2 . Look at the sellers rating it says just launched because the sellers like to create many e mails as they can .3 . In the sellers comments they will say like `` please contact me before buying . Otherwise I wo n't send you the item '' .4 . When you send the e mail to them they will say `` we are a small company in Romania or UK or Spain trying to evolve to sell outside the country '' . They will say send money through western union . When I get the money you will get the notebooks with in 2 business days .5 . They will send detailed sellers address where to send the money western union -LRB- Spain -RRB- . I said `` I know the address in Spain can I come and pay to that address '' he said `` I will do only through online '' this is cheater.When you send money through western union you wo n't get your money back.Escrow and Amazon secure payment are the trusted payment.I got an e mail from a seller he said `` I will get transaction only through Amazon secure payment . I thought he was good seller . Next e mail he wrote `` tell me your complete address I will forward the address to Amazon '' I gave him my address . With in 1 day I got a e mail from `` Amazon secure payment '' from address looked like it was from Amazon , but when I clicked on reply the to address said '' -LRB- something@yahoo.com -RRB- it was not a e mail from Amazon in that message it said Amazon wants you to make payment through western union . I wrote the email to Amazon they said we will not allow any one to pay through Amazon these are fake e mails trying to rip peoples money .
 Nothing screwy so far . The X-brite screen really stands out and makes everything so much sharper.I use it 12 + hours a day , with alot of burning DVD 's and editing.I opted for the K-25 over the K-27 because it is essentialy the same but 2-3 hundred more for the CPU.My only complaint is the ports are not covered , my old Grx series had `` flaps '' that covered the USB/Firewire/etc ... to keep out dust and debris ...
 Nice system overall.I 'd take this over the K23 or K27 .
 If you prefer the older CRT monitors -LRB- like I do -RRB- to the newer LCD monitors then this is/was an excellent choice . I 've been using mine for about 2 years now and I would n't trade it for any LCD on the market ; however , if you require a monitor that can handle refresh rates above 100MHz , then consider an LCD monitor instead.gus
 I have a Sony Nav-U unit , but do n't use this bag for it . I keep my AA battery chargers and my DSLR 's battery charger in it . it has two interior dividers and it 's very soft on the inside . I like it .
 I bought this case with my Nav-u gps unit from Sony . Works great . The gps sits in the middle , surrounded by good padding . The space on either side fits the car charger and -LRB- barely -RRB- the ac adapter . Not much else to it . I usually take my gps out of the car and this bag makes it easy . has two zippers that open at the same time giving more than enough room to pop in the nav-u unit . One of my friends thought I was carrying my shaving kit ;-RRB- other than that , golden .
 One of the better Micro ATX cases around , in my opinion . Sturdy build , nice placement of most components , decent airflow , and looks great . While the case is nice and glossy , it is a magnet for finger prints . The stock blue glow is subtle enough that it wont light up a room but strong enough that you know it is there.I would give 5/5 if it were for two things : - The cast is a bit deeper than most . I have read this in other reviews and you can see how large it is in the pictures . While I expected it to be even deeper than it is , I would still like to see the size cut down a bit . - I did not like the placement of the top optical drive . Because of the flip-down doors , the drive is hidden . However , to install the drive , you must take out the mounting bracket and guess what screw holes to use . On top of that , the screws on the same side as the floppy drive are somewhat difficult to get through unless you have a long and thing screwdriver.I would say each of these complaints merits a .5 -LRB- probably less -RRB- deduction .
 I 've built three computers for family using this case and they all love it . A bit wider than the sandard case but about half the height . Glossy black piano finish ... . it only appears cramped if you fail to plan ... I use modular P/S and tie down all the cords ... getting ready to buy another .
 Let me first state that this is not your typcial small form factor -LRB- SFF -RRB- mini-ITX/micro-ATX case ! This thing is quite large and the reason for this is it 's designed as a gaming case with enough room to fit large dual slot graphics cards and a full size ATX power supply which is not included . Build quality is good but do n't expect Silverstone level quality as there 's no aluminum here , only steel and the front panel is all plastic , but given the price it 's expected . The glossy black painted steel top cover blends in nicely with the glossy black plastic front panel.This is a very functional case . The front larger blue LED intake fan is quiet and draws in cool air via the vented front lower panel . This fan also blows cool air over the hard drive if you choose the bottom mount position . The two smaller rear exhaust fans are also very quiet . All three fans come with molex connectors and have no provision for speed control via the motherboard 's system fan header , however given that the fans are so quiet you do n't really need to control their speed.The slide out motherboard tray is very convenient but its usefulness is best during initial builds when the case is basically empty . Once you connect all the wires to the motherboard you wo n't be able to slide it out without removing the wires . In other words you 'll only want to slide it out if you upgrade the entire motherboard as everything else could be upgraded without the need to slide it out . For example upgrading the CPU/fan/heatsink is easier if you just lift up the power supply cage out of the way instead of disconnecting all wires just to slide out the motherboard only to have to reconnect all the wires back again which is a PITA.The two 5.25 '' drive bays are very useful for those who like to install separate controls and/or displays . For non-gaming rigs they could be used for dual optical drives so you could make direct copies without copying to the hard drive first . On my setup I have one Blu-ray burner and one dedicated DVD burner installed in the two bays . On the left vertical 3.5 '' bay I have a multi-card reader installed . In my system with an AMD FX8120 clocked at 4GHz the loudest fan is the stock CPU fan which spins up to 6K rpm under full load . Under normal everyday internet browsing the system is not very loud . Case temperatures stay manageable under full load but I 'm only using onboard integrated graphics so keep that in mind .
 This case is sweet , where do i begin?Side panels on both sides , japenese steel , so its heavy duty , nice black piano glossy finish to it -LRB- I plan painting the inside black too -RRB- : -RRB- came well packaged from Amazon the box was in perfect shape when i received this and my new Saitek 2 keyboard , Thanks Amazon ! :D , If you plan on building a sweet gaming rig or a htpc get this case you wont regret it !
 It took me 21/2 hours to put my computer together in this case . This is because it was so compact so I had to arrange cables properly so it would n't be in the way of the modular CD Drive housing.Pros : Beautiful designNot a towereasy motherboard slide out traysturdyCons : very short front USB and audio cables -LRB- this is the reason why I took off one star -RRB- HDD housing unit is in an awkward spot leaving no room for SATA ports on some motherboards -LRB- Gigabyte motherboards specifically -RRB- . too many thumb screws -LRB- about 12 -RRB- Make sure to use an L shaped SATA cable for motherboards like my Gigabyte P55M-UD2 that have SATA ports facing horizontally otherwise the HDD housing puts too much pressure onto the cable and could damage the SATA ports on the motherboard . Luckily I had two of these cables lying around in my toolbox.Also , depending on your motherboard , your front audio port on the motherboard may be close to the expansion slots , if so be careful when sliding out the motherboard after the audio cable is connected to this port since the cable is too short ; it could damage the pins on the audio port if pulled out far enough.All in all it is a cool looking case , has excellent air flow and is fairly quiet .
 I personally love this box . It holds everything I have and more , though you must plan accordingly when purchasing your parts . I had to up the air cooling a little to maintain normal temps but I shoved a lot of stuff in it . It is a fun box to work with and good looking to boot . All the specs that you will find state that the front fan is 90mm , it actually holds a 92mm fan , however , it has to be the thinner 25mm vice 38mm if you plan to use the hard drive dock . The rear has 3 places for 60mm fans ; it comes with some but I chose to replace it with some delta fans that push 50cfm each , works like a charm . Also be aware that the PS sits above the CPU which limits the size of your cooler . I found the Cooler Master GeminII to fit pretty good . There is some wasted space , do with it what you choose . I decided in the extra space next to the floppy drive holder to install another mount for another hard drive sitting vertical vice horizontal . It is n't enough room for another 3.5 '' but a 2.5 '' fits perfectly . I also wired some extra USB controllers on the inside so I would n't have any extra parts sticking out whilst in transit . I would imagine that if you were mechanically incline and had some resources you could install water cooling within this same area ; it is pretty large but hard to get to once everything is put together.Pros : SturdyModularGood lookingAirflowFull ATX PSCons : HeavySome wasted spaceSide panels are not removable -LRB- this would help a whole lot -RRB- . System : Thermaltake LANBOX Lite VF6000BWSBFG Tech EX-1200 PSGIGABYTE GA-MA785GMT-UD2H MBAMD Phenom II X4 955 BECooler Master GeminII S RR-CCH-PBU1-GPDelta FFB1212EH-PMW 120mm 150cfm -LRB- CPU -RRB- A-DATA 8GB DDR3 1600 SDRAMXFX Radeon HD 5850 XXXBFG Tech BFGRPHYSX128P PhysXVANTEC CCB-A4P Ball `` IceBerq 4 Pro `` Hauppauge WinTV-HVR-2250Thermaltake A2331 Media LAB2X WD RaptorX 150GB Raid0WD Scorpio Blue WD10TPVT 1TB -LRB- Custom Mounted -RRB- PLEXTOR Black BD Combo PX-B320SA4X Sunbeam FC PCI -LRB- Custom Mounted Rear of Case -RRB- 2X NZXT IU01 -LRB- Internal USB Controller/Extender -RRB- Delta AFC0912D-PWM 92mm 102cfm -LRB- Intake -RRB- 3X Delta FFB0612EHE 60mm 50cfm -LRB- Exhaust -RRB- MITSUMI Black Digital Card Reader & FloppyBUFFALO WLI-UC-GN IEEE 802.11 b/g/n -LRB- Internal to IU01 -RRB- Rocketfish RF-MRBTAD Bluetooth -LRB- Internal to IU01 -RRB- ViewSonic VG2436wm 24 '' MonitorMicrosoft SideWinder X6 KeyboardRAZER Naga Special Edition MouseRAZER F8GFPC200 N52TE Game ControllerMicrosoft Q2F-00001 USB 2.0 WebCamSamson MediaOne 4a 2.0 SpeakersCerwin Vega VE-28S Dual 8 '' Powered Subwoofer
 Unfortunately , this case is n't my ideal mATX case -LRB- I have n't found one yet -RRB- , but it 's very well made and attractive.Cable management is difficult , but not any more difficult than other mATX SFF cases I 've seen.I would really have liked to see a things to make this excellent :1 . Black powder coated inside2 . A better cable management system3 . Slightly repositioned HDD cage4 . Larger case fans
 I purchased this case to save desktop space on a new custom built PC . It exceeded my expectations . Only thing that I would like to come with it in the future was a power supply . I guess power supplies are such a custom option now that they felt it was better to leave it out . Other than that , everyone who has come over to see my new computer in action has commented on how good it looks . Price was great with free shipping from Amazon .
 Got the box and everything arrived in good shape . It is a nice heavy case.The case is modular so it is easy to separate the motherboard tray from the rest of the box . This is a nice feature and a bit necessary since a small box would usually be difficult to work in . This is not the case with this box . The Motherboard tray , drive cage and powersupply all separate nicely from the case frame.The case can be taken apart mostly without tools at all . Everything except the powersupply cage is thumbscrew . This is very nice . It was a snap to hook up all my hardware . All the case wiring comes clearly labeled . Hard to really complain about anything . Maybe the case fans are a bit weak but the case temps are fine for me . I am using cool hardware in my box . If you stuff your box full of hot running gear you will certainly need the extra fan .
 The thermaltake Lanbox lite is one of its kind . I love the removable motherboard tray which made my life easier on installing my components . It does n't take too much space inside your house and it looks awesome too with the side panels being transparent . Also , the side panel has a grill which adds extra ventilation to keep your PC cool.Few things that you have to take note when going for this product :1 -RRB- Make sure that your CPU heatsink is no more than 100mm in height . When I built my brother 's PC with this case I chose a Cooler Master Vortex Plus CPU Cooler RR-VTPS-28PK-R1 which is only 59mm in height plus the radiator fins goes over my RAM sticks and provides cooling for them . My RAM sticks are Kingston HyperX Blu 8GB -LRB- 2x4GB -RRB- Low profile heatsinks . If you choose a RAM sticks with a high profile heatsink , you will have to look for another CPU heatsink like the slimX3 by Thermaltake .2 -RRB- If you can , spend extra on a modular power supply because it will make your building easier . I went with corsair 's TX750M for this . But any PSU will do if you ca n't afford a modular one .3 -RRB- The chassis will not fit in a video card longer than 10 inches . I have put a EVGA GTX 550 on my brother 's build . I could have bought him a better GPU but you know ... BUDGET ... : PIf you want to know the full build of my brother 's PC , scroll down for the parts so you can imagine how it will look like should you choose to build with this case.CPU
 I am giving this case a five star review because I have built a few computers over the years and by far Thermaltake makes the best cases I have ever worked with . The case is designed and constructed to Thermaltake 's high standards and I am not disappointed in this case . MY PROBLEM , however , is the fact that Amazon describes this case a ATX/microATX . THIS CASE IS NOT ATX SIZED ! From the documents included with the case it is designed for either microATX or miniITX form factor motherboards . The ONLY thing that is ATX sized is power supply opening . Again , Amazon is not the only company to make this mistake as I checked out the same case on other websites and they too list this as an ATX case . So if you are considering this case please keep this in mind . Otherwise this case is very nice and has a great many features I like such as tool-less opening , sturdy construction , and great air flow over components .
 Pros : - Very modular case , I can not believe how easy it was to install the parts even though it was cramped when assembled . - Cooling setup better than I expected even though ambient temperatures on load can exceed 40 * C -LRB- see cons as well -RRB- - Looks amazing with interior lighting thanks to the acryllic panel - Very solid build - Accepts regular-sized PSUs ! -LRB- Do n't expect to cram in 1000 + W elongated power supplies -RRB- - Accepts fairly large graphics cards . I have a 9800GTX + double slot card barely fitting . Supposidly will do SLI but you will have to sacrifice one 3.5 '' drive on the side . - Fluorescent orange 60mm fans are a nice touchCons : - WARNING
 What 's good about the case : Beautiful gloss black finish , well-made Solid case , not cheap and flimsy . Completely modular . All components can be removed , from the motherboard tray to the hdd bay to the DVD tray and even the psu , most by just removing some thumbscrews . Plenty of room for my micro ATX mobo , 3 hdd 's , 1 DVD and Corsair psu . I was even able to route the extra cables for a clean-looking installation . Super-quiet dual rear fans , I ca n't even hear them run . Front 92mm fan can be heard but is not objectionable . All 3 seem to keep my HTPC cool and quiet . The hidden DVD tray is a nice touch and works very well . I also LOVE that they replaced the center motherboard stand-off with a kind of stud . It holds the mobo in place so you can easily install the screws.What 's not so good : Side windows are nice but they do show the dust , They 're not real easy to clean unless you get creative with some kind of cleaning `` wand '' , otherwise it might take disconnecting a few things but the modularity of this case makes that super easy . Knowing this now , I still think I would have purchased this window model . The plus 's offset the minus 's by far.With that beautiful gloss black finish on the outside , you would think they would have painted the modular components at least a flat back instead of the natural `` silver '' finish . Once I get past the warranty , I 'll be pulling it apart to paint the inside . Which of course will be SUPER EASY due to the modularity ! Did I say that already?System Specs : Asus M4A88TD-M USB3G.Skill DDR3 1333 2x2gbAMD Athlon II X2 250Asus Xonar DG sound cardCorsair CX430 psuHauppage HVR 2250 -LRB- 3 -RRB- Samsung F3 Eco-Green 1tb hddOther thoughts : I 'm working thru a problem right now with my HTPC resetting itself . At this point I ca n't tell if it 's a case issue or a motherboard issue and it 's intermittent . I have the front panel controls and USB/Audio disconnected at this time to eliminate them . I do n't know if anyone else has had this trouble . I 'm leaning toward the motherboard but at this point I do n't know . I know the motherboard is not shorting to anything .
 I love this case . All of my friends thought I built a microwave when they first saw it . I wish I could have gotten the one that had the handle on it . I 'm buying a lightkit for it cool . I like the finish on the chassis and I like that I can fit an Nvidia 9800GT in there with no problem . You can even mount your hard disk where the floppy disk drive would go and that out the part on the bottom that you would normally put the drives in if not needed . Blue Orb II fits in this , so I 'm also happy since my Intel Stock cooler is -LRB- was -RRB- highly audible in this case .
 Everything here is modular , easily accessible , and while one reviewer -LRB- errantly -RRB- gave it 3 starts complaining about the weight/size ... which is just silly - you can not buy a mini-tower case that is easier to build / install / repair and will last through many computer builds , while looking good the whole time.I have owned both the black solid steel sided version -LRB- since 2007 -RRB- and now the steel + acrylic windowed version of this case -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . For a few bucks more you might still be able to find the lighter Aluminum version -LRB- silver in appearance -RRB- and it came with a top-carrying handle . Though I think it 's discontinued , but I 've found one or two internet warehouses that still have one or two for sale.Pros : Japanese Steel -LRB- likely from a recycled US aircraft carrier -RRB- Modular everything -LRB- drive bays , power supply bay , slide-out motherboard tray in back -RRB- . Very solid construction90 % thumbscrew access , 10 % Phillips head screws + Phillips head mATX mounting of motherboard.Sexy look , perfect for HTPC , or compact work areas.Cons : As one user noted , its a little heavy ... to but falsely say its `` as large '' as his full ATX tower , is just misleading . I would say the good weight means it 's quality steel and not cheesy plastic or thin & weak metal . If the user wanted a lighter version -LRB- goto the gym weakling ... lol -RRB- then he should 've bought the aluminum edition with the top-carry handle I mentioned . I used this to take with me as a DJ / VJ rig , so I 'm used to toting it around , as a lanboy would .
 Great box . I love the blue led . Plenty of room inside . Since you can detach all the different pieces of the box , it 's easy to add/change components .
 I 'm using this in my entertainment system . Quiet , excellent quality , very modular and looks awesome . I definitely recommend this product .
 I 've had this case for a few months now and still love it . I used the bottom DVD slot for my DVD burner and used the top slot to wrap all the excess cables from the power supply . Keeps the inside of the case clean and simple with good air flow . I purchased a multi card reader with a USB 3.0 port to fit in the floppy slot . Added some ram with led 's which lights up the case perfectly . Overall great case . No complaints .
 Pros
 We have two of these wireless adapters and they work great . No problems whatsoever . Just plugged them in worked immediately .
 GMP WF748-UI 54 Mbps Wireless USB AdapterExcellent . I have used this product for at least three years and have been very satisfied with its performance and range . Because of this I have provided it for several of my clients and customers .
 First off , you DO NOT have to use the wireless utility that comes with it as others claim . Just extract the driver from the CD and point Windows to it when it starts the hardware installation . I keep the driver on my flash drive and have used that to install this adapter on tons of PCs in my office.Pros
 For the price , u cant beat this deal . the adapter works perfectly and havent had any problems whatsoever . Only thing is u HAVE TO USE THE WIRELESS UTILITY that comes with it . other than that , the thing simply WORKS .
 The jewel cases arrived on time and in perfect condition . They are exactly what I wanted , and they save valuable storage space because they are the skinny ones !
 I recently have had health problems that dictate I not use a computer a whole lot because of monitor refresh rates . It was important to me that I still be in touch with business and friend contacts during my treatment and recovery time . The Earthlink Mailstation 150 has worked out great ! It is very easy to learn , setup , and use . I had it completely mastered in a snap . If you 're just looking for a simple way to send and receive email - You WILL love this product . I have experienced no problems and even tested out Tech Support before writing this review . Not only were they fast but they thanked me for giving them a test run for review purposes . When was the last time you had that happen ?
 I bought the mailstation for my 74 year old Mom for Christmas . It was delivered on time and was n't damaged . We found it very easy to use . There is nothing to set up , except to plug it in , and it is ready to go . She is very happy with it because now she can stay in touch with her family and friends , and she does n't have to buy an expensive computer just for email service . The modem is slightly slow , but I did n't encounter any of the problems the previous reviewer writes about . Overall , I think it works great for the $ 99 price .
 My mom had the 150 for 3 years until we bought her an iMac . Now she misses the Mailstation ! It 's that easy to use -- and perfect for a senior or non-tech person who wants in on the action . The simplicity of the interface is it 's greatest asset . We can now send her color photos -LRB- on her iMac -RRB- , but she usually ca n't find them anyway . So we get more `` tech support '' calls from mom than we did with this unit . We never got questions on the Mailstation once we 'd set it up and showed it to her .
 I just bought the beetle bug stereo because i am a HUGE lover of beetle bugs . The stereo is very adorable , and , despite some people 's opinion , the sound quality is very good . Yes , it is a little hard to position because of the stereo 's speakers , and the fact that you can never tell what radio station you 're on are a little bothersome . But if you are someone looking for a stereo for decoration and just to listen to your fav songs on , go with this one . If you are the type who buys stereos for parties and stuff , do n't use this !! it was made for just a couple people to listen to while they hang out , not to blast the bass at a party .
 If you can find one of these units I recommend that you do so . SONY makes the definite 8mm VCR hands down . This is one of the best units I have ever seen . The picture is incredible and has to be seen . It has a much greater picture than S-VHS recorders . Only DVD pictures look better . It has a very precise flying erase head that allows excellent editing for clear transitional cuts . If you prefer 8mm recording I recommend you get one of these units before they are all gone .
 This 8mm Video Recorder has one of the best pictures I have ever seen . It 's better than my Beta unit and my S-VHS VCR . The sound is excellent too . This unit is also great for editing . I used to shoot all my training videos for work on 8mm and edit them at home on this machine with very little loss in picture resolution . It 's just a very good machine and format .
 The creative zen vision has great features . Personally i think its a great product . I recommend fully . However there are a few things that may bug a few that did not bug me , here are some .1 -RRB- Viewing angle isnt as terrible as people say , but it is true that you have to tilt very slightly to the right to make the color right . But this didnt bother me .2 -RRB- Does n't work under linux or mac . But it will once linux + mac support MTP . -LRB- microsoft transfer protocol -RRB- .3 -RRB- It gets a bit choppy during playback of high resolution videos .4 -RRB- no album art. 5 -RRB- its a big clunky . meaning that it is definetly not a one handed device . Not as portable , but what do you expect its a 3.7 inch screen.But the pros are obvious-high resolution screen-cf slot-30gb hdd -LRB- about 28gb actual size . -RRB- - sleek magnesium caseAnd come on guys , the screen issue isnt that bad !!! Unless your reviewing movies for hours at the studio , in that case you would have a 40inch screen , not 3.7 . . its a portable player . . not a portable home theater.Hope my review was helpful !
 If you are looking for a great PVP -LRB- portable video player -RRB- with great sound you need to get the vision . The Zen Vision is outstanding . Way better then the Ipod . I have had three Ipods in my time since they have come out . The first Ipod was buggy and the battery always died for no reason . Even when I was not listening to music . The second Ipod i got was the third generation and didnt ahve video yet . Still the battery died out and I had to send it in to get a replacement . From what I know they still ahve not resolved the issue of people having to send in Ipods to get them fixed when the battery doesnt work right . The Zen Vision does not have this problem for the battery pack is removable . Also it has loads of features , screen is as large as the Ipod itself . Its great for Videos . I do n't see why people are having so much trouble with the importing of video files . I have had some problems with some files but mostly everything is going smoothly . Everything does not have to be converted but if you want to conserve space then you should.The FM radio is awesome . It is clear and I have no problems with it so far.Firmware has been updated so some people who complain about some of the features may have their questions answered and complaints resolved by now.The screen is not bad . Yes there is some glare but its not like I am going to be watching the movie from ten different angles . its meant to be in your hands while you watch it . If you want people to see it . . Plug it into your TV . People complain about the view but what kinda view would you get from Ipods tiny screen ? I love this device its very nice an well worth the price Creative has listed . This price on Amazon for the Black version is too steep .
 I 've been very pleased with my vision . I got it as an alternative to the iPod Video which has way too many restraints on what types of media it will play and the screen on the iPod is much smaller . The Vision plays just about any video that I have on my computer -LRB- some problems that can be worked out with AVI videos -RRB- . It comes with a velvet case but you may want to buy something more protective . Creative.com has a leather case available but it 's not very useful . I recently bought a very nice leather case from France -LRB- noreve.com -RRB- for it that has a kickstand attached to the back for easier viewing -LRB- e.g. on a plane -RRB- . The 30GB of memory is plenty and it comes with software similar to iTunes to manage all your media .
 I love this thing ! It does everything it claims to do , except for the limited viewing angles it perfect . I have a canon digital rebel all I have to is pop in the CF card and dump all my pics and keep shooting . This process does n't even take 5mins , and that 's a 512mb card.The video is amazing , it 's flawless , I have n't noticed any jerkiness in the playback . The software is pretty slow but I use another freeware program to convert video.Excellent Sound quality , it has a customizable EQ and Bass boost , what else do you expect from a company that makes high end sound cards ? The navigation is SOOOOOO easy and fun to use . Battery life is great as well . This has to be the best thing Creative has ever produced .
 Works great ! First of all it syncs with Windows very easily . Unlike my iPod 3rd Gen with XPlay which takes ages to connect and change folders , this guy connects quickly and without hassles.The screen is incredibly sharp . It allows for great detail when you rip a DVD to your CZV or when you watch subtitled videos , eganime fansubs.Video is smooth even when many things occur at the same time . No jerkiness.Wide range of video formats supported - wow - just about every format . Just download DivX or xVid and encode your DVDs tothese formats , then copy them across.Great colours , especially for anime fans - wow!Copies and deletes CF cards easily . Allows you to view the copied pictures.Shows album art with updated firmware.The BAD : Creative has rather poor customer support . Their original software is also pretty buggy . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall - really worth the money and very durable . High res screen and wide range of video formats beat all other players out there .
 I looked into getting a mp3 player for some time!After weeks of googling products such as Ipod 60GB and Iriver pmp 20GB , I made my purchase , and I picked the creative zen vision . I was pretty on edge purchasing somthing for $ 400.00 on-line , but I really did ` nt have any other option seeing that they do n't sell it a best buy or anything.When I recieved my package it had very impressive packaging contents , and came with some very cool extra 's . -LRB- Unlike Ipods -RRB- After playing with it for some time , I was impressed with the recordabe FM-AM Tuner , and the mini speaker.I 've got ta be upfront because anybody and evreybody that reviews this product mentions the screen . If creative could do anything to improve this product it would have to be the screen . Altough large and crisp , it does have to be held at a certain angle . I belive some people find this a bigger deal then others , as for me I 'm not thrilled , nor am I upset . It 's an amaizing product , and if you can get over the fact it 's $ 400.00 I would suggest buying this over a Ipod any dayErikChillin in Wisconsin
 I just recieved my Zen Vision for Christmas and initially I was quite impressed . The screen , although it has restricted viewing angles , is impecible . The viewing angle was n't as much of a problem for me as many people made it sound , it 's actually quite easy to find a comfortable angle . The sound quality is far better than an ipod , although I do n't like the equalizers so I just shut them off . The product is smaller than I imagined even though I knew the dimensions , which was quite a nice surprise . My problems with the device lie more in the video playback . Even though it claims to support many formats you are very resticted , I have yet to find settings to encode divx or xvid so that playback on the device has properly synchronised audio and it only supports wmv up to 320x240 with a constant bitrate which still looks beautiful on hte devices screen but if desplayed on a TV is inadiquate . I have yet to experiment with mpg or mpg2 . The firmware is VERY buggy , I have experienced several `` freezes '' during video playback where the device simply stops responding and the battery has to be removed , if this happens the device then needs bout 2 hours to `` rebuild '' next time you turn it on . Creative claims this will be fixed in the next firmware update.So overall I enjoy the product , it 's fantastic as an audio player and does wonderful with wmv video playback , just watch out with your other formats as they have caused nothing but problems for me , and if you check the support boards at creative 's site , tons of others .
 it is one of the the best pmp 's around . a great LCD and really good looks wit a 30GB capacity . well the price is a bit on the expensive side ... when compared to the archos AV420 which is at 306 $ wit the capability of video recording facility ... well i bought a creative and i dont regret it at all ... . excpt they could have put in the recording facility . it will be the best one around .
 I just received my new Zen Vision . I received cash for Christmas and spent the last few months researching the different products available . I was a little disappointed that I could n't find a local retailer since I would have liked to see it before I purchased it , but since there were n't any local retailers I took the chance and ordered it through Amazon . I already had a Zen Nano and wanted the Vision primarily to store and view all my pictures . I had no problems with the software and it was very simple to load my music and pictures onto the Zen Vision . I agree with the other reviewers about the picture needing to be viewed from a certain angle , but if you hold it or set it at the right angle the pictures are great . I love the larger screen , it is much better than the Ipod . I solved the viewing problem by purchasing the optional docking station . I can set the docking station to the correct angle and can see everything clearly . I 'm very happy with this product and would recommend it to anybody !
 I am very impressed by the Multimedia player , especially with the image -LRB- video -RRB- quality . It is a little heavy to carry around , but it has worked great for me using it in rental cars with a cassette adapter , and in various hotel and cruise cabins with the portabale speaker system . I have found the controls and menus to be easy to work thru , and easy to see . I am not sophisticated by any means , and still learning , but this unit is easy to use , and maintenance is a non-issue . Battery life is n't as the company predicted , but I got at least 6.5 hours of driving time out of it , and that was enough.Storage of music is tremendous , and quite possibly more than I would ever be able to use , but as a portable storage device for transferring pics over a long vacation , it fills the need in me.The problems with the unit are that it does freeze up at times , but very , very rarely during playback . Mostly it hangs up when I am downloading to the unit , or is not recognized by the PC , which has happened frequently . Once I retry , after a day or so , it loads up as though nothing had ever happened . This is disruptive , especially when you are under the gun and trying to load up before a trip , and has occured at those times , 3 times in a row . Still would n't give up the unit though . The biggest problem I have is not really with the unit per se , but with how the music is loaded and displayed in the folders . I guess it is related to the Tagging of the music , and needs to be cleaned up -LRB- which is really labor intensive , so free music really is n't free -RRB- . Tried to purchase accessories from Creative but , they fell down on the job because of relocation of their warehouse , or so they said . Other than that , they were pretty good at explaining any issues with the unit within the first 30 days.Would I purchase again ? Yes . But would like the pricing to be more competitive . But I have to tell you , the video quality is superb , and if you are going to load quality video , then , this is the unit to get .
 First , let me start by saying that I am a picky guy . I send stuff back all the time if something is not what I expected or how it was advertised . I am keeping the Zen Vision . I am glad that I decided to ignore the `` crappy screen '' comments . I did a lot of comparion shopping before deciding on the Zen Vision . Creative is a solid company and I have never been disappointed with their support in the past.FIRST IMPRESSIONSThe screen is excellent . It 's bright , vibrant and a joy to look at . It IS true that if you slant the thing off to the right more than a few inches or to the left a little more , the screen is more difficult to see . IMHO you have to be trying to find the angle that does n't work . Normal viewing is NO PROBLEM AT ALL . Have not had a real problem with the small-ish navigation keys , although I have hit the < OK > -LRB- Enter -RRB- center button occasioanlly while navigating . Big fingers , small buttons , natural enemies.PROSThe sound is great -LRB- what else would you expect from Creative ? -RRB- . Menus are intuitive . PC software does what you need quite easily . USB 2.0 transfer is blazing fast . Included soft case -LRB- bag -RRB- is thoughtful . Included AV cables are great.CONSConnecting AV cables disables screen . Good in most cases , but when I tried to play through CD system using headphone jack and did not have enough audio level . When I then used the AV cables the screen blanked and I could not see what I was doing . Maybe I am missing something ? So far after 1 week , I have not found anything else I did not like and do not expect to . Everyone I have showed it to thinks it is VERY cool and better than any iPod out now.SUMMARYIf you are in the market for a portable media player with video I ca n't imagine finding a better player , especially considering the price . Enjoy !
 I got a Creative Zen Vision for Christmas and I 'm been sold since . First off , Apple 's iPod -LRB- I have a second generation version and I just sold my Nano -RRB- has a great design and easy-to-use interface but honestly , I do n't think the sound quality is all that amazing . Reading about Creative 's products , I was interested to hear if the sound quality really was better than iPod . The reviews were true - sound quality on this PVP is simply amazing . iPods lacked bass , this player thumps on my Bose QuietComfort 2 's . The screen is large enough to watch videos on -LRB- I watched several when I flew back to school -RRB- . The player is meant to be held in your hand and as mentioned ... it 's meant to play portable video , not to as a replacement to the home theater . Check this player out -LRB- or the new Creative Zen Vision
 The Zen Vision is an great product for the niche market that is portable media players . Essentially it is portable photo album that also plays video and music . It does all three well.The screen is razor sharp and reproduces color well . It is nonsense to say it is a PDA screen or to complain about the narrow viewing angle . It is that same narrow angle that brings an almost dimensional aspect to photos . It really has to be seen to be appreciated.Vision 's sound quality is also outstanding , with plenty of volume and a graphic equalizer that actually makes a difference . There is a small external speaker which is OK , but you really need to listen to the Vision with headphones . The interface is similar to the Zen Micro and allows you to import playlists or create them on the fly . You can view photos while you listen to music , but the Vision does not incorporate album art , which is a shortcoming.As for video , I 've transferred several DVDs and home made video and they play flawlessly , no dropped frames or sync problems . Black and white films look very sharp.The Vision comes with Creative software for transfer of files , but I 'd recommend Windows Media Player 10 . It has a better interface and WMP 's sync feature is a flawless way to get new photos and music on the Vision.I use the Vision as a second backup for my music and photo collections and as a portable photo album . The video feature was n't a priority for me but I admit it 's been fun to watch movies on flights without them and not have to lug a laptop .
 tried the archos av500 ... it was good but not great for me . Got the Zen Vision and I love it . It is easy to use , looks great and is just the right size . Most videos need to be converted to the right format but that is easy enough to do . Yes , the screen needs to be held at a specific angle to get the clearest view . . but what a view it is.The biggest issue for me is the cheap pouch that comes with it . It does n't protect anything so I need to buy a real case .
 I was a little unsure about spending 400 dollars on this product , but honestly , the vision has lived up to all of my expectations . The screen is extremely clear and looks great for videos . The menus are probably my favorite feature , they are very easy to use and look great . I highly recommend this player over the new ipod . the only problem i have had is that , like an pmp , transferring files from dvds onto it is challenging .
 Since I bought this Creative Media Player I have nothing bad to say about it . First of all the sound quality is wonderful . Sounds just as good as my stereo , maybe even better . The removable battery is cool and so easy to replace , plus placing songs in this thing is so easy . And you do n't even need to load the software into your computer . All that you need in a media player . But the software that does come with it is cool . You can rip an entire cd right into it without having to go into your computer . Plus you can lower the compression rating all the way down to 48 kbs . Works great with Napster and Rhapsody ... no problems ... well just one ... battery lasts about 4-6 hrs on a full charge ... otherwise it 's great ... even plays movies too ... still have n't figured that one out yet ... I 'm just a novice so when I do you better believe I 'm gon na put a movie in this thing . One other thing ... there 's an a/v jack so you can plug it right into your tv or vcr ... which is so cool I 'm speechless . Ca n't wait for the new model which will hopefully have more GB 's . 30 is just a little small for me . Highly recommended . Screw the ipod ... get this instead ... why pay 99 cents per song .
 I asked for the Zen Vision for my birthday . I chose this one versus the Apple iPod because of the larger screen to watch movies , removable battery and built in FM radio and voice recorder . My parents were a little bit wary of buying it for me - saying that they only say the point of listening to music and $ 390 was a lot to pay for gift . However , once I got it , it was definitely worth the money.First of all , it was a lot smaller and lighter than I expected . I kind of thought it would be big and bulky , but it was light enough to be comfortable in my hand as well as small enough to fit in my front pocket . I compared it to my older brother 's 3G iPod -LRB- 40GB and clickwheel -RRB- , and the Zen stacked up nicely . It was slightly thinner , but also longer and wider -LRB- which is expected because one of the assets of this player is the size of the screen -RRB- . As soon as I turned it on , I found it was incredibly easy to use . The menus are really simple to use , and the buttons are natural.The software was easy to install , and the nice thing is that the Zen synchs automatically with windows media player . And , within an hour , my Zen had all my songs , videos and photos . The sound quality is superb ! Not to mention the video and picture quality . The screen is beautiful , and my home videos have never looked so good ! The radio reception is a little sketchy , and the voice recorder is n't top grade , but they 're both acceptable . There 's really no problem at all.I 've had my Zen for about a day now , and I could n't be happier . I 'm having some trouble putting movies on it , since the included software does n't convert DVDs . -LRB- BTW , the included Media Center Software is n't that useful - but luckily you can perform all the same tasks on Windows Media Player , which I do . -RRB- I took another reviewer 's advice and am using a third party software to copy the DVDs to my computer . Hopefully that 'll work ! But overall , the battery life is great , and everything Creative Labs promises is here . I highly reccomend this product . Much better than an iPod Video !
 Negatives : Three hours with video and nine with audio , about 30 % less than Creative claims.Microsoft Windows XP is required ; while Creative wisely chose to stop using Microsoft Media Center , they added the XP requirement ... a bad move.Creative software is required for installation AND all file transfers , this can not be used as an external USB harddrive.Viewer is required to look directly at the video screen , the viewing angles are extremely narrow . Also there is no color adjustment or antireflective coating.Positives : Large screen in a small magnesium-encased unit weighing only 8.3 ozFM radio and recording , mp3 playback is excellent . -LRB- No line-in audio or video recording . -RRB- VGA Video looks great on the display -LRB- if angled correctly -RRB- and through the tv output.Removable Lithium-Ion -LRB- Double-life battery available -RRB- Customizable EQ Equalizer settings include eight presets as well as custom 5-band EQ sliders and a bass booster.Overall : The best for now , but limited by its requirements .
 i love this player but this isnt a review . How do you take out the battery to this thing ? I pressed the switch in the back and it still wont come out . Plz email me at dkillacoco@yahoo.com for solutions . Thnx
 The player itself is wonderful . Holds tons of video and audio . Best part is the beautiful color screen . BUT , the software program used to load songs & movies on the player is TERRIBLE . Takes 4-6 hours to load 5,000 songs . And videos ... do n't get me started . Must encode all videos to a format that is compatible with the player and each small video file takes 1-2 hours to convert ! And just when I started to enjoy Zencasts -LRB- video podcasts -RRB- on the player , the software program shut down on me and now I ca n't load them anymore ! Sheesh!Creative must change their software if they are going to oust IPOD . The programmers/designers must not be talking to the public b/c this design is NUTS .
 I 've had this 1 year now . It 's great for air trips . I watch a movie , then put on songs . I have about 10 movies , 80 pictures and 400 songs loaded . The batery lasts about 4 hours for video or 2 hours of video and 5 hours of music . I use DVDshrink -LRB- freeware -RRB- and CloneDVDmobile to copy movies to the viewer . It does occasionally lock up but if you remove the batery and reconnect it the veiwer always restarts . The fast forward and rewind are difficult , you do n't see where you are while rewinding . Because the viewer has regular TV resolution the picture when plugged into a regular TV is amazing.This is a great way to carry several hours of movies and music and a great way to watch and listen to them .
 Have had this for almost a year now.Pros : The battery life is good.FM radio and recording.Video out.Removable batteryCan also double as a portable hard disk for photos during travel -LRB- bought the flash card adapter for SD card use -RRB- Cons : The video angle can get irritating as you have to look straight at it but when -LRB- if -RRB- found , its very good -LRB- but not as good as PSP -RRB- I would recommend this over the iPod as I 've used both . Its also easier -LRB- and MUCH faster -RRB- to transfer videos to the Zen than to the iPod .
 Before buying this one I did a lot of research and narrowed down my options to either the 5th gen 30gb ipod or the creative zen vision , and i do n't regret getting the zen vision at all.I 've just compared the two belowZen vision : Resolution 640x480 with a huge 262k 3.7 inch lcd screenipod video 30gb :320 x240 with a 65k 2.5 inch lcd screenZen vision : It 's got a built in preview speaker which is great if u have to get a preview of the songipod video 30gb : no previw speakerZen vision : Has a really good FM radio and an awesome microphoneipod video 30gb : Do n't know of any feature of that sortZen vision : u can upload music from any site imaginableipod video 30gb : only the itunes crap which is 1.00 $ / song ... ?? Zen vision : can play almost every video format including DivXipod video 30gb : sorry mate look somewhere else !! Overall the vision is well worth the extra bucksIt might be heavy but the built quality is simply great ... buy the vision if u follow ur heart , buy the ipod ... if someone told u so
 I agree with most of what the previous reviewer said . What I dislike most is the are extremely narrow viewing angle and the lack of antireflective coating . Otherwise , it is a generally good device.My wish list for the next version includes built-in Wi-Fi and the ability to browse the network neighborhood and pull media files from any machine on the local wireless network , and an internet browser : - -RRB-
 The player does all that it says . But everyone 's worst nightmare is getting a bad one out of the box , which happened to me . I called Creative support and the helped me confirm the hard drive was defective . Then I told Amazon and in 5 minutes had a prepaid return label and a new player within the week . That is great in anyone 's book . Still getting used to the player , but it works great !
 OK , I did too much research on these devices ... so I am here to share : I will break down Pros / Cons / General Advice / Why Creative over an IPOD.OK ... giving this 5 stars , not because it is perfect ... only because * all things being equal *** it is best in its class.Pros - SMART drag / drop -LRB- which is HUGE if you were an ` old time original napster dude , where you downloaded everyone song you ever wanted , and still have the collection -RRB- . SMART means this ... if you drag / drop music , pictures and video in one folder , it will ask you if you want Creative to put the files into the appropriate folders . And it does this well . Nice feature , if you have digital pics , and digital movie footage -LRB- from the same camera , in the same folder -RRB- ... you do n't have to do the sorting yourself ... as it handles it for you . - long battery life - nice little speaker for ` preview ' without having to block out the rest of the world with your headphones -LRB- useful if youare sharing family pics w / your kids and do n't want to depend on the headset -RRB- - nice HD screen BIG screen - nice wow factor - beautiful design - HUGE format replay support -LRB- like AVI , which none of the other players support , even the Vision M -RRB- . AVI for me is huge , because I take a lot of digital camera movie clips , which are in AVI format . I wanted to be able to play these back , without having to convert , and this unit handles it . - removable battery - option for EXTENDED 28 hour battery life - fm , voice recorder - tv outputs - Can manage with what ever software you so desire ... -LRB- see cons on IPOD below -RRB- . Cons - had to reset unit -LRB- remove battery , put battery back in -RRB- as the unit froze on me within 72 hour period -LRB- however , it ispossible that I had a corrupt MP3 that caused this ... and I did fill it up to 30 % capacity and did a lot of moving of filesaround . Like any hard drive file system , this can cause some confusion to the underlying OS , so I am less concerned aboutthe freeze problem ... but will be keeping an eye on it -RRB- - headset does not make sense ... should have come with a right angle plug -LRB- minor , and a $ 20 fix ... just buy a pair of niceheadphones -RRB- . The plug and its location is prone to become damaged -LRB- as it is right by the finger controls , and sticksstraight out ... very annoying -RRB- . I replaced with a nice pair of Philips right angle plug headphones , which comes with a windcase , for easy travel -LRB- without the tangle -RRB- . - like everyone said about the screen ... it is tough to view with 2 eyes ... let me explain ... -LRB- which by the way ... ifyou change the underlying skin to SILVER , versus the standard DARK BLUE , you will be in much better shape -RRB- . Now , for theexplaination ... If you look with your left eye only ... you will notice a sweet spot when viewing . At that sweet spot , the picture will looklike a picture ... when out of that sweet spot , the black becomes ` shiny ' . Now , when you are infocus with your left eye , close it , and open your right eye ... you will notice that your right eye sees the pic a bit shiny . If you adjust the viewangle with your right eye , your left eye will see that bit of shinyness ... and so , on . I am NOT sure what the folks ofcreative were smoking when they designed this screen , but it is tough on the eyes . NOT NOT NOT designed to watch a move , butdefinately has the WOW factor , because when you look at it , at a glance , the screen is NICE , almost HD . - If you use polarized lenses , when you are driving , do n't even think of looking at the screen , because you wont seeANYTHING . Somehow , the polarization cancels out the view ENTIRELY . Not sure why , but it does . -LRB- Despite the screen flaws , - expensive -LRB- but only $ 80 more then the Vision M , which is a nice alternative , but does not have the replay speaker , the bigger screen or the extensive format repaly support.General AdviceDo n't rely on MP3 tagging , because your songs will always be out of order . Create Playlists ... this way you can go to yourgroup of songs and can pinpoint any song you want in SECONDS , versus having to sort through incorrect Genre , mislabeled albumtitles , etc. . It comes down to this ... label your songs yourself , do n't depend on these unreliable MP3 tagging services , which will completely destroy the existing tags on you songset . I have a huge collection of howard stern comedy clips , andmp3 autotagging had these songs in ballet , soul , etc. . And the funny thing is that these services claimed to have completed100 % accurate tagging to my songs . B * & & S ; % $ ! . Stick to your own labeleing , and use playlists . I had over 1300 songsorganized in about 1 hour.Why Creative over an IPOD : OK , here is why . IN MY LIFE , I purchased 5 songs through IPOD . Notice the workd PURCHASED , meaning I OWN THEM . Would youbelieve that when I went to play those songs on another computer , I WAS REQUIRED TO LOG INTO ITUNES , to ACTIVATE THE APPROVALOF THOSE SONGS BEING PLAYED !!!!! Is that insane ? Talk about big brother keeping tabs on the S & # ! I purchased . I hate tosay this , but APPLE is for people that do n't have brains . They are for people that do n't want to think , and do n't care toask questions , and do n't care to understand . For those ... there is apple . For everyone else , CREATIVE understands yourpersonal needs , and also has a talented bunch of engineers that understand what an enthusiast REALLY wants . The CON howeverto buying the Creative is that you will have to use 5 % of your brain . If that is OK with you , then this is the device foryou . If you do n't want to use your brain , and want APPLE to do all of the thinking for you , buy an IPOD ... but beware whenyou ` upgrade your computer ' , and APPLE says there is a limit on how many computers you can play your ` PURCHASED ' songs on.ALSO , why this over an IPOD : - built in speaker - nice HD screen , especially if you are a PROUD parent , and want to keep every digital picture of your kids in your shirtpocket , as well as your full MP3 list . - TV output , to share slideshows with your family - EXCELLENT support
 I started looking at items like this one because I wanted a device I could use to store my photos while traveling without lugging a notebook computer around . When I picked this one , I think I made a great choice.Mainly , in this review , I want to address some misconceptions found in other reviews . First , the screen
 Negatives : Three hours with video and nine with audio , about 30 % less than Creative claims.Microsoft Windows XP is required ; while Creative wisely chose to stop using Microsoft Media Center , they added the XP requirement ... a bad move.Creative software is required for installation AND all file transfers , this can not be used as an external USB harddrive.Viewer is required to look directly at the video screen , the viewing angles are extremely narrow . Also there is no color adjustment or antireflective coating.Positives : Large screen in a small magnesium-encased unit weighing only 8.3 ozFM radio and recording , mp3 playback is excellent . -LRB- No line-in audio or video recording . -RRB- VGA Video looks great on the display -LRB- if angled correctly -RRB- and through the tv output.Removable Lithium-Ion -LRB- Double-life battery available -RRB- Customizable EQ Equalizer settings include eight presets as well as custom 5-band EQ sliders and a bass booster.Overall : The best for now , but limited by its requirements .
 Excellent buy . It 's easily my favorite electronic device . Some thoughts on the various features : I tend to travel a lot . I usually lug around my digital Rebel and take a lot of pictures . A 6.3 megapixel camera tends to fill up memory cards quickly . On my last trip I brought along my Zen Vision and used it to back up my digital pics right from the CF card . I did n't need to carry around my laptop to download the pictures , and I only had to bring two memory cards with me . My back appreciated this change.The built-in screen far surpasses my expectations . It will not replace a laptop screen for some applications , but the resolution is FANTASTIC.I already used the Creative MediaSource Organizer to manage my music collection , because I had a Zen mp3 player . This software is superior to the offerings of any other vendor I am aware of . It 's neat , fast and powerful . It 's multiple panes and intuitive interface make it easy to organize and transfer content.The Media Explorer is used to transfer pictures and video . The transfer is amazingly quick and painless . When viewed on the Vision 's screen , the video is bright and clear . The pictures have excellent contrast . I wish there was a rotate feature so that portrait-oriented photos could take up the whole screen . Then again , I have n't read the manual yet so maybe that feature is there somewhere.The interface used to navigate between the photo , video , music features is ridiculously easy to figure out -LRB- like I said , I have n't read the manual yet and I have used all the features successfully -RRB- . One previous reviewer implied that you can not charge the Vision with a USB plug only . This is not the case . The unit comes with a charger that can be plugged in to a standard wall outlet . However , the Vision will also charge while connected to your computer with the included USB cable , even if if is not plugged in to the charger . If you travel with a laptop , you do n't need to carry your charger . I find that plugging in the Vision to a USB port will fully charge the device in a few hours - a bit slower than if you plug it in to the charger.When at home I plug the Vision in to a Bose Wave Music System . The combo is absolutely amazing . It fills my apartment with fantastic sound , and there is no need to mess around with CD 's . It 's nice not having to have my computer connected to the speaker system to listen to MP3 's . One reqret - I purchased a white unit . In retrospect I would have chosen the darker color . The white unit tends to stand out while watching movies in dark environments - like an overnight flight .
 I bought the new iPod video when it first came out , without the benefit of being able to preview it . After buying software upgrades , I spent quite a few hours trying to convert my movies into the proper format , then the proper size , only to realize that my images were now too small to see . I returned it . I was going to give up when I saw a link that led me to the new Creative Zen Vision . It was pretty new too , with no real reviews . I figured I would give it a shot.First impression is that it has twice the screen size of the iPod . It 's the options within the Vision is what sets this apart . While Apple has sold us the puzzle , one expensive piece at a time , Creative Vision has given us the whole picture . This is a VERY feature rich media machine ! It has an external memory slot ! Can you possibly believe that the # 1 competitor does n't have this ? I have 2 other iPods and now I wonder why I ever bought them!Those 2 features alone are what sold me , but then it does much more . It has an external speaker -LRB- so you are not completely lost if the headphones are mutilated by car door -RRB- . It has a built in microphone -LRB- you can record directly to the hard drive without having to buy anything else -RRB- . It has a built in FM radio . It has Video/Audio Out so you can port your media to another computer or television -LRB- how about carrying a bunch your DVD quality presentations/movies in your pocket , plug them in , and you 're up and running -RRB- ! Finally , it even has a basic Organizer with Calendar , Tasks , and Contacts.The low points ; Yes , the view straight on is not the best . But I usually do n't hold the screen that way , just a few degrees down is fine -LRB- the picture does n't distort , and I do n't get any reflections -RRB- . I would like the Power Connector to be readily available . It 's under the same rubber flap as the A/V Connector , which is to say that any time you leave the power connected ; you have to expose the AV connection to the elements too . A simple tethered plug would be better . Next , the Compact Flash slot is outdated . A simpler , and smaller , Secure Digital slot would be better , especially as most PDA 's , phones , and Digital Camera 's tend to go that way now . Creative does sell an adapter , but it 's another piece of the puzzle to buy.This thing could easily be 5 out of 5 , with just a little more tweaking .
 I 've done quite a lot of research on this device before buying it . I must say - I actually purchased this device twice :-LRB- . The first time was when it first came out -LRB- many months ago -RRB- and the second time was about two months ago . When I first purchased the device - my driving requirement was an MP3 player and watching videos . I did n't want to go with the iPod since I did n't like the fact that it was only compatible with iTunes and the idea of watching videos was cool - since I spend at least two hours on the train to go to work.Unfortunately , when I first purchased this device , I had to return it about a week later , because somehow , I had managed to ` crash ' the device and it developed a firmware problem . Instead of ordering a replacement model - I decided to get a refund . My first experience was not all that great : -LRB- Since then , I 've occasionally monitored various postings and comments -LRB- online -RRB- on the device , and with my getting more involved in digital photography , decided to purchase another one :-RRB- . Since my purchase of the this device the second time , I have n't had any regrets . It has worked -LRB- almost -RRB- perfectly , cause in the world of software , nothing ever works perfectly , and it has definitely met all my expectations.Here are some of the things I use my ZV for :1 . Storage device for my Compact Flash cards for my Nikon Digital SLR - so I do n't need to lug around so many cards . Whenever I fill up one card - I just dump the pictures to my ZV . And yes , it handles RAW and NEF files -LRB- although you ca n't actually view them from the device -RRB- .2 . Storage for backing up my documents on my computer -LRB- a portion of the ZV can be configured as an external drive - so no more USB key fobs for me -RRB- .3 . A MP3 media player -LRB- for my CDs I 've ripped -RRB- .4 . A MP3 media player for my Napster to Go subscription .5 . Watching TV shows that I 've transferred from my Tivo.Although this device is not small , the cool thing is that I only need ONE device , and because it 's so versatile , if I 'm bored , I can easily entertain myself by either listening to music or watching a show.The only disadvantages I 've had in using the device :1 . The screen is n't bright enough in direct sunlight -LRB- but then again - most of the times when I 'm watching video - it 's not in direct sunlight -RRB- .2 . A bigger hard drive - more of a feature request - because once you start to use this device - you 're hooked .
 I 've had my Vision for about 3 months now and I use it almost daily at work . The audio is great , the graphics are very good for a handheld device , the UI is easy to get around.Every now and then it will just sorta crap out on me and I have to pull the battery to get it reset , but that 's only been two or three times -LRB- I think that some of my audio files might be corrupt -RRB- . The fact that it has a radio tuner -LRB- which works great -RRB- , plays audio files and video files was a huge selling point for me . Plus , if you get the extra card reader , it will read a ton of different cards and allows for easy storage of data files -LRB- I use mine for pics - this holds a lot more than my SD card for my camera -RRB- . The pictures never can do justice on a small screen , nor are the videos 100 % quality . But if you want that , use your computer.I 've also found that the normal battery does n't quite stand up to what I use it for . After 8 + hours of use at the office listening to audio files , the battery tends to die before I pack up and head home for the day - and that 's even with adjusting the settings to be power conservative . When using the tuner most of the day , this is n't an issue . I have n't tried to watch hours upon hours of video on it yet , but I 'm assuming it would die even quicker than it does with audio files.Overall , it 's been great for me . Just what I needed - with some very minor adjustments on my part .
 First , a word of caution . This is a totally non-techie review , and applies only to my personal experiences with the Zen Vision . Your experiences will undoubtedly be very different from mine.The Zen Vision is a great little machine , but not without its minor flaws . It plays videos on a 3.7 '' diagonal LCD screen . And since it has a 30GB hard drive , it will hold a lot of videos . It also displays . jpg photos , and of course , it plays music too . The unit does all of the above quite well in my non-techie opinion . There 's even an FM radio that sounds very clear when the earbuds are attached , since they act as the antenna . Some FM stations can apparently be recorded if desired . The unit has a built in microphone for making voice recordings . I tried it , and the sound quality is more than adequate , although there 's no way to adjust the settings . There 's also a cable included for playing the Zen on a TV set . It does other little things , too , such as a Contact List , Task List , and Calendar , but do n't expect miracles from these latter features.The unit is small but heavy , and does indeed feel good in the hand . You just know that Creative has packed a lot of technological punch into this very solid little package which is slightly larger than a deck of cards . It makes sense that the bulk of the heavy but compact circuitry is for the operation of the videos , since that is the main selling feature . Still , if I may get psychological for a moment , when I 'm using the machine I have this continuous feeling that the Zen Vision 's screen will be destroyed by heaven-knows-what in the next few seconds , simply because the screen is so large and so vulnerable and works so well . There is also an expectation that the battery will die in the next few moments because no electronic gadget this good can possibly run too long , even if the battery 's just been re-charged . I 'm certain these feelings are caused by guilt from enjoying the machine so much.But here come the flaws . First of all , the software that came with the unit sucks . Creative provided the basic Media Explorer software , plus some kind of Yahoo music software that wanted to take over the world . Also included was a trial version of something called Video Vault . I installed these latter two applications , because like Mount Everest , they were there . However , they were quickly deleted because I found them to be less than useless . Creative 's Media Explorer software was n't much better but I 've left it intact because I need to use it for downloading photos . For downloading videos and music , I find that Windows Media Player 11 is superior , in that I do n't get the continuous error messages of Creative 's software . However , WMP11 goes through a slow `` conversion '' process -LRB- why that 's necessary I do n't know -RRB- , followed immediately by the `` sync '' -LRB- why ca n't they say `` transfer '' ? -RRB- process . But at least WMP11 works much better than Media Explorer.As for screen quality , it 's not bad for an LCD screen . It 's about what you 'd expect to see on the LCD screen of any quality digital camera . When viewed outdoors , it 's a little difficult to see the screen and the colors , but I guess that 's also to be expected . But when viewed indoors , the screen is sharp , and the colors are more than adequate , though not consistently brilliant by any means . Colors seem to be more pronounced in photos than in videos . The viewing angle is indeed very narrow . Looking at the screen from the left , it looks like a negative photograph . Looking at it from the right , it looks washed out . Suggestion
 I was really nervous after buying this poduct that it wasnt going to be that great . After all , most electronics arent nearly what they say they are once you actually have them in your possesion , having said that ... this one is great.I love everything about it . The LCD is HUGE and crystal clear , however , as im sure you have read , the viewing angle is very limited . but thats why they call it a PERSONAL video player . The interface is very easy to navigate , everything is at your fingertips.The weight is incredibly light for the size , and in a general sense it blows any Ipod out of the water . The battery life is really good for both video and music . -LRB- see creativelabs.com for actual specs . -RRB- overall i would rate this pvp as the best on the market right now . i have used many ipod , and i find no comparison between the two.the only downside , is that it is larger and bulkier than the ipod , so if you want it for everyday use , maybe an ipod would be better for you . secondly the calendar option only lets you create , add , or edit information from your computer and then sync the info to the zen.but dont get me wrong , this thing is amazing .
 The Zen vision allow to store thousands of family pictures , Favorites MP3 songs and full disks you have , Control each user use with his own play list , and store films you can easy connect and look through your TV or personaly in the Zen Vision screen.Good control and arrange softwares came together .
 This item is very handy . I 've stored plenty of music and have alot of movies and video clips and still have plenty of room . The video love fabulous and the pictures are great . The slideshow w/music ability is great . It supports plenty of file types and comes with converter software if not supported . Another plus is the ability to record radio . The only draw backs I 've seen are two . One the speaker is a good quility but not as loud as it could be . Two is sometime it make freeze up but extremely rare . Just take the battery off and it rebuilds yours files without flaw .
 I was a little concerned about buying this item by the Internet , but everything was really easy and the service was perfect . The items arrived in very good conditions and on time . Wonderful service !
 The Zen Vision 30 GB is an awsome multimedia player . It is easy to use , comes with great software , and complete with an FM radio.This unit leaves the Apple Ipod video eating dust .
 Pros : A lot of features such as Video Playback , MP3 , Organizer , Alarm Clock , Voice Recorder , FM Tuner . Using their software is basically like opening up explorer in Windows . Resolution and sound quality are nice . Having buttons instead of a touch pad allows for more precise control . Removable battery pack is nice . There is an additional extended battery pack available for purchase . Has a speaker so you can blast ghetto music in a fancy restaurant if you 'd like . Can take a CompactFlash card to transfer data . Many other fun features.Cons : OMG is it HUGE !!! I honestly was n't expecting it to be THAT big . I thought `` hm ... maybe a little bit bigger than the Zen Vision M. . . ? '' This thing is almost the exact same size as my Nintendo DS ! I just ca n't get over how HUGE it is . It 's a bit of a turn off for those who might want to use it to exercise and walk around with . Think super old school Walkman but significantly heavier ! When the delivery guy dropped it off , I was shocked that the box was so HUGE !! I thought they had sent me the wrong item ! And then I opened it ... !!! I was almost repulsed by how prehistoric it looked!More cons ... The thing LAGS . It definitely does n't operate nearly as fast as the iPod when switching menus . I guess that 's because of all the things it offers . It does get to be a little bit tedious and frustrating.Even more cons ... Lack of accessories . I guess I probably wo n't need a toughskin or protector for this thing , because if I drop it , it 'll damage whatever it lands on , purely by its size.Overall , as far as the functions of this player are concerned , I 'm happy with it . However , I 'm still trying to get over the ridiculous size of the thing . Do I dare bring it out in public ? What would my friends say ? Would people stare ?! I highly suspect that they will laugh.Oh well ... I guess I was really only going to use it to play music in the car . I must remember to hide it in the glove box before I let any passengers in the car .
 I just love my Multimedia Player . I can play songs , listen to books and store pictures to carry around with me . The screen is big and sharp so you can see pictures very well . I have not tried to play videos on it yet and I have not had any problems so I do n't have any complaints .
 Love the performance . Love the support . The only problem I have is with the durability . I 've owned two . Ok only paid for one , and they were good with the exchange . But for some reason the right ear cup keeps going out about every 3 months with extended use . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm far from abusive to a 300 dollar piece of equipment . All in all , great if you want a name brand . Just do n't expect to not have to use their customer service .
 If you fly once a week on business and occasionally have to take long flights to the other coast or europe/asia , buy this rightaway . It is expensive but worth it . Lets you focus on the work , while flying . I never realized how tiring the airplane background noise is , till I bought this . And if you get a seat near the engines , it does become really noisy . Also , very useful , if U are sitting near a `` chatty '' passenger . I also use it while watching movies on my laptop and with my mp3 player . Comes with a nice case to store it , when not in use .
 When Mrs Fisk announced that she had blown $ 600 on two pairs of Bose headphones I almost spontainiously combusted , but on a recent 10 hour flight these things entirely payed for themselves by transporting me from my noisy cramped airplane seat to an entirely different environment.Cutting all that low frequency sound helps reduce fatigue and you get a real nice signal on the airplane sound jack that you would never know existed with the free headphones you get on the plane . I cranked classical music , drank scotch and pretended I was Higgins sitting in the study of the Masters estate sipping Cognac and petting the ` lads ' .
 I received my headphones for Christmas , and I can hardly believe the richness and fullness of sound that comes through . And in complete comfort . I forget I have them on sometimes.I never got this much from my music on other headphones . I am emotionally moved by really good and beautiful music and these headphones give me every drop , without any other sounds interfering . I often find myself in tears while listening . I 'm not a very technical person , but I know when something sounds good . These are GREAT!I ca n't believe some of the negative reviewers are talking about the same product .
 I have had a pair for over a year . I travel to Europe quite a bit and have been very pleased with them on planes . They really help to make air travel tolerable . However , on trains -LRB- Amtrak , MetroNorth -RRB- they pick up a slight buzz every once in a while . Also , if my cell phone is powered on and within 1-2 feet of the Bose , they pick up a buzz every 5 minutes - very annoying and makes the Bose almost worthless . Bose technical support responded with a polite , '' ... There is so much potential for electronic pollution that it is nearly impossible to create an electrnoic product that is not subject to some kind of interference . '' For $ 299 , they should be able to eliminate the interference or be more upfront with their potential customers . Or at least , engineer them so that you could use them as regular headphones w/o the noise reduction on.If cell phones are allowed on planes , I would not recommend this product .
 I travel a lot and I never could sleep on planes until I got the QC2 headphones . I absoulutely adore them . You can watch movies on planes and hear every word . I have an ipod when I listen to my favorite song a used to have to restart the songs from the beginning because my bad sony headphone did n't cancel out the sound I have tried and failed on so many headphones I am so glad that I found these . I recommend them to anyone . They are better than any other bose headphone .
 First of all , let me say that I resisted buying the Bose QuiteComfort 2 headphones for a long , long time . I travel a fair amount for business , and had been looking for a pair of noise cancelling headphones for those long plane rides , but I did n't like the $ 300 price tag . I bought and returned a number of the cheaper Sony alternatives after finding them dramatically inferior . A business colleague had the Bose headphones , and I borrowed them for a test drive . There really is n't a comparison . Turn on the power and the ambient noise really does melt away , whether you have music playing or not . I now use them to review and edit audio files on my laptop when I 'm flying , watching DVDs , as well as mowing the lawn while listening to my iPod . I never noticed the pressure that an earlier reviewer mentioned , but after reading their reviews it is there . However , it 's never caused me any discomfort . Really , I have nothing bad to say about these headphones .
 Ironically , while most people buy a version 2 before they buy a version 3 , I bought the Bose QuietComfort 2 * after * I had purchased the Bose QuietComfort 3 newer headphone set.Here 's the issue . The QuietComfort 3 are the brand new version , they cost more , and they are `` smaller and lighter '' . They offer pretty much the exact same noise cancelling quality , but they fit on top of your ear vs being a larger , bulky around the ear style like the QuietComfort 2 . However , when I tested out the QuietComfort 3 for a month , I found them to be quiet painful . Not in a `` pressure on the ear '' sense - they were quite comfortable to wear . Rather , when you turned them on , the pressure they exerted on the actual eardrum in order to `` cancel noise '' hurt . It was a physical sensation , when you turned them on and felt that WHOMP of wave energy pressing against your eardrum . Anybody who thinks the QuietComfort 2 is uncomfortable in that sense has n't tried the QuietComfort 3 yet.Yes , I realize that in order to cancel out ambient sound waves , there has to be an opposite sound wave to cancel them out . It 's simple physics . However , because the QuietComfort 2 is an around-the-ear design , it does n't have to blast that cancelling wave right at your eardrum . The larger `` air area '' being encapsulated by the ear cups gives you more area to work with , and you can block out the sounds without bombarding the ear canal with signals . I did numerous tests with the QuietComfort 2 , with my set of iPod playlists that had left-only and right-only sounds , and even during the quiet parts , it was quite comfortable.Also , as much as people might say that the QuietComfort 2 has `` large '' ear pods , I really did n't find them bad at all . I was able to sleep with them , wear them without feeling silly at all . The case , in fact , is about the exact same size as the QuietComfort 3 case.In all , I am EXTREMELY happy that I traded in my QuietComfort 3 headphones for the larger but `` kinder '' QuietComfort 2 set . The noise cancelling ability is pretty much exactly the same , and the long term comfort is FAR superior . Plus , since the QuietComfort 2 takes batteries vs rechargeable plug-in items , it means if I drain the battery , I simply plunk in new ones . With the QC3 I 'd have to wait for a recharge , assuming of course I had the appropriate charger -LRB- and outlet access -RRB- for whatever airport or country I 'm in .
 After reading some of the other reviews , I feel I must weigh in with my opinion of these headphones . I bought them online from Bose after some research of similar products . I 'm not made of money , but $ 300 did n't seem bad , since I do really enjoy listening to music , and I own some incredible Klipsch speakers . I believe the most important component in an audio system is the final link , the actual sound transducers , whether they are the speakers , or headphones , so I tend to not scrimp on either.That being said , I have listened to a wide variety of headphones , and I own a pair of Sony V600 's . The sound quality of the Bose QC2 's are on par with the best I have heard . I personally do not get the sensation of `` pressure '' mentioned by others , however the noise-cancelling feature does produce a sensation that , frankly , you do n't get anywhere else . It 's not bothersome to me at all , and I do n't even notice it after the first minute of listening . As a frame of reference , I work in a noisy manufacturing environment , and I wear foam earplugs in my ears over 8 hours a day , so the QC2 's are entirely unobtrusive to me.As a testament to their noise-cancelling ability , I wear them when I mow my lawn with my cheap -LRB- noisy -RRB- riding mower , and in that capacity they are nothing short of phenomenal . I plug them into my Muvo MP3 player and turn the volume on the player up to about half to three-quarters , and I do n't even notice the mower engine anymore . No other headphones I 've tried were able to let me enjoy listening to music while I mowed.The AAA battery seems to last forever . The construction of the QC2 's can best be described as very high quality , but light . The ` phones weigh very little , but I would n't want to drop them off of a table for fear of them breaking . I tend to be very careful with my electronic `` toys , '' but I still find myself treating these even more carefully than usual.The bottom line is I am completely satisfied with my QC2 's . They do n't cancel all noise out completely , but they do reduce it very noticeably , cancelling lower frequencies -LRB- street rumble , footfalls on stairs and floors -RRB- better than higher frequencies -LRB- female voice , television sound . -RRB- When I bought them , Bose was running an offer of a free CD player with the purchase of the ` phones , and that helped push me over the fence . Even without the free player , I can recommend buying these without reserve .
 Okay , the main points first :1 . The noise-cancellation works fairly well , but has some problems .2 . The overall sound quality is good , but not exceptional .3 . The ear-pressure effect is there , but it 's not that bad .4 . They cost $ 300 . First off , there 's the noise cancellation . The effect is so subtle at first that I missed it completely , and thought there was a problem with my headphones . With a little experimentation , though , I figured out exactly what it was doing . -LRB- Disclaimer
 As a consultant I traveled 2-3 days per week . I spent a lot of time listening to one-sided cell phone conversations , inane chatter , jet engines , train noise and bad music in coffee shops and airport concourses . I purchased the Bose Quiet Comfort headphones right before I departed on a 5 day , 3 city trip.From the moment I put them on I knew this was a breakthrough product . Sure - I noticed something akin to pressure on my ears but that sensation passed in a few minutes . It 's just like getting used to wearing a watch - you end up not noticing it at all after a short time . What has not passed is the joy in letting the rest of the world just fall away so that I can get some down time while traveling.Not only was the background noise from the plane 's engines gone , but I could actually turn the volume down on my Creative Zen Vision much lower than would be the case with other headphones because the music was n't competing with the roar of the engines.The same with the volumn while watching movies - I did n't have to crank up the volume just to hear what was being said . I could even hear the dialogue of movies played on my laptop and those played by the airline . I can not emphasize this point enough - for the first time ever , I could actually hear music and videos without cranking up the volume to the max - saving my ears from damage as well as avoiding dirty looks from my fellow passengers.On my honeymoon , my wife and I both brought along a pair . Being able to distance ourselves from all the background noise really did increase the relaxation factor and allowed us to travel 12 hours each way in relative peace . Speaking of honeymoons - this item would be a GREAT wedding gift . There is nothing worse than to spend your time enroute to some fabulous tropical destination for your honeymoon listening to the kids behind you scream while their father snores away.Even at home , my wife will sometimes wear her headphones while reading . It completely eliminates any noise from the television in the next room.Contrary to what one other reviewer has stated , the sound from these headphones is anything but distorted . I find that I can hear subtleties in music that I can not hear over my home entertainment system . The fact that I can still hear these subtleties while in a loud environment is an added bonus.You probably will not wear these headphones while in the gym -LRB- though I have actually seen people wearing them while on the treadmill at my local gym - the same type of people that wear designer workout shorts -RRB- . There are also times where you do n't need noise reduction . For these times , I have inexpensive headphones . I would not however deduct any points from Bose for making a specialty set of headphones just because they are not perfect for all situations . I would not take points off my favorite leather jacket because I ca n't wear it to the beach in July.Yes , these things are expensive . But if you feel the need to shield yourself from the pervasive noise of the modern world , there really is no substitute on the market .
 The quiet comfort aspect of these headphones do n't cut out all sound , so if you are sleep deprived and have shrieking neighbours you 'd be better off getting ear protectors for 5 . The headphones tend to cut out bass sound e.g. the sounds of bus engines , train engines , loud men on their mobile phones . On London Underground -LRB- very noisy - people have to shout if they want to talk -RRB- you still hear the sounds of the air being forced through the tunnels , but the rumbling sound of the wheels on the track vanish . You can actually hear the music you are listening to too , which is a first.The headphones do n't cut out all voice sounds , so if you have noisy people chatting behind you on the bus you will still hear them , but they are far less irritating than they would be without the phones . Interestingly , if you have someone sitting near you listening to their i-pod too loudly it does n't cut this out.Moving on to music , the headphones pick up sounds and notes from my i-pod I did n't know existed , and make my listening experience fantastic , and if you have music on whilst in the situations mentioned above you wo n't hear anything external -LRB- apart from on the underground -RRB- . As regards comfort I have no complaints - they are far more comfortable than in-ear headphones , and you do n't notice the weight . The headphones use an AAA battery in one of the cups which seems to last a long time -LRB- over 20 hours so far ! -RRB- . -LRB- The phones are switched on on a switch on one of the headphone cups - you need them switched on for silent mode and music mode ; they do n't work without the battery , unlike most other headphones -RRB- . If you are in a quiet environment , say at home with the occassional sound of kids or car-alarms , you will hear a very faint hiss if you try , but this is n't intrusive -LRB- It sounds like falling rain in the distance , so is quite relaxing -RRB- . You wo n't notice this if you are wearing them in noisier environments.The headphones also come with various cables for use in different machines , and come with a hard case to protect them when you are not using them . -LRB- The ear cups fold flat for transport -RRB- . My only worry about wearing these excellent headphones in public is the possibility of being mugged .
 My wife bought my Quietcomfort 2 headphones for me for Christmas of 2006 and here I sit , still listening to them four years later . I 've never found a better sounding pair of headphones since I first received these . These cans are time-tested . I ca n't really say how many hours I 've put into them , quite a few . They have the perfect balance of sound , good solid low end without being boomy or loose sounding , great , strong mids , and clear highs . The noise cancelling function is so good it 's creepy , almost makes it seem like you 're under water . I listen to all kinds of music ; rock , jazz , classical , metal , punk , what have you . All of them sound great on these Quietcomfort 2s . If you 're willing to spend some money , these are your boys .
 I purchased the Bose QuietComfort 15 to replace an excellent and far less expensive set from Jabra . Sad to say , the Jabra is no longer manufactured and it turned out not to be nearly as durable as the still earlier Bose headphones it replaced.There is no question in mind that I am paying more than the Bose QuietComfort 15 is worth in monetary terms.On the other hand , when you slip these comfortable headphones on , with their amply padded earphone cups covering your ears , and flip the switch which activates the sound-cancelling microphones and supporting circuitry , they 're worth every penny as the background noises essentially vanish and you are left in a cocoon of quietude.Contradictory feelings ? Indeed . Having experienced their near-equal with the Jabra noise-cancelling headset at about half or less the price , I do feel that I 've been overcharged . But when , magically , I make the annoying , distracting noises around me disappear , I do n't think about the price.Bose makes a good product . It is well-constructed and durable and will survive fairly rough handling . These things are big and the protective carrying case is big too -LRB- though not as useful as earlier models -RRB- . Audio quality is high . I am not an audiophile , so I ca n't deliver a polished , sophisticated opinion of the sound quality
 This is a great product , but as priced by this vendor is FAR TOO HIGH . You can buy from Bose via Amazon .
 I have had many style headphone over the years and these are bar none the best ones I have ever owned . I use them for travel , mowing and with MyIpod . I would however not buy them on Amazon you can buy them cheaperat the Bose web sight .
 I have tried both the QC2 and QC3 on American Airlines flights -LRB- they lend them to you in business or first class on overseas flights -RRB- and the QC2 is more comfortable for sure . Also , the QC3 has a weird tendency to make a screeching noise if you put pressure on it at the wrong angle , as can happen when you are situating yourself on oh-so-comfortable airline seats . This has happened to me on multiple flights , so it is a design issue and not from a defective pair of headphones . Although the QC2s are larger , when either pair is in its carrying case , they take up the same amount of space . Lastly , the ability to swap out AAA batteries instead of having to recharge a battery with only 12 hours of life -LRB- not enough for many itineraries -RRB- also makes the QC2 a winner . Where in-the-ear headphones may block out more sound , you ca n't beat the comfort of the QC2 vs. having something stuck in your ear for hours on end .
 I got these five years ago as an impulse purchase . I was travelling between the US and the UK -LRB- 8-10 hour flight each way -RRB- a half dozen times a year , and wanted noise cancelling headphones for the plane . After using them once in flight , I tried them as office headphones as well , to help reduce ambient noise around me and because of their good sound quality.Pro : + Outstanding sound ! I 've also gotJVC HARX700 Precision Sound Full Size Headphones - BlackandSennheiser HD595 Dynamic High Grade Performance Premiere Headphones , and these blow both of them away for overall sound quality -LRB- though not depth / bass -RRB- . + Noise reduction works great - as long as you 've got the right expectations . Significantly reduces my fatigue when flying + Very comfortable . The earcups fit around my ears rather than on them , and the leather covering does n't make me sweat . My ears do get a bit hot inside after a couple hours , but that 's reasonable for closed headphones . + Portable for over-the-ear headphones . The two earcups can rotate sideways to make the headphones flatter , and easier to stow in a backpack or in their case . + Cord can be removed to allow them to act as noise reducing earmuffs without listening to music.Con : - The headphone has a triple-A battery which MUST have juice for the headphones to work at all - for either sound or sound cancellation . On the bright side , a single alkaline battery lasts something like 25 hours of use.The noise reduction is significant , but do n't expect it to block everything out . It 's like wearing a thick pair of earmuffs , or maybe hiding your head under a pillow . It 's in no way comparable to the sound reduction you get from $ 2 earplugs.Despite this , I 've found it useful for greatly reducing noise from jet engines , air conditioning , heaters , fans , and reducing general ambient noise noticably . If you listen to music - even at a lowish volume - the combination makes most background noise disappear , and is vastly superior to headphones alone.Even better , they 've changed in-flight movies from something that I can barely hear what is being said - if I 'm lucky - to an experience where the sound is great and my new complaint is the tiny LCD screen I 'm watching . Not a bad position to be in : -RRB- Overall I love these headphones , they 're the best ones I 've ever had . I am sold on the Bose QuietComfort over-the-ear series , and will buy another pair if and when these wear out . After 5 years , though , I 'm not holding my breath : -RRB-
 I 've had nose canceling headphones before and they 've been ok . I 've resisted Bose because of the cost . Well , fer grins I tried some at a nearby retailer in a noisy store and it was like someone dropped the cone of silence around me . They took me to a different place that was very nice and oh so quiet . Bought them right away , took them on a flight and cursed myself for waiting so long . I 'll admit , I 'm a bit more sensitive to noise than others . But these reduced my stress level to such an extent that even the dog piddling on the kitchen floor does n't bother me anymore .
 * Original 2 star review directly below , revised 4 star review below the line * My dad is well-meaning . He remembered me mentioning I was looking for replacements for my Sony headphones and that I was a bit disappointed with the Sennheiser HD 497s I got -LRB- see my review by clicking on the link to all my reviews just above -RRB- . So he bought me a new pair as a birthday gift . Dad 's always going overboard on gifts , but these Bose QuietComfort 2s looked like a decent inexpensive little pair.I took them home to try them out , today in fact . They are relatively comfortable and appear sturdy . The cord is annoyingly short . The manual touts a `` noise-cancelling '' feature , which I 'm sure I 'd never notice , because , well , there 's no noise here . To that end , they actually REQUIRE batteries to operate at all , which is a first in wired headphones as far as I know.After getting everything plugged in and the `` volume '' set to `` LO '' I put in a familiar CD . The sound was disappointing , more so than even the Sennheisers . Very muddy , indistinct , `` phased , '' with a lack of clarity on transients and a very dry , acoustically dead sound . These have the amazing ability to make your glorious CDs sound like cassette tapes with too much Dolby Noise Reduction . It 's not even worth mentioning terms like `` soundstage , '' or `` spatial placement '' and such . I tried the `` HI '' setting and aside from being much more senstive -LRB- ridiculously so -RRB- , the sound appeared similar . `` Oh well , '' I thought , it 's the thought that counts , I 'll just tuck these away and keep searching for new headphones on my own . I decided to stop by Amazon to see what the going rate was on these , not because I wanted to sell them , but just out of curiosity . My stomach sank . I am horrified that these go for $ 300 ! Ugh . I mentioned dad goes overboard on the gift-giving , but $ 300 for about the worst audiophile-style -LRB- or audiophile PRICED , at least -RRB- headphones I 've ever heard is shocking and depressing . I was expecting $ 40 , like the Sennheiser HD 497s , maybe a little more because of the noise-blocking gimmick . : o -LRB- If I lived or worked on an airplane -LRB- okay , or travelled a lot -RRB- maybe the noise-cancelling feature would be a godsend . And CLEARLY I am not the target market for these things , so maybe my one star rating is n't entirely fair . I 'll raise it to two stars and give them a slight benefit of my doubt . For someone wanting to listen to detailed hi-fi -LRB- uncompressed -RRB- music in the home on a quality output , these headphones may just be the worst of all possible choices , considering the price . If you do n't have a very specific purpose in mind for these , I believe that you should browse right on past this Bose product . ****************************** Update
 I was very reluctant to shell out $ 300 bucks for these but I usually believe that you get what you pay for . I compaired the QC2 to the Sony MDR-NC50 and right away I knew that the Bose was the set for me . The main factor wans n't the sound , it was the comfort . The Bose has a deep ear well so your ear dose n't touch the inner well . The Sony 's have a more shallow ear well which touches your ear while the set is in place . Very annoying and VERY UNCOMFORTABLE ! The sound from the QC2 's is escellent . I also compaired the QC3 's -LRB- at the Bose store -RRB- and could also tell immediately that the QC3 's would irritate my ears as they are designed to sit on the ear . The bottom line is if you can afford the Bose you probably wo n't be disappointed . I think they are awesome ! ... . little pricey but awesome .
 These headphones are superior . I bought the 50-dollar JVC HANC100 Noise Cancelling Headphones , but compared to the Bose , it 's garbage . The only two things that the JVC has over the Bose is that it has a retractable headphone plug and the headphones fold nicely together to make it more compact and easy for travel . However , the Bose :1 . -RRB- Has excellent sound quality - the bass is very deep .2 . -RRB- Is comfortable -LRB- unlike the JVC which presses against your ears , whereas the Bose wraps around your entire ear -RRB- ... the other reviewers do not know what they 're talking about . . it 's not too much pressure at all .3 . -RRB- Has incomparable noise cancellation ... if you take these on the subway or on a flight , or if you have a loud air conditioner , these will take out those sounds ENTIRELY . Even if you 're near someone who snores loudly in his sleep , you can BARELY hear him/her .4 . -RRB- Is aesthetically pleasing to the eye.The only negative is its 300-dollar price tag . If you have the money and are the type of person who goes for QUALITY regardless of cost , GET THESE HEADPHONES .
 Although I understand most ca n't use these at work , but I need to tell you what a wonderful job these headphones do in noisy environments . I work in a very noisy office . 6 printers going at once , noisy tow-motors behind my wall , phones ringing everywhere . I wanted some `` peace and an answer for the madness ! '' . I was hesitant , $ 300 is pushing it for simple headphones , but these are not just headphones you can pickup at Wal-Mart . These are Bose , the ultimate experts when it comes to sound and technology . They do what they say they do , they block out the noise in your crazy world . If I had to rate it on a scale for the actual `` blocking '' I would say blockage is nearly 90 % and the stuff you can still hear is hardly audible . And when you throw in a little music , you do n't notice anything but soothing music to your ears . The music quality is the icing on the cake , as the base , treble is about as good as you can get , the sound is top of the line for headphones . Great for gamers too , if you got a system like XBOX , PS2 or what have you , do n't bother your neighbors or family , crank it up in these , and you wo n't be disappointed.I 've only had them for a few days now , so I ca n't tell you how rugged or long lasting they will last in terms of `` plastic wearing out '' or sound issues , but I do n't assume Bose would slack for that for one minute . As for comfort , they fix on my head nicely and they do n't `` smash your ears '' , they seem to be made for most everyone . If you have the money , want great sounding headphones , and want to block out the outside world , these headphones are for you without question . A definite good splurge.It includes a headphone adapter for larger headphone connections that can plug in to most receivers and the regular connection that will plug into regular CD players . And it has an extension cable so you have plenty of length too .
 I use these for blocking out noise at the office , and then take them home for gaming . They are very versatile and the sound quality is very good . They do a great job of blocking out external noise , that dog barking , that guy in the next cubical that has to yell into his phone , or that guy that has to smack his lips when he 's chewing gum . Sometimes its just enough to put them on , flip the power switch and relax , without actually hooking them up to listen to something . I am very comfortable wearing them from 8am to 5pm , while it would be nice if my ears had a little more ventilation , but that would defeat the purpose of the noise canceling .
 I first tried the Bose Quiet Comfort 2 headphones in a small , overcrowded Apple store . With so many people talking and ipods playing , you could barely hear yourself think . Then i tried on the headphones and everything literally went silent . I was so amazed , i was looking around and could n't hear any noise . That was with no music . Then i hooked it up to an ipod and it sounded perfectly crisp . They are literally the best out there , no question about it .
 I read some of the other reviews - I have no idea what they 're talking about - does n't even sound like the same magnificant piece of equipment I have . There 's no pressure on your ear drums that I can detect . I first put them on with an out of balance washing machine roaring , air-conditioning fan blowing non-stop and a irritating rattle on an the furnace door . . all GONE GONE GONE the moment I put the headphones on . Best of all , I thought I 'd broken them , called Bose and they had a replacement pair at my DOOR the VERY NEXT DAY with a postage paid box to return the pair I thought I 'd broken . Made a mistake , my pair were fine - they were nice as nice could be about my mistake . Friend tried them , he has two pair of noise cancelling headphones - his response , `` This is incredible . '' It overcame hurricane rain pounding on the car , windshield wipers , fan on full , radio blaring , rough road noise - No regrets about the $ 300 price - living in them at work at my desk . Not even hooked up to music . Quiet is just fine !
 I am overall very delighted . The headphones are sitting tight on the ears , are comfortable for hours , even if you wear glasses . The mentioned pressure is negligible and at least they produce a warm and pleasent sound . I listen mostly to classical music , so , I ca n't say much about other categories . With my Ipod they sound great , also with my PSP . I like the feature to disconnect the cords and have a cordless noise canceling device . I tested it in the parked car with the engine on and the A/C running on high . It is as advertised an oasis of silence . I compared them to my AKG HEARO 999 AUDIOSPHERE I , which was twice as much , and I like them more . They are well manufactured , there is no jiggle , and the carriage bag is very nice . Afterall , I do n't think they should be used on skateboards -LRB- for security reasons ! -RRB- , or in the gym , they are too expensive to risk a damage .
 Latest Update to my earlier review . -LRB- Sorry , I ca n't change the rating - I would love to give ZERO stars to this product -RRB- : Very honestly , I am really shocked to find so many good reviews about this product . I bought it with great expectations around three months ago and most of it is almost fully broken . I used it only in the office , that too sparingly . So , the wear and tear due to heavy and indiscriminate use is completely ruled out.The weakest part is the plastic enclosure that houses the movable headband . It has got screws on only one end and the other end which makes room for the headband movement , just breaks off . The plastic is so damn cheap that cracks are appearing all over the place.And this is not just my experience . I have heard similar reviews about from other sources as well.For this money , Bose could have made a more sturdy product.Also , I started developing a lot of pain in my ears after using this headphone and I have started suspecting the noise-cancelling technology - who knows what kind of easter eggs it comes with!Enthusiasts are strongly discouraged . After becoming a owner of Lifestyle 18 Home Theatre System as well as this headphone , I have decided to stay away from Bose products for ever . -------------------------------------------------------------------- WHAT I SAID EARLIER - BEFORE KNOWING THE REALITY
 I ordered the Bose , which I was skeptical of , due to high price for name brand , and I also got a pair of refurbished Sennheiser PXC 250 's . The Bose is absolutely silent with noise cancelling on , vs. the Sennheiser 's which emit a white noise hiss . The Bose cost 3 times as much , but I will keep them , and return the Sennheisers , which also do n't have the noise reduction stuff in the headphones , but in a seperate compartment . I 'm going on several very long flights .
 These earphones are fabulous ! For my , noisy enviroments are n't a problem anymore . Once you put them on , you are the only one in the room ! The earpieces are very comfortable .
 I am not normally a bose fan , but these headphones are excellent.to those who say that in-the-ear headphones -LRB- like the etymotic -RRB- block noise just as effectively
 EDIT
 I have owned a Bose QC2 for a couple of years and I can assure you that your money is well spent if you are a frequent long haul flyer . As a business traveller who takes more than 100 flights a year , I have tried various types of phones -LRB- noise cancel/regular type of various designs - over the ear , in-ear , behind the ear , etc. from Sony , JVC , Panasonic , Grado -RRB- and this one comes out winner hands down . If you are an audiophile and do not have requirements for noise cancellation , go for a Grado . But do n't leave home without a Bose QC2 if you are a road warrior.P.S . 1 -RRB- I find QC2 more comfortable than QC3 on long flights .2 -RRB- Most airlines now offer decent noise cancellation phones on business and first class , but they come with proprietary connectors ... so , if you want to listen to your own stuff , stick with the QC2 .
 When I began looking for headphones , I knew that i needed a closed system and a very comfortable pair . I was planning on using them for college which is on the east coast and i 'm on the west coast . Noise Cancelling or at least attenuation was important for the plane and doing homework . I would use them on the airplane , dorm , and generally everywhere . I looked at the Sennheiser hd 280 's , quiet comfort 2 's , triports , and a few random sony models . I found these headhphones to meet my needs .1 . These headphones are extremely comfortable . They just are . The pressure on my head is very slight . I can wear them much longer than my sennheiser pcx250 's .2 . The sound was good enough for me . People have cited too much bass , but because i am using iTunes and iPod
 I do a fair bit of travelling , and so I 've always been really jealous of those fellow passengers who pulled out Bose noice cancelling headphones ... Until now . I finally took the plunge , and although these are by no means cheap , they do not disappoint.Noise Cancelling
 Some of the reviews here are misleading and persuaded me to purchase the Sony MDR-NC50 . After receiving it , I asked a friend of mine who owns the Bose Noise QuiteComfor 2 to bring it over for a comparison . I was blown away by the difference.The BOSE is much lighter , more comfortable on the ears , has better noise cancellation , the sound is fantastic and far richer than the Sony . Additionally , the Sony packaging is crap . The BOSE protect the headphones better with a hard shell and at half the depth . The BOSE pouch is also better organized and has a place for business cards in case the unit is lost . A few minutes ago I returned my Sony and purchased the BOSE .
 these are simply the best pair of headphones i 've ever owned . the sound is incredible.my little rio mp3 player sounds better than i would have ever imagined through these suckers . i can hear little details in the music that i 've not heard on my klipsch set up , or in my car . and the bass is excellent . i tested the cheaper $ 150 pair of bose headphones -LRB- w/o noise cancelling -RRB- but i thought the sound was `` tinny '' and sub-par quality . the downside is i think i could get mugged and i 'd never hear the guy sneaking up on me . i ca n't even hear myself type this review . i ca n't hear the tv that is on in the same room . my flight is coming up , i 'm sure these will perform top notch.if you are in the market for a pair of noise cancelling headphones you should at least go test these out .
 These are amazing . Everything sounds so nice and quiet . However , the volume ca n't get very loud on these , so whatever you 're listening to sounds quiet too . But this is n't really a problem because it 's very very clear . Probably saves my ears . I got my father a set of these for fathers ' day and he complains that his ears are too big and the headphones feel slightly uncomfortable . But he has long ears , so I do n't think this would be a problem for most people . Some people complain about the pressure , and the first time I put these on I really hated it , but after that I barely even notice it . These are just great . If you want noise-cancelling , these are worth the money .
 I got my pair of Bose 2 's about a year ago . I am going to my local Bose store today to buy two more pair and iPods as gifts for some friends . I was checking online prices and stumbled into this page . I am surprised to hear concerns about sound quality and pressure on ears.The sound is phenomenal . When I listen to songs like Simon & Garfunkel 's `` Scarborough Fair '' I hear notes in the music that I never heard before . That is true for most of their older songs.I drive about 15,000 miles per year and fly about once a week . I actually use them in the car a lot , and play quieter music -- harp music like Hillary Stagg and other peaceful New Age stuff . I reach my destination refreshed . For me road rage has become a thing of the past , because I am content in the present moment , even in traffic jams . Some will recognize that sort of attitude is also attributable to buddhism.I also use them for meditation at home , with space music like John Serrie.They are a significant help in airplanes , but do n't expect them to remove all of the ambient noise . On commercial planes , because of the greater ambient noise , I play more intense music , such as the Theta meditation project , or for pleasure , Beatles , Kansas , Mannheim Steamroller , Moody Blues , etc. . On newer , quieter planes -LRB- i.e. private jets and AirBus planes -RRB- there is virtually no noise with the headphones , once you are at a cruising altitude , and everything sounds great.I love the bass , particularly in music where bass sounds are used effectively to accent the music , like David Arkenstone 's music . I have never thought of the bass sound as excessive . But maybe it 's because I do n't listen to hard rock . -LRB- FWIW , I 'm a part-time musician and have produced a new age album in L.A. yada yada , the point being that I have a bit of insight into music and psychoacoustics -RRB- . There is some pressure on my ears , but I never thought of it as a problem.Tom
 As Air Force One is known as the Flying White House , i 've got ta say , the QC2 is the flying sounddock ! I have both the sounddock and the QC2 's , and i keep my ipod going continuously , when i 'm home , it 's playing off the sounddock , when i 'm on the go , it 's playing through the QC2 . $ 600 well spent !
 I have owned Bose Quietcomfort 1 headphones for around 8 months now and I can just tell you one thing ... NOTHING NOTHING NOTHING -LRB- not even the bose triports like someone else says -RRB- sound like the Quietcomforts , and why is that ? Because the Quietcomforts 1 and 2 take you in to a world where you and your music or your movie are ALONE , something not even a huge hometheatre can do ! These headphones sound like a huge hometheater system . . deep bass , crystal clear sound , surround , they WILL amaze you ! If the Quietcomforts 1 make me tell you all this , then I wonder what the QC2s would do if I owned them . . they have even better sound performance . I really dont know what else to say besides you are getting super great comfort , top audio quality and just the greatest headset around . . you can try them for 30 days and return them if you do n't like them . . so go to a Bose Store and get them ! I am sure you wont return them ! I have enjoyed these to the max and I cant imagine living without them ...
 Love the headphones , came on time and in good condition as described . The only problem is that the ad said `` professionally refurbished '' and `` professionally repackaged '' when it was obvious that they are n't refurbished and they certainly were n't professionally repackaged . They 're still nice though and they sound great , beats paying for brand new ones from Bose .
 As usual , another quality Bose product , however it is tired and has been replaced by a newer version of this model which I understand is more effective at canceling out noises .
 As someone who travels alot and gets stuck next to crying babies , loud snoring , and incessant talking this product is great . Not good but great . Soon as you turn the button on the surround sound begins to quiet . Listen if you do n't believe me the next time you 're in an airport stop by the Bose booth and simply try the product . Then you can decide for yourself . However in my travels I can tell you this , when you look around an airplane full of travelers and see this product all around you , there must be a reason .
 I have had these headphones for a very long time . I disagree with many of the other reviews I have read here.While rating of sound quality is very subjective , I think these headphones sound great . I have tried many headphones and found the audio quality of these headphones to be very good.I strongly disagree with the other reviewers who imply that these headphones are not durable . I use these headphones every day in several `` active '' activities . This includes weight lifting and running . These headphone look and work perfect despite a few falls . The design of the headphone wire -LRB- with both the miniplug and headphone connection being removable -RRB- is excellent and has prevented damaging the wire when caught on something . I have broken several other brands of headphones in the past but these have lasted.I have tried several noise cancelling headphones and these outright work the best . By way of note , I am also a business traveller and used these on many , many plane flights.I was -LRB- am ? -RRB- an audiophile and agree that if you are listening to a high-end audio home audio system you may want a different headphones -LRB- which will be much more expensive -RRB- . In contrast , I like the majority of headphone users , use my headphones with portable music devices . I strongly suggest you test these headphonew with the exact source that you will be using . In my case I use the Bose QC2 with an Apple iPod . I listen to Rock , Classical , Jazz , Country , etc and found these to be suitable for all genres of music.Bose customer service if ever needed is top notch.The fit and finish of these headphones is excellent.I suggest that potential buyers consider reviews by people who have used these for awhile or better yet ask someone who owns them . I too , believed that $ 300 was very pricy . Only after purchasing them -LRB- on a trade-up form Bose triports -RRB- have I come to understand that they are worth the price.The best testimony is that you could not pry my QC2 away for anything . If they got stolen I would immediately purchase another set.Bottom line
 no other headphones compare . perfect for anyone who wants complete sound clarity and faithful sound transmission . the `` white noise '' function enables enjoyment of complete audial solitude , with or without music .
 I have owned the QC2s for over three years now . I use them infrequently ... a couple of times a week and the volume very loud . I can not express the perfection that these headphones provide . In every way , you should be very pleased . Musical heaven . Great purry base . The musicians are right in your ears and playing at their best . No problems what-so-ever with these Bose headphones . I love Bose and I love Sony . I am always willing to pay higher prices for the highest quality and value .
 my set of Bose QuietComfort 2 Noise cancelling headphones were purchased at a kiosk located in the heart of the Denver International Airport . i had heard of such noise cancel products and the use at the airport and on the flight were the perfect tests . this was over ten years ago the technology had only recently been made available to the public after years of perfection worn by pilots , maintenance workers and all who required phonic protection . The sound quality blew me away as i heard nuances in old familiar recordings i had never noticed and i could even run the vacuum cleaner without interference . The thing that really sold me was the genus of a design that allowed for the ease of replacement of the sound cord , the one part which always seemed to wear out or loss of signal because of weakened wiring , when meanwhile the speakers themselves are perfectly operational . Instead of losing an entire unit for replacement you can simply replace the cord . Perfection . Thank you
 I picked up a pair of these in the Philly airport in June before an international flight . For the first time , I could hear the in-flight movie without cranking the volume all the way up . Likewise , watching a movie on my laptop in-flight was a joy . I could actually hear the dialogue , in proper stereo , without my ears hurting afterwards . Even when not listening to programming , just using the noise cancelling feature on the plane was enjoyable . In the several times I 've flown since , I 've noticed how much more relaxed I am on the plane with the deep rumbling of the engine muted.In August , the left speaker developed a problem where it would over-cancel , resulting in scratchy noises about 30 minutes into using the headphones each time I turned them on.I called Bose . Despite finding no record of my purchase on file , they gave me an RMA for my headphones , and within 2 weeks sent me a BRAND NEW replacement pair with a 1-year warranty . -LRB- And let me tell you , those were a loooong two weeks . There were even times that I contemplated buying another pair at the local Bose store just to tide me over . Really . -RRB- I 'm using them now at my desk and they are fabulous . They greatly mute the traffic noise outside , as well as the general office sounds that I generally find disruptive . The music I 'm listening to sounds excellent , and they are comfortable enough that I can wear them for hours at a time .
 I transcribe for a living , and these headphones are better than Phillips and most of Sony 's line , though I have not tried them all . These headphones are comfortable , and damp down noise from air conditioners , servers , and computer fans very well . Very accurate as far as spoken conversation , these belong to my workplace though , so I never tried them with music . Battery life is better than the Phillips , and there is almost no feedback -LRB- the howling sound mentioned in other headphone 's reviews . -RRB- Negatives , they will not stand up to constant use . Work has to replace them periodically , as the headphones break off of the band . Not the highest quality construction , considering that they are $ 300 . For that price I would expect a little less plastic . While they block out ambient noise , they will not block out a nearby conversation.These are overall very good , and we fight over them at work . But the contruction could definitely be better , or the price lower for the quality of worksmanship .
 Naturally , just after I bought two Bose QC2 headphones they came out with QC3 , so I was pleased to read a review that QC2 was better . Although I have n't tested QC3 , I love the QC2 because it is comfortable around the ears and cancels out almost all the outside noise of airplane engines , etc. . In fact , without plugging it into a media source you can hear the outside noise ` hiss out ' as soon as you throw the little switch on ... amazing.I bought two so we could use them on plane trips for much better sound on inflight programs as well as watching movies on my laptop . A little plug in from Radio Shack allows two of the headphones to be plugged into the same ` headphone ' input with little or no loss in volume or quality that I could hear . But the difference was incredible compared to ` ordinary ' ear buds or airplane headphones ... so much so that it startles you when the flight attendant touches you to ask you what you would like to eat or drink.I have the Samsung Digimax i6 digital camera that I bought from Amazon -LRB- hard to find anywhere else -RRB- and loaded a pile of MP3 songs on the 1GB SD card I use for pictures and movies on it - and the music was incredible from this little source ! Even with both of us listening to it , using both Bose headphones .
 There seems to be some misunderstanding about these headphones , they will not block out the screaming kid behind you and they are not ment to do that . What they do , and do very well is substantially cut down the extremely loud engine noise etc. that you can not escape while on a plane while still enabling you to hear announcements from the flight attendants & pilot and also enable you to have a conversation with your traveling companion without having to remove them . I use them with my ipod and the movies on the plane and have found the sound quality to be very good . I find them to be very comfortable as your ears fit inside the headset vs. having a piece of foam sitting on your ear . I do n't even have to take my earrings off when I use them . I also keep them on during long overnight flights to guarantee that I will be able to sleep . Yes , they are pricey but if you travel a lot they more than make up for it . I have never experienced any of the pressure noticed by some other people but it seems like that would be a totally individual experience . If you travel a lot I highly recommend them . You do not realize until it is taken away how stressful all the engine noise from the airplane for several hours at a time really is . I find myself feeling better on arrival since getting these headphones .
 I 've used the Bose QC1s , and enjoyed the Noise Reduction technology - basically , the unit creates an inverse-phase signal of continuous low frequency sounds to block the original noise . -LRB- Bose has produced NR headphones used by pilots for many years . -RRB- This works very well on continuous noise sources like aircraft engines , for example , while still allowing you to converse with your flight partner and hear cabin safety announcements . Sound reproduction was pretty good , comfort excellent -LRB- over the ear , -RRB- but I did n't like the little volume control and battery box on the long tangley cable that got in the way.The QC2 is a marked improvement over the QC1 ! Better quality audio , less `` white noise , '' lighter , fold down smaller -LRB- greater portability , -RRB- the single AAA battery lasts much longer and fits in one headphone unit - the cable connects to the other . On long `` redeye '' flights , I just use the headphone unit in the NR mode , no cable at all . There is a two-position volume switch on the cable plug that connects at the headphone - a bit inconvenient , and quite small -LRB- on American Airlines J and F class , the cable is hardwired , switch in `` high '' position , so you can not turn the volume down to background - it just quits ! -RRB- The phone set comes in a handy protective semi-soft case with audio cable , extension , and adapters for different audio jacks.TO summarize
 I had dreaded the big price tag on these headphones for a long time . Thankfully my wife saw my suffering on trips and got them for me Christmas -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Update July 9 , 2008
 I bought these phones last year in Seattle airport on my way back to Brussels . When one frequently spends 8-12 hours on overnight flights , these Bose headphones are fantastic . The low frequency engine noise on aircraft is completely gone . I even keep them on sleeping and you feel much better when you get off the plane in Europe at 7am local time.Don ' t hesitate , buy them !
 I balked at the price for a long , long time as well , but I finally bought a pair about 15 months ago , after trying a couple of competive headphones that I thought sounded bad . I use them mainly for travelling . It 's amazing how fatiguing listening to the constant jet noise is -- cutting it out with these headphones really does help with fatigue . At home I 'm sometimes bothered by inconsiderate jerks who stamp past my bedroom window talking at the top of their lungs , and these headphones are a lifesaver on those nights.As I was debating whether to buy these , my boss told me that she had gone through the same process , but now that she had them she would pay the $ 300 again to replace them if she lost them . I feel the same way , which I think is a pretty good testament . -LRB- To the skateboarder below -- I think you must have had the original version , not the `` 2 '' , as the original version came with a cloth bag and the 2 comes with a semi-hard formed case . I do n't think either version is meant for skateboarding use , though . -RRB-
 I am extremely satisfied with my recent purchase of the Canon Telephoto Lens . The 5-year extended warranty was a nice added feature . The lens is factory new and of very high quality . Being an avid photographer I 'm delighted with the quality and resolution of the images . I continue to be impressed with my Amazon experience and appreciate the ease and conveience of shopping online .
 This is the first time I have purchased anything from Amazon . The complete experience was great . The product arrived as scheduled and was exactly as described on Amazon 's website . I would definitely purchase from Amazon again .
 This product has a great feel to it , a nice springiness , is easily washable , and keeps your keys clean to protect your investment - I highly recommend it !
 I 've had one of these before and wore it out . Bought a new computer and needed a fresh one . The are great . Takes a little getting used to , but has prevented so much dust , dirt and Diet Coke getting in my keyboard . Would n't do without one !
 The cover is pretty good though it makes it more difficult to see the keys
 I have the 17 '' 2.4 GHZ Core 2 Duo Macbook Pro , and when I bought my baby , I saw no reason not to purchase an iSkin for the keyboard . Let 's face it ! If you do n't have one of these for your Macbook Pro , you are a careless imbecile and deserve your laptop being fried , non-functional and NOT COVERED by the warranty . I put this thing on my Macbook Pro , and I love its frosty appearance , and the key symbols still show up great ! The typing is exquisite , and I type really hard . For those of us who are real typists , we rarely look at the keys anyway . I love touching it . I love the silk feeling under my fingertips , and I love the fact I can drink by my Macbook Pro and not risk one little drop of liquid frying the whole thing over time . If you do n't have one of these and you own a Macbook Pro , grab one today and save yourself some heart ache ! You may have already done your damage , and one day it just quits working . :-LRB- Hope that 's not true for you though . Protect your investment , my friends ! Trust me ! This one is a 5 star item ! Best cheapest thing an owner of a Macbook Pro can buy for his tasteful gizmo ! Bar none !
 I 've been using this cover for more than 4 years and it still looks like new , which means it is made of a very good quality material . It has protected my valuable MacBook Pro without any problems or accidents . Keyboard is nice and still looks and works like new . The material of this cover if kind of clear , so you barely notice that it is there , and it makes the keyboard keys even more silent . I would HIGLY recommend this item WITHOUT any doubt !
 I really love this protector , fits almost perfectly in my 15 ' 2008 macbook pro . I would love that the plastic was more transparent , but its ok . keyboard backlite works but not perfectly . I would buy anotherone if I lost it . A little expensive for the plastic they used , but I look a lot and I think its the best choice if you are looking in keboard protection .
 I was hesitant to buy this for my new MacBook Pro , but I 'm glad I did . I took a little getting used to , but it fits very well over the keys with minimal typing interference . It 's not completely transparent so it does cloud the key symbols a little bit , but not enough to make them unreadable in normal light or when the backlighting is on . I do n't have any problems with it sticking to the screen -LRB- I have the regular , not glossy screen -RRB- when the cover is closed . This is cheap insurance for your computer . Liquid spills into the keyboard of a laptop computer are a disaster . The repair will be very expensive and will not be covered under warranty .
 I love this product . I did n't have to type harder like the others said . This thing is thin , but durable . I just got it today , I might get another one for my other macbook pro .
 Love this key protector ! feels good when you type , saves the keyboard and that beast of a motherboard underneath . Only cons is it leaves a line across your screen from when you close the laptop but that line goes away when you clean your screen -LRB- correctly -RRB- . you can wash this thing when dirty and it looks brand new , thank you silicon . Another drawback to mine is that the sender placed it in an envelope funky so it will always have this flip thing going on in the bottom left corner . They should really send these things rolled up in a package .
 This takes a little while to settle on to the keyboard and work comfortably , but eventually it does .
 I damaged the keyboard of my last laptop with wet hands one day , so wanted to take special care of my new MBP keyboard . This skin fits PERFECTLY . I mean exactly , down to the little nubs on the F and J keys . The feel is like typing on velvet . It makes the slippery silver keys much less slippery . The clear cover means the keyboard light shines right through . The skin dampens the sound to nothing ; I can type in class without the person next to me hearing a thing . The skin is VERY thin . I 've had keyboard covers before that were always much thicker . This is just a super thin membrane . It feels very delicate , but I 've washed it a few times and it seems strong and sturdy . It does n't in any way interfere with the screen with the lid closed like some keyboard covers I 've had do -LRB- you got key imprints on the screen -RRB- . I only wish they had a true clear color . This is mostly clear , but it 's a little cloudy . Maybe that 's not possible with soft plastic . This is an excellent product overall . Well worth the money .
 This Keyboard protector is GREAT for protecting your keys . It actually feels really good to type with also . I would n't have any gripes about it if i did n't have cats . They cat hair that is floating around my house all the time gets immediately stuck to the protector and is difficult to get off unless you take it off and wash it . I 'd have to do that almost everyday if i wanted to keep it cat hair free ... Otherwise it 's great and i would highly recommend buying it .
 Good product . It 's easy to instal - you basically just set it over the keys . It stays in place , no problem and does n't go anywhere even when the computer is closed and in my bag traveling . It feels nice to type on and the backlight on the keys shows up just fine . I pull it off one or twice a month to clean in warm water and then dry it and put it back on . Very easy .
 nice one , just got it , need to see how it looks from now in a while . . but the most important thing its that its protecting the keyboard . Easy to get used to , looks nice on the macook .
 I picked up an iSkin for my MacBook Pro and I think it is great . It fits well and has a good feel about it . The keyboard backlighting is clearly visible under low light conditions . My only gripe is that it seems a little pricey for what it is . Still , I think it is a good investment for a laptop .
 This protector is excellent , still have it and is special for me . I like it a lot , and I recommend it .
 You can still see the lighted buttons and it prevents dirt and dust from getting inside the Mac . When it gets dirty or sticky I just wash it with soap and completely dry it then put it back on . Good investment for a $ 4,000 Laptop . YOU SHOULD BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 This little slipcover for my keyboard has saved the day for our family ! I feel safe leaving my 3 year old alone with his drinks watching my laptop now that he understands to keep the keyboard protector on . Really frees me up and helps me not worry about him ruining my computer so much anymore . It would be even better if the edges were sticky enough to hold the cover on more securely , but as is gives me much peace of mind . I think everyone should have one of these !
 Overall , I like the protector . Other people have said it protects the keyboard from spills . While I ca n't vouch for that particular capability , I do think it protects the keys from sticky fingers . I like how it feels over the keys , too . I definitely would recommend this product .
 This is a fantastic silicon key protector ... I will never fear spilling something on my keyboard again ... -LRB- happened once to an old pc laptop -RRB- . This arctic one has no lettering printed on it ... great as my macbook pro has lighted keys for night , and you can read the letters just fine through it . Nothing to wear off with time . I have them on all my macs . Washing this is a snap . Just fantastic .
 The protector does its job at protecting the keys from contamination and possible liquid spills . However , like other reviewers noted , the protector makes the letters and numbers harder to read , but not impossible . Some of the other skins available have the letters on the cover itself for easier viewing . That would have been a good option for this protector as well to eliminate the problem with seeing the keys . I have a 17 '' mac book pro and this skin fits the shape and size of all the keys better then a previous skin I had . I read the review that warned that this item does not fit the new 17 '' models . My computer is new and the skin fits it very good . -LRB- perhaps we are talking about a different model -RRB- It feels good to the touch and if you have the `` light '' up key option , it does show up good through the protector . I have considered returning it but probably will not as I type without looking at the keys .
 Great fit keeps crumbs and all debrie from entering into the keys of your keyboarddo n't leave your keyboards open for drinks , crumbs , etc. .
 I bought this mainly to protect my new laptop 's keyboard from all the dust and dirt . This product is a great solution . I also like how the silicon makes typing a lot more comfortable . I HIGHLY recommend this product for anyone who has a Mac Powerbook and wants to give it some added protection .
 This is one of those classically simple , elegant , useful products . It fits the Macbook keyboard perfectly , is transparent , easy to clean , and just sits there unobtrusively . Thank goodness for the Macbook 's lighted keyboard !
 have kids or big dogs with wagging tails ! Need I say more?I thought there might be some awkwardness when typing but this things fits better than a condom!Highly recommend !
 I 've used the iSkin keyboard protector on my TiBook for years , and now on my MacbookPro . It is the * first * item I buy for any new laptop . Protects the keyboard and laptop innards without impacting keyboard use in any way whatsoever . Buy one .
 Product was exactly what I expected and wanted.Order was correct and delivery from time of order was outstanding .
 I have on of these that I 've used on a Titanium PowerBook G4 for a years and I love it . I 've also used it on my MacBook Pro keyboard . It 's a perfect fit for the PowerBook , and nearly so for my MacBook Pro -- enough that I 'm looking to get a second one for that computer -- and the later Aluminum PowerBooks . It 's good for more than just keeping drinks out of your keyboard -LRB- although it did keep some water out of mine when a stewardess spilled some on a flight one time -RRB- . It keeps dust , dirt , food crumbs , and everything else out of there as well , and it protects the keys from wear . If you look at an unprotected laptop keyboard that 's used a lot , you 'll see that the keys get worn and shiny . That does n't happen with an iSkin in place.It 's soft , very flexible , and I 've never felt like it interfered with typing . As the other reviewer says , it 's not clear , but there 's a reason for that and it 's never bothered me . The underside is not sticky , it 's just very smooth . If the top were as smooth it would be clear , but I think it would also tend to feel sticky , and I 'm guessing that 's why they did n't design in that way . It 's made of silicon rubber , which is why it 's so flexible . In fact it feels almost delicate since it 's so thin , but it seems to be pretty durable if treated appropriately . It also cleans up easily with a very soft brush and some soapy water . I wash it from time to time to clean off all that dust that it 's keeping out of my keyboard . To dry it I just lay it inside a towel and press down all over . Much easier that cleaning a keyboard.Great little product .
 Great product . Definitely does not feel like it 's close to $ 30.00 product quality . It is a very simple and painless install . After the first installation is it apparent how much protection this little silicone thing offers ... a lot ! The only problem I have with it is that it does touch the screen after putting it on the keyboard . If your Pro touch is doing its job -LRB- collecting dust , crumbs , and oil from your fingers -RRB- residue from what it collects will get onto the display . My recommendation ? Buy it and take it off before you close the lid .
 I was a bit dubious when I bought this a few months ago -LRB- with my new MacBook Pro -RRB- ... would it work ? Would it be sticky ? Would it obstruct my typing ? Keep me from seeing the keys properly?But my paranoia and possibly slightly irrational obsession with my new computer convinced me to buy it anyway.At first , the skin did n't seem to fit perfectly ... I mean , it fit decently , but the return key would pop out once in a while , and that bothered me . It also bothered me that I felt like I was typing on something sticky all the time , and so I would take the skin off and wash it about once a day.But eventually , I started to get used to it . It does seem to mold to your keyboard by itself eventually -- now it 's a perfect fit on mine -- and I no longer feel the sticky sensation when I type , though whether that 's because I 'm used to it now or because I washed it wayyyy too many times , I ca n't say.I took the skin off to see what it felt like typing without it just now , and the keys felt so slippery ! I actually really prefer typing with the skin on , now ; I feel like I have a really good grip on the keys and can type fast without accidentally having my fingers slip and hit neighboring keys.Also , it goes without saying that this thing keeps all the dust and hair and gunk that you 'd normally collect under your keyboard - out - , which is why I bought it in the first place.Totally satisfied . Totally recommend it . : -RRB-
 Very useful if you like snacking or useing your computer in very dangerous conditions . If you have ever lost a apple notebook to water damage to the keyboard this is well worth it . Only gripe I have is that it attracts dust and hair very easily , and it seems to `` stick '' to the cover , but it is easily cleaned . I would rate it a 4.5 for only that minor hassle .
 Exactly one year ago I had a little accident with a spilled beverage and my then Powerbook G4 Titanium -LRB- and it cost me about $ 1300 to rewire the entire laptop after the hard drive crashed from the spill -RRB- . Let 's just say I bought this ProTouch keyboard protector for the Macbook Pro solely out of past experience . Like some reviewers have mentioned , the protector itself moves about and does n't exactly suction to the edges of the keyboard , but overall it allows an almost similar typing experience sans the cover and the fact it 's washable is pretty great -LRB- even though I 've done so and it 's almost impossible to dry it all without visible droplets ... I recommend you only wash the top side and avoid getting water underneath -RRB- . Overall , if you want to protect such a costly expense I highly recommend purchasing ANY keyboard cover . Trust me , I know ... boy , do I know !
 I like the look of my MacBook Pro , and so I keep it -LRB- fairly -RRB- clean and am very careful with it . However , the keyboard is one of those problem areas that is hard to clean , particularly on a notebook computer.I looked at several more intrusive -LRB- adhesive -RRB- scratch-resistant solutions , but I found the ProTouch to be the best option for me . Because my main focus was keeping the system clean , I wanted to be able to remove it , clean it off , and put it back on , while knowing that whatever dust , gunk , etc. , it was collecting was n't getting into my keys.The ProTouch works fabulously for this purpose . The silicone is not QUITE transparent , but does a pretty good job of letting the MacBook Pro 's color shine through . Some reviewers have complained that the MBP 's keyboard is difficult to see with the cover on in some conditions . I have no such problems , at least as far as the ProTouch is concerned . The MBP 's keyboard , because its keys are designed to allow light through , will be hard to see in low-light conditions -- this is unavoidable , and not really a fault of the cover.Remember to clean it regularly , though , or oils and such from the ProTouch CAN transfer to the screen . It 's reversible with a good cleaning for the monitor , but still disappointing .
 Good product , delivered fast and efficiently.My 2006 MBP had a ` soft ' keyboard , I 've used 3 of them , roughly a new one each year until I discovered these keyboard protectors!This keyboard protector is great as it not only ` saves ' the keyboard but also provides a softer area when the case is closed thus the keys do n't touch/scratch the screen - not sure if they would without this protector , but on a previous MB contact was made , so am glad to avoid any chance of it happening .
 Fit perfectly , starts to mold to buttons after some use , prevents misc . things falling into the crevices of your keyboard and keeps it clean.Nothing really bad to say about it . It 's beautiful in its simplicity .
 How good looking and how thin , it can stay in the laptop when you finish working on the Apple.Also hard to buy if you are ordering it in the Netherlands.Amazon.com blocked the buy and didn ' make clear why I could n't order it from the Netherlands!Maybe one day I will receive an answer ?
 It does not fit perfectly , but good enough . I thought , over time , it would form fit over the keyboard but it still has a couple areas that wrinkle . Offers the protection for my keyboard I was looking for . I 'd recommend this .
 I like the ProTouch Keyboard Cover . For the money , it was a good investment . There are several covers out there that may be better , but this was a cost effective option until I can find a better cover . As others have stated , it takes a little getting used to as far as typing with the cover goes , but I 'm sure that any cover will have this . It sits pretty well on the keyboard without moving . I live with four Australian Shepherds , and did not realize the amount of dust and hair that lands on the keyboard until I got this cover for my new MacBook Pro . Makes me wonder what is in the keyboard of my old iBook.The only thing that is missing from this cover is something that protects the palm rests . I will be looking for this in the next cover that I get .
 This product holds its end of the bargain . I could believe in just a week time of using my laptop the stuff that could have fell in my keyboard . Great investment
 I really love it . I think it 's comfortable enough to type on this keyboard protector . Even if you might not see the keys clearly , the light of keyboard will help you . It fits perfectly with my macbook pro 15 '' . One thing , the surface of keyboard will get higher , so it might affect the monitor when you close the it . However , I 'm gon na take it off before closing monitor anyway .
 Got these to put in my camper , great for a low watt system . I am surprised at the bass response in these little speakers . I would n't put them in a high power system -LRB- they are rated at 75 watt -RRB- but for a low watt system they sound very good and look great too .
 For about $ 21 after shipping , these seem very hard to beat . While they are not meant for high powered systems , they are just are fine for low-to-moderate level listening . As the other reviewers here have noted , the bass response is quite surprising for a cheap 6.5-inch speaker . Do n't be ridiculous and expect a sub-woofer out of them , but if you are looking for a good low-priced speaker that does n't roll off too terribly in the 100hz frequency region , these are great . In this department , they flat-out destroy the old Sony XS-211S speakers that they replaced in my vehicle.As for the treble response , I found the the speakers to be clean and without harsh peaks , but also a bit soft in the high treble frequency region . It 's nothing I ca n't live with , but this is one of those times I wish my stereo had a decent treble control/EQ , as a 3-4 db increase in the 12-15khz range would help things here -LRB- I also should note that my car stereo is n't the best in terms of frequency response either , but I still noticed it regardless , because I tested the speakers first on my home system -RRB- . I suppose cheap add-on tweeters are an option to correct things here ... but I do n't think any of this is significant enough of a problem to be worth the effort.In summary , these are an excellent deal for the price . As always , I encourage people to first listen to these and a variety of other speakers in a store that allows for such , but if you ca n't , these are certainly worth a leap of faith in my opinion . I 'm quite happy with my purchase .
 I bought these speakers when I got my '93 Saturn SL2 . After seventeen years , the original speakers were blown . I needed some good tunes for my daily 40-mile each-way commute . First , I replaced the stereo head unit with a Pioneer DEH-11E , a 200W-peak unit -LRB- the stock FM radio with blown speakers sounded awful -RRB- . Then I replaced the speakers with these . They sound great , and they carry bass , mids , and treble tones very well . However , while they claim to handle up to 75W each -LRB- 300W with all four speakers -RRB- , they distort slightly under the stress of volume levels above 90 % on the 200W -LRB- 50W each speaker -RRB- Pioneer.Still , this is nothing to complain about if they 're only being used for replacing bad OEM speakers . They work nicely with my mid-level stereo , and I am fully confident that if they were hooked to a stock unit , they would more than carry their weight . In my case , Saturns have relatively high levels of road noise and rattling ; I 'm able to compensate for most of the road noise by cranking up the mids on the equalizer . And in the small cabin of a compact car , I ca n't really turn it up to full power without getting a headache ... They fit nicely into the 6.75 ' stock speaker spaces of my Saturn , no modifications were required . One final note
 These were cheap and effective , they sound great considering that they are driven by a the original OEM radio/deck . Other speakers for the same price do n't compare , and were returned , they ca n't hold up the bass parts as well as these .
 Another reviewer reported how the system gave increased depth perception on the DVD 's viewed , but not pop-out-at-you 3D . This will be true of many of the DVD 's made available for these systems , mainly because many of the movies chosen to be converted to 3D were n't filmed that way to begin with . So no effort was made during filming to have images come `` straight out of the screen '' -LRB- although for THE LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS the DVD producers actually added scenery a couple of times -- to the 3D version only -- to stand out in the foreground -RRB- . HOWEVER , if you view a film that WAS made specifically in 3D , you get a different result . ENCOUNTER IN THE THIRD DIMENSION , for instance , has some quite spectacular 3D effects that jump right out of the screen and practically into your lap . I saw 3D previews on another DVD for movies made specifically in 3D that also had the desired effect.I was very impressed , in fact , with how well the 3D looked in those instances . I found myself a couple of times trying to grab objects that seemed to float right in my face . I even said `` Wow '' a couple of times.I 'm now very excited about surfing the net and finding DVD 's in 3D that use the field-sequential process , particularly movies that were made in 3D to begin with . I 've already purchased JAWS 3D and FRIDAY THE 13TH , PART III IN 3D , and in each case the 3D looks as good as I recall it from seeing them in the theaters.Is the system perfect ? No . You do notice flicker , which can be annoying at first , but after a while you just start ignoring it . And depending on the length of the movie , you may find the need to pause it to rest your eyes once or twice or more -LRB- but hey , you get that in theaters , too ; only there you ca n't hit a pause button ! -RRB- . But other than that , it 's a great system . Well worth the $ 19.99 I spent .
 I recently bought a Black 5th Generation -LRB- Video -RRB- iPod and I too had read the nightmarish reports of how easily the black iPod in particular seems to scratch . I immediately bought a case to use with my iPod and I was disappointed when even slipping my iPod in and out of it 's cushioned case seemed to cause minor blemishes . -LRB- Apparently the stitching inside the case was enough to start to scratch . -RRB- Desperate for a way to protect my investment i found the Crystal Film and could n't be happier . It was a little tricky to apply , but after slowly and gently applying the film and using a credit card to squeeze all the air bubbles out I got a perfect fit . You need to thoroughly clean the iPod before you apply it to remove any scratches you can as well as remove any debris that may be on the iPod . Once properly applied you ca n't even tell it 's there . I 've been now using my iPod -LRB- sometimes without a case -RRB- for several weeks and have not noticed a single scratch . As far as I 'm concerned , the film is going to stay on my iPod as long as I own it . At first I was a little miffed by the price , but after you 've paid several hundred dollars for your iPod , what 's another few to make sure it stays looking good as new ?
 For the most part its a very helpful product . It really is thick enough to protect it from scratches , dust and so forth but not thick enough that it stands out in some way . Like some other reviewer said , using a credit card helps place it on there fairly well without bubles for the top half , while the bottom half is bit harder . Sticks on pretty well without leaving any sticky residue on the ipod and film doesnt really come off easly for those of you who dont use a case whatsoever . The downside of this is the price although you can save some money by buying it from the other sellers for 0.01 like I did . Of course the shipping is 5 dollars , so the total comes to 5 bucks . The other downside is that it only includes one . Hope that helps .
 I ordered this soon after getting my 5g black ipod . I had it applied in not time and absolutely love it . There are only a few very small problems I noticed . One is with the click wheel cover
 I bought my ipod in early January and was looking for a suitable case . I 've seen people having massive protective case , that not only takes away the beauty and the slimness of the ipod , but also makes the ipod sticky as a result of the case material . I did n't want anything chunky , and that 's when I saw this brilliant product . It seemed at first to be a little too pricy for just a scratch-proof film , but this product really does n't fail you . I recommend people to get ipod video in general , too but also would definitely recommend to get this if you want to maintain the looks of the ipod - especially when the screen is so important ! It is definitely worth it - does n't make the ipod sticky like other similar products . This is super-decent . Just make sure you wipe the ipod clean of finger prints and dust before you stick it on - though it comes off smoothly if you follow the instructions . I 've done that and it does n't leave any messy marks . JUST GO FOR IT !!!!!!
 Completely satisfied ! I have used Power Supports Film sets before for a iPod 3rd gen and it did the job wonderfully . When i received my iPod 5g i immediately applied this film and never even touched the click wheel . Completely assured that this will keep my iPod completely clean !
 This was my second set purchased . The first set has lasted two years but the back protector is starting to peel away . The front is still on quite securely . I travel a lot for my job and I toss my 30gb ipod in my bag without any fear of damage to the screen or the glossy black front . This is a really great product and I highly recommend it .
 I recommend everyone with a video iPod buy this . It is excellent for protecting the screen , as well as the overall finish on the iPod . This is cheap insurance for a very pricey product .
 THis is the best protection for yout ipod . it really protects the screen against any scratch while maintining the cool look that Ipod has
 The best product I have ever bought for my iPod , make sure your iPod is already scratch and lint free before applying though !
 this product is great . protects the ipod like armour against scratches without being some bulky case . keeps my ipod sleek and clean , like new .
 I recently bought two of these , one for my son 's year old 30G Ipod and one for my yet to arrive 80G Ipod . It is very easy to apply and made my son 's Ipod look like new ! You hardly even know it 's applied to the Ipod . Mine will be applied right out of the box and will keep it like new for a long time . Come on , $ 10 to protect a $ 300 - $ 350 investment , a no brainer ! I also purchased the new Speck Flip-Skin case for added protection .
 I ordered this product from another reseller -LRB- not J&R ;-RRB- , who is no longer listed as a seller of the product . At the time , there was no picture with the listing . The product shipped to me was not from Powersupport and I had to return it.The Crystal Film product works extremely well . It 's thicker than similar products . This means it offers superior protection to your iPod . It does not leave bubbles when applied correctly . There is no adhesive , so there 's no residue on your iPod . If the film itself becomes scratched or worn , you can remove and apply a new one , but I 've had mine for over a year and do not feel the need to replace it yet.Just make sure you 're getting the right product - there are many similar items being sold .
 I had been using an iSkin Evo3 silicon jacket with my 60 GB vPod , but I never liked it because it completely changed the look of the iPod , but even more so because it made my vPod humungous . I finally decided to try the crystal film set -LRB- I bought it at the local Apple Store - there it cost $ 15 + tax -RRB- and I 'm really , really happy I tried it . It is not completely trivial to install , but unlike a somewhat similar sticker type product I tried in the past , I was in fact able to do it and , moreover , it was n't that hard to get absolutely all of the bubbles and dust out , making it look pretty much perfect . No , it does n't cover the sides of the iPod , but to my mind that is n't a big deal . Where you are most going to notice scratches are the front and back faces , and those are covered by the film . The end result is your iPod still looks fantastic -LRB- and looks like an iPod -RRB- and yet I can put it in my pocket without worry . I feel like I got my iPod back again . Highly , highly recommended .
 This item is excellent for the first layer of protection for your video iPod . As the description says , this is not a sticker with adhesive on it , but a `` static cling polymer plastic '' , which is very easy to put on and reposition.The front cover covers the click wheel and most of the face , leaving very little open to scratches . The back cover covers most of the flat section , but does n't extend to the curved section . Mine is going inside of a Speck Products iPod Video ToughSkin , so no worries there.On a side note , beware of the `` More Buying Choices '' sellers who are offering the `` same '' product at $ 0.01 . I purchased one of these first and got a similar , but much inferior product . It had the same dimensions as the Powersupport product , but it was a sticker and was very hard to apply . It was very prone to have air bubbles that I could n't rub out . Do not buy the $ 0.01 product and expect to get the Powersupport XA-01 Crystal Film.Enjoy your well-protected iPod .
 I use this amp to power 4 speakers for my 3 training rooms . It works great and the auto power is nice to save energy when it 's not in use !
 For what it costs , it 's a great little secondary setup . I chose to route line-level signals throughout my house instead of using a central amp . I use these for places like the garage , the patio , and the bathroom where I do n't need big power or surround-sound . The patio amp in particular has many hundreds of trouble-free hours on it.I 'd certainly buy one again if one of the three I have were to fail .
 Simply awesomr for settimg up my home thraeter from 5.1 to 7.1 driving Sony 7000 series 4-way towers !! I could ` nt be happier with this amp , and i love the automatic power saving feature !! buy it ...
 I liked the power rating and that it will turn on passively with an analog input -LRB- such as the stereo out from a flat screen TV -RRB- . Shipment was lightening fast and packaging was top notch.Amazon has -LRB- d -RRB- it on sale for 80 bucks , so jumped on it . While the sound is tolerable it does n't fit in with the quality of the rest of the system . So this will be relegated to anotherroom and I 'll go for the Crown Amp like I should have in the first place .
 I was looking for a specific solution for my outdoor speaker needs ; I wanted to run my outdoor Yamaha speakers in mono mode as they were situated in different areas of the backyard and stereo would not have worked very well . After a bit of online research I came upon AudioSource Amps . At first glance the entry level 100 appeared rather basic but I did n't need an additional receiver or a powerhouse amp -LRB- it 's just for background music -RRB- so it seemed to be the right solution . I read numerous other reviews that indicated I was on the right track.Amazon shipped quickly and I was self installing . The printed manual was n't crystal clear - to me at least - and as I did n't want to blow my speakers due to miswiring I called in to the free support line . I was quickly connected to a live person -LRB- who was n't located on the other side of the world -RRB- who confimed that I was wiring correctly for a mono application and the rest of it was easy.I 'm very pleased with the 100 ; I only run it at 1/4 volume and that 's plenty for outside listening . Any more and conversation would be difficult and the neighbors might start to get annoyed . It 's turned out to be an affordable , simple solution for me .
 If you 've been looking for an in-expensive , nice quality , flexible amp , the Amp-100 is the Amp for you ! I 've been an audiophile for over 30 years and I am totally pleased with my two Amp-100s strapped mono -LRB- one amp left channel , one amp right channel -RRB- . Before I setup these two amps , I decided to test one in Stereo mode . I was really surprised to find this amp performing at such a high quality output ! In both Stereo and Mono modes , it maintains a flat frequency response , it is very noiseless and has plenty of power on tap!I have n't had difficulties with the auto on/off like others have claimed here . Read the book folks!I 'm running a serious high end DAC on this system , and these amps do not detract from the high quality sound at all . Considering this ; The Amp 100 is one heck of a bargain for anyone !
 First , let me begin by further defining the title of this rating . It truly is the perfect amp for a pair of speakers , `` somewhere . '' Be it your desk , your patio , your hot-tub or your den , it will provide far , far more performance and quality of sound than any receiver or amp within it 's price range and above.The Audiosource website does n't specify it , but I invalidated my warranty and looked inside and it DOES have a toroidal power supply , and is built with a very simple and direct approach . I am not an audiophile , but , hey the circuit boards looked uncluttered and as direct/simple as I 've seen in audiophile equipment photos on the net . Plus it sounds amazing.If you are holding back from purchasing the Amp One-A due to its price and are looking for an amp to power a pair of bookshelf speakers or zone speakers , I recommend this model .
 I Like it alot ! I bought it for what it is . A nice & compact Amp with minimal features . I have a very elaborate Home Theater in my Living room . But , I also enjoy TV , Music & DVDs in my bedroom . A stand alone TV has horrible sound to me . I ca n't enjoy movies or TV that way . I use an oldie but a goodie 27 '' RCA Home Theater Series tube TV in my bedroom . The Picture still looks Great & it has a bunch of stereo inputs & a steady stereo output . I added a Yamaha DV-S5750 DVD/CD Multi Format player , A set of Yamaha NS-A635A Loud Speakers with a passive -LRB- non amplified -RRB- Subwoofer enclosure -LRB- 10 '' Yamaha Driver -RRB- The subwoofer has a built in crossover circuit to give me the correct impedance -LRB- 8 ohms -RRB- for the amp -LRB- Crucial to proper operation & protection of the Amp & speakers -RRB- . Anyway , The 3 speaker configuration including the Amp , DVD , TV & a good set Monster stereo & speaker cables , Make up nice sounding & enjoyable mini system in my bedroom . Note *** I use the Line 2 inputs to correct the aformentioned problem of the auto switch off when line signal is low . -LRB- Folks with the `` auto switching the sound off '' annoyance , need to do this . It 's listed in the instruction manual , but not too clear . It explains the pass thru input briefly -RRB- Input 2 allows the unit to have a steady line in signal -LRB- I 'm using the TV as a pre-amp . -RRB- * Just a note * non-amplified input sources do not supply a steady line in signal . I also use another 1 in my Home Theater -LRB- Mono Block config . -RRB- just for some rear center channel power . I recommend grabbing some of these . Application configuration is limitless . I rate ***** 5 stars for price to quality & variable application configuration .
 I bought this item not long ago . It fills the bill nicely for what I wanted . It is a basic audio power amplifier . It is soundly made , low noise , reasonably powerful and nice looking . I use it for my home entertainment center as my main stereo amp . I drive it through a preamplifier to control volume and frequency equalization as the amp has none of that , only volume and balance . my house is small , but the room is fairly open . We listen to music and we use it to channel the sound from our movie collection . It gives more than adequate volume through a couple of Sony 40 watt speakers , leaving plenty of headroom . I do not believe in blowing my ears out , but sometimes I like a little elevation for certain things and this system has it , especially coupled with a powered subwoofer . I 've had no problems , no annoying quirks , just sound performance . I recommend it for home applications . Some may have mentioned it running hot , I have not found that to be so , but they may run much higher average levels to drive larger speakers or fill a much larger space . Mine runs just a little warm .
 I had an audiophile 12 '' Mirage subwoofer that had an internal amplifier that broke . Cost to repair was over $ 300 bucks . The subwoofer is very good quality that is hard to come by these days - I opted to keep it . I decided to take a chance on using the Audiosource AMP-100 to power the sub . The Audiosoucre amp is much cleaner power then the cheaper Amazon sub amps you find online that also require modifying the sub enclosure . I ended up bridging the amp -LRB- 150 watts at 8 ohms -RRB- and using the internal crossover output signal from my Yamaha Receiver . The sub is not quite as loud as the factory 450 watt version ; However , the Audiosource AMP-100 rocks out with a clarity that the other unit did not provide . The amp will shake the windows and bother my neighbors :-RRB- I never have the amplifier turned up past 75 % of the total volume -LRB- to loud at that point -RRB- . For less then $ 75 bucks I ended up with a clear Audiophile-grade subwoofer with plenty of power . You can not go wrong with this amplifier . Best of luck !
 Nice sound , I am using this amp to drive a couple of small bookshelf speakers and a subwoofer with the signal coming from an android tablet for streaming music . I am mounting all of this inside an old Philco cabinet for a retro looking living room stereo . This unit does everything I need it to for a reasonable price .
 I 've owned one of these amps now for about six months . All the complaints I 've read in the reviews have come from people who obviously ca n't be bothered to read , pay attention , or think things through . I 'm specifically referring to Auto Input Switching/Power , lack of features , and output power.First , this is NOT an integrated amp . Nor is it designed to be used primarily as a standalone system . It is intended to be used as a node on a distributed music system . The feature set for this unit has this use in mind.It can function as a standalone unit but if you are going to use it as such you need to use it with a pre-amp or with an input source that provides adequate line in , input selection and the tone/equalization control you want.Second , the auto input switching . The manual is n't clear on this and the feature ca n't be switched off , which is why I docked it a star . But some reading and thought will provide the solution . The auto input feature is only on input 1 . If you run your primary input to input 2 you will have no problem with auto switching cutting off your music during quiet passages or after the track has started . If you need to use multiple sources without the auto switch cutting the input then you need to use external input switching -LRB- see pre-amp above -RRB- and make sure the switch/pre-amp is fed to input 2 on the amp.Auto-power on issues
 I had the reported switching problem -LRB- `` UPDATE
 My stereo configuration is four KLH outdoor `` rock '' -LRB- they look like pieces of granite -RRB- speakers , an IPOD , and a ten-inch deep book shelf that I wanted to use as the location for the amplifier . I looked at Fry 's , Best Buy , and Circuit City and could n't find anything that was compact enough to fit on the bookshelf unless I went really high-end with a Bose setup . I had a spare Sony surround receiver that worked fine , except that it did n't fit the shelf , plus I was n't really looking for all the bells and whistles of the receiver because I wo n't be using this setup to watch TV , my CD 's are all on iTunes now , and I get crummy radio reception at my house . So , the technical requirements were to be able to drive the four speakers using a line-in level input coming from the IPOD . Pretty simple.Anyhow , I purchased the Audiosource AMP100 amplifier on Amazon -LRB- to my consternation they dropped the price 3 bucks between the time I placed the order and when I received it -RRB- and it arrived in about a week using the free shipping option . It came well packed and sealed , and was as simple to set up as you 'd expect of a unit like this . So far , I have tested it once and it worked fine , in fact it sounded a little better than the Sony . All four speakers were being driven normally in A+B mode . I have n't tested the auto-on feature , but it allows the box to power up automatically when it senses a signal on one of two audio inputs . The power plug on the back of the unit is unswitched -LRB- always powered -RRB- . If I have any problems with the unit I 'll update this post , but so far , so good .
 My feature-laden Yamaha RX-577 receiver/amp finally gave up after 11 years of service , and since we now live in the country with little or no radio reception , I looked for a simple amplifier , with simple controls and adequate capacity -LRB- hint on the meaning of `` adequate '' - I am no longer 19 -RRB- . This amp is an understated black box , with basic minimalist styling and simple controls that adjust balance and volume , and speaker outputs to A and B . It does a fine job on my average home stereo system . I concur with other reviewers that the silly feature of automatically turning itself to a stand-by state when no input signal is present is essentially useless on any kind of music other than the constant drone of Scottish bagpipes or techno . Between tracks of a CD , or even in silent pauses in music , it dutifully and maddeningly turns itself `` off '' , and then , oops ! - back on again when the music resumes - after missing a few measures , of course . Happily this feature is only present on line 1 of the system . If you use line 2 as your primary source , it overrides line 1 . As an engineer , I find this logic perplexing . Since when should a secondary line signal override the primary signal ? Who thought of that ? Anyway , this is the only fix that I know of to stop the automatic stand-by feature , and it does work.Beyond that user-correctable deficiency , if you do n't need 110 + db sound anymore -LRB- or never did -RRB- , this amp is a highly suitable piece of equipment that appears well built , is simple to use and understand , and simple to hook up . It is relatively heavy for its size , and like watermelons , heaviness potentially equals quality , especially with things that supply power.I am overall quite satisfied with this amp .
 UPDATE
 I am giving this product a 5 star rating , even though I am waiting for tech support to get back to me on one issue . At least they have tech support , and they are very knowledgable and helpful.I bought 2 of these amps to power 4 sets of AudioSource in wall speakers I have installed . I have one pair in each of 4 bedrooms -LRB- the review I wrote on the speakers is also on Amazon -RRB- . These amps are connected to my Yamaha 5890 receiver which is capable of driving 3 different zones using 3 different inputs , which is cool , but totally overkill for me.When I activate Zone 2 or Zone 3 from the receiver , the AudioSource amps kick on automatically , a great feature . At first , I was having a lot of distortion in the speakers though . I called tech support , and they told me to reset the jumpers in my Russound in-wall volume controls , to allow the amp to push more power to the speakers at 8 ohms . Apparently the volume controls were cutting the resistance to 2 ohms , and the amps dont like that.Well , I made that adjustment , and voila . The music comes through clean and clear . Not deafening , but certainly loud enough to enjoy in the bedrooms . Thus far they perform admirably , and I found no other products that match their functionality , let alone value.But more than that 5 STARS FOR REAL TECH SUPPORT !!! They even called me back to talk , and were familiar with my volume controls and walked me thru the process . I know just enough to be dangerous , and the tech I spoke with was top notch . You just dont get enough of that these days , and I hope AudioSource keeps such a wonderful feature and resource , its truely a differentiator in today 's market . Real people , with real answers , imagine that .
 I realy could n't go wrong with this one . At under $ 100 with free shipping and Amazons return policy ... I got one just to test it out . I sent the first one back because it made my speakers squeal when I turned the amp on . Audiosource said it may be a problem when bridging 4ohm speakers . It was a problem with 4ohm , 8ohm , bridged or stereo . Anyway , the second one was fine . This amp does n't have much power , so do n't expect to run much of a subwoofer with it . It will power a sub , but when pushed , it may dammage your speakers , so keep your hand on the volume control when testing . You 'll know when to turn it down ... trust me . This amp is great for versitillity . With two speaker sets and the ability to run one set at 4ohm or 2 sets at 8ohm . Or if your like me , bridge A and B. I use a 4ohm butkicker for quiet nightime listening on speaker A or hit speaker B for a 4ohm 12 '' Sony explode subwoofer . -LRB- Run 2 4ohm speaker at the same time bridged at your own risk ! -RRB- This , I set up for my son 's xbox360 as a perfect solution so I do n't hear guns and bombs going off all night long . Bottom line is , for the price , it 's great . I plan on taking it outside this summer to hook up to speakers on a gazebo . It 's light enough to to carry around . It 's a snap to connect . Just connect an mp3 player with a small headset to rca adapter and I 'm done . Bannana connections are always a plus as well . A small complaint i have is the auto signal detector . It does n't work at low volume . This is a bit annoying if you want good sound quality when somebody is sleeping in the next room . I 'm being way to picky here . I just set it to manual . God forbid I have to push an extra button . If this thing breaks , I wo n't get to excited . Under $ 100 delivered ! Amazon realy takes care of customers who buy damaged stuff `` shipped and sold from Amazon '' . They do n't pad their shipping items very well though ...
 The reason I bought this amp was similar to another customer - I wanted something to use with my iPod so I could hook up speakers of my choosing . I did n't want/need a big-bucks home theater receiver with all the gizmos . The amp works a treat , it is solidly built and very low profile - fits in a small cabinet . Interestingly enough , I had the exact same problem with the amp switching - you actually hear it switch over if you have any silent phases in a song playing on the iPod ... was bugging me till I read the other customer 's review ... simply changed the input from Line 1 to Line 2 - works a treat now .
 I think Kluutmahn `` Audio Pragmatist '' goes into great detail about this amp . I second his thoughts , and here are a few of my own.I own 3 of these amps . I 've owned them for about a year and a half . I did n't buy them here but would n't hesitate , the price here is the best i 've seen . I do n't have multiple inputs , i only have my computer running into them . I have an 8in/8out audio card . So i have 1 set of outs going to the first amp which is daisy-chained with the second amp using the output of amp 1 to input 2 of amp 2 . I have the 3rd amp -LRB- for speakers at my bed -RRB- on a second set of outputs of my audio card.All of my sound producing equipment -LRB- TVs , Computers , Record Player , DVD , Mutitrack , etc. . . -RRB- are all run into my audio card on my primary computer . All the switching between audio sources is done on the computer . The Audiosource amps receive the output from the computer.I use input 2 for the auto power off feature , which is the reason i chose this amp . Auto power off works great . Once in a great while i 'll run across something that is very quiet and wo n't trigger the amps to turn on , but that is very rare . Normal audio will trigger the amp in a second or two . Before i bought these amps i was concerned that the amps might switch on switch off -LRB- quick switching -RRB- during quiet passages of a song but that is not the case . It does n't switch immediately off . I 'm not sure how long it takes for it to decide to switch off but i 'm guessing at least 30 seconds or a minute -LRB- maybe when i get home tonight i 'll time it -RRB- . As for the volume and bass , i have 16 Polk audio Monitor30 series speakers distributed throughout my small apartment . 8 speakers on each amp -LRB- series/parallel -RRB- , except the third amp is only powering 2 JBL speakers . I do n't have all these speakers to play it loud , i wanted sound wherever i walk -LRB- bathroom , kitchen , living room , bedroom -RRB- which i have . The sound will get very loud if i turn it up . I have a special EQ configuration to knock out some bass -LRB- Mr Icarus Jones 's fault -RRB- to prevent bothering the neighbors . Now i 'm not one of those guys who needs bass like some of these cars you can hear a block away . I just need even sound which i have with this setup . If i were to add a sub woofer i 'm sure these amps will power it just fine , but i 'm content with the bass i have.I have n't had any buzz problems . I do some amateur audio recording and am very sensitive to slight noise . A slight noise/buzz would drive me crazy , especially all over the apartment -LRB- i have speakers everywhere -RRB- . I can confirm that there is 0 noise/buzz . These are quiet.I have these amps rack mounted on a standard 19 inch rack . i used 3 sets of1U mounting brackets for open post rack SA-3201to mount the amps . I had to add 1/4 inch of wood to each side to fit it correctly and this works well . I also picked up some longer screws from the hardware store to put this together.In conclusion , i needed a basic amp , inexpensive , clean sound and an auto on/off feature , this amp was the perfect solution . I never concern myself with turning the amps on or off , when i turn on/off my source of audio , everything else is automatic . --------------- UPDATE September 27th 2012 -------------------- I think i bought my first one of these amps 2 or 3 years ago , i currently have 3 . I 'm extremely satisfied with these amps . I will not hesitate buying more of these .
 I hooked this up to my BOSE 301 series II speakers and it really works great ! I first played my iPod 5g nano through this amp , and while the sound was clean I was a bit disappointed in the volume of sound , then I played my 4g ipod touch and BAM ! Much better ! Better amp in the 4g iPod touch . I 've got PLENTY of volume , in fact more than I 'll use . No need for a sub with these 301 's as I do n't listen to hiphop . The amp foot print is small , discreet , and free of choices , that 's really a good thing ! Additionally , I like Amazon , this company is always great to do internet business with , and are very smart moving forward in this new economy ... down with ebay up with AMAZON!Oh yeah , sittin ' here jammin to Ozric Tenticles `` Waterfall Cities '' , and it 's soundin ' AWESOME !
 Like others , I experienced some cut outs -- once I figured out the brilliance of the design it all made sense . It automagically handles dual inputs with priority
 Needed an amp to push the small radio out to the yard and works well . Good value for the money and simple to connect . A couple of extra audio connectors with the unit would be nice but i just used some I had from an old TV . Recommended it to my friends . Buy it
 I use this to pipe classical music from my computer into my shop . The lack of controls is really a plus because Windows Media Player provides all the control I need . Sound quality is excellant and power is more than adequate .
 Cool little amp , provides adequate power for the price . Easy to use and the instructions were very easy to follow .
 I bought this amp because the internal speakers in my new LCD widescreen TV were totally inadequate for rendering proper stereo sound from my DVD player . I attached the amp to the L/R audio out RCA jacks of the DVD player because the only audio output from the TV was optical audio , and I really needed better sound from my DVD 's , and I do n't actually watch the TV stations that much . I also bought a pair of Sony bookshelf speakers to attach to the amp , and I am very pleased with the result.If you need better sound than that provided by internal speakers in your new TV , especially for DVD 's , this amp is a great choice .
 I was looking for a way to get the 8 speakers I have in and outside of my house off my yamaha rx-v2700 receiver . I was using the receiver 's internal amp to power all of the speakers -LRB- which can potentially damage the receiver itself . . dont do it if you can avoid it ! -RRB- . I was on a budget and this amp really fit the bill . I purchased 2 of them -LRB- refurbished from J&R ; Electronics through amazon -RRB- and tested both last night . I am happy to say that both worked flawlessly.A few things : As others have mentioned , you need to use input 2 for the amp to stay on without cutting out.This amp is meant to be able to use A , B , or * BOTH * A+B at the same time . Meaning that I can either listen only in my living room -LRB- A -RRB- or my kitchen -LRB- B -RRB- or both my living room and kitchen at the same time -LRB- A+B -RRB- . If you 're amp does not work this way , there is something wrong with the one you received.Garbage in , garbage out . If you are expecting fantastic sound from an ipod that has low quality mp3 's on it ... you * will be * disapointed . I noticed significant degredation in sound quality once i got the speakers in my house on a real amp . Once I got my UDAC setup and was able to play all the lossless quality audio i have stored on my PC -LRB- mostly WMA files -RRB- the sound is fantastic and an extreme improvement overall.My setup is as follows : PC to Nuforce UDAC -LRB- purchased here on amazon -RRB- to my receiver Yamaha rx-v2700 -LRB- older receiver does not pass digital signals to 2nd/3rd zones -RRB- . My PC is upstairs , reciever is downstairs so I used a USB to ethernet adapter to run through the walls -LRB- 75 ft of Cat6a -RRB- and locate the Nuforce UDAC closer to my receiver . Zone 2 on the receiver out to one of the audiosource 100 amps , zone 3 on the receiver out to the 2nd audiosource 100 amp . Then from the amps out to the speakers throughout the house -LRB- Garage/Back deck on one amp , and Living Room/Kitchen on 2nd amp -RRB- .
 The AMP-100 is what it is and it serves it 's purpose well . I installed it in an office wired to speakers in five separate rooms . It was a perfect solution for this application and at a great price.I needed mono output and the technical support was easy to reach on the phone and very helpful at ensuring I set up the system correctly to get identical sound from each speaker.The instruction manual could be better written , but if you do n't mind making a phone call to the company they will walk you through any questions or issues . They had technical information on all of the other stereo system components I was installing to ensure everything was compatible .
 This was a perfect addition to my slowly growing collection of modular audio system equipment . It 's compact , simple , powerful , and fits in with the rest of my equipment . I highly recommend this for people who install and strike their equipment regularly .
 I needed something to allow me to use speakers both outdoors and in another room , and this little unit filled the bill perfectly . It 's simple , direct , and does the job . My only complaint is the speaker selection buttons on the front . They 're really sticky . They seem to be set up so that when one set of remote speakers is turned on , the other automatically turns off -LRB- i.e. , when you push the A button , the B button automatically pops back out turning the B speakers off , and vice versa -RRB- . Nice , but what if you want both sets of remote speakers on at the same time ? Well , both remote speakers can be on at the same time when both buttons are pushed in simultaneously , but then you have to jiggle them all over the place to get the buttons to pop back out and turn the speakers off again . Probably a picky point , but it 's annoying . If not for this , I 'd give it 5 stars instead of 4 .
 I use this amp to feed speakers on my roof deck from internet music -LRB- various sources -RRB- . My computer sound card software has more than enough adjustments to trim the audio so no `` preamp '' is required . I like that it is reasonably small and that it will turn off after 20 minutes or so in the absence of a signal . The sound is clean and there is plenty of power for my application.A good deal !
 I purchased this to replace an old Rotel 840 Amp , which in it 's day supplied incredible sound quality at a price I could afford -LRB- in the 90s -RRB- . I read other folks reviews on the AMP-100 and took the plunge . The AudioSource is simply amazing for the price , awesome sound , no thrills and easy to use . For those who have 2 ears and 1 brain this is a great Stereo Amp at any price .
 I bought this to run two in-wall speakers in my bedroom . I have a ZyXEL DMA1100P hooked up to it as an audio source . This combination works beautifully . I turn on the ZyXEL which sends an audio signal to the amp and turns it on automatically . When I 'm all done , the amp turns itself off . I have had no issues with the amp turning off or dropping out when using it . I even listen at low volume in the bedroom and it works fine . They either fixed the issue others are having or they are not using it right . Sound quality is good . Volume is really good . I have it at half way and it 's plenty loud . At this price you ca n't beat it .
 looking for a simple aux amp ? This is a great choice ... I added this to my very expensive Pioneer receiver to add two zones . Sounds good and wo n't break the bank . I
 So , if you get a lemon , it looks like you 're out another $ 85 to replace it . I certainly did n't get a lemon ; I 've considered calling the customer support line to just say thank you ! Expecting the customer support is nonexistant , but for $ 85 for a working amp , I 've gotten more than I paid for.It sounds good , even with the volume turned up . Clear , no noticeable noise.It was dirt cheap , even compared to the rest of the Chinese imports.It shuts itself off when no signal is coming in , so it does n't suck down electricity or overheat.It has two inputs , that auto-switch ; television is hooked to one , and Airport Express + turntable to the other , with a Y-cable . There 's not a million confusing buttons , confusing displays , or anything else . There 's a volume knob , and I leave the rest alone.If it matters , it 's plugged into Polk TSI100 's . They 're supposed to be rear channel speakers , but they 're more than sufficient for home audio for me . Decent bass , even . I 've had the amp plugged into Sony B3000 's ; slightly better base , but much bigger next to a teevee.Thinking of buying another one to replace an older , dying Onkyo receiver unit in the finished basement . Hrrm .
 Actually , my expectations were a little low , this performed better than I thought it would . I upgraded my whole theater with new speakers and amps , but I have n't gotten a reciever yet . Currently I am using the analog outs on my HTPC straight to the amps . I got some really good amps for my Center and L/R speakers , but I did n't want to spend much on the amp for the rears because I do plan to get a new receiver soon that will run the rears . So I just needed a cheap temporary amp for the rears . My rear speakers can handle up to 100 watts so they are a little underpowered with this amp , I actually have the amp volume set to 95 % all the time and it still does n't sound loud enough all the time . Still , the audio is clear and I have n't noticed any clipping from the amp . It actually sounds better than I expected . When I get a new reciever , I plan to use this little amp to power some outdoor patio speakers .
 I just got this in today.Got it hooked up.So far so good.I have it powering four Sony SS-B1000 51/8 - Inch Bookshelf Speakers.Signal to input 2 is from my computer.Input 1 gets it 's signal from my iPod.The signal switching works as advertised.As soon as i press play on my iPod it switches over instantly to input 1 . Nice.The A B speaker selector works as it should.Choose either set A or B. Or press both buttons at the same time to power all four speakers.In this configuration each one receives about 30watts rms.Plenty for my set up.Pretty loud and clear sitting in front the computer.lol.Sound is great also.No comments on the auto shut off.I have it switched off and I just manually turn it off since its within arms reach.All in all im very happy with it so far.Good price.Good sound.Works like it should .
 Excellent value for the cost
 This Amp is fantastic for use as a booster in a system to power certain speakers . I use it for the center channel and for seat shakers . Auto on feature is great and the bridge function allows for use as an amp for the center channel or an unpowered subwoofer .
 We are using this to power an aux set of speakers to the main Onkyo 7.1 system in the home theatre . It 's just the right box , enough power and integrated just fine .
 I use this as my `` whole house '' amplifier and it does very well.I have an Apple airport express connected to input 2 , auto-on enabled , and the volume set to a very high level . I feed the output to a Niles 5-way switch with impedance protection enabled and all speakers turned on . Each set of speakers connected to the switch goes to a room with an impedance based volume control leading to in-wall Atlantic Research speakers . I drive the airport express from my iTunes.The bottom line is this amp turns on within a half a second of my starting to stream music , and is plenty loud across an arbitrary range of speakers -LRB- for whatever it 's worth , the AR speakers are pretty efficient and I love them as in-wall speakers given swmbo requires in-wall -RRB- . For this kind of installation , you ca n't beat price/performance .
 This is more of a review of what this amp will help you do will you music library.This amp is stored out of sight and connected to a laptop on a shelf so when the music on the PC is turned on the amp goes from standby to on . With this kind of setup the laptop is all that will be seen . Now that audio is stored and retrieved Online or with Media Player there is no need for a stereo on a shelf to handle music . The PC does have a CD player , but what for . If there is music on a device with Bluetooth this set up works too.After I used the amp/PC setup for awhile I went through all my CD 's and DVD 's made a list and sent the collection to my Amazon 's trade-in account . I can now have Amazon 's cloud player save all the new music I buy from them .
 This is the second purchase of this model I have made.The most attractive feature of this amp is that it has very quiet and smart automatic switching . When the primary source is switched off , it will self-select the secondary source . If you use this for public address the primary source will override the secondary background and switch back quickly . The switching is set , perhaps , a bit high . During a quiet passage the autoswitch will change programs rapidly . This feature could stand an external sensitivity selector.When there is no source material it will turn itself off after a few minutes.Good full range output power -LRB- 20Hz - 20kHz -RRB- , enough for any reasonably efficient speaker pair . Low distortion too . Speaker impedance is not a problem ; it can handle 4 and 8 ohm systems . You may use a second set of speakers , but this amp will only allow one pair to be driven at a time
 I bought this for our whole house stereo speakers -LRB- 7 different rooms plus our back patio -RRB- . It works really well and creates less heat in the cabinet then our older version of this amp .
 I got this to power a pair of 20 year old Definitive Technology Dr7 Bookshelf Speakers and a old JBL 12 &#8221; powered subwoofer to use as Computer Monitors for my sons Computer in his bedroom . . he was floored by the Natural Stereo Imaging he is getting without the use of a center channel . . This Amp Powers those Speakers with cleanrealistic sounding audio . . He can crank this amp to maximum Volume with zero distortion and excellent definition ... Loud Enough to appreciate Rock and Roll and it is not too loud to disturb the neighbors ... excellent product for a great Price . .
 I bought this amp to power two outdoor speakers -LRB- Dual 3-Way Indoor/Outdoor that I mounted under the eaves of my house over the patio . I struggled finding a bare minimum zone amp that had decent power and was under $ 100 . I finally settled on this one despite some of the poor reviews.I just got it today and so far so good . It sounds pretty good but hard to tell since I 've only used it on a pair of average outdoor speakers . Easy setup . The two inputs are nice and dual speaker output -LRB- I might add more speakers to my garage -RRB- . I have a Y connector in the input 2 slot that connects my iPod to the amp . I then have my inside home theater hooked up to the input 2 passive output -LRB- my all-in-one home theater does n't have an audio output -- can you believe that ?? -RRB- . I can now have the same music inside and outside . I also hooked my TV up to the other input so I can have TV inside and out . This will be great for football parties and other entertaining.I did n't want any bells or whistles . . just a 4 ohm stable amp that could push about 50-60 watts RMS . And that is exactly what this amp is.I would recommend for anyone wanting a similar setup.I question the longevity of this product based on other peoples ' experiences and I will update this review if something happens . However , for now I am very pleased .
 Bought this as an amp for a Sonos zone . Worked for 6 months , but now audio comes and goes . Too bad , because when it worked , it was perfect.Update
 I have had two of these for over two years now powering a pair of Bogen Near R8 rock speakers out around my pool . I have had no issues with these amps which is really quite amazing since they sit behind my bar in my cabana in the heat of Texas . For the price you ca n't touch these amps and they actually sound good handling primarily Pandora and streamed FLAC through my SqueezeBox system . They are front ended by an old Yamaha 2095 receiver .
 I was looking for a stereo amp to drive my Polk Monitor 40 's . Previously I 've used a baseline Technics surround amp and a Rotel power amp -LRB- the power amp is connected directly to an iPod -RRB- . The design is simple , make is robust , and the sound is NATURAL . 50W power is the perfect wattage for a 500sq feet space.For less than $ 90 , this amp is a BARGAIN !
 This AMP is simple and has the right features - 2 Zones and automatic on/off controlled by the audio input source.Like many people today , I only play my music through iTunes . I am using this amp with an Apple Air Express , which allows streaming from iPhones , iPads , iPod Touch , Macs and PCs through a line level audio output . Total cost for amp and Air Express without speakers under $ 200 . I plugged the Air Express into the AC outlet -LRB- always on -RRB- on the amp , and then line level mini plug to dual RCA audio connectors to the amp . By having the amp in auto power mode , the amp turns itself on and off based upon it receiving an audio signal . Then just hook up the speakers . I have one zone for some outdoor speakers and one zone for my family room . I control which zones are used with the amp 's manual switches . I have the volume set to the maximum level that i want when iTunes streams . In this way , I control the content and volume through iTunes using iPhones and iPads as the ultimate remote controls for an audio system .
 This is a useful product for my university classroom where we show DVDs and YouTube clips during seminars because it has dual inputs and simple volume and balance controls . I also bought external speakers for the LCD TV and the system works great . The first unit I received had a bad left channel , but the manufacturer replaced it within a week with a new unit . When I told them I bought it on the Internet , the technician hesitated until I said that I purchased it through Amazon , which is one of their partners . I am very happy with the unit and the service .
 Used to connect large speakers to Samsung LN52A630 via RCA connectors . TV hooked to input one . Input two used for laptop or ipod using 3.5 mm to RCA cable . Amp senses input on signal two and automatically switches to that signal . Only defect is that input two sensing allows signal dropout in quiet music passages -LRB- input one does not have this problem -RRB- . Was aware of this problem prior to purchase so no big deal . -LRB- Rarely a problem with rock 'n' roll or internet radio . -RRB- Amp is always left on -LRB- automatically goes into standby after a few minutes when no signal is present at either input -RRB- . Have never cranked amp up to full volume as it would be much , much too loud . 50 watts to good speakers is more than sufficient . Clear , crisp sound ; no distortion . Just wish Samsung could adjust audio out volume so I could use my remote for that function -LRB- Amp has no remote -RRB- . Good interim sound system . Will use as zone 2 amp later . Purchased refurbished from J&R . Arrived double boxed .
 We just needed an amp for a second zone and this amp is performing that job very well .
 I 've had this amp running now for about 3 weeks . Very clean sound . I 'm using it to drive old Bose 901 's through the Bose equalizer from a Harmon-Kardon preamp out . Nice complement to the system . Just what I wanted at a great price also .
 This has autosensing but you can flip a switch on the back and make it into a manual amplifier as well . Autosensing works best if you use line 2 input as your primary . Smooth response curve and does a great job .
 A few points from my short time with this product using it as an amp for my computer pushing two bookshelf speakers -- I read all the other reviews , and the instructions so I use input 2 and do n't have any problems with it turning itself off.-The binding posts in the back are rather hard to maneuver around if you are using larger gauge wires.-Power off is n't delayed or anything fancy like on other receivers , it 's just a hard switch so you get the little `` fwwoomp '' noise.-It is constructed very well and does n't seem to heat up at all.For the price , it is a great little piece , but it does seem a little low on power -LRB- could n't push my towers well at all -RRB- but they do make a more powerful version .
 I used this to power a pair of outdoor Bose speakers on my back deck and it works well . Runs cool ; I have the AudioSource Amp installed in a closed kitchen cabinet with no heat problems.My music source is an Apple AirPort Express with Air Tunes -LRB- M9470LL/A -RRB- connected to the amp through an headphone jack splitter . All my music is stored on an XP PC in iTunes and streamed wirelessly to the Air Tunes box . I have the AirPort Express sound jack connected to two amplifier inputs ; 1-a cheap $ 16 powered PC speaker set -LRB- has subwoofer -RRB- for listening in the kitchen -LRB- sounds great ! -RRB- , and 2 - this AudioSource amplifier . Music quality is good through the AudioSource Amp . I wish it had a bass boost but I think that is a problem with my Bose speakers.A great value .
 I 'm not an expert on audio , but I 've been very happy with this product . I bought it to separately power my backyard speakers . The speaker cable distance is about 75 feet and it has plenty of power . It can power the speakers loud enough to have my neighbors want to throw me in jail :--RRB- -- exactly what we all want in an amplifiier .
 If you 're looking for a small amp for a second room , you found it . If you need a compliment to upgrade your 5.1 this will do well for you . For the price you ca n't beat it , it delivers good sound and can really expand your system . I use it as a stand alone amp to power some smaller speakers with an iPod dock connected to it . It 's 50watts per channel so it 's no powerhouse by any means but if you need a boost , this is your amp .
 I bought this amp to power my secondary zone for my outdoor Jamo speakers . It was easy to hook up as a secondary amp to my HK receiver and sounds awesome . The 50 watts/channel is more than enough juice that will sound great and not annoy the neighbors .
 This is a great little amplifier . I 'm using it to drive a set of speakers connected to the bedroom LCD TV and I 'm very happy with it.The auto-on feature works great . Just make sure that you 're connected to the right set of RCA inputs on the back panel . The auto-on is sensitive enough to turn-on , and stay-on , even with low volume levels.When turning on , the sound gently `` ramps up '' from silence to the current volume level . The `` ramp up '' is nice because there 's no clicks or pops and the sound gently comes up to the desired volume in about 1-second . The unit runs warm but never hot or at a temp where I get worried about temperature . The sound quality seems good without adding any noise , humm , static etc. . I was n't sure how good -LRB- or bad -RRB- this unit was but now that I 've bought it I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 I have this amp hooked up to a Onkyo 809 receiver using my center channel out , with Y adapter , media bridge cable , to a Bic America PL-28 center -LRB- most efficient center on earth to me at 98db Sen. at 1w/M -RRB- and I 'm pretty sure this think is pushing about 70watts rms to it in bridged mono mode . My normal calibration set that center at -8 and when I set it to -4 it would get really loud . With this amplifier turned all the way up , my receiver sets it at -12 , with the amplifier at 1/2 I have to set my center at +8 to get the sound my receiver does by itself at -4 . Now the onkyo 809 is 135w x2 channels , but at -10 db under reference , running 7.1 it probably only puts 50-70watts to my center by itself.Also there is a pop when turning off this amp , I do n't want to use the `` auto on '' because I do n't want to leave anything on in my theater room.Now on the plus side , adding this to take the `` powering the center '' load off my receiver actually made my surrounds push fuller and louder because that 's one less speaker the receiver has to power.So long story short , run this thru a pre-amp equalizer then the amp , or dont expect it to drive you speakers at 150watts in mono mode unless that really means 4ohm mono.I would use this for my Klipsch bookshelf speakers , but my Onkyo 509 does n't have preamp outs.For under 100 bucks Id say 4 stars I guess.Oh forgot to add , the center sounds good with this amp , but sounded good anyway so at least its transparent with no distortion , even all the way up.This would be for some rca 's hooked up to an ipod or maybe as my zone 2 drivers in a kitchen but I do n't see this being loud enough to push outside speakers , even the ones I use at over 96db sensitivity .
 I use this amp to feed a pair of Infinity RS3s on my desk for computer audio . A decent DAC is connected to the digital output on my PC and that drives this amp . This setup provides vastly superior sound quality to the built in PC audio outputs . The amp is up to the task . No strain is evident even when it 's cranked up . It 's very quiet . My speakers are only 2 feet away and I ca n't hear any his or noise at all even with the volume set to 2 o'clock . The small size of the unit is a plus . It gets warm but nothing excessive . You wo n't find any improvement unless you 're prepared to shell out at least 3 times the price . It does n't compete with the 5 monoblocks pushing B&W towers at all four corners in my real system but it 's the best desktop solution I 've found . This is my business machine and it 's nice having decent sound in while working . With decent speakers this little amp will work nicely in a small room . Hope this helps .
 Got it for Christmas . Hooked up with Bose Acoustic Mass 5:1 -LRB- left over HT now set up as 2:1 , drop 3 cube speakers -RRB- . Source is Onkyo CD 6-disc player . Sound is good , and I only turn volume dial to 8 O'clock -LRB- 2 dots -RRB- . Wonder what it will be like at 12 O'clock - waking up wife and kid.Like the Amazon price and prompt delivery , plus Free Shipping .
 I purchased this amp to power my outdoor speakers but it would also be great for a simple indoor system . Good , solid quality , excellent sound !! I would highly recommend .
 I purchased this amp with low expectations based on other reviews . When it arrived I could n't wait to set it up . Without reading the instructions I quickly connected a Grace WIFI tuner to the amp and to 125w Infinity speakers , and turned it on . I could n't believe the clear , crisp sounds coming from the speakers , much better the an old Sony reciever the tuner replaced . 1/4 of a turn on the volume knob is sufficient for normal listening . At 3/4 of a turn the volumn is loud and anything above 3/4 the house rocks , and at any level the sound is fantastic . The only downside is there 's no remote to control the volumn .
 I have enjoyed the AudioSource AMP-100 Stereo Power Amp . It was easy to set-up and along with my Bose speakers , I am loving the addition . Great price too !
 Use it with computer/Ipod and a set of bookshelf speakers . Sound is very good and set up is very easy . If you want something that just has the basics , for the price you ca n't beet this .
 I had one purpose for this amplifier
 I hooked this up to my BOSE 301 series II speakers and it really works great ! I first played my iPod 5g nano through this amp , and while the sound was clean I was a bit disappointed in the volume of sound , then I played my 4g ipod touch and BAM ! Much better ! Better amp in the 4g iPod touch . I 've got PLENTY of volume , in fact more than I 'll use . No need for a sub with these 301 's as I do n't listen to hiphop . The amp foot print is small , discreet , and free of choices , that 's really a good thing ! Additionally , I like Amazon , this company is always great to do internet business with , and are very smart moving forward in this new economy ... down with ebay up with AMAZON!Oh yeah , sittin ' here jammin to Ozric Tenticles `` Waterfall Cities '' , and it 's soundin ' AWESOME !
 I was looking for a quality 2 channel amp to power some outdoor speakers . My goal was to use AirPlay to stream music and control via my iPhone . I considered the pyle amps but after reading the reviews , they did n't seem to have the quality I was seeking . I 'm not super picky but like quality and want something that does what it says it does well . This amp has good power , do n't let the watt rating fool you . I 've always thought that high-current designs provide the best sound and this amp is no exception . I 'm glad I went with Audiosource over pyle or the N22 . This thing is well-built and should last.It 's nice looking but my plans are to put it on top of my kitchen cabinet and run the wires through the wall to outdoor speakers . I do n't like to see anything and if I could hide the Yamaha NS-AW350 speakers , I would . I like the unswitched A/C outlet on the back as it allows me to plug my airport express in and with a 1/8 '' to RCA cable and you 're good to go.I 'm curious how a 2nd set of speakers hooked to the B channel would work and if this amp would be powerful enough to run all 4 ? The manual says if running 4 speakers , they should all be 8ohms . The Yamaha 's I got are 6ohm . If I used 4 of them , I believe it would be a 3ohm load vs 4ohm as recommended ... so not sure how that would pan out .
 I have bought two of these . I use them to drive speakers outside around my pool . I have it inside with my Home entertainment center a set up to take feeds from satellite , MP3 , computer , Pandora or anything else that makes sound . It 's sound quality is good and at a reasonable price .
 I have owned an older version of this amp for around 12 years . I bought it used and it has performed well on a daily basis ever since . I use it bridged to power a cylindrical SVS subwoofer in my home theater . Provides wall shaking bass at about half volume . Rated at 50 wpc but compared to the inflated power ratings of many AV receivers , this is at least if not more powerful per channel than their typical 100 wpc ratings . The auto on feature can be erratic at times , especially when used with a sub where it turns off after long periods of no low frequency sound . So I just leave it switched on all the time . Never even gets warm during use , though I do n't play my system extremely loudly or with long periods of music . So I ca n't say it gets a particularly hard workout with just movies and shows . But for what it is , a low cost separate amp , it is a nice value .
 Simple amp for when all you need is an amp . I 'm using this as the `` basement amp '' for my whole house audio system . It 's been in service a little over a month , and so far works well.Pros : * Sound is good , excellent frequency response , decent power . * Feels weighty and durable . * Rack mountable * Drives A+B speakers concurrently -LRB- even at 4 ' ohms each -RRB- . * No electronic power switch nonsenseCons : * If it 's powered off while there 's audio input , it squelches -- a bit like a record skipping -- just for a moment . * The A/B switches are mechanical , and work radio-button style except you can override them to both A+B . They feel kinda grindy and it seems like an awkward choice ; individual push-on/push-off would have seemed more sensible to me.Neutrals : * Banana plugs for speaker connection -LRB- with thru-hole screw-down capability for wire connection -RRB- .
 I bought this because we have an Airport Express in the basement , and built-in speakers on the main level with wires near the Airport Express . A variety of other amplifiers were unsatisfactory because they were always on , had terrible ground loop buzz when there was no input , and/or had their inputs randomly reset by children and power outages . This amplifier is set up for a PA system with elevator music . You just feed the Airport Express output into the overridable -LRB- elevator music -RRB- input , and leave the override input unconnected . You could connect it to an override input , if you want this functionality , but I did n't . What makes this amplifier perfect is that it has an autopower function , so it turns itself off when there 's no audio input , and turns itself on when it detects an input . This has worked without a hitch for the last 5 + weeks . Now , anytime we want to play iTunes to the main level speakers from any computer , it reliably works . Also , no annoying ground loop hum with no input . Love this amplifier . A perfect solution for my situation . Not sure if power failures will be an issue . I do n't think I 've had any since getting it . However , most of the configuration is hard switches or automatic , so if it is an issue , I only anticipate having to push the main power button .
 I 've been shopping around for an amp to drive some monitor speakers for use on my PC for music creation . I did n't want to sacrifice quality by going with a smaller unit , but I also did n't need all the extra features offered by larger stereo amps/receivers -LRB- FM tuner , multiple line in/line out , etc -RRB- . I was first looking at the Pyle audio amps , but after a bit of research I found out they only deliver the rated wattage at their ` peak ' , not continuously . And they seem to have an issue with clipping when pushing a strong current . For light duty where just pushing sound out to a pair of non-essential speakers , and saving some money is the goal , maybe the Pyle models are superior . But I wanted something that did n't compromise . Then I found the Audio Source amp.It has two RCA stereo audio inputs , one output -LRB- perfect , since I need the line out to pump audio to my powered sub from the amp -RRB- , and it delivers a full 50 watts per channel at 8Ohms , which is just enough to power my speakers well . Being able to use banana plugs is a big plus as well for me . Audio is crisp and clear , bass and mid tones come out strong , and it does n't clip . I also like that the system has audio level detection on the two ports , and will auto-switch to whichever one has audio coming in . The unit will also auto-standby to save power when no audio is being fed into it -LRB- the green power LED will turn red when this happens -RRB- . There is a very faint `` Hum '' that emanates from the top of the unit around the air vents . But its much quieter than most amps I 've owned over the years . You ca n't hear it from 2 feet away . The knobs are smooth and responsive , and the footprint is pleasingly small . The look is clean and simple , without any distracting colors or designs.For the price , I do n't think you 'll find a better two channel amp around . An excellent buy .
 I just purchased my AudioSource AMP-100 2-Channel Bridgeable Stereo Power Amplifier through Amazon , and I have to say it has provide me with exactly what I was hoping for . I bought this in combo with the TIC CORPORATION GS5 Mini Omni-Directional In-Ground/Outdoor Speakers . This past Spring I had put in a patio on the side of my house . I already had exterior speakers for my back deck , and I wanted to extend an additional zone to the new patio . I have a Yamaha receiver that has been powering interior surround sound on zone A and my current exterior speakers on zone B . The challenge I always had was the both zones were controlled by the same volume control , so it was always a balancing act of turning certain speakers on or off or changing receiver settings depending on where I was listening to music . So , in addition to creating the new listening zone , I also wanted to control all my outdoor speakers separately from my interior zone while being able to play music from the same source . I play all my music from a laptop that I connect to the CD input of my Yamaha receiver . When I received the AudioSource amp and TIC speakers , I connected the Output 2 of the AudioSource amp to the CD input of my Yamaha receiver and connected the laptop to the input 2 of the AudioSource amp . I then connected zone A speakers to my outdoor deck and zone B speakers to the side patio . I can now listen to music outside in either or both zones while being able to control the volume inside separately or completely turn off the speakers inside . If I do n't want to listen to music outside , I simply turn off the AudioSource amp . The sound from the AudioSource amp and TIC speaker combo is loud and clean , plus the price was right . I am very pleased . If you are trying to create additional listening zones to your sound system , I recommend this highly .
 I use this amp to connect an HP Touchsmart PC in our kitchen to one set of in-wall speakers and one set of outdoor speakers . You can probably tell that I 'm not an audiophile ; I was looking for something simple that I can put out of site and not have to worry about . This amp meets those needs . The sound quality has been good , and I 've had no problems with the amp in my month of using it.One complaint
 The first thing I noticed when the UPS guy delivered this was how heavy this thing is . It weighs twice as much as the old Sony receiver it replaced.The second thing I noticed was how much better the cheap , old KLH speakers I have in my bedroom sounded when I hooked them up to this . The stats this thing has -- wattage , THD , etc. -- look about the same as those for the Sony , but the sound is clearer and fuller . I swear.I have this amp running the speakers in my bedroom and my exercise room . All I needed was a stereo amp . No tuner . Not a lot of extra features . It 's perfect for that job .
 I did not expect much from this little amp but it works !!! Installed it for I pod connection for four speakers in ocean front home in Mexico . With salt air , I did not expect it to last long , like most electronics down there , but it has been cranking for over two years . When it stops working , I will get another one . Think of it as the Keenex of amps ... $ 75
 The unit is just as it was described . Good value for the money . Shipping was fast . Not a whole lot of power , but enough to run outdoor patio speakers with my receiver .
 My Plate amp went out in my Infinity sub and decided to go with an external amp . This seems to do alright . Its not going to shatter your ear drums but if you want to add noticeable umph to your system this is a cost effective solution . Do n't get me wrong if I turn it up it will still shake a few things in the house . Word of the wise switch it to input 2 . I had it on Input 1 -LRB- instintually -RRB- and it kept switching inputs with a loud audible click . Read online that this was an issue and to switch to input 2 . Just trying to save you some time , but do n't that deter your .
 I was looking for a very simple amp with a small footprint for a bookshelf stereo system . We send music to it via an Apple Airport Express on one channel , and run the sound from our Roku XD streaming device on the second channel.So far it has worked our really well . I 'm no audiophile , but it sounds great to my ears . I really like that you never have to turn it on or off , or select between input channels . It has no hum , and does n't seem to heat up at all . Sweet amp for the money .
 I am using this amp to power four sets of speakers in conjunction with a Monster Cable Speaker Switch box -LRB- search for
 Bought this amp to power my zone 2 outdoor speakers , does the job . Nothing that will power a raging party but solid to where you get quality power to your A set or B set of speakers . Highly recommend for those of you who need to power a simple set of speakers .
 The amplifier is a simple one that does the job for what was intended to be used . A secondary or second room amplifier.Lacks power but works without distortion at maximum volume settings.You can not get any other product for such a low value.External quality is also outstanding . Good finish and appearance .
 I wanted an amp to play MP-3 music , and this is perfect -- simple , easy to hook up , and good quality sound thru my fairly inexpensive speakers.No complaints .
 We connect our iTouch to this unit which powers four speakers in our showroom . It works perfectly . Easy to use since there are no unnecessarily complicated menus and sub-menus . And a great value to boot .
 I bought this amp to power my secondary zone for my outdoor Jamo speakers . It was easy to hook up as a secondary amp to my HK receiver and sounds awesome . The 50 watts/channel is more than enough juice that will sound great and not annoy the neighbors .
 I like this product . It 's low profile and a great value . I connected a radio and cd player to it . The radio should kick out automatically once the CD player starts . My only minor complaint is the radio does n't kick out until the sound output from the CD is high enough . I once played a CD that has a very quiet passage at the beginning , it did n't switch over until it got louder . If you are just looking for a great amp that you technically declined spouse or significant other ca n't comprehend , this is the amp for you . The auto power feature on is great . The sound is very clean and faithful . I do wish it had a subwoofer out . That would make it perfect for me .
 AudioSource AMP-100 Modification to Prevent `` Clicking `` I have had an AudioSource AMP-100 amplifier for a couple of years and really like it . At this age , I no longer have a golden ear and ca n't testify that the audio is wonderful , but it is good enough for my 70 '' Sharp TV , Apple Airplay , and Garage Band use . In addition , it is really well built and uses good components ; It is a very conservative design both electrically and mechanically . The issue with this low-cost amplifier has been the `` clicking '' that comes from a relay that transfers audio input priority . I have searched for a schematic diagram for years and AudioSource has not provided one and I do n't blame them ; Nothing good could happen by releasing documentation that allows users to modify the amplifier.Today , I could n't stand it any longer and decided to modify the amplifier . I traced out the circuit - you do n't need a schematic , you do n't have to take off any wires , but you have to solder two connections . The modification will take about 30 minutes and you assume all risk . Here is my suggestion for work-flow
 This amp powers the sound system in the aerobic workout room at the Community Center . It has clear sound and runs 18 hours a day without flaw . For the price , you ca n't beat it ! Amazon had the lowest price on the internet . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've been using this amp for a nearly a month now -LRB- for an audio-only system -RRB- , and I 'm more than thoroughly delighted . The sound is not just crystal clear and clean , but it has a warmth reminiscent of the old days of tube amps . -LRB- I realize that I 'm dating myself there . -RRB- It almost succeeds in making CDs sound like well-recorded and well-pressed vinyl . It 's a real delight to the ears . There is one caveat about how to hook it up -LRB- and I thank previous reviewers for alerting me to this -RRB- . If you use it primarily for audio , be sure to use input 2 . Input 1 is signal-activated , and that can cause problems with audio-only uses . With that one caveat in mind , though , this is a wonderful , quiet , rich-sounding amp . If you 're building a pure component system , build it around this amp . It 's a gem .
 A couple of years ago I was looking for a stereo amp to power 8 sets of ceiling speakers in my home . I had already installed impedance matching volume controls so I was not overly concerned about the amp getting dragged down with a 2 ohm or similar load . My choices narrowed down to an Onkyo M-282 or the Audiosource Amp 100 . The Onkyo put out 100 watts per channel and the Audiosource did 50 watts at 8 ohms . Nod to the OnkyoThe Onkyo had an Amplfier Protection Circuit and the Audiosource had a fuse . We will come back to this point.The Onkyo was $ 200 and the Audiosource was about $ 90 at the time . Nod goes to the Onkyo because it just had to be better at the price difference.Last week , after just over 2 years , the Onkyo rolled over and quit . After way too much time on the phone at Onkyo Customer support , it became clear to me that there was no repair route that would be less than the cost of a new Onkyo ; the culprit was the `` Amplifier Portection Circuit '' . Since the Onkyo was now a doorstop , I decided to try the Audiosource 100 and since they were 50 watts at 8 ohms or 160 watts bridged , I bought two from Amazon . They got here in 4 days and I took one out and inserted in into the system . It is now playing all 16 speakers at a level of sound volume and quality that is way beyond what the Onkyo did at 3X the price.Did I mention that I set one of the amps up in 50 watt stereo mode ? There is no need to use both amps in mono mode . The sound is very impressive.Onkyo is dead to me and Audiosource has a new and happy customer . I only wish I had taken the chance before blowing good $ $ $ on the Onkyo M-282 .
 This amp is great -LRB- I have 2 of them , 1 for the right/left stereo signals and the other one just for my center channel -RRB- but there is one thing that you HAVE to know before you setup this device.If you are only plugging in 1 device , plug it in source 2 . It makes very little sense , but I almost threw these things out the window.See , they are auto-sensing , so they default to source 2 and will always amplify what is on source 2 , BUT if there is a signal on source 1 -LRB- not just a low level but a few db -RRB- you will hear a definite ` click ' as it moves to source 1 . If your music or content plugged into source 1 all of a sudden gets quiet , you will hear another ` click ' as it moves back to source 2 . I made the HUGE mistake of plugging my equipment into source 1 and got all worked up that my equipment was cutting out when I would watch quiet scenes in the movies.All I can say is
 The $ 100.00 dollar Audio Source Amp 100 took its place in my music room and was integrated into my $ 20,000 McIntosh system to provide some center channel sweetness by driving a pair of Focal SIB .5 's . So far , it is performing in a most satisfactory manner and is doing exactly what I purchased it to do . I also use it alone with the Focals when recording albums and cassettes to CD , when I do not need to use my McIntosh amp and Phase Technology 10.5 Phase Coherent speakers . It does not run hot even when being pushed , and has shown no signs of clipping at moderately high volume levels . If it is hooked up correctly and manufacturer reccomendations are followed , I see no reason for problems some other reviewers encountered .
 I bought this power amplifier for my desktop computer to play a small pair of external speakers -LRB- B&W M-1 's -RRB- . It sounds great and has been working flawlessly for several weeks . It easily connects to the computer 's stereo 1/8 '' analog audio jack -LRB- either headphone jack or line-out jack -RRB- . Besides the attractive price it has a very nice power savings feature whereby it turns `` off '' and `` on '' by itself . Specifically , the power amplifier automatically goes into standby -LRB- i.e. very low power mode -RRB- after 10 minutes of not having detected any signal from the audio source -LRB- i.e. the computer -RRB- . And it automatically turns `` on '' instantly when it detects an audio signal . So , basically you do not have to remember to turn this power amplifier `` off '' or `` on '' . Note
 Great amp . Small , so it fits into a tight location with plenty of power to drive my two bookshelf speakers . Read all those reviews about the power being late to come on but I have n't had that problem . As far as I 'm concerned this is a great feature . It saves power and I never have to turn the amp on and off - it does that itself . It comes on before the picture on my 40 inch Sony Bravia HDTV so I do n't miss a thing . If you 're looking for a small amplifier for a good price , I do n't think you can beat this little jewel .
 Amp works well . The amp is used to power rear channel speakers . The sound is clean , perhaps a little muted . I would have liked to have the option of turning on the amp with a switch rather than just the auto on .
 i purchased a new big screen samsung and wanted to place two external speakers around the living room for added audio effect-the unit has been great for it 's intended purpose and the lower price for this unit is well appreciated .
 This is an amazing deal , especially through Amazon.Good enough to consider even if you 're an audio snob -LRB- I sort of am -RRB- . Do n't let the 50 watt rating fool you . It sounds good , pushes enough current to deal with marginally difficult speakers , is bridgeable , and even has some neat features like auto-selecting inputs and preamp pass-through . As I write this , I 'm talking myself into buying another one ... that I do n't even need!Good amp , great deal .
 I think the product is great for a simple power amp . It is no frill , no thrills but does exactly what it is advertised to do .
 The Amp-100 is a very good amplifier for the price . It is very easy to setup and use . It has good sound quality also . We connected four Dayton Audio 2-way speakers to the amplifier behind a Behringer mixer . The sound quality was excellent !
 Used in the home office with two inputs , one from a DVD/CD desktop player and another from my computer SoundBlaster card , through to two Sony speakers . No B speakers hooked up . The performance is excellent and the line sensing feature works perfectly . The system turns the green power light to red -LRB- same as the line A regular color -RRB- when there is no line feed of sound . The only time this has not worked well was on just one YouTube video I was watching where the sound was very weak and the amp kept sensing it should shut down . Other than that one time , with the DVD/CD desktop and the sound card feeds , it works really good . Fry 's Electronics was $ 149 for this , and when I got it on Amazon it was $ 84.99 plus free shipping . I recommend this if you want a nice amp for your computer or a remote amp for some back room house speakers .2012 Update
 I bought this amp for use as a power amp for my main system as my carver receiver amp section went bad.So i am using this with my carver as a pre amp.And i can honesty say that i enjoy the sound of this better than my carver when it was working right.This little amp will stand toe to toe with amps costing thousands more.With that said i bought another one and have them biamped with my paradigm studio refernce 60 speakers.For a about 170.00 total cost of these you ca n't go wrong.I 've been into audio for a while now and for the price these little babies ca n't be beat .
 Bought it to power some outdoor speakers , instead of fiddling around with B output on existing receiver . It 's nice and simple , no myriad of buttons - an on/off switch , balance , and volume - quite refreshing . The only thing I 'd improve is that the speaker outputs are a little fiddly , but other than that , pleased with purchase .
 I hooked this unit up to the audio output of my hdtv and then with stereo wires to my Bose 201 speakers and it works great . I am using the Bose speakers as rear speakers and the hdtv speakers for the front to get pretty good surround sound . Of course , I need to manually adjust the volume of the amp for the rear speakers , but once set , its good to go for an entire movie .
 Good product so far - I 'm not sure how I missed the fact that you need to have an audio RCA cable , but it was clear as day when I got it out of the box . With that little fiasco figured out , I 've been completely happy with it . Thanks !
 Works well , as advertised ... pretty basic unit.Remember to use input # 2 for one component.Powers bookshelf speakers well - sufficient to turn volume up to 1/4 .
 Purchased the AudioSource Amp-100 Stereo Power Amplifier as a replacement for my amplifier in my hot tub room . A replacement would have been over $ 1000 from the hot tub company but this amp does the job great for under $ 100 . I 'm driving two speakers and even with my hot tub running I can hear my playlist from my ipod or I can hear my TV . I would recommend it for when you need something to `` do the job '' at a reasonable price .
 This amp does what it is supposed to do . Only thing I was n't aware of was that the AB speaker switches do n't allow output to go to both speakers at the same time . Maybe this was in the write up but if so I missed it .
 I am using this amplifier to power speakers in a training room . It gives good sound and is plenty loud enough for my needs .
 Really happy with it ! The first one came with a little defect and the customer service in matter of minutes helped me ship and receive the new one . Since , I did n't have any issues and enjoyed the music . Thanks
 The purchase of the amplifier was superlative from start to finish . The description fully covered the item , the Amazon web page easily facilitated the purchase , and shipment was just plain fast . I received the item sooner than expected , the item was securely packaged , and works like a charm . I am very pleased with every part of this transaction
 This is a great product saddled with unclear instructions.The single biggest thing to note about this amp is : Input 1 is signal sensing . If you connect a source in this input that has quiet passages -LRB- like classical music -RRB- , it will turn itself on and off resulting in an audible `` click '' . This was made so it can turn itself on when it senses a signal is completely normal . So , if you plan on using it as an amp , you have one `` always on '' input . Other than that , it 's a nice sounding amp for not a lot of money .
 Works well and does what I wanted . At very low volumes it does produce a `` click '' as if a power source or relay is clicking in and out . At more than 25 % volume this does not occur . Currently , I am looking into this but it is really not a big problem .
 I found this solution ... from makers web site . ----------------------------------------- My amplifier makes a clicking sound inside when the audio program is at a low level . The audio also cuts in and out . What is causing this?If you are using the Line 1 inputs on the amp and there is only one source connected , remove the RCA cables from the Line 1 inputs and connect to the Line 2 inputs . Line 2 is the primary input for continuous use audio program . ----------------------------------------- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This Amplifier is a great product for my application which I have it running my rear surround speakers -LRB- 4 -RRB- 2-KL & B ; 's and 2-Kenwood 's for my theater room . I read all the reviews prior to purchasing and went ahead and took a chance . Glad I did , I followed the directions that came with it , and understood the do 's and dont 's associated with hook-up . This amplifier works well with my Denon surround system , the movies sound great and the music CD 's are awesome . I can see where this amp . would not do for some applications , but keep it with-in it 's limits and it will work well . Great product for the money . . KJC .
 i was able to get the product very quickly and install was a breeze could n't have asked for it to go any other way .
 I use this amp to power speakers in a second room , on my patio , and pass the source on to a third room where I have powered computer speakers . I had been using a used receiver for this purpose , but the receiver would n't go into a power-saving mode , and if I switched it off through a switched outlet on my primary receiver , it would lose all its settings.I read the reviews here , and I was concerned about the reports of power-saving being overly obnoxious . The manufacturer seems to have solved the problems with the power-save mode . My amp -LRB- purchased September 2010 -RRB- comes out of power save the moment my primary receiver turns on , regardless of whether I 'm pushing music through the line . For example , if my primary receiver is set to CD , but there is no CD playing , the secondary amp -LRB- this unit -RRB- is not in power save . It is ready to push music to my secondary zones . And when I 'm done listening , and turn off the primary receiver , this amp stays powered on for several minutes afterward.Music quality is good enough for my secondary rooms and patio . I 'm no audiophile , but it sounds perfectly acceptable to my layman 's ears . And contrary to what others have reported , there is no popping in and out as the amp changes power modes . Quiet sections are quiet . Loud sections are loud.For those interested , I measured the power consumption of this unit with my Kill-a-watt meter . In power-save mode , it draws 4 watts . In power-on mode , but not driving anything -LRB- speakers all the way down , or no source music -RRB- is draws 10 watts . At `` a little bit loud for my home '' levels driving a pair of bookshelf-style , inexpensive speakers and patio speakers , it draws about 40 watts , depending on the music.My only nit to pick is with the speaker selection buttons -- to drive both A and B speakers , you have to push both buttons in simultaneously . If you just push one button , it pops the other button out . This is a minor annoyance since now that I 've got it set up , I 'll likely never touch those buttons again .
 I needed an amp to run 2 pairs of outside speakers from Earthquake . I read the reviews and the manual , which was most important . I was looking for something inexpensive that works well and I found it . The volume knob is convenient , but it 's good to have outside volume controls when running 2 pairs to 2 different locations . I 'll probably buy the same amp again next summer season to double up on the wattage .
 Powers two sets of polk speakers , one for the patio and one for the garage . A line off my sound card to the amp I can play everything I want off my computer . LOVE IT
 I have a set of floor speakers connected to my computer . Previously , I was using a hand-me-down receiver to amplify the signal coming from my sound card . It was big , hot and had all sorts of inputs and modes and whatnot that were totally unnecessary to my setup and just confused my girlfriend . Now , I 've just got a volume knob and a balance knob . Perfect !
 Replaced an overpriced Harman Kardon AV receiver with this amp for my media center computer 's audio system . Works great , looks good , priced right - what more could you ask for . Integrated remote would have been nice but for this price I can walk over and turn it on .
 Really good value for the money compared to anything else I 've looked at . It 's a well-built basic stereo amplifier . The only controls it has are volume and balance . You can connect two sets of speakers , which is useful for me -- I use it in the bedroom and bathroom , so I can choose whether I want to have sound in either room or both . I highly recommend it if you want a decent amplifier on a budget .
 I purchased this amp to use in the bi-amped mode for my center channel speaker . The level control allows for fine tuning of the volume level . One slight thing to note was the ambiguous listing for the bridged mono power output
 I use this to push my outdoor and upstairs speakers that have a higher -LRB- needs more power -RRB- sensitivity than my living room and dining room speakers . I take the tape out feed from my main receiver and plug it into the inputs of the Amp 100 . The quality is amazing for the price ; this thing is solid ! I do n't know if it is audiophile sound but I am not using it for that purpose and not pushing audiophile quality speakers with it . The product is absolutely perfect for what I am using it for . I highly recommend it to augment a whole house music system .
 Amplifier is well-matched to my bookshelf speakers and produces a clear , clean , highly-detailed sound .
 I bought this item not long ago . It fills the bill nicely for what I wanted . It is a basic audio power amplifier . It is soundly made , low noise , reasonably powerful and nice looking . I use it for my home entertainment center as my main stereo amp . I drive it through a preamplifier to control volume and frequency equalization as the amp has none of that , only volume and balance . my house is small , but the room is fairly open . We listen to music and we use it to channel the sound from our movie collection . It gives more than adequate volume through a couple of Sony 40 watt speakers , leaving plenty of headroom . I do not believe in blowing my ears out , but sometimes I like a little elevation for certain things and this system has it , especially coupled with a powered subwoofer . I 've had no problems , no annoying quirks , just sound performance . I recommend it for home applications . Some may have mentioned it running hot , I have not found that to be so , but they may run much higher average levels to drive larger speakers or fill a much larger space . Mine runs just a little warm .
 This is a great little amp which gets plenty loud , the sound is clean , I have no complaints and at this point may get another .
 We have speakers wired throughout the family area of our house , but it was a hassle to use a regular tuner that needed to be turned on and off . We had a Squeezebox and tuner before , and it was cumbersome to hook up the receiver.Now , we have this hooked up to the squeezebox , so whenever there is signal , our speakers are lit up , and whenever there is no signal , the AMP-100 turns off.It 's beautiful , works perfectly and has just the right feature set for what we needed .
 Bought this amp for my personal training studio . I needed it for 2 sets of speakers . Very pleased with it . I am able to get the quality sound along with additional power . Great mix with polk atriums
 The amplifier works perfectly and is certainly well worth the price . This is the second one I have bought and the unit is a real bargain .
 Using as the amp for surround back channels , sounds good , running cool . Would suggest this for anyone needing auxiliary amp .
 MAKE SURE YOU ASSIGN THE ADDITIONAL SPEAKERS TO 2ND INPUT . With that in mind , this works perfectly for my uses .
 it works great , it really does what it says its going to do . just get it if you want great sound .
 I needed a small decent amp to power my infinity primus 150s and this does the job just fine . Only issue as others have mentioned is the finicky auto-input function which I just do n't use .
 I bought this amp to work with the Bose outdoor planter style speakers . It works perfect . Have it hooked to a Sonos system and I use the auto on feature . Great purchase for the money
 I purchased 2 of these Audiosource 100 amps just over 2 years ago for my restaurant , they have been fantastic . I run them 12-14 hours a day as background music and 2-3 hours a day very loud after hours . My crew has used and abused these amps , cranking the music after hours while cleaning and prepping . They are paired with 8 high quality Polk Audio in wall speakers and sub woofer and a Gemini PA7000 mixer , it fills the whole restaurant with great sound . They get a little hot when the music is cranked up but I 'm so impressed with the way they have held up . I 'm considering expanding my space and will need to add one or two more amps , these will be my choice without hesitation . Sound quality is great and they are super easy to use and set up . I stream music from Pandora mostly , with my crew plugging in their i-phones occasionally as well . Highly recommended !
 The exterior box was damaged when I received the product , but the interior box that was the manufacturers packaging was fine . No dings or scratches and everything works perfectly . The setup with the screw top connectors was a little confusing only because this was my first home theatre setup . After running my own cables my JVC floor speakers are putting out excellent sound that goes as loud as I want it .
 Did everything that was expected . ery simple to insall land get workng . Boosted the transfer of sound to another room perfectly
 This amp plays crisp and clear , but i was a little disappointed in the power . I should have known better 50wpc . Still sounds great . I 'll just turn it up a litle higher .
 I have this amp installed under a covered patio . It performs great . It drives 2 klipsh speakers with no distortion even at max volume .
 Drives my center channel on my 5.1 surround system in my office I have at home makes watching everything on the big monitors more enjoyable
 Needed this amp to run a set of outdoor speakers . The directions were concise and clear about the few features it has , including the line 1 vs. line 2 input/override which was a complaint early on it appears . I 'm running this amp with a set of relatively efficient speakers ~ 89db/40wrms and it has no problems providing the power to these speakers . I 've yet to really crank it up but will do that once everything breaks in a little bit.Would have given 4.5 our of 5 if I could because of the popping on shutdown -LRB- I just turn the volume knob all the way down first -RRB- .
 This amp works great as the center of my computer based system . The sound is incredibly clean and spacious.A few things to consider when using this amp : -LRB- 1 -RRB- By itself it is n't that powerful . The speakers I am using are not that efficient , 87db . Thus the system is not that loud . This is just fine for me , but I use this for near field listening , and I am more concerned with music sounding full at low volume - which this system does beautifully . If I plug the analog ouput of my digital audio converter into a preamp - I have used a Little Dot tube amp for this - the amplified signal into the Amp 100 is enough that the amp , even into inefficient speakers is very loud . If you need a loud volume you do n't have to get efficient speakers just use some kind of active preamp . However , I do n't need it that loud , and I felt that the preamped signal lost a smidgen off the highs and added a bit of noise . I prefer it straight from the digital audio converter .2 . If you use the lineout to run to a subwoofer , the subwoofer will only work from Input 2 . Similarly , the amp has a switch that detects what is plugged into one and two . You wo n't have any problem with the switching if you use only input two , and if you are only using one source you should use input two .3 . I do n't need or want tone controls - my computer through which my sound is routed has the capability to equalize the sound if I want .4 . The small size of this amp makes it great for a desktop .5 . If you use a subwoofer , the output line is a pure lineout signal . Hence it is also not controlled by the volume knob . If you are not controlling volume with a preamp , the volume of the subwoofer will be fixed . Warning , if you use an active subwoofer , you need to put an attenuator in the line between the output and the subwoofer . Otherwise it will be really loud . I bought someone 's homemade passive preamp , which is really just a stepped attenuator , off of Ebay and put it between the amp and the subwoofer . This both enables attenuation of the overly powerful signal and volume control - although I do a lot of the volume control from the digital audio converter so both will change at once .5 . A simple A/B switch will enable you to put in two inputs and share the lineout - I got a used one for $ 15.6 . I had a much more expensive NAD receiver with the preamp disabled that I was using before I got this amp . It was more powerful . However , it took up way too much space . The output from this Amp 100 is much cleaner ; there is more `` space '' in the music , and the highs are clearer . The detail with my PSB Alpa LR 1 speakers is awesome . This makes for an amazing -LRB- and cheap -RRB- near field listening setup .7 . The DAC -LRB- digital audio converter -RRB- I am using is an EMU 0404 USB which I highly recommend . It gives a number of options for control and the signal out of the computer is incredibly clean .
 I was looking for medium-budget whole-house audio system . Finding the right receiver at the right price was pretty easy . Using a speaker selector to split the audio to multiple rooms is an affordable option , but speaker impedance matching can be a problem and you need lots of power from the receiver if you want all rooms on at the same time . A power amp is a better solution , but the multi-room amps I found were over $ 1000 . The AudioSource Amp 100 is a great compromise solution - even power distribution to all rooms , good sound quality , and enough power for enjoyable listening . I 'm sure the $ 1000 + amps sound better and can drive more power , but the Amp 100 has what I need.Some of the older review complain about the amp switching off too quickly when losing the audio source . I definitely do n't have this problem - the amps shut off after about 5 minutes of no audio signal.The one surprise I got when I received the amp was the volume selector . From the pictures I saw -LRB- with two knobs on the front of the unit -RRB- , I assumed the two channels had separate volume controls . In fact , one knob is volume for both channels and the other knob is balance . Not a big problem , just not what I expected .
 6 pairs of Theater Solution in-ceiling HD speakers throughout the house and patio , hooked up to 4 Apple Airport Express -LRB- s -RRB- and 4 of these powerful AudioSource Amp-100 -LRB- s -RRB- , all controlled by our iPads and iPhones . What you have now is an awesome , powerful , clean , crisp wireless multiple-zone household media system that will impress even the novas of audio geeks . No joke ! These amps are inexpensive , sleek and simple yet have the clean crisp sound of the big boys . Add the energy saving auto-on feature and you ca n't go wrong now . Can you tell I 'm happy with my system ? You will too !
 Like the review before let me start by saying this is not an integrated amp and if you know what you are looking at here , a strait up class d , no frills amplifier then this is a 5 star review all day long.Since the update to iOS firmwares I have been using AirPlay more and more via my airport expresses and ATV2 . I bought this amp to replace an old 8 channel amp -LRB- with only 2 good channels -RRB- for powering my outdoor rock speakers from an Airport . While shopping around i felt the price was right for the Amp-100 and the features were exactly what I needed . If you are looking at other amps at this price point , please note the `` sense '' feature . . This means that the amp can determine when there is signal being sent to it and turn off/on accordingly , giving you the piece of mind that power is not being drawn unecisaraly . It may even save you a little money in your electric bill . It 's class D afterall.To make a long story short , I highly recommend this amp as a satellite amp for devices without the means of powering speakers . -LRB- i.e. Sonos ZP90s , AirPort expresses -RRB- I will also say that I work for an AV company and even at cost , I could n't find a product that offered the same specs at this price . Total hands down bargain . . Buy one . .
 My Experience with this product has been fantastic , powerful , clean and smooth listening with a soft touch to the ear . Powerful when you want it and smooth and comfortable when you want to unwind your day . For those of you who thought audiophile quality was out of your reach . This is no longer true , with Klipsch speakers -LRB- k1 -RRB- synergy and audio source pre-amp 1A . In this system you 've got a superb AudioSource Amp 100 based system . That will rival systems costing many times more than this fantastic system . Let your ears and your heart be the judge of this wonderful sounding system . Thanks Amazon.com for the information and the great customer service . from Gary Bump and family
 The directions for installation were very sparse and it took some time and a few mistakes to set up , even though the final setup is quite simple . But once it was up and running , it worked excellently .
 I wanted a simple amplifier to connect two PCs to my Polk 30s in my office.Low hiss . Very clean sound.I do have to turn the volume near max to drive the Polks well -LRB- sufficient bass response and midrange -RRB- , but this does not seem to impact the sound quality so it 's fine - I might go with the 75 watt/channel model or get higher sensitivity speakers for another room , though.Great build quality - nicely understated and -LRB- this is a pet peeve -RRB- it does NOT use overly bright LED lights .
 I used this amplifier to power a bathroom speaker in conjunction with a Logitech Squeezebox . The fact that it auto-senses the input an turns itself on/off means that I can set it -LRB- the Squeezebox -- to play and then sleep -RRB- and forget it -LRB- since the amplifier turns itself off when the Squeezebox turns itself off -RRB- . For this purpose , it is perfect and offers just the right combination of capability . It is small and fits on a shelf easily , and offers an unswitched power socket into which I can plug the Squeezebox , meaning I only need to use one outlet for the whole setup . 5 stars for all of this.But , be realistic about what you expect from it . As an experiment , I tried using it as a drop-in substitute for a relatively modest 2-channel receiver -LRB- Sony STR-DE197 -RRB- , which is a 100W/channel amplifier powering a pair of Paradigm Titan bookshelf speakers -LRB- the AMP100 is 50W/channel -RRB- in my living room . Had I not had anything to compare it to , it would have been just fine . But there was some kick missing from the sound when compared to the more powerful receiver.The AMP100 would probably be great for something like a bedroom sound system where someone might normally put a mini or micro-system . Paired with a good set of small speakers and something like an iPod dock , a Squeezebox , or a DVD player -LRB- for playing CDs -RRB- , it 'd probably be ideal . The auto-off makes integration easy for something like this.Note , too , that the bridging feature allows you to send a stereo input to a speaker with only one set of inputs . I did n't use this in my bathroom configuration because I had a single speaker with two sets of inputs , but these are not that easy to find.AudioSource makes more powerful amplifiers that would probably work in a larger room needing more power . There is nothing wrong with the sound quality of this amplifier -- it is as good as any typical consumer receiver -- but it does n't have enough kick for larger spaces and that 's not really a fault of the product.So , if you have realistic expectations it is a good product . If you need something small , do n't need a lot of power , and have an application where auto-off is of value , you 'll probably find it worthy of 5 stars yourself .
 A friend of mine installed outdoor speakers and wanted to power them from his older Denon AVR 2700 Receiver . The problem is the Denon does n't have multi-zone nor does it have a speaker A/B selector so there would be no way to independantly control the back yard speakers or even turn them off while operating the system inside.I 've owned AudioSource products in the past ; one Dolby Surround Sound processor and an Equalizer . Each had their quirks but was sufficient for what I was doing . Each was always good enough once you got over some minor weirdness.This amplifier showed up in perfect condition . We connected the Tape Out from the Denon to Input 2 on the AudioSource amplifier . Every component in his system with an analog L/R RCA connection to the Denon feeds through to this amplifier . It worked perfectly.We also tested connecting his iPod to the other input so he could listen to music independantly outside , reagardless of what is playing inside . Again , it worked perfectly . A second or two after the AudioSource detected the iPod signal , it switched over . - The big thing what would elliminate a few negative reviews here , and something I almost missed but it is clearly stated in the owners manual ; connect your primary input -LRB- like the Denon receiver in this case -RRB- to INPUT 2 - NOT INPUT 1 . I know , this is counter-intuitive and easy to miss.Input 2 is the primary input and is the one that is always on . Input 1 is the source that will override the other when it senses a signal . If you are connecting only one device , use INPUT 2 . It will not be subject to the line sensing or switching.As for the longevity of the product , we 'll see . But for the money , in order to serve a particular purpose , this is a simply , cost-effective , versatile product .
 The AudioSource AMP 100 2-Channel Power Amp works just as I hoped it would . I was not satisfied with the sound volume on my new Sharp LCD flat panel television . I figured that this amp would be just the ticket . I hooked the amplifier up to the external audio out jacks from the TV . I set the TV speakers to mute . I am running a pair of high quality Sony speaker with the AudioSource Amp . The television has the capability to control the amplitude of the output signal with the volume control on the TV remote so the new amp works great with this setup . The AudioSource amp turns off within about five minutes after the television turns off . It really works seamlessly with the TV set . I am very happy with this purchase !!
 This is a fine item with no flaws whatsoever . It has been received as represented by the seller and is in new condition . My only problem has been with its description in the online presentationwhich needed a more thorough exposition , The failure with this item has been all mine due to mytoo cursury search of its attributes . This seller is blameless here , and performed his role admirably and excellently.Respectfully , Courtenay J. Walker
 Amplifier works well for a single audio source . This unit has an auto on feature that responds to the presence of an audio signal at the input .
 Great AMP for the speakers in my garage and Lanai ... Sounds great and easy to useSimple is good ... plus the price is right !
 Good overall amplifier . Sounds much better than I expected for the price.Can play quite loudly .
 I am using this amp to control a set of speakers in a different room from my receiver . It synchs well with my Harmony remote and so far I have not had any problems or unpleasant surprises . It 's a plain vanilla component with few bells and whistles and so far does what it does well.I noticied the Amazon price has fluctuated over time so be mindful of that .
 I used this amp to power a pair of Anthony Gallo Micro Ti speakers , used the powered Gallo Sub . This amp is perfect for the hidden installation , and the primary connection is to an iPod doc with sVideo to the HDTV to view the choices on the iPod , and to make playlists with out connecting back up to the PC . The second input to the amp , the one that takes over when powered up and providing a signal is connected to a universal disc player , for stereo playback of cd 's , and DVD audio . The AMP is quite small , and fits in the corner shaped cabinet that had a very limited depth issue for the electronics components .
 Great amp for a great price . Clean , didtortion free sound at all volume levels . i just ordered another one because i was so pleased
 Bought this as a amplifier for second zone use coming from my Sony ES receiver . Works perfect ! I like the auto on feature when the Amp 100 receives a signal it turns on and when the signal is cut it turns off .
 This item performed better than expected and with upgraded speakers it was perfect . It performed as well as or better than many more expensive receivers
 I wanted to find an amplifier without all the bells and whistles such as a tuner , equalizer , etc. . I shopped at stores locally . Radio Shack , Best Buy , Wal-Mart , K-Mart . Every store only had full-featured receivers . And , these receivers were all HUGE ! I have a small TV stand in which to place an amplifier , DVD/CD/MP3 player , and a VCR . So , my amplifier had to be as small as possible , and Audiosource was the most compact unit I could find.I had called tech support with a question about hooking up to my system . Someone answered immediately and directed me to a tech person , who was very knowledgeable and friendly , in addition to speaking clear English!After hooking up the system , I found that the CD that I put in was very clear sounding , almost sounding live . I could not believe my ears , since I have never heard an amplifier with such amazing sound . I had Sony Bookshelf speakers hooked up to the unit , max . input wattage was 120W on the speakers.I will definitely purchase audio components from Audiosource in the future . They have won over a new customer .
 I bought this item to use as a reciever to go with my XM satellite in a small retail space . It works exactly as I needed it to
 Many reviews focused on auto input switch too much that readers might ignore in which grade this product will belong to.I want to claim this belongs to $ 500 range product.Marantz PM5004 , Onkyo A-5VL to name a few . Now those big brand names do n't include a toroidal transformer in those entry product design , but this one does at under $ 100 ! To be honest , I am not a snob audiophile but I hear better sound then I know it . Audiosource amp-100 produces at least clearer sound than Marantz PM5004 . If you do n't mind the small form factor and minimized user interface -LRB- no tone control , no input selector , nothing fancy -RRB- , go for it for the sound quality . Hook it up to a decent bookshelf such as Energy RC10 then you are all set to enjoy your music from any kind of source except Vinyl .
 I was a bit concerned about the quality of these amps when I purchased them because of the inexpensive price , but now that I have been using them daily for a few months I can say that I am pleasantly surprised with how they sound and operate.The amps are in a closed cabinet , and they stay reasonably cool . I have a Sonos Connect running through them to some in-ceiling speakers.When I first connected it all together , it sounded terrible - very much like an AM radio . I checked to be certain that the positive side of each speaker was connected to the positive terminals on the amps , and sure enough everything was correct . Thinking there was something wrong with the amps , I called AudioSource . I had a technician on the phone in 30 seconds , and he was very helpful , knowledgable and polite . Five minutes later everything was working . Turns out the speaker manufacturer had mis-marked the positive and negative terminals on all the speakers , and it was making the system sound terrible . Once this was resolved it sounded great.These amps are n't incredibly powerful , but they do get the job done . I have them in my office , and we crank the music a little when the office is closed to the public . If you want to get more out of these amps -LRB- or any amp for that matter -RRB- , you should consider getting speakers that have a higher sensitivity rating . It surprises me that so many people overlook this rating , given that every 3db of sensitivity you gain with your speakers typically doubles the volume of the speakers with the same amp.I would recommend this amp for offices and inexpensive distributed home systems , but in my opinion it 's not going to satisfy most people when used in any sort of home theatre situation.As a side note , in my findings these amplifiers consume 3 watts each while on standby , and typically use around 16 watts when playing music at 60 % volume .
 This will be a quick review , frankly because as soon as I switched over from my Technics SA-100 I knew I 'd made a good investment . The amp was the only device I switched in my setup . Yea , it 's clich&eacute; , but I honestly could not believe my ears . I thought something might be wrong -LRB- or terribly right ? -RRB- . At first I thought everything sounded flatter , but after a few seconds I realized it sounded that way because the AudioSource amp was more accurate and even across the entire spectrum . If you 're looking for a punchy amp , do n't buy this . This amp has superb dynamics which really brings the music alive ; and it 's across the entire frequency range . I was immediately pleased with my purchase and went through listening to a bunch of my favorite tracks to hear the difference this amp made . Now I 'm left wondering , should I invest in a decent preamp too ?
 Seems to be very well made . the auto turn on is a great feature .
 A quality product at a good price . I wish the A/B switch would turn on both sets of speakers instead of either/or -- if so , I would have given it five stars .
 I do n't know much about electronics so I bought what I was told by my installer . He installed it and it works perfectly . So , I guess it is doing what it is supposed to do .
 I have a whole-house sound entertainment system , which includes a pair of speakers in the dining room , a pair of speakers in the living room , and a pair of speakers in the bedroom . I have a AirportExpress connected directly to this unit , and it has no problem powering all six pairs of in-ceiling speakers . In fact , this unit is so powerful , I can not turn the volume up beyond the midpoint because I fear that my windows will break . An excellent product for the price.Note
 A great little amp . I use it to power the center channel speaker for my seven plus one home theater sound system . Once you set your profile preferences , leave it alone ; no knob twiddling . Unfortunately , I bought the last one the store had of this particular model and had to go up to the next power level for my other speaker pairs . This model amp would have been fine for my other speaker pairs which are Cerwin Vega 2way bookshelf enclosures with six and one half inch woofers ; only if they had been available .
 The Amp 100 provides good amplification and is extremely simple to operate , it took me two minutes to plug everything in and get started . I would have liked bass and treble control knobs but you can regulate that from the source anyway.NOTE
 So easy to hook up to our old bose speakers and a monster cable connection to our ipod . Our 25-year old amplifier gave out , and this works even better . It took a couple of senior citizens only 5 minutes to do .
 I am using the Amp 100 to power a pair of bookshelf speakers for PC audio . It serves very well in this capacity . Very clean audio . With nothing playing , I can crank the volume to maximum and hear no hiss , no hum , etc. . Not something I can say about most receivers or powered speakers I 've used.Power is more than sufficient for my use . While it would depend on the speakers , obviously , I rarely find a reason to use more than 1/3 -1 / 2 volume.Form factor is also useful for this application . I have it placed under my LCD monitor , so it has a minimal impact on my desk space . Construction is simple , but solid and attractive.Overall this unit give me exactly what I was looking for . Good , clean audio with a minimum of fuss.The one thing about the Amp 100 that I do n't particularly care for is the automatic source switching . As other reviewers -LRB- and the manual -RRB- note , this can be bypassed by simply using input 2 for a single source.I tried using input 1 initially , but did experience the amp cutting out during ambient noise in games and things like that . Input 2 works perfectly.As I 'm using this product with only a single source anyway , it does n't really affect my use . However , a three way toggle -LRB- Input 1/Input 2/Auto -RRB- would be preferable .
 I bought this unit to power an Energy 2.1 TV sound set up . I have a high-end reference system in my living room with top of the line NAD components driving Energy 22.2 speakers , and Straightwire cables and interconnects . The amp 100 which costs 10 % of the NAD amp is as clean , but not as transparent or as warm , but for under $ 100 it is great . All the bad reviews about the auto switching are bogus , it is stated in the manual to use the 2d input if you have only one device . I have the digital cable box connected to a DVD player which then is connected to the input 2 of the amp , with an internet radio connected to input 1 . When I turn on the radio , the amp switched to input 1 perfectly and quickly . Anyhow , the auto switching was important to me , as is the AB speaker selection - I have the sub wired to output B . When I turn on the TV , the amp comes on , and the Energy sub which also has auto switching comes on . Later when I turn the TV off , all goes off too . I am very satisfied with the sound -LRB- of course , the Energy speakers help here -RRB- and that the amp performs exactly as I wanted re the switching .
 I bought this to replace an unreliable NAD amp that was beginning to drive me nuts . The NAD sounded great , when it was working properly . I just needed something really basic to plug a Vestax mixer and two Technics 1200 's into , as well as the occasional laptop . I 'm running this with a set of 15 year old Boston Acoustic speakers and it sounds great . Really impressed for the price . Would reccomend this to anyone needing a solid amp at a great price .
 This amp is powering some remote speakers , where we wanted a seperate volume control . It 's cheap , works great . My only complaint is that , while you can hook up two pairs of speakers , it will only power one at a time ! This is not an issue for what we 're doing with it , but came as a minor surprise.Good product at a great price .
 Suprised by the performance.Quiet and dynamic ... tock the cover off ' it 's well built . Just a clean amp with a balance and volume control . The automatic -LRB- Can be defeated -RRB- swithing for the poweron and inputs can be annoying , but make sure the the input source has enough gain -LRB- output -RRB- and use the volume on the amp.Ipod needs to be at full volume for eample . a real deal !
 Simple yet functional . No unneeded bells and whistles . Great to connect on one end to a USB-DAC which is in turn plugged into your Mac or PC , and on the other end to external large speakers . The sound produced meets and beats any high-end sound card output .
 Based on the reviews I read here on Amazon , I felt confident that this was the no-frills , inexpensive amplifier I wanted to power my speakers . We use an older Mac Powerbook for internet radio and all music that we want to access is on my external hard drive ... this amp was easy to connect right out of the box and sounds like a million bucks . It has lots of power which easily fills up our fairly small home.Kudos to Amazon ... I ordered it last Sunday , went for the free shipping , and true to the confirmation email I received , it showed up 2 days later . For $ 90 , my prayers have been very answered ... i got an affordable amplifier that has no frills to fuss with and does the job .
 Nice , good solid amp . I use it as an inexpensive monitor amp for some parts express br1 monitor kit i built . I do some audio recording on an inexpensive computer I put together with linux . Fun , cheap , solid components and inexpensive software that will let ya get started recording on the cheap !
 I LOVE THIS AMPLIFIER ! hosted two parties with it!only 50x50 watts , but its nice and loud and it also doesnt even distort at the highest of volume levels . Once i was dj ` ing with it my friend 's house and someone left a slice of pizza on top of the vent covering . the thing probably reached around 180 degrees , it was too hot to touch . but it pulled through . i turned it off for a minute or two so it could cool down , then kept on going.Pros
 I 'm still loving this little stereo amplifier six months into owning it ! I have it setup in my home office / studio configured behind a 12 channel mixer powering a pair of Boston Acoustic CR8 8 Ohm bookshelf speakers that I bought back in 1999 . This is the perfect amp for this configuration since it sounds great and has exactly what I need , no more no less , making it a great inexpensive option . Also , since it automatically goes into standby mode when there is no signal from the mixer , it keeps energy consumption to a minimum and still turns on within a second or two once there is a signal without manual intervention . Essentially this is a setup and forget amp.If you are expecting a fully featured receiver with multiple inputs/outputs , tuner , etc , then you are not going to want this amplifier . It is made with a specific set of usage scenarios in mind and for those it executes beautifully . It is actually refreshing how simple to use it is .
 I was looking for a clean , simple amplifier to connect to a NAS -LRB- Synology DS110j -RRB- on our home network to deliver stored and steaming media to a remote set of speakers . I did not want to have to manually turn the power on or off as it is both a nuisance and easy to forget . This unit fits the bill perfectly ! The sound quality is very clean - much better than the lower end home theater receiver I was previously using . I 've not pushed the volume too dramatically , but it has more than enough power for general indoor use without any noticeable distortion . When the signal is off , there is no sound from the speakers -LRB- one reviewer mentioned a ` buzz ' , but I hear nothing but silence ! -RRB- . When a signal is present , the amp powers on within a second or two . The delay prior to auto off is adequate as I 've not had any music inadvertently cut off , and I listen to a wide range of music genres plus talk radio . And , while I am only using the A speaker connections now , having another set of connections for a second set of speakers is a nice future option . Overall I am very pleased with this unit . It is a recent purchase so I can not speak to it 's durability , but am hoping it lasts a long time .
 AudioSource makes high value products , period . I also own the Model ` AMP Two ' amplifer , with the twin lighted power meters , and it has been a mainstay in my office system for years now . It garnered rave reviews back in it 's time by several high end reviewers/magazines . The ` AMP 100 ' is a nice sounding stereo amplifier that sounds much more expensive than it 's ridiculously low pricetag . You can build a true high resolution high end sound system for critical listening around this amplifer , and it can drive 4 ohm speakers well . I have a pair of Magnepan MMG 's , a Little Dot MK3 tubed preamp , Sony CDP-375 , and this amplifer all working together in an under a thousand dollar system that would blow you away in resolution , detail , correct timbre , etc. . !
 My need was to drive extra speakers satellite in two different rooms . It works fine for that purpose but barely . Driving 2 pair of 8 '' 8 ohm ceiling speakers '' wired in parallel with impedance matching volume controls takes about all this amp can put out . Sounds fine and works ok but volume control is set close to max . Frustrating that it shuts down if signal level drops -LRB- between selections , etc -RRB- but instructions give the work around to prevent it . For the price it is a real bargain but if you need some power think about the next level up .
 We are using this amp in the hotel lobby ; connected to our Muzak . Only three stars for features because it 's not loud enough . Overall , I ca n't really complain , it does the job and it 's a pretty good $ 70 ~ investment .
 The amp is connected to my computer and drives a pair of NHT SuperZero 2.0 speakers . Sounds great . I 'll admit the price is n't too bad , but I still think a simple , quality , 50-100W amp can be sold for less . The lights and dials on this amp are n't too intrusive , but I do n't why see why they 're necessary . I 'd rather just have a plain face . But to wrap it up - this amp does what it says it does and sounds great !
 purchased for two reasons
 The amp seems targeted for commercial public address music with paging on the B inputs . I bought one for residential use to connect better external speakers to our TV . We could use the ducking feature to over ride the TV with another source , but have n't tried that yet . I did n't rate it highly for sound , not because it sounds bad at-all , but because I do n't have it connected to premium speakers or source material , so I ca n't vouch for audiophile magic . I plan to get more and use one for each zone of music distribution with local over ride . That can be lower in price that standard house-of-sound systems .
 I have bought two of these amps for myself and several for friends when I help them install their entertainment systems . A great product .
 I bought this amp to power my DIY home audio system . I installed it in the basement and it does a great job powering Polk ceiling speakers in my kitchen and bathroom.I really like auto-sensing feature which puts the amp into standby when the audio signal goes off . I 've got mine connected to a Squeezebox Duet so I 'm basically able to remote control the music and amp with the single remote.Awesome value for $ 85 .
 Purchased this amp to power my Boston Acoustics Grand Voyager outdoor speakers hooked up on a second zone set up . The AudioSource 100 gets the job done as long as you do n't make it strain too hard . Moderate to loud sounds pretty smooth , but anything over that gets the grunge going . Then again , those speakers cost 8X more then the amp does , so lesser speakers should be even better with it . Hey , what do you want for under $ 100 ? Plain black box and easy to set up , comes with two sets of speaker inputs and an A/B switch.Can ' t beat it for the price , highly recomended .
 This was purchased to drive several pairs of whole-house speakers . Works just like it should and has no problem powering 4 pairs of speakers . Now my regular amp does n't get near as hot as before . Not an audiophile amp , but a great product for the price .
 I have a 20 year old Kenwood receiver that only has inputs for two pairs of speakers . However , I wanted to hook up not only one pair of indoor speakers and one pair of outdoor speakers -LRB- patio -RRB- but also a new pair of outdoor speakers for a screened-in porch . As well I wanted to be able to use a single hook up to play my iPod on all sets of speakers . So I saw that this unit had not only an ability to power additional speakers but also an ability to do so in such a way that I could use this unit as an input to the Kenwood receiver . I simply wired the new speakers to the new AudioSource AMP-100 and used a basic RCA cable to connect the output line of the AMP to the Phono input of the receiver and presto it all works like a charm . This works exactly as I expected and I love having this product .
 This amplifier is great . Totally worth the money and deliver good sound for either an outdoor or indoor `` background '' enviroment . It may not be good enough for a sound-addict but it is certainly great for someone that doenst expect the sharpest sound on every occasion . It serves my needs fully as my outdoor amp and also as an amp to my living room -LRB- I use it to switch between my 2 sets of speakers -RRB- . The sound is very good . It doesnt take much knowledge to setup and it most certainly will last you a long time . It has a solid build . I would like to have another one that would let me play the same music -LRB- or different source -RRB- to both speaker sets at the same time . This unit will let you select either of the outputs.I recommend it . Unless you are really into audio -LRB- super freak audio lover like my brother in law -RRB- you will be very happy with this equipment . Btw , it is not pretty looking but it can be just another box under your tv . I hooked mine up to my computer so that I can play straight from my mp3 collection .
 I am very happy with my purchase . This amp is perfect for powering my rebuilt Epicure 10 's from the 70 's . It replaced an old Pioneer 35 watt receiver that was getting long in the tooth . Music from my Logitech SqueezeBox ReceiverSqueezebox Receiversounds fantastic .
 OK , this amp does what is says it will do . I use it to drive some speakers from my flat screen TV audio output . Some people are confused how this amp operates but the manual can be downloaded before you buy it so read it before you buy.Now , for some interesting information . There is no external ground on this amp so there is no ground on the electrical plug . I walked across the carpet , touched the amp , static electricity hit the the outside case , and smoked rolled out of the case . It fried the circuit board . Luckily it was still under warranty .
 I found this Amp to be a great value for my purposes , namely to power pre-amped outputs from either my computer , tape deck , or sythesizer-work station . As noted in previous reviews , you should know that the amp is basically designed as a booster amp for a distributed whole house system , not really intended as a primary amp . The signal is clean and adequately strong for good speakers . No tone controls or equalizer , basic raw signal from source . Some amplification and tonal control may be managed in the source equipment . I have a powered subwoofer feeding off the line out from input 2 -LRB- always on straight through no gain control from the AudioSource amp -RRB- therefore I have to adjust volume for the sub at either the source or at the subwoofer 's amplifier.The feature of input 1 turning itself on and off in response to finding signal present is annoying to me as noted by several others . Also the subwoofer does n't respond to input 1 only input 2 . I will have to add a pre-amp mixer/equalizer to overcome most of these objections.Overall , though , I am very pleased with the quality for the money . Good clean big sound -LRB- for smaller spaces -RRB- for smaller audiophile budgets . Choose carefully and wisely.Like many such products these days , it appears to have been carefully designed and specified in the USA but actually built in PRC . Good quality overall , nevertheless .
 I recently added speakers to my patio and quickly found my existing amp did n't have a 2nd set of outputs . This amp was perfect for the job and the 2nd input makes it easy to use an iPod or other alternate input device .
 AudioSource AMP-100 Stereo Power AmplifierThis amp powers a pair of medium two-way speakers for my home theater . Very good sound for the money . As others have noted , the line inputs are not terribly sensitive , and my Blue-ray player 's line outs put out barely enough ; I crank the amp 's volume control almost all the way up with most movies . No one has complained of insufficient volume . -LRB- Someone wrote that there is a line-in sensitivity adjustment or a max gain adjustment or the like , but I can not find it . -RRB- A preamp with a 3 - or 4-volt line out would solve this problem and add needed spectrum control , but at greatly increased cost . You can power either of two pairs of speaker connections but not both ; the spec sheet is a little vague on this point . I would n't upgrade from this amp before spending at least $ 2000 on speakers .
 It is not a replacement for hi-end amp by any means but it works as expected and works well . I use it with digital piano and sometimes connect mp3 player as well . I keep it on all the time and just let auto power feature do the magic . Amp wakes up right away as soon as my wife starts playing . I compared it with my NAD C 326BEE and three sets of different speakers . I can hear the difference and I liked NAD better . Not sure if I will be able to tell the difference in blind testing . Also AudioSource definitely sounds better than my old cheap yamaha receiver . In the end I am happy I got amp-100 instead of cheaper small amps that are on the market .
 A couple things you should keep in mind - I 'm using this as part of my computer speaker setup - and I 'm feeding it directly with my PC . I am not using a preamp.Works wonderfully in this configuration . No hiss , very low distortion all the way up to max volume . Very amazing volume.Hasn ' t caught on fire yet . I 'll update this review if it does .
 I recently decided to put some speakers on my deck and incorporate them into my existing Sonos setup . I picked up some nice Definitive Technology outdoor speakers and was trying decide whether to drive them with a Sonos Connect : Amp -LRB- ZP120 -RRB- or an un-amplified Sonos Connect -LRB- ZP90 -RRB- paired with an external amp . Given the price of the AMP-100 and that both amplifiers -LRB- AMP-100 and ZP120 -RRB- were rated at the same output , I decided to try the latter setup and I 'm glad I did . Not only did I save money , but I think the AMP-100 , being a dedicated amp , provides more oomph than the integrated Sonos amp in the ZP120 . This may be anecdotal , but I do have a Sonos ZP120 driving two built-in speakers in my kitchen , so I do have at least some basis of comparison.Regardless , the DT outdoor speakers sound fantastic connected to the AMP-100 and push plenty of bass -- so much so that the neighbors will complain on occasion if I have the Sonos volume above 70 % or so . :--RRB- The sound never distorts , even at high volume , though part of this is likely attributed to the high dB rating of the DT speakers . With either the Sonos ZP120 or the AMP-100 you would be well-served by quality , high-dB speakers given that neither amp is exactly `` high-end . `` I have not experienced any heat-related issues with the AMP-100 , though I do not have it in an enclosure . I leave the AMP-100 on all of the time with the ZP90 sitting on top of it and everything feels room temperature to the touch , even when pumping music to the deck . Very satisfied , particularly given the AMP-100 + ZP90 combo is cheaper than a ZP120 and I get the benefit of a dedicated amp and even the ability to upgrade and add a second AMP-100 if I want more wattage .
 TV that I had purchased , left a lot to be desired with the speaker system built in . Most of the time , with max volume , could not hear the audio on a lot of the channels normally watched . Had 2 perfectly good speakers just collecting dust , until I purchsed this Amp . Hook up was fairly simple & now have no issue hearing dialog on any channel that I watch . Very good purchase for me & my situation .
 Needed amp to power CD player for workshop . This unit works great . No bells or whistles , just straight-up power for a medium sized sound system . Came packed well with clear simple instructions . Delivery went as promised . Would recommend this product .
 I have been trying to get the right music reproduction setup in my `` mancave '' for some months . My latest iteration involves a pair of `` lightly-used '' Polk T15 speakers , which I gleaned off eBay for half their regular price . However , I did n't have a dedicated amp to power them and the speakers arrived very quickly after I won the bid - the Wednesday right before Memorial Day weekend . So , the Friday before the holiday , I ordered this amp for Saturday delivery . It arrived a little after 11:00 a.m. on Saturday , via FedEx . I had already pre-wired the speakers so all I had to do was hook up the amp to the speakers and plug it in.I have spent the better part of my 3-day , Memorial Day weekend listening to my favorite songs via Windows Media Player on my Dell PC , playing through this amp . The Polk speakers were rated at 89db spl for efficiency , so I was n't 100 % sure if 50 watts RMS per channel would drive them to loud enough levels . This little amp has plenty of power to drive those speakers to quite loud levels , which tells me that this little amp has some headroom in it 's power output ratihg . Let me get into the pros and cons.Pros :1 -RRB- Great price at just under 100.00.2 -RRB- Very clean sound with no distortion even at high levels .3 -RRB- Auto standby mode when no input signal .4 -RRB- Low profile amplifier .5 -RRB- No fan required.Cons :1 -RRB- Must use input 2 for continuous signal to avoid auto-switching .2 -RRB- At very low levels of input or very quiet musical passages , amp goes into standby mode.I 've played the gamut of music from Rock , Jazz , Pop , Classical , Opera and Boom-Boom . This amp is solid . I am very satisfied so far and the price is unbeatable . For small to medium-size bookshelf speakers or relatively high-efficiency speakers , this amp might be a near-perfect selection . I 'll post a picture with this review .
 I purchased this amp to play all my PC based music files over a good set of home speakers ... . WOW ! thats all i can say ... . great 100 watt amp and priced under 100 dollars ...
 It 's a magical black square that sends electric workers over to my speak boxes , which then make sounds which enter my brainwaves and please me greatly . What more could you want ? You should clearly buy this .
 I ordered this product to drive the in-ceiling speakers in my two bedrooms before reading the reader reviews and was alarmed by the prospect of the amplifier turning off during quiet sections of the music . This must have been fixed by AudioSource because it has not been a problem at all . In fact the pre-amp input signal must go quiet for about 5 minutes to turn off . This feature is especially nice in my application in which I have a satellite receiver with an RF remote that allows users in the third floor bedrooms to control the receiver . In this way once they stop listening to music it turns it self off after a few minutes , saving precious energy.Overall a very nicely designed piece of gear that does exactly what I want . It sounds great , pairs perfectly with my Klipsch in ceiling speakers , and is nice looking in a sorta-retro way with great feeling , mechanical switches and smooth turning knobs . A great value for an amplifier that fills a very specific niche .
 Thought I would share my new , very minimalist , Ipod-based stereo setup with the Amp 100 since it was inexpensive and sounds surprisingly good . I recently purchased a pair of new B&W ; 685 bookshelf speakers - which really are wonderful speakers with a very clean sound , full soundstage , and terrific midrange . To my mind , these speakers offer entry-level audiophile quality sound for a great price , so represent a good test of what the AMP 100 is capable of . They are rated at 8 OHMs -LRB- the minimum impedance for the Amp 100 -RRB- and can handle 30-100 watts , so the Amp 100 comes in nicely at 50 watts x2 with my setup.I purchased 50 feet of inexpensive , but high quality copper speaker cable -LRB- with + and - strands -RRB- and cut that into four 12.5 foot pieces . The B&W ; 's allow for standard or dual wiring -LRB- i.e. one + and - for High Frequency and one + and - for Low Frequency -RRB- , so I took advantage of the latter , hooking up two cables per speaker and running all four cables back to the Amp 100 's `` A '' speaker posts -LRB- so two wires per post -RRB- . Both speakers and amp required no spades or banana plugs , just bare wire -LRB- simplicity itself - little effort and money -RRB- . I then hooked up my Ipod to the Amp 100 's Input 2 via a stereo Mini Male to RCA Y Cable such asHOSA CMR206 Stereo Mini Male to RCA Y-Cable - 6 Feet . A nice feature in this regard is the Amp 100 's separate volume control , since I tend to keep my Ipod at full volume for car use -LRB- to appreciate this , all you need to do is forget just once that it 's at full volume and hook it up to an amp with no volume control . Ouch . -RRB- I set each speaker on two stacked 16-inch concrete blocks -LRB- around $ 2.50 each -RRB- for a perfect 32 inch listening height and then placed the amp between them - also on two side-by-side concrete blocks for an industrial look . And that 's it -- I can control the Ipod volume from the couch and I am hard-pressed to want to push the AMP 100 's volume beyond half-way even though I running the system in a large , empty room . And the sound is impressive , with a great soundstage ! I am happy with not having bass and treble , simply because the zero levels I 'm getting are so good -LRB- the fewer the components , the better the signal ! -RRB- , but this setup is about as stripped down as it gets . By the way , you should also be able to hook a computer with digital audio out to the mini-male I 'm using for my Ipod if that 's your preference .
 The AudioSource AMP-100 is part of my perfect living room music system . The system includes iPhone bluetooth to Logitech wireless speaker adapter , to Audiosource Amp 100 , to Polk Audio RM8 and an old powered subwoofer from a friend . It is so simple . The iPhone is the controller . Everything comes on when you send iPhone audio to the Logitech . Everything goes off when you stop . No preamp , the iPhone controls volume and tone . I keep the Amp-100 turned up so there is no issue with it cutting out . Everything sounds great . In a 20 ' x 30 ' room it gets too loud for conversation , but not house shaking . The sub is needed for low end and the powered sub leaves more Amp-100 for the mid to high . This system is better than the sum of its parts .
 I have four pairs of speakers
 I bought this because I wanted to extend my in-home sound system to my deck . I used a pair of OSD AP-650 weatherproof speakers and I am very happy with the sound quality . The 50 watts per channel is just what I needed to get me good sound without blowing my neighbors off their decks . It all sounds great at low and full volume . Even my wife likes it .
 Purchased Audio Source AMP-100 to complete my Yamaha RX-V667 receiver . The amplifier is simple , solid and was connected within minutes after reading the directions . I liked how the amp looks , feels and operates like `` classic '' audio equipment -LRB- not cheap or all show and no go -RRB- . Zone 2 on my Yamaha is my `` speaker B '' from which I listen to small speakers outside and another room of my home . I have n't put it at full volume but I am able to power both sets of speakers with no problems . Audio Source AMP-100 will get warm -LRB- and I am listening for hours at a stretch working outside -RRB- so I raised mine up at the feet to allow more air flow under the unit . I read other reviews and buyers comments before purchasing this unit so I had high expectations . I am very pleased so far and can easily endorse this amplifier .
 I LOVE MY NEW SHARPER IMAGE STEREO . THE SOUND IS GREAT , SO CLEAR AND CRISPTHAT SOMETIMES IT SOUNDS LIKE I AM RIGHT AT THAT CONCERT !! THE RADIO STATIONS ARE A LITTLE HARD TO SET , SINCE I DID NOT GET AN INSTRUCTION MANUEL . BUT I HAVE FOUND THE STATIONS THAT I LIKE TO LISTEN TO , SO ALL IS OKAY .
 I bought this model for my office so the `` wake-up '' features were n't a consideration for me . What I was looking for was a clock radio that would get good AM and FM reception in an office building and would give me better sound quality than the sad old clock radio I 'd been using for years . Happily , I got most of what I was looking for . The sound quality is excellent and the FM reception is perfectly fine for most stations with the antenna wire that comes with the unit . The AM reception on most stations is also perfectly fine if I turn the unit sideways but then I ca n't see what time it is so I 'll be looking for an external AM antenna that I suspect will provide the kind of reception I 'm looking for . I love the way you set the clock ... instead of up/down buttons you simply use the tuning knob to set the time . -LRB- Not that I plan on setting the clock a lot ... even though the power in my office building goes out frequently , thanks to this model 's battery back-up function , it 's already maintained the correct time through two power outages , one of which lasted 4 hours . -RRB- It 's also worth pointing out that my Recepter does have an auxiliary input that requires a 1/8 '' -LRB- 3.5 mm -RRB- stereo to 1/8 '' -LRB- 3.5 mm -RRB- stereo cable -LRB- not included -RRB- so , with the right cable , you could presumably attach a CD player or MP3 player and take advantage of the great sound that this unit offers . -LRB- Also worth noting is that the radio 's FM antenna connector is a standard `` F '' connector and will accept the cable FM feed from most cable systems that provide FM programming . -RRB-
 I recently purchased this little clock radio and it brings a little smile to my face when I turn it on . The sound is very good . It 's even a bit better than my Tivoli PAL radio which surprised me . They seem to have a similar design goal which is simplicity and sound quality with good looks . The radio has a nice little heft and excellent tactile feel on all of the controls . I use a small FM transmitter in my house to transmit XM to this radio -LRB- and my PAL -RRB- . The sound is wonderful . There is built-in equalization that boosts the bass depending on what volume level you 're at . That and the cabinet design account for some fine bass . It has excellent frequency response despite it 's small size.Highly recommended ...
 I have used this radio in my bedroom for two years . Every time I turn it on I marvel at the quality of the design , engineering and construction of this product . The sound is deep and clear . The combination of AM and FM in the list of preset stations is logical and convenient . The display is attractive and ideal for bedside use . The reception for both AM and FM is as good as I 've heard . I simply enjoy owning it.It 's a small package with a big sound and a very strong performer.My only regret about this radio is that I bought mine before Boston Acoustics added the auxiliary input , so I ca n't play my iPod through it.Great design sometimes means uncompromising designers . That 's why there 's no headphone jack . That 's why there 's no tone control . The designer knows best . And I think he or she just might .
 I am recently married and my wife objected to my siren-like alarm . I did my research and bought the Boston Acoustics desktop radio about a month ago . Overall I am very happy with the purchase . It only gets 4 stars because it the sound quality is not quite at the level of the Tivoli radio I bought as a gift for my dad.With that said - the quality is quite good . FM reception is great . I love the digital presets and I really the design of the alarm . Music plays for about 5 minutes and then stops and an alarm comes on - quiet at first and the progressively louder . I am now mad only that I lived with my old siren alarm for as long as I did .
 To my unsophisticated ear the Recepter 's sound is full and rich . I like the way they 've implemented the station pre-sets . They 're accessed via a rotary knob , not a lot of hard to find buttons , and you can mix AM and FM stations among then presets . The clock radio shuts itself off after 10 minutes and can be combined with an alarm . In general , I like the Recepter 's controls and user interface . I also own a Kloss Model One , another outstanding piece of equipment , and the Recepter has comparable sound quality , which is saying a lot . The Recepter has the edge in ease of use and the Model One lacks a clock radio . One drawback , the Receptor lacks an audio-in jack , so you ca n't attach an IPod . The Kloss Model One permits attachment of the IPod . Overall , I highly recommend the Receptor .
 I searched high and low to replace my black square Sony dream machine . What I liked about the dream machine was its simple black color and it bright clear display . What I hated was its cheap radio dial and poor reception . Nevertheless , I had it for 10 + years . When I saw this clock radio I was convinced I had finally found the perfect replacement . In many ways I have ... The pluses : Great design - Simple , intuitive and classic . The size is very nearly perfect . It has the right weight and it feels extremely well built . Not to mention , it looks great on your bedside table . It was also very nice to find this in charcoal grey . Most clock radio 's only come in cheap looking `` high tech '' silver.Fantastic reception - I live in the Bay Area where the reception is notoriously bad but the BA performs like a champ.Convenient controls - It 's super simple to change the time and the alarm . The two alarm feature is really convenient as well . Plus , having a digital reciever makes finding the right station a snap.The minuses : Display - Although I really appreciate the LCD -LRB- versus LED which is impossible to see at an angle -RRB- the display is just too small . When I roll over I can barely make out the time even though its only 12 inches from my bed.Sound quality-As mentioned elsewhere , this machine is very bass heavy . Unfortunately , this means that it can sound a little muddy . When I wake up I like to listen to talk radio and it kinda sounds like they are underwater.Controls - While the programming controls are great , there is no way to adjust treble . In addition , when the alarm goes off , it locks in the preselected radio station so you need to turn off the stereo and turn it back on again to change the channel.Expense - I got this as a gift . But frankly , it really is pretty outrageous to spend $ 150 for a clock radio . However , as I said before , it DOES feel incredibly solid and well made.So should you get it?If the price is not a hang up I would say `` Yes '' . While the muddy sound is my biggest complaint , it 's elegant look and fantastic features make this alarm clock stand out in a crowd of competitors .
 I live in Broward County Florida and was n't able to pull in the West Palm Beach radio station that Howard Stern is on now as I 'm outside the stations standard range ; not on my regular clock radio or even my stereo . However , the reception on this radio is so GREAT , the signal comes in nice and strong . If you want great reception and sound , get this radio .
 Very Good sound easy to set up and use . A winner
 It 's a little pricey for a clock radio but it 's easy on the eyes , has a good tuner and great sound quality . The build quality is subjectively very high . It has a nice heft and stays put on a bedside table . I find the sound quality as good or better than the Tivoli Pal but ... it can sound a little boomy . There 's a port in the back that can stuffed with a cotton ball to tame the bass . Regardless , I enjoy drifting off to the BBC more so than with the Tivoli . The added bass gives a little more warmth to voice . The only thing I find irritating about this is that there is n't an input for an external device . An mp3 player or cd player for example . It 's a glaring omission for a clock radio at this price point . Bottom line , if you can live with out an input for external devices , you 'll likely get many years of use out of this product.UPDATE , ~ 05/01/2007
 This was billed as a radio with great reception , and this is one item that lives up to its billing . The FM reception is the best I 've ever encountered on a table-top radio -LRB- and for that matter , for any stereo I 've owned -RRB- . A word of caution though for those who like music that is heavy on the bass -- this is too much of a good thing . I found the bass enhancemnt overpowering on music that was bass-heavy . Although it should affect the disco and rap lovers more than others , it is something to be aware of.Since I do n't fall into either category , all I can say is this radio is a marvel of engineering .
 This radio is hands down the best clock radio available in the world.I love radios and own the Tivoli Model One , the CCradio , and now this one.The sound quality AND reception on FM are great on this radio , and better than you will get on any Clock Radio . Probably any radio other than the Model One which is equal in reception on FM , and also has great sound.But I did not expect the not only great reception , but amazing fidelity of the AM on this Boston Acoustics , which is better than it is on the Model One , and just as good as the Ccradio.The best feature of this radio , is that you can mix AM and FM stations together in the presets , which are not from just 4 or 5 buttons , but in a rotating knob . You can put stations in any order , and have an FM station , than an AM , or any combination in the presets , and not have to change the band to AM and FM like in all other radios when using presets between the two.Sleep functions , snooze that you can extend snooze periods just by how many times you hit the snooze button to add more snooze time , just a fantastic radio that you will never be sorry you purchased , and realize that the high price was well worth it.Only a few decades ago , most people did not have stereo systems that sounded as good as this radio . Do n't be fooled by it 's size , the bass response on this tiny radio is as if it had a subwoofer attached to it.Usually in a radio , the AM is an after thought and never any good , but the AM tuner in this radio had as much quality in design as the FM part.Just listening to a voice of an announcer on an FM station will be enough to realize how amazing the sound is on this radio.I will be buying more of these radios for other rooms of the house.I still love the Tivoli Audio Model One . I , as many others , can not find a favorite between these two , they are both great in their own ways and I love both of them equally in sound and reception on the FM , but for a bedside radio , then THIS one is the winner hands down.I took my Ccradio away from the bed , and replaced it with this one . ---------------- additional comment : After reading some other reviews , it seems some people do n't appreciate the rich bass it provides . All you need to do , is stick a cotton ball in the bass port HOLE in the back of the unit , and it will eliminate the deep bass for you . But most people will really like it the way it is .
 Before settling on the Boston Accoustics Recepter , I bought two Sangean RS-330s and returned them , then bought a Cambridge Soundworks 730 and got frustrated and donated it to a friend . I also checked out the Tivoli M3TPE but thought that its reliance on a $ 0.99 analog clock mechanism to be ridiculous -LRB- difficult to set accurate alarm times -RRB- . The Boston Acoustics is a pleasure to use . There 's really nothing to it . It 's simple and effective and well-designed . It sounds great . It 's reliable through power outages . It looks good and is more compact than the Sangean and Cambridge Soundworks radios.Unlike the Sangean it does n't buzz and it has yet to break down on me . Unlike the Cambridge it 's actually DESIGNED to be a clock radio so it does n't do dumb things like leave your alarm running all day if you 're not around to shut it off.The preset nob is intuitive , although i do wish it would sort presets by frequency instead of by order of addition . It 's a small complaint . I also wish it had an ambient light detector to dim the display at night , but it does have a dimmer switch that works fine for me . If you want features like a CD player or AUX inputs , you may be disappointed.If you 're looking for a quality clock radio that works the way you expect it to , I highly recommend the BA Recepter .
 Boston Acoustics loudspeakers have been a part of my audio system for twenty years , but I bought the Recepter because the company claimed its FM reception to be good.They were n't kidding . No other radio or tuner I 've owned beats the Recepter in that regard , and most of them cost more . It 's exceptionally good at picking out weak and distant signals from among closer and stronger ones . The radio has connections for specialty aerials , but I 've gotten along fine with just the wire antenna that came with it.The simple controls are nearly perfect . I like having rotary volume and tuning controls , instead of all those tiny push-buttons that populate a lot of electronics . The station presets and clock functions are very easy to use , and the display is informative and easy to read.None of this would mean much if the Recepter did n't sound good , and it does . The vented cabinet and `` BassTrac '' circuit make for more bass than I thought was possible from such a small radio . Enough , in fact , that it can be a bit much if the Recepter is placed too close to a corner , or too far back on a bookshelf . Keep it a little distance from a wall or other boundary though , and the boominess goes away.I 'm an FM radio nut , and I tried out a number of other hi-fi clock radios
 I love this radio . Immediately upon opening the box , one perceives that this is a solid , well-made product . The design of controls is brilliiant in its simplicity . The sound is well above average for a radio of this size ; and the FM tuner is excellent . The design , workmanship , and quality of this object provide real joy of ownership.But there is a danger . The snooze button provides ten minutes when pressed once ; but additional pushes increase the time allotted up to a full hour . On a dark chill morning one 's brutish and uncaring semi-conscious mind will think only to stab repeatedly for relief and you WILL be ... LATE FOR WORK .
 I have had this radio for 3 months and I am completely satisfied . Some of the reviews on here had me worried about boomy bass and poor sounding talk radio but I have experienced none of that . I was expecting to have to stuff a cotton ball in the rear port to make it sound good , however , once I turned it on I realized it was just fine the way it is . My wife and I wake up to the local NPR station every morning and both the classical music and talk sound great . The reception is fantastic and most radio stations are crystal clear.Setting and changing alarms is a snap . The snooze button is adequately far enough away from the alarm off button and we have yet to have an accidental turning off of an alarm . All of the buttons are soft to press . No clicking or beeping or any noise when your partner turns off their alarm in the morning . One thing that I really like about this radio is that when the alarm goes off in the morning , the first thing you hear is the radio station . There is no preceding hum , click , or buzz that lets you know that the alarm is about to go off like most alarms that I have owned . Small point but I like it.Initially my wife thought I was crazy paying this much for just a radio . She wanted the ipod/cd/whatever alarm but now that she has been waking up to this she is very happy with the purchase . It just works well and sounds great . Excellent product .
 I love radios . I own a Bose , two Tivolis , and a Receptor . The Receptor is my favorite . The sound is a little brighter and more alive than the Tivoli but not quite as rich as the Bose . The dial digital tuner is excellent , better than its competitors . The tuner on the Tivoli is hard to see . The Receptor 's reception in FM mode is superior , far better than the Tivolis and on a par with the Bose . I 'm in Toronto and it pulls in FM stations from Buffalo with no difficulty . One drawback is a lack of auxilliary inputs . The machine is well put together and its clean lines are easy on the eyes . The Tivoli has a great retro look . The Bose , well it sounds great , but its no beauty . From a cost/sound perspective I think the Receptor is the best little radio on the market
 I am very happy with the Boston Recepter . It was smaller than I thought it would be so it fits nicely on the nightstand . The sound quality is superb . I do n't have any complaints about the bass being too strong . I am able to listen to news radio at very low volume when going to sleep and it sounds great.The controls feel very good and the radio as a whole feels solid . Initially I was disappointed that the time display switches to show the radio frequency when the radio is on . However , holding down the display button can switch the display preference back to the time display .
 If you live in a building with poor reception , this radio will solve that problem . Unlike less expensive radios , there are connections for an external AM antenna and an external FM cable feed or antenna . We bought it after moving to a new steel-framed condo building . FM reception was weak in our bedroom and AM reception was zero . Before the Receptor Radio , we could n't get the radio play-by-play for Red Sox games that would let us mute the awful TV play-by-play . The Receptor Radio picked up the Sox ' AM station perfectly.For those of you who are not interested in AM or the Red Sox
 I bought this radio on the basis of online reviews promising outstanding reception . I need to get good reception on a relatively weak local station . I 've tried several other radios that could n't do the job , most recently a Sony that looked great , but could not detect the desired station . The Receptor distinguishes between adjoining stations and brings in the program crisply and clearly . It 's also nicely compact .
 I 've owned this radio for several years now , and can say that I have been nothing less than delighted with the quality and performance . I had a Wave radio for a few years before that , and was always disappointed with the quality of the tuner . I live less than 40 miles from New York City , and was never able to get any station to lock on the Wave , even with its digital tuner . I move the Wave to the basement and put a new Recepter on my night table in its place , and have never been disappointed . First of all , the size of the radio is much better for a night table - it takes up a lot less room . The sound quality is amazing - AM is clear and not muddy , and FM just shines with well-balanced sound , very full and rich . I 've always been partial to the sound of Boston Acoustics speakers , and this ranks right up there with the best of them . The most amazing thing about this radio , however , is the quality of the tuner . This radio solidly pulls in stations and does not let go ! I am able to receive stations that I can not get with any other radio in the house . It has 20 presets , more than enough for me , and is very easy to use . I have an older model that does not have the auxilliary inputs , but that does n't matter to me , as I use it only as a clock radio , and listen mostly to the news in the morning and public radio or jazz in the evening.My only complaint with the product is that I wish the radio would play for longer than 15 minutes when the alarm goes off . I have slept through the 15 minute playing time . 30 or 60 minutes would be much better for me . That one item , though , is one small flaw in an otherwise flawless product .
 I bought this primarily as an alarm-clock-radio , so sound quality was not my main concern . So why did I shell out a hundred bucks for an alarm clock ? - It has a proper user interface ! To set the alarm I press one button and turn one knob -LRB- has acceleration -RRB- to choose the time . Period ! - When it wakes me in the morning and I do n't feel like getting up , which seems to be most of the time , snooze is ten minutes , much better than the usual 7 , and pressing snooze multiple times adds 5 minutes per press so I can really sleep in ! - The sound quality is excellent . I hesitated before buying because many reviewers complained about too-heavy bass , or bass distorting male voices . It sounds alright to me . If you do find the bass too strong plugging the bass reflex hole on the back reduces bass noticeably . - The display has just the right brightness on the lower setting . Viewing angles are excellent . - Auxiliary input is good to have in case I need it one day . - Dual alarms useful for couples or if you need waking from your afternoon nap . - Charcoal colour has a nice sober and quality look . I find the more popular platinum model looks cheap and plastic-y . - Rarely used buttons are hidden under a flap . - I believe the clock problems mentioned by early reviewers have been resolved . - No battery required for battery backup , but see major flaw below ... Downsides : - In case of power failure an internal battery keeps the time and your settings , BUT THE ALARM WILL NOT SOUND . Can you say `` missed flight '' ? NOT GOOD . - High price . - The snooze button should be larger and placed closer to the front . - Large size.This is definitely a 5-star product , but the battery backup flaw forces me to give only four .
 The sound quality from this small , bedside radio is simply fabulous . It 's almost like having a home theater sound system in your bedroom . Simple to use and set alarms . Overall , a great , quality built radio .
 This radio has great tone . It 's is the best thing I have purchased . Very easy to operate . Love it . Thanks .
 This radio is bass heavy but that is why it sounds so good at low volumes , rich and full . If you think it has too much bass simply put the rear hole with a cotton ball or some other soft cloth . Works great with an iPod .
 I purchased two of these units and these are the best radios we have owned period .
 Outstanding sound great clock radio . Great value for the money . The sound is very rich .
 So you are picky about what goes in your home or office for your listening pleasure . Good for you . I 'm quite picky and I 'm very pleased with this little clock radio that is so much more . Sleek design , small footprint , easy setup and use , brilliant sound . These reasons and more -LRB- e.g. , battery back up , dual alarms offering music , buzzer or both , twenty preset stations both FM and AM -RRB- make this a must have for those who want and need features and versatility .
 I wanted a decent table radio with a small footprint for listening in the kitchen , and this one fit my needs very nicely . Sound and reception on AM and FM are very good . I did not consider the Bose Wave system because I felt it was too large , vastly overpriced , and the reviews here were not as favorable as I might have thought.I found the other posted comments to be in general accord with my experience with the radio . I listen to classical -LRB- WCRB -RRB- , and the sound is very good especially for its small size , but it does seem a little bass heavy , particularly with some male announcers , who tend to ` boom ' a little . You can tame the bass by inserting damping material like cotton batting into the bass port at the back of the unit -LRB- try it with just a finger to see how it works -RRB- , but some tone controls would have been welcome , even the old-fashioned transistor radio single knob Tone control.I only listen to a couple of stations , one for news and one for music , but listeners who make heavy use of presets and like to change things around may find the system here awkward and inconvenient . There are 20 presets available , but they can only be stored sequentially as they are added , with no distinction between AM and FM and no ability to resequence them . Access to presets is quickly achieved by rotating the large knob next to the volume control.These quibbles aside , I am happy with the radio and would recommend it to others , at least as far as the radio function is concerned -LRB- I do n't use the alarm system -RRB- . The price seems appropriate for the quality.I also have an older KLH 200 digital AM/FM stereo clock radio , which has a separate speaker attached by a wire for the stereo sound . If Boston Acoustics had offered a similar version instead of this mono one , I might have bought that instead .
 Reception has always been a problem where I live , but you would never know it with the Recepter . It has rich sound , digital tuning , excellent reception on both AM and FM , and small footprint . The simple controls are a bonus . There 's no seek feature , but as it pulls in so many stations clearly and has 20 presets , seek is n't really needed . Compared to my 2 Bose Wave radios , which do have the edge in sound , the Recepter gets stations clearly that the Bose ca n't even lock into , it 's much smaller , and less than half the price . My only gripe is the display is hard to read on days of bright sunlight , when it loses contrast and picks up glare , though it 's otherwise easy to see -LRB- my Bose and an old Proton can be seen clearly in any light , even in the same spot -RRB- . Overall , its sound , size , reception , and simplicity rate 5 stars even if the display is not always perfect .
 A lucky break to find this . In Australia , the Bose -LRB- without CD -RRB- is about USD$ 600 -LRB- eeekkk ! -RRB- , the Cambridge Soundworks unavailable , and this unit had a sticker price of AUD$ 399 = USD$ 285 !!! But I found one in a store -LRB- Harvey Norman -RRB- that had discontinued the line , for A$ 150 = US$ 108 . I listened and liked it , but hard to assess in a huge retail room . A quick check on a PC there of this website had supportive reviews , so I bought it . Very happy with the sound in the bedroom , although bass can be a little excessive - as observed by others , it can be damped by shoving a Kleenex in the rear port.The single dial for tuning forward and backward , and all other adjustments is simplicity in itself . -LRB- My pet hate of clock radios in hotels is that the time can only be adjusted forward , taking about 5 minutes to change an alarm setting ! -RRB- Until home and reading the instructions , I was unaware of the nice alarm feature of radio for 5 mins , then the buzzer to really wake me up.On AM at low frequencies , eg 621 , there is some mains 50Hz hum , even with the antenna away from the power cord . But by 700 + Hz this disappears . Maybe an external antenna would fix this - have n't tried . FM is excellent.Amazed that the sales rep told me this last item of stock had been on the shelf for months , while hundreds of cheap and nasty clock radios were sold from beside it - my good luck , and the cloth ears of so many people !!! This is a good buy at up to US$ 150 in my opinion .
 I am always surprised to find high-end radios , built for discriminating audiophiles who can detect subtle differences , in the homes of people -LRB- usually nouveau riche -RRB- who only use them to listen to very powerful , `` classic '' rock or top twenty stations that would sound great on a ten dollar radio because of the strong signal . I knew one rich woman who bought a very expensive Bose stereo to listen to her one and only music CD once or twice a week
 I bought this radio based on the glowing reviews here . I am not disappointed ! Wonderful , full sound for a small radio . I was simply amazed ... even better than I thought it would be . The features are more than adequate for our needs . My husband and I each have our own alarms now , so our mornings will be a little less complicated . I am thrilled with the reception and range of FM stations . I can even pull in a favorite little AM station with perfection . The Recepter is replacing a Sony that gave us a few years of horrible reception and less than desirable tuning capabilities . What a joy it will be to wake up to a perfectly clear radio station !
 We bought this radio after looking at a number of table radios at various price points . The radio was shipped quickly & arrived in original packaging . We paid circa $ 109 . Set-up was incredibly easy ; the directions are quite user-friendly & straightforward . Setting preset stations & dual alarm times was simple . Out of the box to installed & playing may have taken 10 minutes . Although we set a number of local stations , we use this Boston Acoustics radio exclusively for playing XM satellite radio -LRB- Audiovisions -RRB- through an inhouse/incar pioneer satellite radio . The sound quality is crystal clear & stunning . The bass is nicely presented without being overbearing . We wondered about the lack of tone controls but this is a total non-issue since the sound is well balanced & rich . We could have spent more for other brands , but the sound quality from this radio is stunning . Would strongly recommend !!
 I wanted a kitchen radio -LRB- the alarm function was not important -RRB- with great sound that I could hear throughout my fairly large apartment and this radio is just delighting me no end . I considered and looked at the Bose and higher-end Boston Acoustic radios and feel that Consumer Reports is spot on rating this their ` best buy ' table-top radio . I was wary of warnings about the bass muffling spoken voice -LRB- since I mostly listen to NPR -RRB- but I 'm not having a problem with that at all .
 This is a great clock radio , small footprint but BIG sound . Very easy setup and the external antenna connector lets my rooftop antenna pull in some great stations over 75 miles away . You will not be disappointed , it 's worth the extra cash . The bass out of the single speaker beats the Bose FM/CD tabletop players hands down .
 First the the deep base in this radio for music is pretty good . But when you tune into a talkshow , this radio 's deep base makes the voice unnatural or sometimes even muffled.I want to hear the clear real sound of human 's voice.Secondly I compared this radio 's reception ability with Sony ICF36 , I ca n't tell the difference on AM and FM.So think it over before you spend $ 150 on that . I think it may worth half of that price .
 I read many of the comments on Amazon about this radio before purchasing it and to the most part I am right in line with the pro 's and con 's of those reviews.Pro 's - Great sound for the money . This is n't a BOSE Wave but what you get soundwise for the money is a great deal . I listen to mostly Rock , Pop & NPR and this radio fills my Master Suite with quality sound . - Very intuitive usability . This just has the right buttons , knobs and display to make using all the functions very easy . - Stylish and the right size . This clock radio looks good on my bedside dresser . It has the look and feel of quality . - Great FM reception . It pulls in the stations very well.Con 's - I wish I could have the clock displaying when the radio is playing . I can push a button and see the clock - but it defaults to showing the station numbers . - You can only adjust volume - no tone control . It 'd be great to adjust the Bass/Treble . There are times that Bass is a little strong .
 I love everything about this radio except for it 's built-in tone bias . Too bad there 's no adjustment for it . If there were I 'd roll back the base and turn up the treble . My Delphi Skyfi Boombox sounds much better with good punchy base and crisp highs . The highs are so muted with the Receptor that listening to talk radio can be difficult . As for pulling in weak stations the receptor does n't shine there either . The stock radio in my F-150 pulls weak stations better . Although the Receptor does have provision to connect an external AM antenna that I have n't tried.What is right with this radio is it 's controls and display . It 's the best thought out , intuitive and easy to use set of controls I 've ever seen since the 60s . It holds it 's clock settings and pre-sets when unplugged . Tuning is rapid and precise . And the clock has two alarms which are super easy to set and use.If I had to pick one feature to add to this radio it would be a tone control . If I could just dial in some more treble I 'd give this radio 5 stars . As it is it 's just a very nice , possibly the ultimate clock radio for a desk-top or night-stand . There 's just too many much cheaper radios that sound a lot better to call this one a hi-fi radio.It 's so good at what it 's good at I 'm still keeping it just to have the Mercedes Benz of clock radios on my night stand .
 This is n't the newest or fanciest Radar/Laser detector , but reviews give it good rating for range , including over hills and around curves . I used this Whistler for 5 years on a weekly commute to a consulting job of about 400 miles , with about 40 % of that on rural state highways with nice 12 ' lanes built before the Interstate era.In five years , the Whistler never failed to give me warning enough to always be fewer than the 10 MPH `` grace '' speed local law-enforcement must grant if you 're over the limit in this state . And though the brochure warns that laser will register your speed in 1.3 seconds , the Whistler 's raucus laser alert will have your foot on the brake even faster than that . I especially like the `` City2 '' setting , which disables old-fashioned X-band radar detection , now used mostly for average-speed computation on big city interstates , rather than by police , which will drive you to distraction every couple of minutes if you ca n't disable it.At the current price , this Whistler is a better investment by % return than anything I 've got in my 401K !
 ACTS 2:38 Happy with the unit , although volume control does not work , it 's still work well . Thanks ! The price was descent .
 I got this radar detector out of an advice from my girlfriend and at first i was kind of dissapointed because i did n't do anything the first couple of days i install it but soon after i was on the road , it beeped when a radar was nearby and in enough time to slow down and avoid a ticket , until now it has saved me a couple of those pesky speeding tickets ! , but i must warn you if your consider buying a this particular -LRB- or any -RRB- radar detector , first , you must be aware of the speeding limit , second , get to know your radar detector and third , do n't go over the limit very much because it does n't have very long range . Anyhow , i recommend it for the frequent road traveler , this machine it pays for it self ! . -LRB- Note
 This Boston Acoustics Recepter mono AM/FM clock radio comes in an attractive white color in a simple styling that will blend easily with most bedroom decors . It has a patented AM/FM digital tuner with 20 tuner presets for AM/FM stations , dual wakeup alarms , sleep timer , adjustable snooze , LCD display with dimmer , and a memory backup . It also sports an attached 4-foot FM wire antenna and a built-in AM antenna . The necessary three `` AAA '' batteries are included -LRB- even though it plugs into the wall , you must also have batteries -RRB- along with a 96 '' AC power cord . The patented tuner can find weak FM stations and its low distortion allows you to differentiate stations without static . This radio 's LCD display shows clearly the station , time , and alarm/sleep mode.You can go to sleep to pleasant bass music and then wake up to nice bass music . The radio 's sleep timer can be set to play the radio for a preset amount of time , then shut itself off . The sleep timer can be set for 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 or 60 minutes . This clock radio has two wake-up alarms which can be set to music , to the buzzer , or to both . Music can be sounded first , followed later by the buzzer which gets gradually louder until you switch it off . It is nearly impossible for someone who is not hearing-impaired to oversleep ! The snooze button will stop the alarm for 10 minutes . If you double-click the snooze button , you can add another 5 minutes to the snooze time , up to 60 minutes.In short , this is a clock radio built for lovers of bass music . And it 's priced for everyone . In addition , Amazon has deals on this radio that you ca n't find in most retail stores . I am happy to recommend this very nice clock radio .
 We had been looking for a radio for our bedroom for a while . Our pervious radio had difficulty receiving AM radio broadcasts . I prefer to awaken to talk radio rather than music so AM reception was a big issue . We had purchased s couple of brand named radios and none could pick up the AM station we listened to . I finally purchased the BA Recepter and was amazed that it locked onto the AM station immediately and never faltered ... even in the late evening hours when many stations reduce power.The sound of this radio is very pleasing . The talk stations are pleasant and very clear . Music from this radio is very nice too . The bass is ample and the sound is very full and musical . The controls are very easy to use and the battery backup is a nice feature in the event of a power failure . There are no adjustments for treble or bass ... so if you like to tinker with sound adjustments , this radio may not be right for you . I found the factory setting to be quite nice . The radio also includes a wire antenna that may be unrolled to improve FM radio reception . We let our 's fall behind the nightstand and the radio picks up all our local FM stations with no problem.The only downside to this radio is the illuminated display . It can be very bright in a dark room and may take some getting used to.We have since bought another one of these models for our kitchen and I am considering the BA Microsystem as we would like to have the ability to listen to CD 's ... although I hear that here are some serious issues with the reliability of the CD player .
 I bought this primarily as an alarm-clock-radio , so sound quality was not my main concern . So why did I shell out a hundred bucks for an alarm clock ? - It has a proper user interface ! To set the alarm I press one button and turn one knob -LRB- has acceleration -RRB- to choose the time . Period ! - When it wakes me in the morning and I do n't feel like getting up , which seems to be most of the time , snooze is ten minutes , much better than the usual 7 , and pressing snooze multiple times adds 5 minutes per press so I can really sleep in ! - The sound quality is excellent . I hesitated before buying because many reviewers complained about too-heavy bass , or bass distorting male voices . It sounds alright to me . If you do find the bass too strong plugging the bass reflex hole on the back reduces bass noticeably . - The display has just the right brightness on the lower setting . Viewing angles are excellent . - Auxiliary input is good to have in case I need it one day . - Dual alarms useful for couples or if you need waking from your afternoon nap . - Rarely used buttons are hidden under a flap . - I believe the clock problems mentioned by early reviewers have been resolved . - No battery required for battery backup , but see major flaw below ... Downsides : - In case of power failure an internal battery keeps the time and your settings , BUT THE ALARM WILL NOT SOUND . Can you say `` missed flight '' ? NOT GOOD . - High price . - The snooze button should be larger and placed closer to the front . - Large size.This is definitely a 5-star product , but the battery backup flaw forces me to give only four .
 There have already been a lot of postivite reviews , so I 'll just say I love it and leave it at that .
 A little heavy on the bass -LRB- which is not adjustable -RRB- but a good option for a small space or an area where you do n't want a lot of bright LEDs . The controls are intuitive and the design works very well in our kitchen .
 My son 's school uses this software in their computer lab . We bought a copy for him to use at home as well . He loves it and I can see his typing improve.Runs just fine on an old mac running classic OS 9 too .
 This program has been of tremendous benefit to unmotivated , struggling readers . Students learn letters , phonics , words , reading all in a game format that reinforces them with earning certificates . For some odd reason , the certificates have been the best motivator I have seen in a long time for the kids . The program teaches typing as well , but until kids are 12 or so , the are not motorically ready for touch typing . They do , however , learn the location of the keys .
 My 8yo son who has dyslexia has been doing this program for about a month . He is doing very well and enjoys the graphics , characters and stories . It is helping him with phonemic awareness since he has to decode each sound/letter to type each one . He gets excited practicing typing words at `` the fountain '' and improving his scores . Very well done CD !
 I received this crossover quickly , and with no damage . The unit is simple to connect and operate.The ability to use it as a two way or three way unit is great . Just what I needed for my latest PA system build . Also the ability to use '' jack or phono plugs is a really nice touch too .
 I spent 3 hours on a Sunday morning looking for this item . I use to have one back in california and I really wanted to replace it with another one . I was very happy when I came across it and saw that this merchant had it available on amazon . But let me express how DISAPPOINTED I was when I went to buy it that I NEVER recieved my order . I tried many times to contact this seller to find out when I was going to recieve my stereo . I do n't know what the issue is or was with him and why he didnt get back with me . Was it just because he forgot that he had this item to sell or maybe he didnt have a way to find out that it had been purchased ? Whatever the reason I 'd like to say that it is very POOR customer service and not professional to just leave someone hanging like that . If you should happen to come across this seller who may have an item DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY WITH HIM . You will just have to go through the same headache that I did and contact this or that person to stop payment on a item that was never recieved . Thank god I can purchase things directly from Amazon because people like you make people like me question the other vendors on this site . If it was n't for that I would never ever shop on here AGAIN !!
 Since I have bought this product I have not gotten a single ticket . . It is not as advance as the V1 or escort passport in picking up lasers , but it is also less than a third of the price.Overall a great product for the money .
 These are great mobile communicators and so easy to use with great range for use while having fun with the kids . Kids sure did work them well and continue to .
 This is a perfect fit to our very old record player . It was exactly as describer and works beautifully ! It was shipped very fast .
 very happy with this purchase have been looking for an antenna and radio cables very good price
 It workes great . I do not drop the radio station anymore . It was easy to install and set up .
 This is a good replacement stylus if you have an older version palm pilot . It fits snuggly into the recessed cylinder opening in the side of my palm m505 and has a lip which sticks out for easy removal . The weight of the stylus is pretty good as well . Not a bad purchase at all for the money ...
 I love my old Palm M515 , but the stylus always seems to go missing . This is my second 3 pack -- so glad it 's still available on Amazon .
 It 's a stylus for a PDA . It 's black and round and about four inches long . . Has a fitting on one end to clip in properly . It fits . There is really not a lot that can go wrong with this item.It arrived in a very timely manor . In other words perfect what more can I say .
 I 'm using them in a Palm m515 -LRB- packaging only mentions m500 and m505 -RRB- , they fit perfectly . Both ends are plastic , but the shaft is metal . It also has that detachable back end that works as a reset pin .
 arrived on schedule . I felt lucky to find for sale an item that i thought was already phased out . allows me to add more years to use of my palm m515
 Good deal . My soon was always losing these , it was handy to have three . The Palm is dead now , so my other son uses them with his handheld game system .
 These pens are a very good product . They are very sturdy and heavy enough to the hand for a man to have good control of . I really enjoy them . I even gifted a couple to my co-workers .
 The stylus for my Palm was very difficult to locate , due to older Palm model . The Stylus turned out to be exactly the right fit and was able to continue to use my Palm .
 This product is awesome and great to use in my M515 . I have my M515 for over 10 years now.However , the order took too long and I have to cancel the order and ask for re-imbursement . Interestingly , the seller already shipped it to me but they do n't know why it took too long since we are in the same state.I contacted the seller via email about the product that finally got to my house late and the seller was apologetic and told me that I get the product for free.Hence , wrong makes right by the seller.So , apart from the long-time shipping problems , the product is great and the seller was nice.I would buy another product from this seller not because this product was free but because their methods of making wrong to right for the customer demonstrated their character and the quality of their product is awesome . It is an American value that is hard to find .
 These original replacement Stylus fit this old PDA perfectly . They shipped superfast . And if I were ever to need more , I would buy these , from this seller . Too bad the product is too good and I can not envision needing to replace them unless I lose all three !!! Great , inexpensive , and easy transaction .
 No issues and no problems . For novices , be aware that the reset device unscrews from the top of the stylus .
 for a palm stylus , what more need be said ? They came pretty quickly . Good job .
 This stylus works very well . It actually snaps in on the Palm so does n't fall out easily . The one that came with the Palm was constantly falling out and I evidentually lost it .
 Even before using the Voodoo5 's main selling point , the full-scene antialiasing , I was awestruck with the image quality in OpenGL , Glide , and even RAVE games . The 3dfx algorithm for texture smoothing is unparalleled , and their 16-bit support -LRB- through the use of 24-bit rendering with a dither-down -RRB- is absolutely stunning . -LRB- Even so , in OpenGL and RAVE , I run 32-bit because I ca n't detect a framerate difference doing so . -RRB- Once I turned on antialiasing at 4-sample , I just could n't believe how good all of my games looked . Even now , from owners of GeForce2 and Radeon cards , I get compliments on the appearance of my games . While I do run at 800x600 to keep my framerates up under the strain of antialiasing , I definitely prefer that appearance even over high resolutions like 1600x1200 without antialiasing .
 Very compact . . it was exactly what I was looking for . At the first look you think it looks too weak , but is strong enough toi support my Panasonic FZ-50 . Unfortunately I did n't received the carrying case . I asked the distributer where the case is , and finally Amazon send me a generous $ 2.00 + / - . I am desappointed , I would prefer to receive that case instead . Bad advertising .
 I am a hiker and wanted a tripod that could fit in my small backpack , one that was light enough so as not to make me worry about the extra weight on a long hike , and one that could be set up and adjusted quickly.This tripod is just what I wanted and after a couple long trips with it , I 'm comfortable recommending it.I really like the flip-type leg locks . Since I 'm outdoors , I almost never have a level surface to work with . With this tripod , it 's very easy to flip open a leg lock , push down on the leg until the camera is level , and lock the leg.I previously had the Slik Compact XL . That tripod is heavier -LRB- although sturdier -RRB- and not nearly as quick to set up or adjust , since it has telescoping legs with screw rings.The 3-way head also makes it superior to the Slik model.It has a level , but once the camera is mounted , the level is hard to see . It 's a feature that I 've found useful on another tripod with a better design , but I ignore it on this tripod.One caution
 I just bought this item and like it . Everything works great . It only goes 42 '' high , but I believe it is good compared to other travel tripods .
 I bought this antenna for my HD ready TV . I hooked it up indoors and got great reception for the Super Bowl ! It was amazing sound and picture . My only issue is that I can not get Channel 3 WKYC to come in out of Cleveland , OH . I live about 30 miles Southeast and after contacting the station they said I would need a medium range outdoor antenna in order to receive their HD channel . Seemed strange since ABC and CBS come in fine on the local HD channels with the antenna I bought . So I am out of luck as far as watching the Olympics in HD . So it works well but may have limitations in your area . If you are an avid tv watcher I would just reccomend getting digital cable if available or getting the best outdoor antenna you can get . I do n't watch enough to justify the extra cost .
 On Amazon user recommendation I bought two WINEGARD SS-3000 from another retailer . They arrived in three days . Very pleased . The unit is larger than I expected , so check the dimensions , but has a streamlined style . The instructions are a bit brief and I had to do some guessing and studying the photo , but it turned out to be easy , provided I was patient . Assembly took only about 20 minutes . My house has aluminum siding and I live in a heavily wooded area , but I get great reception on all possible stations for my area . I have the unit sitting on a windowsill facing out , as this seems to be the best place , but I get as good reception with the unit on top of the TV with the unit facing the window . I unplugged the amplifier as it did n't seem to do anything , but will try using it again occasionally to see if I more stations have become available . The unit is more expensive than some , but I feel the price is worth it .
 Very nice antenna for urban deflection problems . I found it better than any radio shack TV top antenna .
 i am using antenna to pick hdtv signals over the air . it works well i would like to get another for another tv .
 It did a great job of receiving HD channels , we are 25 miles away from the towers .
 The antenna , while being a bit large , does work rather well . It is highly directional so you will have to move it around somewhat . It is styled well and sturdy . I have it sitting on top of my sat receiver and it looks good where it sits . This antenna , by the way , is built by Winegauard , a longtime American antenna company .
 I currently live in downtown Atlanta , GA where there is a lot of skyscrapers and hills disrupting line of sight signal . This antenna is ideally used where skyscrapers and other interference prevent the effective use of a more directional antenna . This antenna works perfectly in such circumstances . I pick up ever local HD station that I should be able to pickup given my position . Although signal is substantially weaker with rainy weather it still picks up every station . Also if you have the option of installing an outside antenna you should strongly consider it . It is more work , but with much better results.NOTE
 I bought this antenna after reading a lot of reviews and opinions on how to receive an HD signal on my new Samsung HDTV . I ended up with this and have been very pleased . First off , it provides a great signal where I 'm located -LRB- Salt Lake City -RRB- even from my basement . All I did was plug it in and point it toward the HD Towers in my area . Second , it 's small and unobtrusive . Nobody even notices it in my entertainment area . Not having ugly metal `` ears '' is a big plus to me . Third , with very little new HD content being broadcast on cable channels -LRB- the occasional sporting event , premium channels like HBO that I dont get , and shows on Discovery -RRB- , it did n't make sense for me to pay a monthy fee for HD . With a cost of $ 80 for this antenna vs. $ 8/month from my cable provider - I 'll break even in a year on the costs . I do n't plan to get an HD signal from my provider for at least 3 years - ESPN needs to have everything in HD before I pay another monthly fee.Go Get this Antenna !!
 This antenna is the best off-air HDTV antenna I 've ever used because it is the only one that will consistently pick up all of my local HD stations in one position . I can get the following
 This antenna works wonderful in Western PA. . I live in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh , about 15 air miles from town I believe . I receive all of the local channels and even some out of market ones with this antenna sitting in my game room on the lower level . I think about 16 digital signals in all . I have seen others in my area pick up most of these with a much lesser antenna , so this one of probably overkill for my location . None the less , it works well and I have to give it 5 stars for doing its job for over one year now .
 Having used a Terk TV antenna in a motor home , for about 12 years , I was very familiar with the product . When I needed an antenna , to replace the `` rabbit ears '' for the TV , in the kitchen , I saw the possibility of upgrading to a product that would be receptive to the `` all digital '' broadcasts , when they are introduced . Despite the `` ground floor '' location , I have not been disappointed in this product and look forward to many years of its use .
 I have been using this with my 61 '' Samsung DLP for past 5 months . It works great most of the time . I am able to catch most of the channels from Cincinnati as well as Dayton . I get 2 channels each of NBC , FOX , CBS , CW , My Network TV and one channel of ABC . I sometimes lose the CinCW , Cincinnati My Network TV and Cincinnati FOX channels -LRB- specially when my DVD recorder is on -RRB- . Besides that , it catches a bunch of public broadcasting channels and the SD channels which I do n't watch -LRB- except my daughter who loves PBS kids programming -RRB- . One thing I noticed - if my Samsung DVD Recorder is powered on , it loses signal for a couple of channels . Overall , the quality is far better than what I expected . I paid $ 85 for it and at the very least , I am saving $ 6 per month that I used to pay Dish Network for local channels . Plus , I get local channels in HD . I do not subscribe to HD programming from Dish Network .
 I plugged this unit in last night and to my amazement picked around 20 channels . I had to run to radioshack and switch the wimpy data cable it comes with . I bought an rg6 quad shielded cable , ideal for HD signals . After I swapped the cable the picture improved instantly . Add another $ 25 for the cable . I use the antenna in my house and I live 20 miles from the city center.I am using the RCA ATSC11 as my receiver .
 I tried several powered antenna . This is by far the better one . Reception in my home is not too good , but this one works consistantly.Therefore no complain about the product . The packaging for shipping could be better .
 I live in the Detroit Metro area ... fairly close to Southfield where I believe many of the towers are . I have had a very occassional program skip but for the most part this antenna has worked great and HD looks just as good as when I used to get it via cable .
 My room only has one window . It has a non-removable metal mesh , and it is surrounded by trees . I have no clear line of sight to anything . Basically , this is the worst reception situation one can be in . Surprisingly , this antenna is able to pull in NBC , CBS , UPN , FOX , and PBS . FOX and PBS are little shaky , and do n't come in all the time . But all of the shows I watch are on NBC and CBS , which are rock solid . I highly recommend this antenna .
 I did some research and this antenna was the best choice and I do n't regret purchasing it . I got all the channels in both HD and the usual analog . I 'm about 10-30 miles away from the signal . Place the antenna pointing towards the window , and I recieved all the channels . - c
 I live in the Phoenix metro where this antenna should work inside my house , and it does . I have it on a dressor pointed at a window , in the direction recommended for my area -LRB- per the link on the internet -RRB- . Outside of + / -5 deg from that direction , the signal is poor , once at the proper direction -LRB- + / -5 -RRB- , the signal is perfect . However , one channel is sensitive to the height the antenna sits on my dressor - probably due to some local interference -LRB- my wife 's nearby metal giraffe 's probably -RRB- . I do n't watch that channel , so I do n't care . Considering trying it on my roof , but I 'm concerned the clear plastic panel -LRB- what looks like a wire grid on the front -RRB- will age prematurely in the sun . I suspect putting the provided signal amplifier just behind the TV would be very important for such a long run .
 I was n't sure what to get at first , but am very happy with this antenna . The picture is perfect .
 Low profile , reasonable cost . A good fit for close in HD reception .
 I purchased the Winegard Sharpshooter antenna as a somewhat-last-resort for digital TV reception . I had tried a number of amplified antennas , and most of them did virtually nothing or were spotty at best.In every case , a roof-mounted antenna will always be superior . So if an indoor one -LRB- like this one -RRB- does n't cut it , it 's hard to blame the antenna . Basically , it 's purely a matter of trial and error.I live about 15 miles from the tower . In my case , this single tower holds the transmitters for nearly all the stations in my area , so having to re-adjust the antenna depending on the station is n't a problem.With other antennas , I was experiencing pretty severe multipath , which really kills digital TV reception , even in strong signal areas . I experimented with different designs , placement , amplification , etc. . The Winegard grabbed and locked EVERY signal , whereas the others usually picked up only half of them.For those who had problems with this antenna , please consider a few things :1 . If you 're inside a building with a lot of concrete , aluminum siding , lots of steel , or directly behind any structure with these things , there 's NOTHING you can do -- an indoor antenna simply wo n't work . Ditto if you 're in a valley or face directly into a hill . Remember
 I had tried 2 or 3 Terk antennas that claimed to work for receiving HDTV signal , but none of them work for me , I have to adjust the angle and direction for the antenna to make it work . Finally I got this one , and this antenna work , I do n't need to adjust the antenna anymore , and I can receive almost all of the local channels , CBS , ABC , FOX ... But I find out it look the same as the new model from Winegard , I think they are the same thing , even the box of the TERK HDTVLP have mentioned about Winegard technology .
 I initially purchased the Terk HDTVa antenna , and could n't pick up a darn thing -LRB- see my review under that product -RRB- . However , with this HDTVLP antenna , it 's night and day . I now receive 20 stations from both Baltimore and DC broadcasts -LRB- over 50 miles away ! -RRB- It did take me a number of trials to position the antenna so that I could receive all 20 stations at the same time , but I think I 'm finally successful . For me , the Terk HDTVLP worked much better than the Terk HDTVa , like night and day !
 I live in a ground floor apartment , I could not afford cable TV , This ant . pulls in all of the local stations , one of the stations is a little spotty , but the other ones come in good , I did notice on the box that the distance to the broacast antennas are important , If you are more than 30 miles from a broadcast ant , this item would not work , The following chart is off the Terk HDTVLP box , Channels 14-69 Up to 30 miles from ant , Channels 7-13 Up to 25 miles , Channels 2-6 Up to 15 miles .
 I have the Wineguard version -LRB- same unit -RRB- , and after trying 4 or 5 other $ 50 to $ 100 indoor antennas , which I returned , this one is the best . But still misses several channels in urban use , and I bought this online , so I am stuck with it . -LRB- Note that it works perfectly 20 miles further out , in the suburbs ! -RRB-
 I live in the suburbs and I must say . This antenna works awsome . When I got it home , I hooked it up , plugged it in , and turned my new Samsung 30 '' Slimfit in and set it for auto search . I picked up WAY more than I thought I would . Then for HA HA 'S I put it in the Attic and ran a length of RG6 cable to the T.V. . The farthest station I pick up Digitaly is 43.1 miles away . I am able to pick up PBS , UPN , NBC , FOX , ABC . The only reason I am unable to pick up CBS digitaly , is because they are not broadcasting full power , but that 's just a matter of time . I have Directv now and I am going to cancell my local stations and save myself 5 bucks a month . Thank 's Terk !
 best antenna I 've used . I have a huge flying wing one up in the attic -LRB- like 6 feet wide -RRB- , it did n't work well . I 've tried the little triangular HDTV antennas -LRB- the $ 20 - $ 30 ones -RRB- , they did n't work well . This though , it gets all our HDTV channels in with great clarity and it 's smaller than it looks too.SDTV reception is spotty , but who cares ?
 I had a Terk indoor/outdoor antenna installed previously . It pulled in most of the available HD channels , but not all of them . I put it in my attic and got the same performance . I set this one up in my living room and it pulls in all of them . And the closer it is to a window the better it works . It 's an eye soar sitting here though . I want to see how it works in the attic , but have n't gotten around to getting up there in the summer heat . Since it pulls in signals through windows I do n't know if it will work well behind a roof . It 's too unsightly in the living room , so if it does n't work in a hidden spot , I wo n't continue to use it .
 Used this to put a power plug on a pelican case for a custom project , easy job ! Works perfectly with a surge protector .
 I had a Projector screen that the power socket broke in , so i used this to fix it , no hassle
 I own both the SRF-M70 and this new SRF-M75PM . This updated version offers an auto scanning tuner that automatically seeks out the next available station . This is especially useful when your traveling and have no idea what 's on the dial . The only problem I 've had with this unit is the hatch cover for the batteries , keeps falling off . I ended up taping it in place with some electrical tape . Except for this minor inconvenience , the new radio would have gotten 5 Stars in my rating .
 I love it !! Stations always come in clear and It 's small and compact too !
 I got this for Christmas and I really have n't had any problems with the battery cover , although it 's come loose in my gym bag . I 've had a couple of these portable sonys and this fits my hand the best . Best for females hands ! The pulse meter does n't really work too well . Does n't sense your pulse consistently enough to measure it effectively .
 This battery is a replacement for the Canon BP-2L12 or BP-2L14 , both which sell for anywhere from $ 50 to $ 80 . I tested it vigorously , and it lasted over 31/2 hours , and was still going . This is compared to the battery that came with my camcorder that would n't even go 30 minutes . I 'm very pleased with this replacement battery , and will use this brand again in the future .
 The only reason I did not give this a 5 was because it seems loose in the camera , but it does work great , and the price , well , you ca n't beat it . I purchased two of them .
 I needed a couple of back up batteries for my camcorder and could n't pay the premium that Canon wanted to charge . These were teh solution and worked like a champ !! They are n't anything exciting , but they do the job and at a fraction of the price !
 I love this , it is the only battery I use with my camcorder . This has helped me out a lot . If you have a canon camcorder and use it a lot , get this battery . It works great .
 This battery works very well , it is a great buy but most importantly it holds the charge for a long time . I charged it a week ago , have taped for almost 2 hours and it still shows a full charge .
 Fully compatible with my HV30 Canon camcorder , good life , at a fraction of the cost of the Canon battery .
 super value , especially paired with the $ 9 Dekcell Camcorder battery charger . So far have about 20 cycles on it from my Canon HV-20 camcorder . Must-have addition to your camera bag !
 Do n't go shooting without it . The standard battery is good for 20 - -LRB- 30 ? -RRB- minutes max , but this one will record an hour without a break and have power left to review what you shot ! Charges very fast in the camera mount . This is a must have item .
 I got this adapter for my Acer laptop which needed it 's THIRD AC adapter replacement since I got it in 2004 . After the first original Acer adapter failed I bought Targus ones for $ 100 that only lasted me a few months.I have n't had this as long as I 've had the Targus adapters , but so far so good . The only thing is that the adapter is a little loose in the inlet.Other than that , it 's a way better value than the $ 100 Targus ones .
 The product was exactly what we needed . We received it on time . I am very happy with the service and promptness .
 I recieved my prodoct quickly with no hassle . . Thank you!Laptop Charger AC Adapter Power Cord Plug for Acer Aspire 1680300035003600 3680393545204530 4730500050505100 5315533555155520 5530 5530z 5535 5535z 557055805580 z 572057305730 z 5735 5735z 6530692069306935
 Great charger did its job still kicking after a year . Well worth the money spent recommend to anyone who needs a charger . Shipping was very fast also .
 Very neat looking machine ! Works great , owned it for a few years already ! Zoom Feature is nice for widescreen movies . -LRB- When you dont have a widescreen tv like me -RRB- Nice remote also !
 This Projection T.V. Is simply put inone word incredible . The picture is so crisp and clear you will swear you are watching a tube T.V. . If you can find one of these T.V. buy it . There is nothing out there that will match up to it .
 As I had posted before , this thing blew me away . I have had it for 3 months now and am still amaized that it is a rear projection . If you are considering a Vega , forget it , get this set .
 What a great buy ! If you 're in the market for a WEGA T.V or anything over 32 in you have to take a look at this set . I just bought one month ago and it 's been everything I could have asked for . It 's lighter than the WEGA , so it 's easier to move and thinner so it 's better for display . Despite all this it has a bigger screen and picture is great , unless you 're watching 20 hours of TV you 're not going to be able to tell the difference between this set and WEGA ...
 I have gotten several second hand tv 's , vcr 's they seem to never wear out . this is just one of the many reasons that I search out this product and could never own any new ones , but they just keep going and going and go ... who knows maybe this time i can .
 I Like this Sony KP-43T70 43 '' Big Screen TV I Want It I Want It I Want It Pls . Let Me Have My Dream Come True .
 While shopping for a large screen television , I had considered the 32 '' and 36 '' Sony WEGAs . However , this 43 '' Sony projection TV had key advantages over the CRT WEGAs.KP-43 Advantages
 I was recently in the market for a larger screen TV set . The 32 to 36 screen was going to be the perfect size given my family room deminsions . I was considering the Sony WEGA XBR , Toshiba , and Misubishi . Then one day as I walked through one of the retail stores in my area , I saw the Sony 43 ' Rear Projection Set . The compact size , the Larger Viewing Screen , Picture Quality , Enhance Digital Features and The Price , were very impressive . My search was over . It 's been a week since the TV was delivered to my home and I can truly say that it has been a wonderful experience.There are a couple of things to be aware of
 WoW ! That 's what I said when I saw them uncrating this TV on the retail floor . I had completed my purchase for a high end 36 '' tube tv . I went home that evening and called the salesperson to cancel the delivery . I went back to the store the next day and purchased this hot new Sony 43 '' projection tv . It is far less deep , weighs less , and is even .5 '' less wide than the 36 '' t.v. . The sound is great . The picture is great , and it even has a pretty wide viewing angle .
 I just bought this TV about three weeks ago and it has exceeded my expectations . The picture is crystal clear and it can be viewed easily from many extreme angles . In terms of home theater , this model even comes with component video jacks in addition to the composite and s-video hookups . If your considering buying the 36 '' Wega or any other big screen tube TV , take a look at this model and you 'll see comparable picture quality and a lot more screen for the same money and it about 100 pound lighter . If you 're in the market , this one is a winner .
 This is a GREAT TV ! The picture -LRB- depending on source -RRB- is phenomenal . The size -LRB- video picture and physical object -RRB- does not overwhelm you . The TV can be viewed comfortably without being on a TV stand . The design of the TV & remote is excellent . I had an opportunity to view this model in a store , and my eyes were drawn to its picture quality -LRB- and I had to remind myself of its physical size -RRB- . This TV fits well in a room size 13x13 . It can be viewed comfortably even sitting a couple of feet from it . There are five picture modes , 2 of which can be programmed to the viewer 's preference . Because of its size , widescreen movies are enjoyable -LRB- before , when choosing a video as either VHS or DVD , I would pick VHS if the DVD was in widescreen format -RRB- . There are 4 video displays , three of which can be programmed to accept 8 different components.Sony has included a lot of programming choices in this model . Connecting a receiver , VCR and DVD -LRB- and getting them to work -RRB- took about 4 hours . The TV needs to be off when connecting a component . Each component should be added one at a time , rather than plugging & connecting everything at once and then turning the TV on . Apparently the TV needs to ` read ' each component before it 's recognized . The manual was somewhat confusing -LRB- because there are usually 2 to 4 combinations to use -RRB- , but after a component was added you just follow from the previous example for additional components . P.S.
 I just purchased my TV about a week ago . The picture quality is very good , most people think it is a direct TV not projection . The built in screen protector gives the picture more clarity . And the TV definently benefits from a digital source such as satellite tv . Hooking it up is somewhat confusing if you have a number of components . For the money I do n't think you could find a TV of this size with better picture quality . My only complaint is not with the TV , but with the optional matching stand . The stand is pretty much useless if you have more than two components . You can not put two components side by side because the stand is not wide enough . And even after removing the shelf , it is not tall enough to stack components on top of each other . The stand needs to be about 3 '' taller and 4 '' wider . Sony 's designers obvivously did not put a lot of thought into the stand when it comes to function .
 The Sony 43in . projection TV is a good unit to look at . It does seem hard to get , as most TV stores and retailers are out of stock . The picture is sharp , clear and almost at times real . However the picture does seem sensitive to noise -LRB- lines , snow -RRB- . But for watching a DVD or video presentation I can not think of another set I have seen as that is as good . The set is in a nice , compact case , and the cabinet -LRB- extra , fits under the TV -RRB- available has room for a DVD , VCR , Tuner , and Cable Box , making all of those components fit in a neat presentation , without , wires and boxes hanging off the set . I would recommend to anyone who wants a good quality set look into this one , if you can find it !
 I saw it last week at a local retailer , I was ready to get a 36 '' Vega XBR at the Sony outlet store for the same price , then I saw this . The picture is 95 % as good as the Vega , but much more screen -LRB- I watch ALOT of letterboxed movies -RRB- . As soon as I can find it on sale I am getting it .
 My husband and I were looking at 32 or 36 inch tv 's and notagreeing on anything . Then we both saw this tv at the same time . Iwas still a bit leary about projection tv 's but the picture quality is excellent . Even old black and white movies are picture perfect . We are both extreemly happy with this tv . The size is perfect for apartment living . We highly recommend this television ! END
 I just got this and it is incredibly clear ! I thought myself that this was a direct view in the store until I really looked close . The picture is so sharp and detailed . The built in screen saver makes it look even more like a direct view . Channel labels and easy set up make everything go easy . The color tubes will even align themselves at the push of a button ! Put in A Bug 's Life on DVD on this TV and you 'll think you are there . You ca n't go wrong with it .
 I should have gone to you rather than the site posted on Ya hoo.There is no comparison . Fast safe service is what I now know to be your way of doing things . Thank You
 Works as promised ... Flawlessly in Debian Lenny . Works so well I got a second one .
 If you have an unused PCIE x1 slot , need more sata connectors but do n't have anymore , then this is your best solution . Best price on the web too . Thanks Amazon . It works flawlessly . It can also be used with a SATA dvd/cd reader or burner . If you do use it for DVD or CD sata instead of HD 's you may have a problem with freezing at the BIOS screen when booting up or restarting . You need to remove any media that is in the drive if this is occuring . Again while starting or restarting for some reason if you leave a dvd or cd in the drive that is connected through this card , the Bios screen will freeze . So basically if you do use it that way just take out the cd/dvd before shutting down or restarting . Works Perfectly flawless though with two 250GB western digital sata HD 's . I have used many siig products throughout the years and they are definitely one of the best hardware mfg. .
 and it saves me and my nokia 770 alot and boxwave did a very good job
 This case is durable and looks good . I carried my 770 around more once I had this case . It is a perfect fit ! The only thing I do n't like is the belt clip - but this is mostly because of the Nokia 770 's size and not because of the case . I highly recommend this case !
 I like the increased capacity of this battery but it does cause some problems . -LRB- 1 -RRB- You can only charge the battery when it is attached to the PDA . Because it is oversized , you can not fit the battery into the battery charger slot by itself . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I have two different cases for my PDA . Because the battery is oversized , when the high capacity battery is on my PDA it wo n't fit in one case at all . It fits poorly in the other case .
 this product is amazing , starting with the silent 120mm fan pushing air through the psu helps to cool the case , and the thought that was put into this psu , there is a little gromit around the opening where the wires come out of the psu , all the wires have protective sheaths , the connectors are top notch , and on top of it all install is very very simple , and the amount of wire connectors gives you the option of how you want to run the wires ... and the option to ungrade . . or add more components ... as well power levels are rock stable . . no dips . this will be the last psu you will ever need to buy
 Great PSU , good management ... . mine came kind of defective with a little loud sound when the fan spin ... but no big deal ...
 Desde que la instale me ha funcionado perfectamente , estoy muy contento con mi nueva fuente .
 MY PSU FAN IS NOT TOO LOUD LIKE SOME CLAIM IT IS , THE 120MM FAN IS KEEPING MY PC REALLY COLD SO THATS A BIG PLUS RIGHT THERE AND MOVE MY 2 DRIVE BD AND DVD WITH NO PROBLEMS AT ALL+I ALREADY KNEW ABOUT HOW WELL CONSTRUCTED AND THE POWER OF THIS PSU BEEN TESTED BY PRO 'S OVERLOAD AT :700 W + AND THE PSU STILL AT 80 % efficiency CAPACITY ! IN OTHER WORDS YOU GET MORE THAN A 600W PSU FOR YOUR MONEY , THANKS OCZ !
 Installation was a breeze , it came with enough connectors and long enough cables for my mid-range PC , it 's quiet , and I have n't even thought about it since it was installed . Highly recommended .
 I could tell right when I took this thing out of the box it was built well.Very heavy.I use it on a dual processor workstation with 3 hard drives and mega fans connected.This computer was eating up the cheap 600 watt power supplies just sitting idle.I left this one sit for a few hours with a full load when I 1st got it ... works great.Had it for like a year now A +
 This PSU is great it provides lots of power , it is quite quiet and it looks amazing .
 This PSU fit the bill and the rebate did n't hurt it any . Works great .
 I 've recently purchased an NVIDEA EVGA 250 for my computer , an upgrade from my ATI 2600 HD . However , my old power supply was not powerful enough , so I went bargain hunting and found this beauty.At 600W , it 's already more than enough power for casual PC gamers like me . Furthermore , it 's easy to install , silent , and never gives me any trouble ; the triumvirate of perfection for a power supply.If you 're a casual gamer who does n't want to shell out big money for a power supply , this one is it .
 Great power supply with great efficiency . With my kill-a-watt meter , the power factor never seems to go below .98 which means it really is doing its job ! The fan speeds up when it detects heat , and even then it is pretty quiet . I also like that it has 4 dedicated 12v rails that put out 18 amps each!My only gripe is that both of the PCI-E connectors are fed from the same 12v rail , limiting the sum of both to 18 amps .
 I 've owned this about 3 months ago from amazon , now after those months i have to say that this is an excelent power supply , very quiet and stable . Long cables and many connections for all kind of devices . My rig
 I 'm happy with this product , I never tried OCZ before but until now I do n`t have any complaint about its performance and for its fan I 'm really amazing of the low level of noise -LRB- almost nothing -RRB- that it produce ... a good choice for 600W PSU
 This unit works as advertised . It was easy to install . I had to buy a 4 pin molex to SATA adapter because the 3 SATA connectors supplied would not reach all my drives . It runs very quite.It is worth the money .
 I bought this for my main computer which came stock with a 500W psu but I heard the psu had problems so I decided to upgrade . The StealthXStream had good reviews and when I had a problem with another OCZ product in the past their customer service was excellent . This PSU is quiet I ca n't hear it over the fans for my case and the voltage readings are always consistent no matter if I 'm gaming or using 3-d modeling programs.My computer is running an overclocked quad core along with 4 sata hdd 's , X-Fi sound card and an 8800gt as well as a ZeroTherm Nirvana cpu cooling fan along with other miscellaneous parts . Voltages never drop more than a few hundredths of a volt.The original one I bought did give out on me after about 6-7 months and I sent a message to OCZ support explaining what happened and what I tried to do to remedy the problem . They never gave me a run around and sent me an RMA number after a couple days . Sent the RMA unit out on a Friday and had a new one about a week later . All the customer service I have experienced with OCZ has been excellent . So if you 're looking for a company that takes care of it 's customers buy from OCZ .
 I bought this PSU thinking in build a medium to high end desktop PC . I have an ASUS M3N72-D , a XFX GeForce 9800 GT , a DVD burner with lightscribe , a Western Digital 250 GB with 16MB cache @ 7200 rpm , assembled on my new Cooler Master HAF 932 case -LRB- with all of their fans connected -RRB- and my Thermaltake ProWater 850i LCS.And this baby rocks ! , it have enough wattage for all of this and a little more , I think it will support another video card in SLI configuration ! So this is a very good item with a good balance between price and performance.BTW , I put it to work on my house , with an average ambient temp around 33 C and this PSU with it fan keeps cool , and it is really quiet . In fact the fan included with the LCS -LRB- attached with the radiator kind device -RRB- is more noisy than this PSU fan , even the case fans.So I recommend it to buy even with an SLI configuration in mind . Please be careful , I used a 9000 series video card , if you want the GX video cards or similar , you 'll probably need a more powerful PSU . -- Update after 1 yearThis product are working very well . My PC has been worked so fine , so smooth all this time , after 1 year of heave use -LRB- gaming overall -RRB- . No failures detected so far . Definitively , recommended .
 The PSU is well built and the large fan pushes a lot of air to cool the unit while being relatively quite . Their 3-year PowerSwap warranty seems good especially if you live in the bay area close to their office like me.It has 5 legacy molex connectors but only 3 SATA connectors . The main power cable and CPU power cables are somewhat shorter than other PSUs . The PSU in my case is on the side of the I/O slots so there was n't a lot of slack on the cable.One annoying thing about the main power connector is that its made of 20-pin connector along with 4-pin connector similar to other PSUs . The 4-pin connector however , is attached in a very flimsy way to the 20-pin . I had to hold them together carefully while inserting into the motherboard . I 've seen much better designs from other PSUs . However , once in , it does n't look like the 4-pin would come loose.Overall , well built and quite PSU but with some minor oddities .
 Had plenty of connectors and runs great on my Core 2 overclocked w/Radeon 3870 . Noise is not an issue either . Good value for the money .
 it works great and was best price i could find on a 600 watt power supplywould recommend to anyone
 I got this as a refurb unit , I was worried it would n't work . Excellent product . Super quiet , has all the appropriate connections and then some .
 I 've been using this power supply for a couple years now without any trouble whatsoever . It 's a quiet , dependable unit .
 The Discman DE455 is a GREAT CD player that is relatively unexpensive and it takes alot of abuse . My Discman DE455 CD player has been thrashed around in my locker at school and been dropped a few times -LRB- once under a whole bunch of books -RRB- but it still manages to look and play great . I got it for my 14th birthday in April of 2000 , and it still plays as good as it ever did . You really have to shake it to skip , that is a huge improvement over the `` Car Ready '' -LRB- yeah right -RRB- Discman before it . The only complaint I have is the headphones that are provided with it are n't very great . Mine broke a few months after I got my CD player , but that tends to happen with most headphones . If you are looking for a relatively compact -LRB- a little bulkier than the newer models -RRB- , cheap , CD player that works great then pick this up today !
 Man ! I just bought this CD player and it kicks some major butt ! The CD player looks dope and the sound is great ! Buy this player !!
 The toner cartridge arrived on or before it was due and in perfect condition . It was exactly as represented by the seller .
 ORIGINAL TONER CARTIRIDGES FROM HP ALWAYS WORK AS PROMISED . EXPENSIVE BUT MAKES PERFECT COPIES FROM OLDERS HP PRINTERS . HAVE BEST LUCK FINDING HP CARTRIDGES AT DECENT PRICES ON AMAZON.COM .
 I glad I finally bit the bullet and bought an OEM cartridge . I have been using refurbished toner cartridges with both good and bad results . I decided to buy a new cartridge because I was tired of gambling with the quality of my documents and do n't have time to mess around sending poor-quality cartridges back , taking the chance of getting another bad one . For me , the price is worth the quality .
 Not much to say - the product was aas expected , great speedy delivery and would order from them again .
 There was no problem with the order and I received it much faster than what I was expecting . Very good service .
 My dad has been gaga over mac since the original 512k . I used to use Apple all the time . I liked the old Macs , but went to Windows when I entered `` corporate world '' . I got this 12 '' iBook because my Dell laptop SUCKED . It was really heavy , did n't have built in WiFi and I was tired of the spyware and pop ups that made my Dell run so SLOW!I bought this iBook in December and I freaking * LOVE * it . It works seamlessly with my iPod -LRB- which is the best piece of technology I have ever purchased -RRB- . The iBook has a great DVD player , awesome Safari web browser . Ok , the screen sucks , but I can live with that.This laptop is awesome for me . I can do email , surf the web -LRB- wirelessly and with great range -RRB- , work with digital photos , burn CDs , watch DVDs , make music with GarageBand -LRB- cool program -RRB- and video chat . Hey , $ 1,000 is cheap for a laptop that can do all this and is light enough to easily bring anywhere.My only regret is that was a cheapo and I did n't pay the extra money to buy the one with the bigger screen . I know for next time.Hey Apple ... I 'm baaaaaaaaaaaaaaack !
 this is my second review on this laptop . I have always admired apple , just for their customer service their stuff and their hardware . When I first recieved an ipod mini , I just had to discover what other things this so called company Apple made ... It just so happens that I 've had my ibook for almost a year now and I really really like it . The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because i think it could be much better if it were faster and had more RAM . I 'm actually gon na get more installed in about a week , I 'll update my review then . But yeah , the ibook is great for anyone who just needs a laptop do do schoolwork on create music , listen to music . My job actually requires that I do much more demanding things with music files , so I might just get a faster powerbook intstead . But if u do n't need fast and the furious , I totally reccomend the APPLE IBOOK G4 ! Its great !
 i loved my iBook . its clean and easy to use . there are no popups when surfing the internet and no worry of getting viruses . the only drawback i can think of is the iDVD which is locked to your preferred region . i hope they had it in multiregion so i can play all regional dvds.but overall this is a good buy . if you 've tried mac you 'd never want to go back to Windows .
 I got this little Ibook , and I did have very high hopes ... I did buy a referb , so I was worry 'd about the shape it was comming in.I got it sent to my work , and so many people were LIKE WOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!! the Ibook only had a few little scratches and after using it the mac os , is different from windows but not as much for me because Im used to LINUX.my USED battery is lasting about 4 Hours , with my useing the IM - chat program andsurfing the web , so I am 100 % happy with my price and the Ibook.-Robert , Brand
 Simply , I could not ask for a better computer . I have the 12 '' and am completley satisfied with the smaller diplay .
 I have been a diehard Windows user since the 3.1 days and never imagined in my wildest dreams I would ever own a Mac computer . Well , after seeing them firsthand when I used to work for CompUSA , I finally decided it was time to switch . I am SO glad I did ! I had the IBook out of the box and online in 15 minutes ! It took Windows that long to boot up and start the configurator ! OS X is very easy to navigate around that , aside from a few growing pains , I have been able to navigate like a pro . I do miss the scroll button on my mouse , though I can live without that . I love the sleep mode !!! When I first heard of it , I had my doubts knowing how it never worked on Windows machines , but after having my IBook almost a week , I have n't had the need to shut it fully off yet . I close the lid and come right back where I was ! I know some people take this as a canned motto , but it just works ! I tell it to do something and it does it ! That 's exactly what I expect out of my computer ! Battery life is excellent and the built in Airport Extreme is faster I think that hardwired broadband internet . Purchase this notebook and you will not be disappointed !
 After reading all of the reviews I have come to the following conclusions .1
 This is the fourth mac that I have bought . I started with a mac SE in 1987 and have never turned back . Historically , I have always had PC laptops for work so can move back and forth . This is my first mac that serves as a work machine . It has performed flawlessly for two years . Since I am a managment consultant , I worried that there would be some business application that would not be compatible with a client . The only issue I had was translating a document from WordPerfect to MS Word.I added 1MB of internal RAM which was a nice thing to do , but not necessary for ordinary use . It helps with big MS PowerPoint files . Two years ago , 30 GB seemed like plenty of memory . However , after 3,500 photos and ripping my CDs in lossless format , that was not the best decision . I reformatted the music into AAC and cleared sufficient space to keep operational . Because it is so easy to back up to an iPod . That has become my primary back up.The only complaint I have about the iBook itself is now when I see the new machines and am tempted to buy one , I have absolutely no reason to upgrade . It is a great little machine.Ariel BlairThought Catalysts -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I really love this laptop . It 's small and sleek and very light . I recently brought this laptop on a trip with me and just slipped it in a protective sleeve and into my carry-on tote bag with my other electronics . It also fits well on your seatback trays as opposed to some of the bigger laptops , especially in those tight airline seat spaces . Play CDs , watch DVDs and play any electronic game you want on your flight . The battery is generally good for 3-5 hours depending what your running.I 've always had Macs as a personal use computer and was really debatiing getting a regular PC since like most people , I use Windows in my workplace . However , after seeing this one in a store and then the great deal I could get from Amazon with a -LRB- ... -RRB- rebate and 2 day shipping through my membership in Amazon Prime , it was a no brainer decison to continue my loyalty to Apple computers.Of course it includes all the perks , like most Mac packages do and is up to date technically including cellular connectivity if you choose . Please note you need to purchase an AirPort Express Base Station and an AirPort Extreme Card to use the cellular feature . This Mac model does not come with the AirPort Extreme Card installed.All in all , you really get a lot of bang for your buck with this product !
 Just upgraded from a old slow Performa 6360 on 5/25/05 to this new OSX monster and am so glad I made the move.The good about this ibook1 -RRB- Tiny2 -RRB- Super fast and super light ! 3 -RRB- Sleeps and awakes almost as fast as my PDA ! No PC laptop can boast about this ! 4 -RRB- Boots up almost as fast as my PDA5 -RRB- Really stable os . Much superior to os 9 and Windows6 -RRB- The color is nice7 -RRB- CD-RW and DVD rom drives -LRB- Something my old Performa lacked -RRB- 8 -RRB- USB 2.x ports9 -RRB- Built in wi-fi . The next generation of Internet access ! 10 -RRB- Tiger seems to be able to open about 90 % of my old classic apps .11 -RRB- Much more I cant think of right know!However there are some gripes , but these gripes can be expected with such a low end machine . But needless here they are.The bad about this ibook1 -RRB- Lack of a built in mic port2 -RRB- Lack of a built in IR port3 -RRB- Lack of bluetooth4 -RRB- Hard drive is way too small5 -RRB- Internal mic is not the best6 -RRB- No PCMCIA card slot7 -RRB- Not much software or hardware on the Mac market and often companies dont make their mac versions as fancy as their PC counterparts . This is a major gripe that I have with Logitech which has put far less effort into their OSX QuickCam software than that of Windows or even their old , old quickcam mac software from the 1990 's ! I have other gripes that I cant think of just know , but the gripes pale in comparison to the many advantages.John
 Apple never cease to astonish its consumers . As if the former line of iBooks were n't good enough , they upped the ante with this new holiday line.The new 12 inch model is the most appealing of all , mostly because of its low price
 I just got my iBook less than a week ago , and let me tell you , I wonder how I did without it ! It is one great notebook . I 'm a recent convert from P.C. to Mac and I 'm still learning this operating system . I ordered my book from the Apple Store with 768MB RAM and 80 GB on the hard drive . I 've paired it with the airport extreme base and the wireless mouse . What a cool feeling to be able to surf the net from the comfort of my bed and anywhere in my home ! The display on this baby is gorgeous , and watching DVDs is a blast ... I originally wanted to get the 14 '' because I was used to that size screen , then thought it might be a drag to carry around , but now I do not regret my decision to get the 12 '' , because it works very well for my purposes . At under 5lbs -LRB- 4.9 to be exact -RRB- it is very easy to handle on the go and it takes up considerably less space than the 14 '' . I really enjoy being able to access the net from my favorite cafe and when I 'm in school . The OS is very nice and it 's a relief to be free of pop-up ads and the blue screen of death . Apple provides great customer service too . Since I 'm still learning a lot from this new animal , there 's not much more to say now . Finally , this is one gorgeous little machine ! I 'm extremely pleased with it and I ca n't imagine anyone having regrets who buys this book . Now , if only I can get my hubby away from it ...
 Okay , all jokes aside . This Apple ibook is really one of the best purchases that I have ever made . I had a Compaq Presario 2500 with an 80GB Harddrive , 15 '' screen , 64MB graphics card , 768 MB RAM , with wireless internet and a 1400 by 1050 resolution . This Apple ibook beats the pants off the Compaq in almost every category .1 -RRB- Price
 The iBook G4 is simply awesome ! I am/was a windows fan , born and raised . I had expience with Macs and promptly labeled it as the stupidest operating system ever . -LRB- I mean come on no rightclick ? -RRB- Although as I began my quest for the perfect laptop I soon found apple 's iBook with amazing reviews . Still , undaunted by the good reviews , I searched Dell , Sony and all the other Windows laptop makers . Oddly all the Windows laptops I found for $ 1000 were HUGE , ugly , and had very little memory . To even find a good laptop you would have to spend an upwards of $ 1500 . I finally , with tail between my legs purchased the iBook , promising if it sucked I would return it . I soon found the Operating system to be clear , and easy to understand ... Even for a Windows user.The iBook is another Home run from Apple . It 's sturdy white biuld is perfectly Fung Shui and stylish . I would reccomend upgrading the memory for $ 75 . This laptop simply has the most bang for your buck , and the new operating system Tiger is a great freebie as well!I found no problems with the operating system , installing the programs , or iDVD . Ths computer rocks !
 This little computer is so nice ! OK , I did ugrade the memory , it was cheap , and worth it , since I use some pretty large spreadsheet in my work.Why is this computer so nice ? Well , it is quite cheap , it is lightweight , it is attractive , and it does all I want it to do ! I think I was one of the first to buy one at my university , University of Alaska Fairbanks , but now they are everywhere ! I think it is the most popular model on campus . Let 's face it
 I 'm not going to repeat everything that is already in other reviews , but it is all true . Everything about Mac is amazing . But I have had my iBook for a year now and it is still running exactly the same as it was new . Which is expected , right , but what you should know is that 2 months after I got my laptop , it fell off the top of my car going 45mph around a curve -LRB- yeah , I know I 'm an idiot -RRB- . But regardless , I had a thin slip case on it but that 's it . The computer was also in sleep mode , was n't even shut down . I got it and there was a couple small nicks but I opened it up and it woke up immediatley and started going just like always . I know this would n't be the case for Dell 's , cos I dropped one of those at work once at 0 mph from a couple feet and it was completely ruined . But just thought that would be important for people to know . Switch to Mac , unless you need high-powered office software , get a Mac . They 're not really more expensive because you do n't have to be anything extra when you get it , everything you need comes standard and is more integrated into the system and therefore works faster . Swith to Mac .
 I really enjoy this new 1.2 GHz iBook from Apple . The system is snappy , even with a 4200RPM drive installed . I did a custom install of OS X to remove the extra printer drivers and languages , thus saving space on the 30GB hard drive.The unit came with 50 % in the battery . I worked on running it down to 0 % so I could put a full chrage and calibrate the battery . It took quite a while before I could wear the battery out ! I look forward to seeing how long it will last.The screen is super bright to me , in fact I have it turned down to about 60 % as that is more comfortable to me . I love the small size and the 12 '' screen is n't too small to me . I 've installed an extra 512MB DIMM to bring me up to 768MB . OS X is clean and smooth . I love how when an app needs your attention , the icon just bounces in the dock , it does n't jump your attention to that mis-behaving application like Windows . Reminds me of a bratty kid that wants mom and dads attention RIGHT NOW , LOOK AT ME !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- With the rebate currently be offered , and the sub $ 1000 price for this unit , it 's the best bang for your buck . I 'm going to try and use it to learn the Mac platform and a very reasonable price .
 This machine is not only beautiful , its so user friendly . I have no complaints about it aside from the fact that -LRB- and I bet this happens with any laptop purchase -RRB- the software that came installed on my computer took a bite out of my hard disk space -LRB- I paid for 30 GB and was left with 18.85 GB -RRB- . But aside from that , my display is wonderful , and from the moment I first turned it on I was automatically in love . This music started playing and this cute animation came up welcoming me to the wonderful world of Apple -LRB- but not in those words , of course -RRB- . i 'm a graphic designer , so this is the perfect machine for me . Even with my 256 MB Ram that came with my machine its clean and smmoth sailin , although I do plan to upgrade it to like 768 MB when I get the chance . But this is definitely worth the 999.99 I paid for it . Not to mention the Airport Extreme that was included , giving me wireless nternet connection wherever it available . Great for those chilly nights when you end up hanging out at Starbucks or wherever . If you are reading this review in order to buy this computer , plase do , you will NOT be disappointed .
 The iBook is simply cool . Period . It 's a great little package and even the power supply is a pleasant alternative to `` the brick '' of PC laptops . It was easy to set up , recognized a wireless network without any problems and was up and running . Apple finally caught up and added scroll to the touchpad of the Power Book but apparently does not plan to add it to the iBook . There is only one mouse button leaving this PC user always wanting to right click for context-specific menus.Wireless range was surprisingly poor compared to two HP laptops and data transfer speed decreased dramatically as the signal grew weaker . The cool , click and lift keyboard provides access to check the wireless antenna but that does not help the range and speed problems.Base memory is adequate but run an MS Office app and it grinds the drive like a Bunn coffee grinder . Bump up the memory by at least 512MB . Printing is still the Achilles heel of Apple . The company has always sought to do cool graphics but printed output is still an afterthought . Printing on a Win network creates problems . It can see printers andinstall them but it can not access them unless they have an IP address . Shared printers accessable on a Win network will not work with an Apple . If that is not a concern , this is the machine for you . If you must interface with hardware on a Win network you might want to reconsider.Apple is still very parochial and tech support backs up when they hear that there is any hardware other than Apple being used . Blaming printers , routers , etc. , is not very helpful.Despite these drawbacks the iBook is still cool and a great starter computer . The price with added memory brings this entry level comptuer up to the price point of a near top end PC . Battery life is as advertised at nearly six hours of realtime use with wireless networking in use and the computer barely gets warm . No PC can match that without a bag of aux batteries . The iBook is worth its premium price just for the `` cool factor '' and it will be up and running quickly .
 i just got this computer today june 15 , 2005 its absolutley amazing everything spectacular i would highly recommend this computer for students . It never freezes up . No virus or spyware this computer is great but windows has alittle more options but this computer is very good . Its better than my dell d600 laptop which has 512mb 30gb also 1.6 ghz processor and it dosent even come close to this ibook this is GREAT
 This apple is the best in the whole wide world ! It never crashes!Seriously ! My friend was at a convention , and they were going to pay ANYONE 10,000 to hac in a mac . NOBODY could do it!Plus , the ibook is so well designed!When I take it out of its bag , you wo n't even begin to believe the stairs that I get!I love that Apple pays attention to detail . When you close the ibook , it automatically goes to sleep , and it dosent hurt anything . You can leave it asleep for weeks if you wanted to ! I wish I could use it at school . But I ca n't . I am actually typing this right now on my ibook.It 's got great features.I purchases this apple , because I was tired of my PC failing all the time.I was tired of it.Who cares what your friends think . Buy yourself a mac !!!!!! -LRB- I got mine on Ebay , brand new , for $ 860 -RRB-
 Pro 's : Great screancan hold 1.25 GB of ram.great sizegreat for microsoft office , dreamweaverbattery life is goodCon 's : sucky trackpadthere needs to be in other colurscould be a little thiner
 I was wondering about words like `` crash ' . they seem like a bad memory after I stopped using a Windows based suite of desk and laptops three years ago . I normally changed - had to change - my laptop every year but I can not see any need for this at the moment . The iBook is a superb workhorse used for e-mail at home and at hotspots every day . It is by my side at all my lectures used to show DVD and CD ROM MOV files from my research , and for preparing reports . Finally I enjoy it for watching DVDs on the train . I will for safety sake get another in a few weeks because I need to ensure i have a back up in case it gets dropped or stolen . the older iBook will then go in for a well earned servicing which it has never had in 3 years .
 Overall the iBook is wonderful . The only computer I 've owned was the Mac 512k back in 1985 . Since then I 've worked on various pc 's in corporate america . I struck out on my own just recently and needed to purchase a computer and decided on the iBook for several reasons ; price and the stability of the OS . I like the iBook 12 '' but it 's taking some time to adjust to it . My previous pc was the Toshiba M100 and it costs roughly twice the iBook , so keep that in mind . The factors I 'm adjusting to are : * The iBook is 4.9 lbs , which is pretty light except when you 've been carting around the 2.5 lbs Toshiba . The Toshiba does this by having a shorter battery life and no built in drive . But now the iBook feels like it 'll throw out my back when I carry it around . * I 'm disappointed with the fit and finish of the iBook vs the Toshiba . The edges are a bit sharp and I 'm getting used to the less precise feel of the track -LRB- mouse -RRB- button . Also I 'm afraid the white surface of the iBook will show dirt and stains more easily than the black and sliver colored surface of thee Toshiba . * Someone told me that I 'd miss the right click button . They were right . * I also need to get more RAM because the iBook is very slow with just 256k . Originally I was going to get an additional 256k but now I 'm leaning twards 512k or 1meg . My gut reaction is that chosing an Apple computer was the right move vs a pc and that it 's just a matter of adjusting to the new OS . But I really wish that the Apple OS could be installed onto non-Apple machines .
 I am a long-time user of Apple products but have got to say that I am so happy with my recently purchased iBook -LRB- 12 '' , 1.2 GHZ , 256MB RAM - Upgraded to 768 - running Panther 10.3.8 -RRB- that I can not be thankful enough.I was a Windows user for many years - since 3.1 - and the comparison between even modern windows machines -LRB- I purchased a custom Dell laptop recently for a boss and had to set it up for him so I have a very good comparison point -RRB- still comes down to the blessing that Apple is the designer of the hardware and OS . The integration is seamless and powerful and using OS X is a breeze . I have never , using OS X since it came out , had a `` crash '' or the blue screen of death . Never had viral problems . Never had worms . Never have to deal with any of that craziness like spyware that many novice windows users believe is ` normal ' for using a computer.I converted a company that had 10 PC 's and 2 Mac 's to become an 11 Mac and 2 PC office . It happened naturally as many of the other `` power users '' got sick and tired of having to have I.T. come out to support them or having to spend many hours on the phones with tech support . That is simply not part of living with a Mac.This Mac is speedy , very simple to operate , the wireless is a wonderful thing - never having to make settings on it is the bomb !!! I can go anywhere - for instance , on Friday to Panera Bread - and if there is wireless it will automatically ask if I want to join and it remembers the network so that the next time I am nearby it is already logged on by the time i 'm opening it . Cool.OS X is very well integrated with the computer . And having an OS that is UNIX based -LRB- `` under the hood '' -RRB- has opened up the doors to tens of thousands of shareware and free programs that are wonderful productivity tools - available out there for you to download.Cannot say enough about it . As to using in an office - where I used all of my Macs until recently - it works perfectly on a windows based network and with MS Office other people hardly ever even know you use a Mac . Ha ha . Also , do n't forget , there are some AWESOME alternatives to MS Office on the ` net for FREE - yes , FREE.Apple 's new iWork setup is perfect for a home or small business user . Many people would be better served spending the $ 79 on this package than the $ 300-400 for MS Office because Pages is simple to use and has great templates - and it can save easily to PDF or DOC or other formats to share with Windows . Keynote , Apple 's version of PowerPoint , is beautiful and very easy to use and has many transitions that are much nicer and more professional looking than PPT has.So , overall , i 'd say if you 're trying to decide on a laptop that you will be happy with the iBook model here . I have had another iBook and loved it and was thrilled to upgrade to this beauty . I know i 've got many years ahead that it will work great -LRB- another wonderful Apple trait is that you do NOT need to get a new machine nearly as often as a PC because OS updates and changes work great several generations back - I have several `` old '' macs running OS X Panther just fine , thank you -RRB- . Go for it ! You will not be disappointed !
 I received this laptop for Christmas . Once I saw the packaging of the box I thought ooo Apple . Once I turned this laptop on it was obiously built for regular people . This laptop was a snap to setup . It took me about fifteen minutes total . I recalibrated the laptop then it was ready to go . I strongly recoend this computer . It has many high qualities such as size , screen , airport extreme built-in , and the applications . I hope if you get this laptop you will be as impressed as me .
 iBook 12 '' is the best value for your money notebook . If you ever wanted to switch or try Mac OS X this is your chance . at $ 1000 this little notebook does wonders . I have been a Windoze user for the past 8yrs and coming back to Mac has been the best thing I 've done ! The OS is so stable and user friendly its amazing . No spyware/virus/trojans / etc. . . to worry about on the Mac OS X -LRB- not yet at least -RRB- and the Safari browser is wonderful as it blocks 99 % of pop-ups and is fast ! As for the specs of the 12 '' model its great for someone just coming into Macs . The 30GB -LRB- its actually 27GB -RRB- HDD is small . You wo n't be storing many movie files -LRB- iMovie/iDVD -RRB- so if you plan on doing ANY video editing this is not the notebook for you -LRB- look into the 14 '' model w/a Super or the new Powerbooks with the super -RRB- . You can store music files , regular apps but nothing major . You MUST upgrade the RAM to at least 512MB total . Things will run a lot more smooth if you do . 256MB is decent but it gets choppy at times . For an all around computer this iBook 12 '' is perfect . The screen size may turn off some people but its sharp as can be . The portability factor is a plus as its thin and lightweight . If you plan on storing lots of huge files , video editing , playing graphic intensive games , photoshop , etc. . . this may NOT be the right notebook for you . But for an overall everyday computer this will be for you . If the screen size turns you off you can always hook it up to an external CRT with the included adaptor.This is a very good notebook and for the money its a bargin hands down for an Apple ! Highly suggested .
 I use my iBook all day every day . It 's a great little machine.Since I work on it all day , I got some extra RAM to make it run faster , and handle more open applications , and recently upgraded the OS to the latest , Tiger . My iBook been a real pleasure to use , since I switched from an HP with Windows XP . It took some time , but I found replacement apps for all the apps I 'd used in the PC world . I got it for a steal , using multiple rebates .
 I was thinking about buying a mac for a long time . Finally after many discussions with collegues and friends I bought this computer . . and now I have just one word
 Into my encrypted wireless network on first try.Used it as a DVD player on long trip - stick in a DVD and it plays on its own just like it should.Booted pressing `` T '' to startup as a firewire disk and transferred everything from my old G3 in very little time -LRB- and that was running the old OS -RRB- . Yes there are cheaper non-Macs but if your time has value then this thing catches up pretty fast .
 When you 're a grown-up , `` toys '' include notebook computers , and this is a honey . Between the combo drive and the built-in WiFi antenna , you 've got just about everything covered , everything you 'd want to do -LRB- homework ? No , watch a DVD ! -RRB- is wrapped up in one tight little package , and it 's fast enough to run OSX , which is the best OS I 've ever used , and I 'm old and crusty . Battery life is always an issue with any notebook . And it 's usually overstated . I 'd look into buying a second battery if I were you.I 'm a dedicated Apple user , and I 'd say that this notebook is a tremendous value !!!
 Let me begin by saying that I 've never used an Apple before . Been a Windows user all my life . I was in the market for a laptop and was looking around . I had many choices lined up
 Here are the reasons to buy this laptop :1 . It 's gorgeous ! - Best looking laptop I 've ever seen .2 . Price - Amazon 's price -LRB- ... -RRB- is the best price you 'll find on any brand of laptop with this quality build in a thin/light laptop .3 . Solid - very solid construction . No creaks or rattles . Very well made .4 . Worry free - no viruses , no spyware , no freezes .5 . Easy - very intuitive and simple but powerful to use.I LOVE IT !!!
 What a great product . I have had this notebook for over a week and will never buy anything but a Mac from now on . Great graphics , speed and a great platform!What was I thinking when I purchased my pc 's ? The only con I can come up with is the small keyboard and compact keys can be diificult to type on but I guess most laptops are the same.I used my Amazon charge and got $ 30 bucks off and also a $ 100 rebate ! so it was a no brainer!Bottom line , buy this laptop !
 you need to try this computer , it 's great ... this is my 2nd apple , and I am very satisfied ... I had a 15 inch apple , but bought this one , because it 's size is more ideal for traveling . . I 'm glad I bought it at amazon , for their FAST free shipping , and with the rebate , this is the place to buy the 12 inch Apple Ibook ...
 I 've always been a PC person , but became interested in an Apple after purchasing my iPod . This is one of the best decisions I 've made . No crashing computers , no viruses and almost idiot-proof !
 I ordered this version of the iBook G4 -LRB- 12 '' screen , 1.2 GHz , 30 GB hard drive , 256 MB RAM -RRB- because of a variety of reasons .1 . -RRB- I wanted extreme portability , and purchased this because of the compact size and light weight of this notebook . Not only is it compact , but it is durable too , as the outer casing is made of a sturdy plastic and the frame is a strong , durable , aluminum .2 . -RRB- I wanted the ability to access wireless hotspots while traveling , and/or around my home and office . The built-in Airport card allows me to do just that , with exceptional range .3 . -RRB- I was tired of using the Windows interface , and wanted an operating system that is easy and that logically made sense . This iBook came with Mac OS X Panther installed -LRB- Edit
 Alright , I should first mention that I do n't actually own the 12 '' iBook G4 , but I have owned the 933mhz 14 '' iBook G4 for a little over a year now . I just decided to post a rave review for the iBook G4 series in general , and I feel that the new 1.2 ghz 12 '' iBook is the greatest deal for anyone looking for an affordable notebook computer.For the first computer purchase I ever made with my own hard-earned money -LRB- and for my first mac -RRB- , I could n't be more pleased with the iBook G4 . I remember looking around at a number of PC notebooks that had similar , or even `` faster '' specs , but decided to fork out a little more for a piece of equipment that oozed quality . I also just wanted to try a new operating system -LRB- Not that I particularly dislike Windows , but I find it kind of boring and it makes me feel like I 'm doing tedious office work . -RRB- . I 'm not sure if I need to talk about the iBook 's design , it 's obviously the best looking notebook out there -LRB- besides the Powerbook -RRB- . Looks aside , the casing is extremely sturdy . The media drive is slot loading , and the Airport Extreme network card tucks discreetly under the keyboard . This creates a seemless look with no protruding accessories sticking out.OSX Panther -LRB- loaded w/iLife -RRB- is a joy to work with - so much easier , more stable and more FUN than Windows . `` Entuative '' ' is the word I 've often heard about Apple products , and there 's a reason why.I ca n't claim that I run my computer as hardcore as others , but I do load up and run Photoshop , Illustrator , GoLive and Reason regularly without a hitch . I 've had very minimal , if any , problems with programs freezing or kicking me out . In fact , I 've only had to call Apple 's Support once so far -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- , and that was to replace a rubber foot.Alright , I could go on forever about my iBook . The point is , it just works and I 'm now a diehard Mac convert because of it -LRB- recently added iPod as well -RRB- . To me , the PC world now just seems unstable , stagnant , and bloated out . Maybe you can save a few bucks with a PC by constantly reading computer magazines and updating anti-virus programs , but I 'd rather spend my time being productive and enjoying my iBook !
 Really enjoying this IBook . It 's small and very light . I just took it on a trip and was glad to have it with me . Mine came with a built in wireless card and I was able to utilize wireless hotspots on my trip . Watched a DVD on the plane and listened to some tunes with ITunes . Do n't be fooled into thinking a 12 '' screen size is too small -LRB- everyone seems to want larger these days . The graphics are really sharp . The battery has been lasting about 4 hours . Best of all I got mine through one of those Offercentric sites . My friend received one that way , so I signed up . -LSB- ... -RSB- Enjoy !
 I made the leap back to Mac with the 12 '' iBook . I read the reviews and talked to many people about it before deciding on the exact model . I decided to get 60GB harddrive and add 512 MB of RAM . I 'm sitting in a hotel 3000 miles home working on my thesis ... this computer rocks ! * Back for an edit * ... I was definately afraid of having to learn a whole new system - it honestly did take a couple of weeks to get used to , but that 's it -LRB- and I 'm not a computer person -RRB- . They 're right , the mac system really is more intuitive than PC . I 'm done with the thesis and now am as fluent with mac as I was with PC . I do recommend buying additional RAM , although I think the G4s come with 512 MB standard now . A bigger harddrive is only necessary if you fall in love with your mac and never want to turn on your PC desktop again -LRB- like me -RRB- . Never gone wireless before ? Oh you will ! You 'll be busting out your cool little iBook at every coffee shop , library and airport ... then your wireless house !
 This laptop is so awesome . Infact , I 'm using it right now ! I 've had if for about three months now and have had hardly andy problems with it ! When you buy it you get the newest system , Tiger on it and it has lots of new things ! The computer also comes with appleworks , itunes , garageband , ical , imovie , iphoto , idvd , and much much more . Also , there are widgets
 I 've owned my ibook for over a year , and here are some of the most important points :1 . My ibook almost never crashes . It has crashed once in over a year of constant use , and I was using a Microsoft program at the time . : - -LRB- 2 . My mac does not get viruses/adware/spyware , and I can quietly chuckle whenever anyone tells me about their virus/adware/software problems .3 . I 'm so tired of hearing people say that mac 's do n't have viruses because there are less of them . IT 'S NOT TRUE -LRB- and even if it were so what ? I 'll go with the less popular , but definitely more secure option -RRB- . The reality is that apple does not allow programs to install on the root without the user entering a passward . So everytime you download a program that needs access to the root you will be asked for your password . You can however download as many files -LRB- anything that requires another program to run it -RRB- without entering your password -RRB- . Viruses need access to the root of your computer , so on a mac you would have to be stupid enough to enter your password to run a virus .4 . Things really are easier on a mac -LRB- and I use a PC at work , so trust me , I know -RRB- .5 . The iLife programs are beautiful . You can organize photos , download tunes , create music and movies with a simplicity that is amazing . Nothing even comes close on a PC.Read the reviews . What a great computer .
 I will keep my trusty athlon xp because everyone knows the best games are on PCBut my apple Ibook is a great little machine . For the same price , a comparable Windows Laptop has a much worse battery life , and all the security holes to go with it . I enjoy the built in air port extreme.With that said , I believe this is the best laptop of it 's class .
 Seems like ages ago that I bought this machine from Amazon , though it was the summer of 2005 . It represented the vaunted G4 processor , previously available only on Powerbooks , which had sold at a 60 % to 80 % price premium to this iBook . Well , the cheaper iBook proved to be more attractive in many ways than its expensive predecessor -- trimmer , lighter , and faster than the Powerbook I 'd purchased only 2 years previously . But the build quality and attention to details were not up to the Powerbooks . Within a year , the letters began rubbing off of my most used keys , and the keyboard became so loosey-goosey and rickety-sounding that it was no longer a pleasure to use the darn machine.Having dropped and totaled my latest , a Macbook , I 'm forced to return to this beaten-up baby , but it 's going to need a new keyboard . And I 'm going to have to make some psychological adjustments not to feel consigned to the dark ages . -LRB- The hard drive is listed at an unbelievable 30 Gb of memory -- less than that once you 've factored in onboard programs and applications -RRB- . Nowadays that 's considered minuscule even for a cell phone , iPod , or jump drive that you carry on a key chain ! -RRB- But face it , we 've gotten a bit silly about technology -- as though we 're all that happier because gadget makers announce amazing innovations every 6 months , making us wonder if we should trade in our flat screen which has 720 pixels for one that has 1080 , even though to the naked eye they usually look the same.For a couple of hundred bucks , this is n't a bad pick-up . The battery is almost as good as those currently used by Apple , and it heats up to the same degree as my recent Macbook -LRB- but much less than the old Powerbook -RRB- . Just remember not to store your entire record and movie collection on it . Try for one which has already had the keyboard replaced , or plan for that extra expense -LRB- and persuade the seller to knock off a few additional bucks -RRB- . And best not drop it -LRB- but better this than one costing between 2 and 3 grand -RRB- .
 First lets start by saying that I am a very conscientious consumer . I research stuff over and over before I consider buying something . I like to know that I am getting a good value for my money . I use Amazon and epinions to help reaffirm some of the decisions I 've reached , and usually the other consumers on there reach the same conclusion I have . I can honestly say I spent many a night on Amazon reading other customer reviews.Initially I was interested in getting a notebook , not necessarily an Apple . I started doing my research , and started to realize that many of the options that I wanted , and that most consumers would want , are available on the ibook , and for much less than the competition . Everything about the ibook is very practical , and I 'm a practical person . I will break this review down into some key segments.User interface and comfort
 The iBook is really the best way to get started in Mac ownership . It represents everything good about Apple hardware
 The new 12 '' iBook has everything you need in a super-portable laptop . It 's 20 percent faster than the model it replaces and 20 percent cheaper , with a hundred-buck price cut and wireless networking included.The iBook features a brilliant , small screen , 4 + hour battery , 4.9 pounds , an array of fast ports , industry-leading styling and the best repair record in the industry , according to Consumer Reports . Reliability and service is especially important with temperamental laptops . Apple laptops also never come with the cheap integrated graphics you will find on similarly priced PC products.There also are the usual MAC bennies
 My old laptop was a Compaq Presario 2100 . It was getting a bit on the aged side so I decided it was time to upgrade.Mac or Windows ? Stupid question . I made the leap and got a Mac , a 12 '' Ibook to be exact -LRB- upgraded to a 60Gb hard drive and 512Mb of RAM -RRB- . I 'm happy to report that I 've been addicted for close to three weeks.What I love :1 . Clean , elegant design . The slot-loading drive is mucho cool . And the Ibook 's quiet . Very quiet .2 . 4-5 hour battery life , consistently . I watch a DVD and still get 2 hours more of battery life afterwards . Cool ! My old Compaqs never got more than 3 hours when new . -LRB- My Presario 2100 , was getting 1 hour 30 max on a full battery by the time I sold it . -RRB- 3 . OS X Tiger . Tiger 's way ahead of WinXP . No question about it .3.1 Eye candy wise , it 's stunning . -LRB- I like the way program icons on the dock jump up and down when they 're trying to get your attention . That 's attention to detail . -RRB- 3.2 The lack of borders . This is probably eye candy as well . But I love how , when you open a web page in Safari or play a video file using VLC Player -LRB- if it 's not on full screen -RRB- , except for the bar on top and/or the scroll bar , there are no other frames . I have n't seen that trick in XP .3.3 Expose . I love the way you can call up all your open windows by pushing F9 to get a look at exactly what 's running . I love that you can hide all your windows at a push of a button as well .3.4 Dictionary . I have n't had much use for the dictionary . But , I have to say , the idea that I can push a combination of buttons and immediately get a definition of an unknown word on a webpage or an open document is way cool .3.5 Dashboard . Ok , ok , Konfabulator has been doing this for a long time -LRB- and , truth to tell , Konfabulator 's widgets are a bit cooler - but not by much -RRB- . Here 's the big difference though . Dashboard and all the widgets you want are free with your Ibook . Konfabulator is a $ 19.95 value.What I like -LRB- warning , based on hearsay for now , that 's why it 's only `` like '' -RRB- .1 . No spyware , Adware and very little viruses . As a long time Windows user , I 've gotten used to having Adaware , Spy Doctor , and Norton Anti-virus running in the background . OS X does n't have the same problems -LRB- or so people say -RRB- . Here 's what I do know , I 've still to see any unwelcome pop-ups when surfing with Safari . -LRB- But , I have to admit , spyware still scares me and I 'm not entirely sure OS X is completely immune from spyware . -RRB- 2 . System stability . I have not had my Ibook long enough to make a statement of fact.What I do know , however , with Windows - and this covers XP , ME , 98 and 95 - I 've had to wipe my hard drive and do a clean install at least once a year because Windows simply stopped working . -LRB- btw , in neither of those cases was it a hardware problem . The culprit was always Windows . -RRB- I 've heard no such horror stories with regard to OS X.What I hate .1 . This remains true - lack of software . Yes , there are literally thousands of Mac titles out there . But , unfortunately , it will never be as numerous as those available on Windows . -LRB- I have not seen Half Life 2 for Mac , for example . -RRB- On the other hand , if you know what you want -LRB- and need -RRB- and it 's available on the Mac , who cares , right ? 2 . OS X and Windows XP do n't work together as well as advertised . For reasons unclear to me , I have been unable to get my HP printer -LRB- connected to my Windows desktop - I am not completely free from the Microsoft monopoly -RRB- working wirelessly with the Ibook . -LRB- I had no such problems with my old Compaq laptop . -RRB- And I 've had problems with WPA and WEP wireless security as well - this time on a Linksys WiFi router also hardwired to my desktop .3 . Apple is more expensive -LRB- though this probably has more to do with the price-gouging practices of authorized Apple re-sellers where I live than with Apple itself . But I do wish Apple would impose a bit more price discipline on its authorized re-sellers - at least to the extent it can legally do so . -RRB- Still , all-in-all , for beautiful design , the Ibook stands up very well indeed against all , except the most elegantly designed Windows laptops out there . -LRB- And even then , those elegantly designed Windows laptops are probably hundreds if not thousands of dollars more expensive than the Ibook . -RRB- More importantly , OS X beats the pants-off WinXP any day of the week , including Sunday.So what are you waiting for ? Get a Mac already !
 I got my iBook about a month ago and I love it . I 'd previously had a Mac in college and had been using a PC because of work for the past seven years and I 'm no beginner user - fluent in just about every type of software out there from Office applications to video/audio programs . After years of blue screens , 2 hour calls to Microsoft support , and unexplained program crashes/freezes , I am SO glad I went back to Apple . The iBook has been an outstanding reintroduction.For those of you worried about going back , I 've found no problems with compatibility in transferring documents back and forth , the OS environment is very intuitive and takes little extra effort if you are familiar with Windows.The iBook itself is a great value . The 1.2 Ghz processor sounds small to Windows users , but it buries my old 2.0 Ghz Pentium3 that had 3 times the RAM of my little iBook . The screen is sharp and impressive , the battery life is good -LRB- not quite the 6 hours advertised , but a solid 4-4 .5 hours -RRB- , its incredibly portable , the full-size keyboard is easy to use , and I 've easily integrated the iBook at home for the full desktop experience with a regular monitor , wireless mouse , and external drive -LRB- to make up for the small hard drive -RRB- . Having to buy Microsoft Office was definitely a negative of the iBook , but it was definitely worth the extra cost . And the iLife , iTunes , Quicken , and basic software included with the iBook is all really great . Best of all - it never crashes !!! I 've gone back to Apple , and I 'm never going to stray again . I only wish I 'd gone back sooner . Get an iBook . You 'll love it . Its like getting your first computer all over again .
 Having last owned a Mac about 10 years ago -LRB- Mac Classic in college -RRB- , I 've been eagerly looking at the platform since the release of OS X. I 've recently switched both my home -LRB- eMac -RRB- and mobile computers -LRB- iBook -RRB- to Mac , and do n't intend on ever going back.The iBook is a great value -LRB- especially if you are able to get the Amazon rebate -RRB- , and is a very complete package . In has pretty current hardware -LRB- 1.2 Ghz G4 works great for most all current apps , but upgrade the RAM ! -RRB- , great functionality -LRB- small and compact with no edges to snag your clothing or your backpack , 6 hour battery life , built-in 802.11 g wireless networking , great included iLife apps -RRB- , great Apple industrial design , and a great operating system in OS X Panther.Another truly great feature of the Mac notebooks is its sleep mode . Close the lid and the computer goes into power-saving sleep mode , where will happily sleep for days and days without using up the battery -LRB- I do n't remember when I last reboot or shut off my iBook . -RRB- Open the lid , and it is awake and ready to go in a second or 2 . Windows notebooks have this feature too , but my last couple of notebooks always end up crashing or locking up -LRB- 1 was Windows 2000 , the other was Win XP Professional -RRB- , preventing me from using this feature . My understanding is that they take up more juice in their sleep mode as well , so they ca n't be used like the iBook - I feel completely comfortable putting my computer to sleep for the night without the power adapter.Finally a comment about the Mac platform . Switching to a Mac is not as ` traumatic ' an experience as is made out to be . Web , email , photos , music - all these applications are cross-platform and interchangeable between Windows and Mac users . Microsoft Office is almost completely cross-platform compatible as well . I also had a pleasant surprise the other day when I logged onto my Windows network at work with my iBook , with NO CONFIGURATION necessary ! -LRB- when they set up the new network , an admin had to spend about half an hour on each Windows PC to make different necessary changes ! -RRB- I do n't know how that is , but within 5 minutes I was copying files from the network servers and printing to a network printer .
 I have used Macs since 1990 -LRB- Classic , LC , original iMac , cube , Powerbook 140 -RRB- . This model replaces a G3 Pismo -LRB- 400mhz -RRB- Powerbook that I bought when the 1st Titanium Powerbooks were announced . The Pismo was getting a bit too slow for my needs -LRB- especially ripping CD 's & multitasking -RRB- . Computers are always being upgraded & become obsolete very soon & I try to hold out as long as possible before upgrading & usually buy the most recent previous model when a new model is released -LRB- because of the price reduction -RRB- . This time , I decided to `` take a step down '' -LRB- from a Powerbook to an ibook w / smaller screen -RRB- but buy the newest version of a model that 's been on the market -LRB- I like to avoid buying the first iteration of a brand new model -RRB- . My decision was based on the fact that I often thought about dragging around my laptop with me -LRB- I like to bike instead of driving -RRB- , however the thought of lugging it around -LRB- because of its weight & size -RRB- usually ended up making me leave it at home . So when this model was upgraded to 1.2 GhZ -LRB- & wireless built in -RRB- and -LSB- . . -RSB- offered a $ 150 rebate , I jumped.My initial observations after having it a week ? It seems to me like this was my smartest computer purchase to date & I think it 's probably the best computer value for the money of any type -LRB- PC/Mac , laptop/desktop -RRB- ever offered to date . I paid over $ 3000 for the Powerbook 145 in the early 90s , over $ 2000 for the Pismo in 2000 & now $ 850 for this laptop which is lighter & has many more features & better software than those previous models.I really do like the more compact size of the 12 '' model than my 15 '' PB . Portability/Lightness & longer battery run time are more important to me than watching DVD 's or editing documents side-by-side -LRB- that 's why I have my 23 '' cinema display at home -RRB- and I do n't need to use Final Cut Pro . When I take a laptop with me , it 's usually for basic Word documents , email , internet surfing , ripping CDs & downloading pictures from a digital camera . The improvements in processor & bus speed in this model over my Pismo are very noticeable . While there is less screen real estate , new features in OS X make this less of a problem -LRB- Expose & the ability to instantly hide & switch between desktop applications -RRB- . This laptop does feel pretty durable & looks great out of the box , though I can see the white surface getting scratched/marked pretty easily , particularly if you use it a lot . It also attracts a lot of dust & dirt -LRB- static cling -RRB- . I had initially stayed away because of reports of latch problems , but it looks like this version has fixed that . The screen sort of hovers slightly over the keyboard when latched -LRB- & 2 small rubber feet keep it from touching -RRB- & it opens up to fall behind the main section -LRB- so that it does n't catch . Getting all the features into such a compact form , though , does have a price . I noticed that the airport signal sometimes drops from 4 bars to 3 , despite the fact that I have n't moved my computer -LRB- my Pismo always maintained full strength with the slower wireless card -RRB- . While the computer is great , it is n't perfect . Some differences -LRB- in using cheaper parts -RRB- are noticeable from my Pismo . I installed a 512 MB RAM stick , -LRB- which was n't too difficult -RRB- & noticed that the ibook 's keyboard is cheaper/flimsier than my Pismo . Trying to remove it was a bit difficult -LRB- only because it feels like it could break more easily & the space in which it fits is much tighter -RRB- . Also , the speakers are much cheaper & sound like it . The hard drive is only 4200 RPM & I was planning on replacing it with a 60 GB/7200 RPM model , however looking at what this entails -LRB- taking the entire laptop apart -RRB- , I 'm contemplating taking it in to have it done -LRB- I 've done all my upgrades myself to date -RRB- . The touch pad also seems a bit more sensitive -LRB- my mouse will often pop around on the screen when another finger might accidentally touch it while scrolling -RRB- . The only other downsides so far ? Only one Firewire port -LRB- 400 -RRB- . This makes it difficult if you want to use an iSight camera or an ipod or an external firewire drive . You 'll have to plug & unplug devices & ca n't keep 2 connected unless you get a hub -LRB- which you 'll have to carry around -RRB- . The Pismo had 2 & because of it , I gravitated towards Firewire devices -LRB- over USB -RRB- . While Apple did upgrade the USB ports -LRB- 2 -RRB- to USB 2.0 , the only Firewire port is at the slower speed . Apple seems to be dropping the ball on Firewire for some reason ... maybe they 're no longer going to support it ? Initially it was a better choice over USB -LRB- faster & the ability to power external devices -RRB- , so it 's too bad.Also , Apple has changed the installation disks that come with computers . This model comes with 10.3.5 -LRB- no more classic/OS 9 -RRB- and the disks will only work for this model -LRB- previously you could upgrade all your computers to the newest OS with a new computer 's installation disks -RRB- . But OS X has been around for a while now & has improved quite nicely since its infancy . The entire `` i '' suite -LRB- iTunes , iPhoto , iDVD , Garage Band , iCal -RRB- , a basic Text editing program & Appleworks -LRB- which really has been neglected for a while now -RRB- & Quicken 2005 , along with games & Utilities come bundled with the OS ... and the manual ? Get online & access Apple 's support site or other Mac sites for help , they 're far more informative than the booklet or the OS 's Help system .
 I had a 15 '' Dell Inspiron laptop that just went out of its extended warranty , and I wanted to buy another laptop on MY terms , rather than scrambling to get a new one when something bad happened to the Dell . When I saw the price of the 12 '' iBook and looked at the included programs , I realized that the iBook is the perfect laptop for me .1 -RRB- I am always on the run . The iBook is light and tiny . It 's a pleasure to carry about , much easier to actually use on my lap than my Dell was .2 -RRB- I do browsing , word processing and desktop publishing , mp3s , and digital photo tweaking . That 's pretty much it . On my Dell I had a hodgepodge of software that did n't work together . The iBook 's iLife suite of software works together and is included along with Appleworks with the iBook at no extra charge . You can get a cheaper PC , but honestly , I do n't think it 's cheaper once you factor in the software you get and the quality . You are not getting a cheap processor like a celeron and a dumbed down OS like XP home.I am not saying that macs are better than PCs . I like my Dell fine . I am just saying that for the average computer user who needs a laptop that packs maximum value for the money in a small package , you ca n't beat the iBook .
 This iBook is a beautiful machine . Nearly everything about it is solid and well-designed , from the location of the ports to the mechanism that opens and closes the screen to the feel of the keyboard when you type . The screen is very clear for a 12 '' laptop and the sound quality from the tiny speakers is perfectly acceptable by the standards of any other laptop . And best of all , the battery is good for about five hours of use.The white plastic case is not as flimsy as it looks -- it is in fact quite solid . My only complaint about the case is that it stains easily.I received my iBook on a Friday , turned it on , and it immediately detected my wireless network . I had to do nothing in order to get online . It took me two days to get my Debian Linux and Windows XP PCs to find the same network.The OS X user interface is very intuitive , especially for an Apple novice like me -LRB- I last used an Apple product about 15 years ago -RRB- . The free `` Quicksilver '' product extends the functionality of the Finder such that all you need to do is type the first few letters of whatever you are looking for , and it will find and open it for you . Having struggled with the various incarnations of Windows for the past decade , I 'm especially glad to know that OS X is Linux-based . The hard drive is only 30 GB , and you 'll fill that up quickly . But you can always buy an iPod , or even better , you can get an external FireWire hard drive for $ 0.70 / GB on which to store your media.I do n't know why you would pay twice the price for a PowerBook just to get twice the hard drive space and an aluminum case . The iBook is a killer deal -LSB- ... -RSB- . If you 're in the market for a good , solid , easy-to-use notebook computer , the iBook should be at the top of your list .
 I have had this notebook since November of 2004 , right out of the box anyone switching from a P.C. desktop or notebook , will notice the trackpad is sluggish and not very accurate . I called apple and went to the apple stores , everyone told me this is how the trackpads work for apple machines , even the desktops with mouses are like this -LRB- I thought my trackpad was broken -RRB- They do n't use the current mouse or redwood software , you have to find a free shareware named sidetrack , this will allow you to calibrate the tracpad to your liking and enable the side and vertical scrolling . -LRB- this is for those individuals who thought they could n't get that option with apple notebooks -RRB- and you should upgrade the memory from 256 to 512 at least . -LRB- ... -RRB- The notebook itself is very nice , heavy compared to P.C. notebooks with the same size , but the material is much better and more sturdy with the ibook . Fast procesor , nice bright backlid screen and terrific battery life , I get an average of 4.5 hours or normal real time use -LRB- unlike P.C. notebooks that advertise 3 hours , but in real time use , surfing the web , typing , they end up low on power in 1 and 40 minutes -RRB- I mean why advertise you get 3 hours but only if you leave it on and do n't do anything with it . I guess that is where apple came up with their 6 hours for the ibook on their website . Get this notebook if you travel and need word documents , spread sheets and internet . Do not get it for games -LRB- since Macs do n't get any and if they do , they are buggy -RRB- This is a very nice notebook , great for students . Hope this review was helpful
 This laptop is very user friendly , and an enjoyable peice of equipment . The battery life isgreat , as well as memory capability ; however the price is too expensive . I got my laptopfor FREE ! Just paste this site in your address bar , and have fun with it ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I do not yet own an iBook but I am learning video editing on an iBook and I like the Ibook . I will be getting an iBook soon and am exicted to learn how to use a Mac.Pros1 . I hear it is easyer to use an iPod with2 . Faster on the internet3 . Less virus prone4 . Editing softwares availableCons1 . If your used to PC hard to learn2 . Dose n't have a right click on the mouse3 . Dose n't have the built in scrol on the mouseSo i do like the iBook !
 Ok so I am not accustomed to the MAC world but I was so sick of Microsoft Windows . I work with them at work and had a laptop at home with Windows . This laptop kept crashing and I kept losing valuable work . I decided to buy a new laptop . What to buy ? I talked to my brother who told me that if I wanted my money 's worth , I should purchase the Apple laptop . One of the best advice I have gotten so far.First , Amazon delivered the laptop quickly and at a reasonable price . Since it was my first time ever viewing a MAC computer , was I impressed with the graphics and cool sleek design of my laptop . It was easy to install but then I got stuck . Having been a Microsoft user all my life , going to MAC is like an outer body experience -LRB- well , not really -RRB- . I decided the only way to learn the MAC was to buy a manual so again I went to Amazon and purchased the Missing Manual for MAC OSx ver . 10.3 Panther . Once I get through my manual , it is just a matter of time before I learn the ins and outs of MAC.For a beginner , I can say this , the graphics are cool , the MAC/Apple runs faster than your average laptop , the Safari -LRB- a tool for Internet -RRB- is an awesome tool and surfing through the web is much smoother and you do n't have to worry about viruses -LRB- yuck -RRB- and lastly , I love the sleep mode on my Apple . At the end of a long day with my beloved iBook , I just want to close my computer and go to sleep and that is exactly what I do . If you ever have to run out the door , all you do is close the lid and go , no more Start , Shutdown and then the long silence that ensues while you wait for Windows to close all your programs . Now if that is n't cool , I do n't know what is . The only problem that I am having with the iBook is learning to adjust without the backspace key , but I 'll live.I could go on but I think I have covered everything .
 Many said the transition from Windows to Mac would be too difficult but it was the exact opposite . Mac OS X is easier to use than windows and the computer runs excellent . The design is absolutely beautiful and I will never go back to a regular PC .
 Anyone who knows Macs knows that this is a good machine . Much more than adequate for non-power users . My only disappointment was that I was concerned that a 30GB hard drive may not be enough . It would , but it came with nearly 15GB already filled . If you need hard drive space , get a bigger drive .
 With the switch to Intel processors coming in the next few years , I decided on buying the least expensive Apple laptop . For the money , it is a lot of computer.When I got the machine I upgraded the RAM to 512MB , as 256MB does not run OS X well . -LRB- I 've just heard , by the way , that 512MB is now standard in these computers . -RRB- The keyboard is great , and the trackpad is far superior to my old clamshell iBook . My screen is fine with no dead pixels , and I also like the small size of this machine . Smaller screened laptops with slower processors generally get better battery life , and after getting an average of 4.5 hours per battery in my old iBook this has a lot to live up to.I bought an external DVDRW drive for this computer since it does n't have an internal SuperDrive and am happy I did , as it saved some money and allowed me to get the 12 '' display . The other accessory I recommend is a Griffin iMic interface . It 's a USB device that allows a microphone to be connected . The lack of the microphone jack is my only real complaint here , and they perhaps could have put one in if they had gotten rid of the 56K modem , which is something many users will never use.With enough power for almost anyone , this computer figures to be my primary machine for the next few years , as I will be on the road quite often and will be away from my iMac more frequently than I will see it . Based on the few worksessions I 've had with this machine , though , I may not even miss the iMac .
 I just have to say that I do like this notebook and I enjoy using it . Personally I do n't know a lot about computers I own a Dell desktop and I taught myself how to use it . I am finding that the transition from using a windows pc and a mac is not very difficult at all , most things work similar if not the same . I purchased this ibook so that I would be able to have a portable word processor and it does that . I 've read reviews were people have said that it does n't have enough ram , mb , gb etc. but just because most notebooks have more that does n't mean that this one does come with enough , all I know is that it does what I want it to do and that it moves ten times faster than my Dell desktop . Now when I use my Dell I am so annoyed by how slow it is since I 'm use to using this machine . The only problem I have is that sometimes when I am typing somehow my words end up moving to another area and I do n't understand why that bugs the H.E -LRB- double hockey sticks -RRB- out of me . I also bought this machine because I like the way that it looks . Sounds shallow , so , I like pretty things and this machine has a beautiful infrastructure . I 'm so tired of seeing the start menu on windows machine the icons and etc. . The outer aesthetics are gorgeous too . There 's nothing wrong with appreciating pretty things .
 I am absolutely in love with my iBook . It 's got great battery life , is lightweight , has a beautiful screen , and the OS is wonderful ! I highly recommend getting the 60GB hard drive and at least 512MB of RAM . This makes things run smoother . I love the wireless ... I can go anywhere and get connected - unlike any PC I 've used , where it 's difficult to figure out how to connect to the WiFi . I 've used iTunes for a while , but I just started using iPhoto , and it 's easy to use . Just a couple of minutes and I had it figured out - I ca n't wait to see what else it can do!I use a 3-year-old 15 '' PowerBook G4 at work , and I was concerned I would be disappointed in the 12 '' iBook screen , but not at all ! For everything I need to do , this laptop can handle it . I have never been so excited about using a computer , and I 've never been so interested in learning more about what it can do.As far as the OS goes , if you 've used a PC all your life , as I have , OS X is easy to get to know . An hour or so , and I was moving through it easily . Things are named a little different -LRB- `` Get Info '' on the Mac as opposed to `` Properties '' on the PC -RRB- but things just work better in OS X.I highly recommend this computer , and I recommend the AppleCare , too . I 've not had to use it yet -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- , but it 's smart to have coverage . For those people who rated the iBook badly , I figure either they had a stroke of bad luck , or more likely , they 're anti-Mac and wanted to have a bash session . Either way , I 'm trying to convert all my friends ... they do n't know what they 're missing !
 Ok i 've gone to the apple store I 've read reviews online and now i 've decided to purchase the apple 12 '' apple ibook . I initially wanted the 14 '' just beacause it comes with the superdrive . But personally I prefer the 12 '' because of it 's portability . I decided paying $ 500.00 more for the 14 '' ibook just because it comes with superdrive really did n't make much sense . I do n't understand why people always say that apple computers are much more expensive than windows computers I did n't find that to be true . To me they were more reasonably priced than most other notebooks . I also like th apple design . The only windows based systems that look almost as good as apple computers are SONY and they are rediculously overpriced . I do n't know a whole lot about RAM and MB but I 've been reading up on it and I hear a lot of people say that the ibook does n't have enough . But I doubt that will be a problem for me since I only really bought it to have a portable wordprocessor . I also like that it comes with lots of software and garage band and a built in mic . Basically I am just tired of seeing the windows infrastructure . I see it every were at school at work etc. . I wanted something different . So basically I bought the ibook for it 's looks and portability and because it has a good rep. I got mine for $ 900.00 and if I had gotten a windows based computer for this much it would have been low end probably celeron computer . So anyways I 'm happy that I bought it .
 I received my new iBook just over a month ago , and in that time , I 've experienced very few problems - the ones that did pop up were extremely minor , and had more to do with the software than the computer itself . I ordered my iBook with 512 MB if RAM and 60 GB of hard drive space , and these extras are definitely worth the money since having only 30 GB could fill up very quickly . My only complaint about the iBook so far is the fact that it gets warm with extended use , making it somewhat uncomfortable for me to place directly on my lap or to touch for very long - but that aside , I 'm enjoying my new laptop very much , and would recommend it to anyone looking for a new notebook computer . This is my very first laptop and I could n't be any more pleased !
 I work with Mac OS X in my school , and I have found it to be very good ! It is very convenient and easier to use than Windows -LRB- I 'm not saying Windows is bad -RRB- . I can write essays , get pictures , and go on the internet without being confused.The iBook is no different than An iMac or eMac . I can do anything I want and store it anyplace since it is so compact . You can also have good functions on an iBook and it will look styling.Tip
 This is a great computer . Sure you can get a laptop cheaper , but it will run windows ... who want 's that ? Apple has a great machine here . It 's fast , portable , and it just looks cool . Get the 512 upgrade though ... you 'll use it !
 I just got them three days back and I have to admit I like these a lot . First , from a design perspective they are just COOL . When all the other noise cancelling headphones -LRB- at least the good ones -RRB- are big and bulky , this one is easy to handle and use -LRB- behind the neck design -RRB- and it folds away for storage . The sound quality is good but can not be compared to my Sennheiser HD-500 headphones . The noise cancelling function needs a AAA battery and does a good job -LRB- not exceptional -RRB- . I tried them while mowing my lawn outside and they worked pretty damn good . All-in-all I am gon na be using these all the time when I am not at home since they are not as bulky to carry around as my Sennheisers . Recommended .
 These headphones delivered exactly what I expected from a $ 41 set , good sound but lacking in the noise-cancellation department . The fabric cord with an extension piece is nice and the design makes it fun to wear . The switch for noise cancelling on/off is well located as it does n't take up room on a seperate piece or on the cord and the foldable design makes the headphones relatively easy to transport with big pockets . Basicly , everything one can expect from Sony for $ 41 . -LRB- Since flying with them I would change this to a 3 review ... they just did n't deliver much with the noise cancelling .
 I would n't say I 'm 100 % satisfied with the product . But Here are some Pros & Cons , I hope you find it helpful.Pros.Long and flexible cable -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- Stylish -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Portable -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- Noise Canceling -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Cons.Low Volume -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- Battery Life -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- Durability of the headphones -LRB- 3/10 -RRB- Bass response -LRB- Suxx -RRB- I am thinking really hard to return the item but I will give it a trial for couple of days before I make up my mind .
 I 've had my headphones for a couple of month now and am very satisfied with the sound and quality . The noise canceling is a little weaker then other Sony models I 've tried . They are very lightweight and have excellent sound quality . I would recommend them . They are a great value for the price
 These phones are quite good.You just have to know a few things : The sound weakens and the cancelation is not for extreme uses.But if you use them in riding on a bus like situations , they will be great.Especially if you use them with an iPod . That 's a good combination , because the sound is comfortable -LRB- excellent bass performance , not annoying ; good meds , good highs , but a very clear all around -RRB- and the cancelation does n't make you dumb as it is with other phones.Give them a try and you 'll be more than pleased . They are for listening music from a powerful source , and that 's how they pay fair .
 this is wonderful . . i have had this for about 1yr and it works great . must for any traveller
 its nice , but i just have little disapointed about its volume -LRB- its not high enough -RRB- Actually it 's fine
 The product works as very well . It covers the iPod in excellent fashion . It works best if you do n't have to make quick adjustments to song selection or volume because flipping up the cover causes the headphones to unplug . But most of the time it is a solid cover with a skinny belt clip .
 I really like this iPod carrying case as my iPod can be removed from it very easily . The cover also acts as a stand .
 This was just what I needed at a great price ! Very happy with this product .
 We bought this unit to use in a church . it 's been great . it 's quiet , it does what it should . it 's a little dim for a brightly lit auditorium like ours , but it does the job well for what it cost .
 I got the 276c for my truck and boat . I love the portablility of the unit . Rather dissapponted , however with the basemaps.Adding the auto kit has breathed new life into my GPS . The beanbag mount is very sturdy , the new maps are quite detailed and the data card allowed me to upload way more maps that I 'll use in the near future.I did n't think I 'd ike the voice prompts , but I got ta admit - it 's kinda cool : -RRB- I found it a little cheaper online , but three times -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- there were issues with filling the order . Amazon shipped that day , and I got it two days later.Do yourself a favor - buy the auto kit , and buy it from Amazon . Saves time , tax and headaches .
 This is another product that displays the Garmin marketing scheme -- sell a bare bones base unit and then get you with the accessories that you really need . If you have any intentions to use their GPSmap 276 or 376 on the road , this kit is a mandatory buy . Otherwise , the 276 or 376 can only really be used on the water . The bean bag mount is okay , but the swivel does n't provide the ability to tilt backwards , so it does n't work if the unit is below eye level . Take a look at the Lowrance Iway 600c , all the automotive pieces come in the box .
 You can try to buy this stuff separately , but you wo n't save much money . Would be nice to get the 512mb data card though , as the 128 mb one simply is n't big enough with the latest maps sets . The power cable connector may come apart with heavy use , treat it carefully , but the speaker is loud and easy to understand . The dash mount is ok , but the 276C is a heavy unit and the sticky back mount may not stay put long . I used the marine mount to put mine in the truck , more secure and a bigger surface to double face tape to .
 My art school using these and I bought one from one . It keeps work in progress well organized and holds it tight enough that pastels do n't smear .
 Received my RAM in 3 days , excellent service . Good memory for the price . Do not notice any speed difference between high priced RAM ... Highly recommend
 Ok , here is all you need to know . I plugged these in to my work machine which had 1 gig pre-install , and then it had 2 gigs after install . They are stable and quick -LRB- limited by original DIMM at lower speed -RRB- . Ca n't beat the price !
 Kingston is a very good company who makes reliable , trustworthy RAM memory . I like the low-profile design of the sticks . This particular product performed great in my older Gateway workstation -LRB- motherboard uses a Pentium 4 , 3.2 GHz Hyper Threading CPU -RRB- . This RAM kit -LRB- I say KIT because it comes with two identical 512MB sticks of RAM -RRB- runs at 533Mhz -LRB- 667MHz capable -RRB- in my motherboard vs the 512MB of 400MHz RAM -LRB- 2 sticks of 256MB ... also 240 pin DDR2 , of course -RRB- that was installed . I removed the slower RAM so that the system did n't auto-adjust the speed and end up setting the new RAM in sync with the older , slower RAM -LRB- yes , two different speeds = slower speed used for all -RRB- . . And yes , I have 4 DIMM slots -LRB- or 2 Dual Channels , meaning 2 SETS of RAM slots for identical pairs -RRB- , even though 2 slots total is the standard . I then added an additional 2GB -LRB- 2 x 1GB 667MHz DDR2 kit -RRB- of Crucial -LRB- ALSO very reputable -RRB- that I found -LRB- in a kit -RRB- for a total of 3GB , which is close to the limit . 3.5 GB is the limit in Windows , unless you 're using a 64 bit version of the operating system . This says nothing for Linux -LRB- and all it 's tasty flavors -RRB- , which is a great operating system , lately -LRB- very easy to install -RRB- ... So even with 4GB , my -LRB- Windows -RRB- operating system would only recognize three and a half . With 3GB RAM , my system is running much smoother ... If all this confuses you , then I recommend going to crucial.com from the computer you intend to upgrade and find the Crucial Memory Advisor -LRB- tm -RRB- tool . Click on `` scan your computer '' at the bottom of the window that contains the advisor . And remember this :1 . There are different generations of DDR -LRB- or double data rate ... the new standard -RRB- memory . There 's DDR1 -LRB- simply referred to as DDR -RRB- , DDR2 , DDR3 , DDR4 , and DDR5 -LRB- I believe DDR4 and 5 are used primarily for high end video cards at this time - late 2010 -RRB- . Find out -LRB- for SURE -RRB- what generation of DDR RAM you are using , as the different generations are not compatible with each other . The memory stick would not fit in your machine . .2 . Rather a memory stick be too fast , than too slow . example
 Threw it in , fired everything up , more ram . 15 minutes to better performance , just what I expected .
 When I bought my LCD TV , I paid a fortune for an HDMI cable at the retail store . Stupid me , I should have known better about the outrageous markups many retail stores put on video accessories . Recently , I bought several of these cables at a fraction of the price I paid for that first one , and I used them to connect a Blu-ray player , an Xbox360 , and an audio/video receiver . Even with the high shipping cost , these cables are much cheaper than I found elsewhere . And they work just fine.Remember , HDMI cables transfer digital info -- they pass bits , not an analog signal -- so , basically , they either work or they do n't work . You 'll either see the complete picture and hear the audio , or you wo n't -LRB- if the cable is defective -RRB- . These are not like analog cables where cheaper , poor-quality cables can result in a poorer picture or sound . So if you get any HDMI cable that works , you wo n't get any better quality by paying for more expensive HDMI cables . Reviewers that say they see a poorer picture with cheaper HDMI cables are fooling themselves and do n't understand digital vs. analog .
 I just got this cable to hook my XBox 360 up to my new 42 '' Phillips LCD . I was a little worried at first that I was n't getting what I needed , but was right on with it . The 1.3 a Category 2 HDMI cable is definitely the way to go . It 's amazing to see how many places are charging $ 40 - $ 50 for the same thing so they can put a popular name on it.I got this cable while playing Fallout 3 and immediately noticed the difference in the small detail and sound quality . Not sure if I would pay what others are charging for this cable , but for $ 3 and $ 3 S&H ; YOU CA N'T GO WRONG !
 I would recommend this HDMI cable to everyone . The screen is perfect , you do n't need to buy any costly HDMI cables . Just buy this cable you wo n't regret .
 These cables are great !! The quality is excellent and the price is definitely right . Looked at several other cables before I found these and other than being 30-50 times more expensive , there was absolutely NO benefit in using the name brands .
 For the price , this item ca n't be beat ! The 1080P picture and HD sound are fantastic ! No need to buy $ 100 Monster Cable , this works the same .
 Using these cables for my ps3 and they work great . I have a samsung tv and i get amazing picture quality . Do n't hesitate cause of the price the cables do the job !!!
 I bought a 37 '' LG about 2 months ago , and got this cable because I do a lot of gaming and watch movies and I could n't be happier . Why anyone would spend $ 40 + at the store for the exact same thing is beyond me .
 i have not purchased this product , but i would like to clarify something . i have read all of the 1 star reviews , and most of these people do n't have 1080p tv 's , they have 1080i tv 's . huge difference.In 1080i each frame of video is sent or displayed in alternative fields . The fields in 1080i are composed of 540 rows of pixels or lines of pixels running from the top to the bottom of the screen , with the odd fields displayed first and the even fields displayed second . Together , both fields create a full frame , made up of all 1,080 pixel rows or lines , every 30th of a second.In 1080p , each frame of video is sent or displayed progressively . This means that both the odd and even fields -LRB- all 1,080 pixel rows or pixel lines -RRB- that make up the full frame are displayed together . This results in a smoother looking image , with less motion artifacts and jagged edges.in summary . 1080i is still high quality , but it is viewed in a more efficient way , making it not as good . but there is a clear difference . for 1080i tv 's , get a category 1 cable . end of story .
 It 's an HDMI cable . It does what it 's supposed to do . No problems.It 's cheap ... but it 's just a cable . Reccommended .
 As a technolgy genius , I ca n't scretch enough about not buying overpriced cables.HDMI is HDMI , if there 's any fault or error in the cable , it was start to produce `` noticeable '' picture problems , so its even yes or no.Don ' t worry about mbits of speed , because like I say if its not giving you the full 1080p speed it will start to produce error.Comparing a 40 $ HDMI cable vs 0.20 $ HDMI `` that works correctly '' will have the 100 % exact same result .
 This cable works great used on my dvd player with easylink to tv . audio and video work right from the start no problems like other cables.Only knock i have is with the description , it states is Xbox 360 compatible , but can not use this directly with an Xbox 360 . You have to buy a Xbox Specific cable , not a so called compatible one .
 This product is really a steal ! i love the fact that i can this kind of quality at this price !
 I WAS LOOKING FOR INEXSPENSIVE HDMI CORDS FOR MY PS3 AND MY NEW HD TV . . WELL EVERYONE TOLD ME U HAVE TO GET MONSTER CABLES THERE LIKE 50 $ $ $ BLAH BLAH BLAH ... !!!! WELL I FOUND THESE AND THOUGHT HEY THERE CHEAP SO IF THEY DONT WORK OH WELL . . BOY I WAS WRONG THEY ARE GREAT . . THE TV IS AMAZING AND THE PS3 GAMES LOOK SOOO GOOD !!! . YOU DO N'T NEED THOSE OVER PRICED MONSTER CABLES . THEY SHIPPED TO ME FAST . . I EVEN GOT THEM EARLIER THAN EXSPECTED . -LRB- I KNOW I WAS CHECKING MY MAIL BOX DAILY -RRB- . I WILL DEFINATLY BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN !!!! THANKS GUYS !!!
 I was looking around for HDMI cables and found they ranged from a meager 30 dollars to well over 200 ! When considering this purchase I could not fathom paying as much since unlike analog signals , HDMI is either On or Off . Meaning that gold plating , braided wires , or the usual bells and whistles you 'd get do not do any good . It either works , or it does n't . Upon seeing this cable I snapped it up and it has worked FLAWLESSLY since that day , over six months ago . And considering how much I use it , it was honestly the best couple of bucks I ever spent ! I even tell people the shipping was more than the cable ! AWESOME ! - Adam
 If there is anything you should get from this review it is HDMI cables are the same , those really expensive cables deliver the same performance as these . Save some money and enjoy the show !
 The cables work as indicated . Received the cables in the amount of time indicated and in good condition . This cable work fine . Can not beat the price .
 Shipping Was Fast I Got This Item Quickly It Connects To My TV And Picture Quality Is Gr8 Thank You Very Happy .
 The HDMI cable functions very well and does what it suppose to . The cable was delivered promptly without any delays . I have very good service from Amazon with delivery of items that I have purchased . I prefer dealing with Amazon because of the minimum of problems when ordering .
 Product seems to be of high quailty.Works very well in the applications that I am using it.Delivery was as promised and I would not hesitate doing businus with this firm again .
 HDMI cables are notoriously expensive in brick-and-mortar shops . The combination of great prices and free shipping makes this a HDMI cable a bargain .
 Great price , working well so far . When I bump into the cord I lose the picture for a few seconds which is annoying , but no complaints besides that , especially for the price . Would definitely recommend for a cheap HDMI cord .
 These came very quickly , and work great for my sons tablet to connect to the television . well worth the price and I would order again . !
 great picture quality while using this cable . I use it for my digial artwork to project it on a much bigger screen . thanks tons !
 Got 3 cables to update my A/V system . First 2 work fine for computer and DVD hookup to TV . Waiting on new cable box to use third .
 I would n't know if it 's worth buying a more expensive cable cause I ca n't tell any difference.All I know is this cable delivers a superb full 1080p pic to my new LED tv and it looks amazing . Not one complaint here ... and for less than $ 3 I have bought 3 of these for all my HDMI needs
 The fellow that sold me my TV told me I needed a $ 75 gold-plated `` monster-like '' cable to get the best picture . I told him I 'm not a resolution snob , nor will I be viewing my High Definition Television through a phoropter . Plus , my HDTV is only a 32 '' 720p , so I just need a cable to make my Xbox guy look not-bad on my vidjya game screen . I notice no digital noise , or any other symptom of poor quality craftsmanship . Blu Ray movies , and high def games look just fine.When I need more cables , I shall order more from this seller .
 I love this cable . It has made my games come to life . The graphics with this cable is extremely over the top great .
 Do n't waste your money on Monster cables . These are just as good for a fraction of the price . I 've used them to connect a pc , an xbox , and a bluray player .
 I ordered this cable for my son to use with his Playstation 3 and his new HD TV . He said that it is remarkable how much clarity this cable provides on his new tv . He did not expect to see that much of a difference but he has , also , it now frees up one of his ports on the TV to add an additional gaming system .
 These are over 20 dollars at Walmart , even more at Bestbuy . It carries a digital signal and picture quality is either all there or not so why spend so much money on cables ? These work great and at 6ft are pretty much the perfect length -LRB- I 've found my 3ft ones can be about a half a foot or so too short at times -RRB- . Save a bunch of money and buy these cables online .
 I had order the hdmi cables and found them to be of good quality for an extremely cheap price . I would strongly recomend .
 got here in good time and in good conditiongreat seller !! thank you
 its worth buying !!! it comes like new !!! its nice looking !!! its worth risking the very small chance of getting it in bad condition . If its not what you expect , remember it was practically free .
 Who really wants to pay $ 20 + for cables ? These cables were less than $ 5 when I purchased and work perfectly for my TV . Do n't overspend elsewhere .
 This HDMI cable is cheap and it works . It has everything you need
 I am so happy with my working HDMI cable . It shipped quickly . It was inexpensive . After buying 2 other HDMI cables previously , that did NOT work , I am so pleased to have this functional and inexpensive cable working properly.HDMI Cable Category 2 -LRB- Full 1080P Capable -RRB-
 I 've purchased about three of these HDMI cables and have n't had any issues at all . I use one for my Xbox360 , DVR , extra , etc. .
 Great value for a 6 foot 1080p HDMI cable.Needed this item to hook up my Apple TV.This cable was first to arrive!Fast shipping.Thank you ,
 I used the cable to connect a monitor to a PC . It worked as expected at a fraction of the cost of HDMI cables at local stores .
 I 've had these hdmi wires for about 3 years and they work wonderful . Still using them til this day and you cant beat the price . I recommend this to anyone . they 're great !
 Same quality as the Sony cables I 've been wasting money on . Audio and picture quality is just as great as the cables Sony manufacturers .
 This HDMI cable was a great price and just as good as the store ones that cost double or triple this price . It works great and we will always buy these from Amazon !
 This USB cable works great best graphics and sound . Ands the best thing is that is at a low price which makes it better .
 This cable is great quality and value . with my old hdmi cables i had a slight buzzing noise coming from my speaker , but after i got these the sound has improved 100 %
 Bought the cable to use on my PS3 and new plasma . Such a difference was made to the pics and graphics . This made the gaming experience the bomb .
 Product works with my PS3 just as stated , at 1080p . Why would you pay 10x that for the same thing elsewhere ?
 i bought 4 cables from here about a month ago and they have worked perfectly so far .
 Well , I do n't know much about HDMI cables but it seems to work just fine . It shows my games in full HD with no problems . And the best thing is its extremely cheap .
 This works for either the 360 or the PS3 just fine . 360 certified HDMI cord is right around 50 dollars !
 This HDMI works great . Save your money on higher priced HDMI cables . I am using these on my 60 1080P set and the picture and sound are great .
 HDMI cables bought by Acquantis Technology , Inc. were of great quality and delivery time was qucicker then Amazon themselfs . Would buy from them in the future .
 Bought these to use with my PS3 and they worked without any issues . Cable is well made , specially for the amount payed , but do n't expect anything fancy . I would definitely buy them over the more expensive brand ones . For some reason USPS shipped incorrectly , I emailed seller and got another cable sent out . I would definitely recommend cables and seller .
 These are wonderful . They work exactly as you would expect on my HD system . I ca n't imagine why I would want to spend all that extra cash for Monster cables ! Do n't waste you money on the expensive ones at Circuit City -LRB- if they are still around -RRB- or Best Buy . Get these .
 The cable eventhough cheap is well made and looks like other expensive cables . I compared the picture quality with other expensive cable that I got from bestbuy and didnt find any difference . Dont waste your money on those other expensive cables . This is awesome . I got three of these cables for the price of one expensive cable .
 High priced cables may be slightly better , but at only 6 feet , line losses are insignificant and , with digital , things either work or they do n't . This cable works fine between my Sony Blu-Ray BDP S350 and Mitsubishi 40 '' LCD HD TV .
 The product is in great condition . Used cables still have same HDMI quality as newer ones . Do not let this insanely low price fool you . This product is the real deal . It went perfect with my PS3 and HD-DVD .
 Do n't forget to set your PS3 to HDMI output in the settings ! Sound & picture quality are perfect .
 This was so much cheaper getting from amazon . Especially since there 's no brand name attached so no overhead costs . This does exactly what it needs to do . Hooked up my cable box to the receiver .
 Shipped fast , Works just as good as the over priced $ 50-100 dollar ones . Would recommend to any one who wants and HDMI cord .
 I just got this cable for my husband to hook up his XBox 360 . I was a little worried since I 'm not much on this kind of stuff and was afraid that I was n't getting what he needed . I would recommend this HDMI cable to everyone . The screen is perfect , you do n't need to buy any costly cables . Just buy this cable
 I just got this cable in the mail today , I tested it out and it works far beyond my expectations . I didnt expect much for uder $ 2 , but this cable performs well when hooking up my computer to my 20 inch tv . Its great for watching digital movies or playing games . I 'll be trying it on bigger tvs , so really see the quality . But overall the video was crisp and had high quality sound .
 Using it for ps3 , complety happy with product , and over joyed with cost . Amazing . Highly recommend if looking to save money and get same great quality .
 Excelente producto recomendado . . lo recomiendo ! funciona excelente y llego a tiempo , excelente envoltura y tal cual lo describio el vendedor
 I saw this cable for a price way below the others . I checked the reviews , and everyone seemed happy . At that price there was nothing to lose , and it works perfectly . I 'm very pleased .
 What do I say about an HDMI cord ? It transferred the video from my cable box to my TV . Thats what I needed it for .
 I ordered 2 of these and will probably order more . This is a Great Product and well worth the great price .
 This has enhanced the graphic quality of all my games by so much !!! I love it and you ca n't beat the price !! Also shipping was fast & at a reasonable cost .
 I ordered two hi def hdmi calbes and i got them :-RRB- Just a fantasic buy , i couldnt ask for more .
 Item arrived on time . I tried it immediately using it from my netbook to a VGA adapter and it works perfectly .
 Well ... . the thing about this is ... it 's a cable , it wants me to leave a long reply . . but other than that , the cable works amazing , no problems with it .
 I got this item very quick and it works great . Ca n't beat the price and the length is more than enough to hook my laptop comfortably up to the tv .
 This is the best hd cable I have ever bought it is easy to use and the long length means you can have your device close to you
 I bought several of these cables for the purpose of hooking up my PS3 to an HDTV , along with several cable receivers across the house to watch HD channels . So far , they all work fine and I am happy that I could get these at a great price . I have however not used them for anything else beyond hooking up my PS3 and receivers to HDTVs , so I can not comment on whether they are reliable for outputting other devices , like laptops , to the TV.The only issue I have is occasionally on one of the cables , the sound may go out . So far this has been resolved by just pulling the cable out and putting it back in , but if it does stop working at some point , I can always get another one for a reasonable price . Do n't be fooled by gimmicks to make you buy more expensive cables , these work fine for most of what you 'll need them for .
 Ordered this cable for very cheap . Do n't fall for the gimmicks . A simple hdmi cable should be cheap and work . I would recommend this product to anyone . Buy one buy three , it 's cheaper than `` name '' brand cables and does the job perfectly .
 Got them quick , ca n't beat the price . Waaaaayyyy better than getting them from Walmart for 20 a pop . Great product
 Well for a couple bucks , I do n't see it possible to beat this deal . I have used this cable heavily for two years , running from myElement 32 '' Class LCD 720p HDTV w/2 HDMI-Refurbishedto my PS3 . Finally I had a problem with my PS3 losing sound , so I unplugged the HDMI cable and plugged it back in resolving the issue . Its been a couple months and there has been no problem with the sound again so I will be writing it off as a fluke event . The cost to performance ratio is so amazing that I did n't even think about the one incident affecting my 5 star rating of this product . After all , I am not THAT knowledgeable in this department . . so it might not even have been the cable 's fault for the issue . Either way , I 'm still using this inexpensive cable happily . . and I recommend that everybody else do the same . It blows my mind what the HDMI cables in stores sell for , especially when this one performs just as well as the 40 dollar one my friend purchased .
 Best price . Great quality . However , very flexible which feels a little easy to break . Using for hard connection . No cons yet . Video/Sound works great on 1080p .
 Do n't spend more than you need to on cables ! These HDMI cables work flawlessly at a fraction of the cost of the name brands . Do n't be fooled by marketing gimmicks . These are all you need !
 Cheap , made in China , but it gets the job done . I use to connect my PS3 to my TV and it works with no problems .
 All I was looking for was a replacement god I cable and this fit the bill works fine I 've been using it for 3 months for my 32 tv .
 I got this to add a video device to my TV and it works great . I am really surprised at the price as most retailers sell it for agreat deal more .
 Great product , gives 1080p image . built tough and fits nice n snug in hdmi jack .
 It was delivered very quickly and works great . Nice tight fit and awesome video/sound quality . buy it !
 Paid 10 dollars for this baby and it 's well worth it . You dont need to pay 50 and 60 dollars for an HDMI cable when these work just as good . I see stores like bestbuy and circuit city selling these cables with xbox and ps3 for like 50 dollars which is a RIP OFF plain and simple . Even that cable company Monster has been ripping people off . I see them selling some cables for more then 100 dollars !! That 's insane and blatant robbery . . I used this cable for my xbox and it works great !
 I ordered this product and 2 days later I had it in my hands . What else can you say about a cable ? Fast shipping and good quality product .
 I bought this cable for the kitchen TV , so I was n't concerned about ultimate performance , or snob appeal , but I can find no fault with it . It works and it 's cheap . Probably because it is cheap , this cable is thinner and more flexible than some -- that 's a plus where I 'm using it . I recommend this product.Paul
 I purchased 2 PS3 game consoles for my boys and grand children at christmas and needed 2 more cables . We checked at all the stores that carry them and then as I always do I went to my trusty Amazon.com site and found them at a fraction of the cost !!! So I purchased them there and they came within a few days and the kids had a great time with there new game system.Thanks amazon . I tell everyone I know to always check with Amazon before purchasing anything from another site or a department store.M.L . Forney
 Excellent Product , Excellent Price , Quick Shipping , Item recieved in condition staed . Hope to buy from again . A + for all marks .
 This HDMI cable is just as good as the higher priced ones . I would recommend this cable to anyone .
 This product is just what I needed great price and I can really see the difference in the quality of my tv
 Works great . Bought it for PS3 , works just as good as those $ 60 cables .
 The cables are same quality and length as cables priced up to 30Xs as much . I would recommend purchasing these cables and saving the extra money you would have wasted buying the overpriced ones .
 This cable is as good as all the super expensive cables out there . Salespeople will always try to SELL you on the fact that the others are better but it 's a fad . Get this cable already . You ca n't beat the price .
 This cable works just fine ! I regret that i bought my first cable from a store for $ 50 . What a Rip Off !! Its a terrible feeling ... Do yourself a favour and just buy this cable . And tell as many friends as you can .
 Purchased one of these from seller Eforcity for less than six bucks after shipping . Arrived pretty quickly in Washington apparently from California . Was in a sealed generic clear plastic bag . Hooked it up to my Toshiba 1080p TV and Philips 1080p Upconverting DVD player and it seems to work fine .
 It provides the same quality video as the other more expensive ones , so I ca n't see a reason to buy the same cable for 20-30 $ .
 The cable does a great job.I use it between Samsung 32 '' LCD TV -LRB- 1080P -RRB- and Western Digital TV HD Media Player . I can enjoy great picture quality.I am fully satisfied with this cable .
 I must say , I was a little sceptical about these cables , because they were so inexpensive . They work just as good as more expensive cables . I have seen PS3 HDMI Cables in the stores for up to $ 99.00 ! An audio/visual person I know informed me that an HDMI Cable is an HDMI Cable regardless of what materials are used , etc. . As he explained , the signal remains the same.I highly recommend these cables , I purchased two since they were so cheap .
 paid around $ 5.00 with shipping . works perfectly with my xbox 360 on my hdtv . arrived one day prior to the estimated date .
 This HDMI cable works great for the price I paid for it . I wish it was a little longer though . .
 Sturdy construction and nicely packaged , for the price i was shocked at how well these perform . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a cheap solution for HD .
 The price for the cables was outstanding . Delivery was extremely fast . The cables functioned as if they were super expensive ones and provided great graphics . I will difinitely return to this seller for future purchases.HDMI Cable Category 2 -LRB- Full 1080P Capable -RRB-
 The product delivery was on time . I am not sure if the piece I received was a defective or of bad quality , I was not able to get good picture quality when I connected my laptop to the LCD tv.However , the seller customer service was great . They immediately sent me a better quality cable as free replacement and now I have the desired picture quality .
 Worked fine but the metal plug ripped off the end the very first day I had it . I got a replacement and has worked great ever since . Just be slightly careful if you need to unplug it , I do unplug mine from time to time without incident . Other than that , the signal looked great and the middle of the cord was thick and strong .
 It 's like getting the monster cables for two dollars . Who would n't buy it ? I only gave it 4 stars because my gold tip on the cable was slightly bent and it caused it to crackle a bit when I first plugged it in . No problem , I then ordered another one just in case it broke , and the second one I ordered was perfect .
 Exactly what I needed and came earlier than the arrival time given to me . Works great , connected to my electronic devices with no issues .
 it only cost a dollar so why not , and it 's not defective . plus it 's working well with our television : -RRB- it makes it clearer and i can really feel the game by using this cable .
 I use my HDMI cable for my PlayStation 3 and it is the perfect length ! Not too much slack and not too taught ! I love this ! HD is so much better than AV cables ! Quality seller . Quick shipping , quality products , would recommend to friends , and would buy from them again !
 Does what a HDMI cable is suppose to do . Connected it from my xbox 360 to my HD tv and works perfectly .
 the cables work , shipping time was okay , and product was as specified . Cable was good in length and came with little covers for the head of the cables .
 As always . I 've never been more happy with my product ever forever ever . This is the happiest moment of my life .
 Works as described ! Why spend $ 30 on a cable ? It was shipped quickly . And well worth the wait . buy with confidence
 shipped fast works great i really couldnt ask for more . my only recommendation is make sure you always buy the bigger cable .
 Love it it makes playing and videos much better , bigger area seen while plaiyng video games and the price was . Ice
 Bought these cables for around $ 3.50 about a month ago and they 've been working great for my Xbox . They 're much better than those component cables because they fill the entire screen and provide a smoother look to the over all picture . Just outstanding for the price .
 Retail stores make all their money on cables . Ordering them from here and from the source overseas is the best idea . These HDMI cables perform just as well as an expensive $ 40 cable from a retail store . I use it everyday and will buy more when need be .
 These HDMI cables work just fine . I have a new Samsung ultra-thin HD TV , BlueRay player and DirectTv box all connected , and they perform superbly .
 they give a nice picture and good sound i also like how sturdy they feel very happy with these cables
 I do not know what more to write , it is a cable , and it works , and it is cheap . You do not have to get dressed to buy this !
 The cables work great and im amazed on how well they work for the price I paid for them will use this sender gain
 I use this cable with my PS3 to play 3D Blueray movies on my LG 3DTV . It is inexpensive and works great .
 I use this HDMI on my PlayStation 3 system and it works perfectly 1080p and is a great size very good material
 It 's a cable , it works . Nothing really else to say about it ! Used it to connect my PS3 to my HDTV and it worked just fine .
 It does what you need it to do . Cables in the electronic stores are so expensive . Great buy for the money .
 I use this for steaming with my computer . It does what I need it to and does n't have any fault in the picture projected .
 This cable worked very well with my 720p HDTV . I used it with my PS3 and Roku player and the quality was spot on .
 Everything is as advertised . At first I thought the ends were n't gold as advertised but everything is great . Highly recommend .
 The cable arrived on time and as described , it does the job as expected , I am satisfied with my purchase .
 Why pay so much for the same cord when this works just as well . Does the trick for me ! Buy this and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I am very satisfied with this cable the only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars was the fact that I could n't track this product which madero a little nervous but I got it never the less : -RRB-
 Cheap cables that works for HD . What can get better than that ! I recommend and would purchase the product again
 Cable worked with unbelievably low price . What more to say , except that this dumb we site requires more words ! Liked it .
 I bought two cables , and was pretty stoked when they came in the mail . They work like a charm for my laptop and 360 . The length is fine for me since the electronics are n't too far apart . It 's a great product if you take care of the wires .
 Why would you spend a lot of money on an HDMI cable . This conforms to HDMI 2.0 standards , so it will work with literally everything . There 's no reason to money on a branded cable ; they all carry a digital signal well enough at &#60; 15 feet .
 ordered two for HDTV . using one for directv receiver , the other for streaming video from internet . works fine , no problem . sent quickly , price is great ! very satisfied .
 IT was cheap and it worked , what more need be said ? I 'd recommend this deal for anyone who needs HDMI cables and does n't want to spend a lot .
 Good product . I use it to connect my xbox 360 to HDMI ready monitor . Quality is good and the cost is significantly less than ` name brand ' HDMI cables .
 These cables solved an issue I was having with the component cables I bought for my PS3 . Before images has a strange shadow duplicate , now I get a crisp 1080p resolution . Good stuff . -LRB- On a side note , Amazon wants me to rate how fun these cables are . They do n't compare to legos but they 're alright for what they are . -RRB-
 do not hesitate when you look at this prduct . i wanted one cause i just got a new hdtv i saw that my xbox 360 could be in 720 so i went to the store and saw the cheapest one for 14.99 for a 3 footer . i decided to look on amazon and magically found a 6 footer for the best price around . i bought two just in case i get a ps3 . so i basically got 2 for the price of one .
 It 's been over 3 months since I 've purchased these cables and they are fantastic ! My XBOX360 runs in full 1080p , my digital cable HD channels all run in 1080i , and I could n't be happier with the performance and reliability I 've gotten out of these cables so far . If you need full 1080p cables that you can rely on for a low low price , then order these and look no further ... seriously .
 Wow , awesome . This HDMI cable is fully HD compatible , 6 ft is a good length . Keep in mind , if you get a longer cable , it may not be as high quality , so 6ft , although kind of short , is great . This works for my Xbox 360 , my brother 's PS3 , DVD , BluRay , anything . You do n't need an adapter to plug it into a nextgen game console or dvd player or BluRay because it 's universal so there 's no need to waste money on an official xbox , PS3 , or other name brand cables that will run you a much higher cost . And it 's worth it , if you 've got a decent size screen or a huge screen especially with 720-1080 , BUY THIS ! Makes a great picture , much , much better than component cables .
 I was skeptical when I read that an $ 80 cable would perform the same as a cheap cable , but I found a great deal on this item and I bought a few -LRB- I think I spent $ 20 dollars for four cables and shipping -RRB- . I have been using the cables for my Digital Cable Box and my PS3 and they have performed flawlessly . I am very happy I made that decision .
 This HDMI cable is a good quality one . Even If I have never seen a bad quality HDMI cable . It does a good job connecting my Xbox 360 and DVD player to an HDTV .
 These cables were inexpensive relative to similar products costing much more at retail stores , but they seem to work just fine - no issues thus far - we are using them with a 1080p Sony TV , Sony Playstation 3 , and Motorola HD DVR . The description is a bit out of date , it says `` 1.3 a '' but the cables actually delivered were more current 1.3 b HDMI .
 I was very skeptical about this cable because it was n't $ 100 . I ordered it for my PS3 and I 'm glad I did . It 's completely awesome . Buy it and you wo n't regret it .
 I was hesitant in buying this HDMI cable since it was so cheap and some HDMI cables run for $ 60 in retail stores but after reading the numerous reviews on this product , I decided to get it . Now that I have received it and hooked up my Xbox 360 with it , it runs perfectly . Not a faulty cable . All you have to know that all HDMI cables are exactly the same . Nothing can make them better or give a better picture . Only reason it could be more expensive is that the cord itself is thick and more reinforced.I have no dogs or little children living in the house so that was n't an issue for me.Do yourself and save a whole lot of money by getting this cable . Ca n't go wrong .
 Cheap and great quality . No need to buy a $ 30-70 in the store when you can get this . Works great with my xbox 360 .
 I bought this cable to hook up my PS3 to my LCD TV and it works perfectly fine . For the price , you can not beat it ... it 's a fraction of what you would pay for an HDMI cable at BestBuy or Wal-Mart . Highly recommended .
 first off i read most of the review on here and they all seem to talk good about the product so i figured why not its cheap ... so i got it and i love it it works great on my ps3 and looks just as great as another set i got at best buy ... if i would of seen this a few months ago i would of got this first instead of spending my money at best buy
 this is a really great purchase i highly recomend it got it hooked up to my ps3 and it works great havent had any problems with it buy this !! works just as good as the expensive ones .
 I 've had this product for almost two years now and it 's still holding up great ! Right now it 's plugged in to a wall hdtv from its back , so the cable tip that plugs into the tv 's hdmi port is actually sort of bent . But even with that , it 's still working perfectly . And it 's less than a dollar too!NOTE
 This HDMI cable made my game show 10x better than it did before I purchased the cable . It was completely worth the wait and money .
 The HDMI cable works OK with our plasma -LRB- someone was asking if was only for LCD before -RRB- but if you are using it with your XBOX 360 and you have a headset -LRB- Turtle Beach-type , not the regular ones -RRB- you 'll also need the adaptor for audio OUT . I should have checked before , because the adaptor by itself is more expensive than cable and adaptor together , at least here in Amazon . Otherwise , no problem . Recommended , especially for the price .
 The first game i tested out was GOW3 , I almost cried on how beautiful it looked in 1080i -LRB- gow3 does n't have 1080p . -RRB-
 The cable works fantastic . Works perfect , no troubles for your PS3 ! , no black screen bs . easy as 1 , 2 , 3
 The first thing to note about this cable is that it is a bulk OEM cable - so it would just be placed into the shipping container without any sort of packaging . I suspect that this may be a Hitachi cable -LRB- but I ca n't be certain , because there is absolutely no branding on it -RRB- UL Ratings : UL Style
 HDMI cable works as expected . Beautiful 1080P from my blu ray player . I just need to get a longer cable -LRB- my fault , not manufacturers -RRB- .
 The HDMI cable does what 's it is supposed to do -- transmit signals . This HDMI cable does this perfectly . I used the cable to connect my XBOX to my TV . Thanks for saving me a bunch of money !
 Very happy with purchase , fast shipping and good product quality , excellent communication with the store , Preben it with a blue ray dvd and everything great
 i would highley recomend buying this my ps3 looks great super Clear very cheap and ya highly recomended HDMI ON MY PS3 NOW
 Cable works fine . First time into HD connection . Saw other cables on other sites which were way too high . Bought this , works fine!Payed more for shipping than for the cable itself . Do n't know what the expensive cables do but I 'm sure not much more than this .
 I bought these three HDMI cords and tested all three at the same time : * HDMI Cable Category 2 -LRB- Full 1080P Capable -RRB- -LCB- Sold by
 I purchased this cable to hook up a new , full 1080P television to my cable box and to my DVD player and I get a great picture with it . You ca n't beat the price , especially when you consider the same cables are $ 30 or more at retail stores . Shipping was fast and the cable arrived on time . I 'm not by any means an expert on how this cable is supposed to work , however I do know a great picture from a bad one , when I see it , and this product is exactly as specified .
 This HDMI Cable category 2 has n't fail me at all . It works great , and displays up to 1080P ! I highly recommend this HDMI cable .
 I liked also an excellent product and I am happy to deal with you and I would recommend buying the product
 I bought this one to save money and it works just as well as the $ 50 ones , only I got it for less than $ 10 . I love it and it works perfectly with my Xbox 360 and laptop .
 I only needed a short -LRB- 6 ft -RRB- HDMI cable to complete our change over to a new HD TV , new Blue-ray DVD player and Tivo HD box setup . One cable I had was only 3 ft and too short . I drove around to four local stores to find one . All had an HDMI 6 ft cable -- at prices ranging from $ 18 to $ 36 . Nothing doing , I thought . Twenty years ago I worked for a start-up Network manufacture and we would purchase all kinds and lenghts of cables , the most expensive of which never exceeded $ 5 . One day back then we were short one cable for a urgent shipment . I drove to the local radio shop to find they too had the needed cable -- for $ 25 . After I chewed out the sales clerk for such a high price , he admitted the only thing the store made money on was the cables . The TVs , the stereos , the computers all broke even , but they made a pile on the cables.So , last month I checked with Amazon and they had a HDMI cable cat2 for only $ 1.99 with free shipping ! I could n't believe it . Must be a scam . Impossible ! Well , being the big spender , high risk taker that I am , I ordered two cables just to test the purchase . I mean , with only four bucks to lose , what the hell , eh?Got the cables in about five days by mail . They looked good . I plugged them about a week ago ... and did they work ? Hell yes , they worked . They have worked great every day and night since . What a deal !
 i Bought one of these for a relative and it worked on his hugh 60 ' or so tv and worked better than expected , we joked we now can see wrinkles on news anchors lol . but besides that this works , if your looking for a good -LRB- reliable -RRB- hdmi cord look no further and if it doesnt work its probably due to tv not hdmi .
 This product is exactly what I wanted and it came within a matter of days . I would recommend this product to anybody .
 After dealing with all the overpriced cables out there , this one is a great value . Got it for a Roku player I got to view my Amazon Prime videos on my tv and did n't want to spend as much for the cable as I did for the box . No problem at all with the cable , does what it 's supposed to . For $ 1.69 jump on this thing !!!
 GREAT !!! cheap and well worth it they work better then the ones for 40.00 dollars at the stores love these
 I bought this cable because it was far cheaper than buying one in the store . I was n't sure if it was good quality or not . I hoooked it up to our new Blue Ray Player and it worked great . It 's not too long or too short . Perfect !
 I finally received this cable after a long week of waiting . Simply put , it 's Plug & Play . No issues at all with the cable . As for the quality of the product ? I can only say that it looks somewhat flimsy compared to the most expensive ones that you pay a fortune for on the US market . But for me , functionality is what matters , so I am very happy with this product and would recommend it to others who , like me , are trying to save a buck .
 for a couple of dollars this is what you would expect . Nothing fancy . Does what it needs to do without any problems .
 I bought this and it works great . It is much cheaper then buying one in a store for much more .
 I bought this cord to use exclusively for connecting my Xbox to my TV for a high def experience . It works great and I 'm pleased with my purchase .
 I 'm using it with my AppleTV and have n't had a problem yet . It 's working just as well as the name brand cable I had borrowed before .
 at first I was hesitant if it would actually work because of the price is so low , but it work great with my hdtv , cable box , home stereo surround sound , so I bought two more . highly recommended . no need to spend too much for cable from best buy now . although I still love to shop at best buy for more valuable electronics .
 Super good . Does the job i needed one and didnt have a whole lot o money so this was perfect
 I bought this to go with the J-Tec 1 in 2 out splitter that I ordered . It works so You cant beat the price and I did n't have to pay shipping .
 What can I say , it works perfectly as it should . Amazing clarity . Crazy cheap price . You cant ask for a better product .
 the cable works fine , i use it to link my computer to my plasma TV and works flawlesly . its strong enough to survive an accidentally pull offthe distance from both devices is the max capacity of the cable and have no problem with it .
 I love these cables they work really well ! I just paid -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for this cable that works as well as the 70 dollar ones in stores!I bought 3 cables ! 1 for my tv1 for my ps3and 1 for my xbox 360 ! I recommend this cable for anyone who needs a hdmi cable!I promise u it will work really well !
 these work just as good as the expensive ones you get in the store for 5 times the price .
 Bought this cable because i needed another one . Went over to the local retail store and the cheapest i could find there was $ 30 . Checked out the prices on Amazon and ended up buying this one . It works , this is all one needs to know .
 It works nicely with PS3 and Panasonic HDTV in full HD . Not really sure if there is anything else one would/could want from a HDMI cable : -RRB-
 These cables do what they 're supposed to at a very reasonable price . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for HDMI cables for their TV .
 I have been using this cable with my PS3 and Samsung A650 48 '' LCD TV . I use PS3 extensively for gaming and blue ray movies . Picture/Sound quality is fantastic and I have seen absolutely no issues . Some reviewers had reported failures hence I had bought two in case one fails . However , I never had to use the other one so far.Besides the cable only costs ~ 2.5 $ . What more can one ask for ? I wonder who buys other more expensive cable on Amazon that costs around 20 $ . Absolutely no need !
 I was a little nervous ordering such `` cheap '' cables , but they work great . I had read all the other reviews about how you should n't waste your money on fancy HDMI cables and I figured that spending a couple bucks to see if this one would work really would n't set me back too much if I had to go buy some super expensive ones anyway , but it turns out that I got an amazing , quality HD picture from these cords on my PS3 ! I highly recommend it .
 I got this for my xbox 360 . Works just as well as any cable microsoft will try to sell you , but only a fraction of the price . No reason not to grab one .
 The HDMI cord is simply the best for the price . As long as you do n't have to worry about breaking the cord or an animal chewing it up , there 's no point in spending $ 150 + unless you can truly see the difference . I ca n't and I 'm not the type to brag about spending $ 150 on something I ca n't even see.This cord is perfect . The color is rich and crisp , the audio is perfect . I bought the cord for my Playstation 3 and both video games , personal videos I 've recorded with my HD camcorder as well as Blu-Ray movies are all sensational . For the price of the cord and the quality you get , everyone should buy it.I had one before this which worked perfect as well , I accidentally broke the metal teeth though -LRB- user error -RRB- so if I did n't do hat I would n't have had to buy another .
 If you can tell the difference between the images and sounds these cables transmit and those transmitted by more expensive cables , you 're not likely to be reading reviews of this generic item . These work well for any HDMI connection -- do n't spend more than a few dollars per cable .
 I have one going from my PS3 to my surround-sound system and one going from my surround-sound system to my HDTV . They work just fine , and I did n't have to spend very much . If I needed more , these are the ones I 'd get .
 Cheap and perfect . Two words not commonly associated with each other . Seriously , do n't waste your money on department store cables , this one has the same quality for a fraction of the price .
 Not much to see here , it 's a cable , it connects the PS3 to the monitor , it performs its job perfectly .
 I used it to connect my PS3 Slim to my LCD TV . Works well , enough said .
 I would recommend this HDMI cable to everyone . The screen is perfect , you do n't need to buy any costly HDMI cables . Just buy this cable you wo n't regret .
 This product was delivered on time and for a reasonable price . I saved a lot of money instead of going to Best Buy . There 's no point in wasting money on cables .
 I am pretty new to gaming so I was confused by the wide disparity in pricing for HDMI cables . I read online the major difference was cost . I am using this cable to connect a PS3 with an HD TV . It is working great . Even if it craps out early -LRB- I do n't know why it would -RRB- I can replace it several times for the cost of a Deluxe HDMI cable . If you need a cable , buy one of these . P.S. I am not an employee or a paid reviewer .
 These low cost cable assemblies work great . I can not believe what the local electronics stores charge for their cables . I use one to connect by BluRay player to my 52 '' 120 MHz 1080p TV , and the other connects my cable box . Absolutely flawless picture.Delivery of the produce also was very timely .
 These cable perform just as good as the Monster cables , the only difference is the warranty vs Toslink . I would purchase more if needed . Prompt delivery and delivered what was advertised , excellent product . The most important complaint that I have was for the shipping cost , way too much for 4 cables that came in the same package . I hope that in the future it will be according to the weight , I have a digital scale and shipping costs and 21.00 overcharge.MJ
 Works like a charm . I spent almost $ 4 on the same thing I 'd have had to pay $ 50 for if GameStop was the only option . But thanks to this I paid what a TV cable is really worth.One occasional problem that happens approximately once a week is that the screen and the sound go away for about 2 seconds but very very rarely . I was going to give it a 4 star because of this but it 's not as big of a deal to me . Definitely recommended ...
 If your looking for a good and cheap HDMI cable , this is the one for you . I bought this for my PS3 and works great . I would highly recomend it and do n't be fooled by the price .
 Highly recommended . I bought two of these . They work fine on my 46 '' Sony 1080P LCD . Snug fit . Since the plugs are not oversized , they fit nicely behind my low-profile wall mount . The order was delivered ahead of schedule - even during the Christmas rush .
 yes the shipping is higher than the product ... so what ... go pay retail at Circuit City or Best Buy etc. if you do n't like the shipping ... works just as good as the more expensive cables .
 Absolutely the best you can get for the price . There is no difference in quality between this one and more expensive HDMI cables .
 Works perfectly . I dont see why other cables are in the $ 50 - $ 100 dollar range . That seems preposterous . It is just cable for heaven 's sakes.This one had the correct price for me .
 These cables are a great savings compared to the big stores and work great , make sure you select HDMI cables that are category 2 full 1080 capable . Will buy these again .
 After I bought my PS3 , I was still using the RWY cables that came with the system . I definitely wanted to utilize the high definition aspect of my television for my PS3 . The video quality is vastly superior to that when using standard cables so you need these cables .
 Just to echo what everyone else here is saying , there is absolutely nothing wrong with this cable . I was a little nervous about spending so little to connect such expensive equipment -LRB- I used it to connect my new PS3 slim to a 46 '' Panasonic Plasma TV -RRB- , but my fears were put to rest as soon as I pushed the power buttons.The cable itself does n't feel as sturdy as other spendy cables I 've seen , but as long as you do n't have a cat or something that is going to chew through it , you should be fine.I 've been using this cable quite I bit in the month since I received it , and I 've had absolutely no problems.Don ' t hesitate to buy one ... or five .
 the first one they sent didnt work but they sent another one for free and it worked perfectly so 5/5
 the only difference i see between this cable and the ones at best buy is the extra cash in my wallet
 been over a year and this cable has lasted me longer than the $ 100 + Monster cables I 've had before . At this price you just ca n't beat it . Me and my PS3 are happy : -RRB-
 Such a great deal . I have an HDMI cable well over 50 dollars and when I compared it to this 3 dollar cable I could not tell the difference.It honestly stunned me because I had wasted away my money on over priced hdmi cables that did the exact same thing as a 3 dollar hdmi cable!If there is a difference , it is so minute that my eyes ca n't tell the difference.Great deal , long enough cord to get the job done.Excellent product !
 This item was received as described , brand new . It works good . I do n't see any difference in picture quality with this one and with the one I bought at Walmart for the TV . It arrived FAST too .
 Great item shipped quickly . Looks to me as good as the $ 80 cables being pushed by Bestbuy .
 I was a bit hesitant with the price , but it works fine . No problems hooking my PS3 with my TV 720p . I just want to mention for those PS3 users new to this.After hooking up the two together and changing the video profile on your PS3 , you 'll get a black screen . You maybe wondering where did the Ps3 screen go ? Why you can see anything ? Well , switch the channel to a HDMI channel . I felt like an idiot when I realized it .
 This is a great product at a very reasonable price , I have HDMI cables on all of our TVs and love the quality we get !!
 this is the 6th time ive bought this item from this vendor . always on time -LRB- sometimes faster -RRB- . always a reliable product .
 Works as I would expect . Not the most durable HDMI I 've ever purchased but is tough enough for most applications .
 I ordered this HDMI cable to stream Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles from YouTube to my flat screen TV Via my desktop for my 3 year old son . I thought the cord would be long enough but it wasnt -LRB- I need about a 4-5 footer but I think the next size up is 9 ft. -RRB- . We just got a new flat screen for our rec . room & I gave the cord to my 10 year old son for his PS3 . So I wasnt stuck with a cord I couldnt use . The cord works great , it shipped on time & in good condition .
 Works exactly as described !!! My PS3 display looks way better then it did with just standard cords . This was well worth the price and I will be buying another one for my downstairs TV
 Great HDMI cable . I 'm very happy with the performance of this cable . If you pay a lot for an HDMI cable , you 're a fool .
 Nice price , a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r
 i needed another HDMI cord so that i didnt have to keep switching the one i already had between my xbox and ps3 , so i bought this . it works perfectly , i would reccomend this to anyone looking for an HDMI cable .
 great price for having it as an add on price with other orders . i ordered 2 and they work as expected . i guess i will see how they hold up over time being used .
 We had a regular -LRB- category 1 -RRB- for our HDTV . After reading reviews for this categtory 2 HDMI cable , I decided to upgrade at a cost of less than $ 3 . What a huge difference the category 2 cable makes . Our LCD TV delivers an even better picture with the category 2 HDMI cable - the colors are brighter and the depth is more pronounced . I 'm so impressed that I ordered additional cables to give to family members . This is a must for HDTVs .
 I bought these cables because my friend got some for like $ 40.00 and it looked nice but i did n't want to spend all that money so i went on amazon and i found these for like $ 4.00 and they look they same as my friend . I would defintly buy these . why would you want to pay $ 40.00 for HD cables when you can get these for $ 4.00 and have it look excatly the same .
 What can I say , here are some basic HDMI cables . I bought two and use one for my PS3 and one for my HTPC . They do exactly what I need and were at a great price . I will probably buy two more once I upgrade to HD with DirecTV and buy a new receiver because they work that well .
 I got this cable for my ps3 . It was way better than I thought when I saw the price . My friend got one of those overpriced one . I tried his too , and guess what ... they work the same .
 I 've got two words for you . TRULY AMAZING ! When I bought this , I was a little doubtful . But you should n't have any problems with this whatsoever because the picture quality is unquestionable and so beautiful with this cable . The other day I saw this for around $ 40 in Target !
 This HDMI cord -LRB- not a game -RRB- has been working for 2-3 weeks as the connection from an Xbox game player to the big screen Plasma TV.No problems & plenty long.Came quickly in mail & well-packaged . Would recommend & would buy again .
 The cable worked perfectly . The plastic caps on the ends have a ridge around the top allowing you to easily grab and pull them off , which I thought was nice .
 Shipping was the quickest on amazon yet . Product is as explained and works very well on my tv from my blu ray player . No picture problems or cutting out . For the price you can not go wrong .
 I should have bought this cable a long time ago . There is no reason PS couldnt afford to give you one seeing as most folks have HD tvs .
 I was reluctant to buy this cable because the price is so low but took the risk anyway . It works as advertised and is a good quality cable . I 'm completely satisfied with this purchase .
 This is the first HDMI cable I 've ever bought . With all of the hubub surrounding generic cables vs. Monster or other name brand cables , I was n't going to spend more than I had to . For $ 1.70 shipped , this 6 ' HDMI cable upgraded the hi-def video output of my xbox 360 . I was using the hi-def component cables for my xbox to connect to my 1080i CRT tv . The picture always cut off about 1/2 '' on each side of the screen , no matter how I changed the settings . Once I hooked up this HDMI cable , the picture was more vibrant , with deeper darker blacks , and the screen format was corrected , and no longer cut off the sides . Hoory ! Victory at last ! My tv is a Sony 32 '' HD CRT , -LRB- weighs about 200lbs -RRB- so it 's not as big a screen as many people have , but this cable made me happy .
 This was a great product at a great price !! I would definitely reccomend this to everyone . The price of this product is ten percent of what it would be in stores .
 The cable worked great and the picture provided through HDMI is great . I would recommend this product to anyone that want 's to make their home TV a theater environment .
 I just got this cable to hook my XBox 360 up to my new 47 '' Vizio LCD . I was a little worried at first that I was n't getting what I needed , but was right on with it . TheNo HTML , Characters remaining
 I got the product on time and the product is good . This is good product and clear quality and good pictures .
 the cable is cheap but works as good as other expensive ones , it 's easily to use for connecting PC to TV
 shipping was perfect . quality is flawless . why pay inflated store prices for the same cable
 Works perfectly to connect my ps3 to a 1080p HDTV and you ca n't find a better price !!!
 I used this cable to hook up my husbands PS3 . Great quality for such a cheap price .
 this product is just as described , and saved me a huge amount of money ! its the same as all the other expensive hdmi wires . i will purchase again .
 I purchased this generic hdmi cable a few weeks ago for my son 's PS3 and not only did it arrive a few days early -LRB- before xmas -RRB- but it works Fantastic and was just under $ 7 with shipping !! I 'm so glad I did n't purchase a $ 30 cable from Bestbuy ... I would buy from Amazon , abucus24-7 again and again and again . Thanks !!!
 Does it 's job ... worth the price ... what more could you ask for !? I have had no issues what so ever with this cable while it has been hooked up to my computer , xbox 360 , or blu ray player !
 Glad I did my homework . This cable does the job and for much less than if I had purchased it in a retail store . Do n't throw your money at the retailers ! Hooked up my son 's PS3 Christmas morning for immediate enjoyment .
 This cable works just as well as the $ 70 monster cable I bought a year ago . If you need an HDMI cable to do the job this is the one plus the price is ultra fair .
 I received this item much quicker than I expected . It only took a few days . Once I got it , I connected it to my TV and xbox and got amazing quality picture . Very impressed .
 WOW ! What a deal . Do n't hesitate on this one . Great product . Why spend $ 30 or $ 40 when you can spend $ 3.50 ! I bought this for my XBox 360 . Made a huge difference . It arrived when it said it would . Plug n play . A must buy !
 Users say these do n't last long ? Here I am a year later and my cord still works perfect for my PS3 , I have n't even touched the second one yet !! Highly recommend !!!
 I got this in the mail and it was about what I thought it would be a cheap but working cable . I takes about 1 minutes to warm up when you use it then it works fine but in the first minute or so the picture will go fuzzy then perfect the fuzzy
 i got two of these a year or so ago , to go from my ps3 and hp pavilion computer to my panasonic viera plasma tv . perfect picture on both devices , no problems ever . do n't waste your money on monster cables from best buy , 1 's and 0 's travel the same way on cheap cables .
 I just could not believe how incredible this purchase was . The price will always bring me happiness . I just wished I knew of this before spending lots of money on a expensive HDMI cable at Best Buy . I felt ripped off . The difference between this one and a retail one is ... nothing ! The quality matches those of expensive cables . It 's just unbelievable ! Overall I am a happy buyer . I may just buy another one for backup , lol
 This cable works perfectly , and because it transfer digital information , there is no loss in quality . I ca n't believe some retailers , like BestBuy sell similar cables for 10 times more the price I paid for it here at Amazon ...
 The cable looks good . Hook up to my switch box & displaced full 1080p . Works great . It replaced my old HDMI cable since I upgrade to full HD .
 Needed a few HDMI cables to hook multiple things up to a TV . Cable is good quality and works perfectly fine in 1080p .
 Bought this for use with an xBox 360 on a plasma tv . After switching from the standard RWY coaxial xBox connectors to this HDMI cable , the difference was INCREDIBLE ! This cable worked perfectly , and you ca n't beat the price !
 Does it job . That 's about all I can say about this cable . It 's cheaply priced and works fine . No complaints here .
 What else can I say ? It works , and it costs way less than the 40 or 50 bucks these brick and mortor stores wan na sell one to you for .
 To an end with all of those expensive over priced hdmi cables . Because the signals are digital -LRB- no longer analog like before -RRB- these cables can be terminated metal clothes hangers for all I care . As long as the whole signal goes from one end to the other , you will get a pretty picture . I use this with my xbox to my samsung TV and it works like a charm . Recommended for anyone with a budget and doesnt care about a fancy brand name .
 just so everyone is clear . In the digital age , there is n't &#34; lossyness &#34; the difference in quality between this and the 50 , 60 . 70 . or even 300 + dollar cables you can find online is absolutely nothing . With a digital signal it is either all there or it is n't .
 I purchased these hdmi cables for my tvs and they work just as good as the 35 dollar sony I bought for my blue ray player .
 Got for ps3 amd woros for both ps3 and wii u , i would say get one for and uee for everything .
 Why pay much more when this works fineordered 2 Like it much better than the wide cable that Charter supplied , , , , ,
 I ordered 2 of these just to have extra cords around the house . It was really good for the price .
 This cable works great , I have my PS3 hooked up to a 40 inch Samsung LCD . Picture is perfect , clear and sharp !! FULL 1080p !! Big name cables are a ripoff.You 're paying for a Company name , not the cable . Buy this and save your money for games or a movie , Do n't give it to the Companies that already get enough off the overpriced -LRB- usually -RRB- products that they sell us !! BUY THIS CABLE !!!!!!!
 This cable is great , it works as good as the other expensive HDMI cables . I have a 61 '' HDTV , apple TV , PS3 and Home cinema all connected together with these cables , they work incredibly well , so far no problems at all .
 Connecting PS3 Slim and Sony TV . The cable is working just fine for about 4 months . Sometimes I got a problem of recognition from the TV that I was using a PS3 , but I do n't think it 's a problem from the cable . I think the problem is over heat on the back of the PS3 , since it 's on a back closed shelf .
 I got this close to 8 months ago . I have it connected to my PS3 . I love it . I still do n't know why people will pay alot for something they do n't have to . I love this product . I highly recommend it . It works great . For gamers or those who watch blu-ray or even dvds , it 's great quality and I have no complaints .
 This is a great purchase i use it for my PS3 and it works great and is very cheap .
 The cable was very inexpensive and shipping was very quick and product was as described .
 The cable works great and saved me a lot of money . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 The HDMI cable works perfectly ! No need to spend 7-10x more unless you enjoy giving your hard-earned cash to WalMart or Best Buy .
 Cheap price works just as good as any other $ 60.00 cable out there . Highly recommended . Fast shipping . Will get more as I get more TV 's .
 Great Price . I can now play XBOX 360 in 1080p and watch my HD DVR without having to switch the cable each time .
 I bought this to hook my PS3 up to my LG LED LCD 42 '' flat screen . Works perfect and arrived quick . Would definitely order this again if I needed another one !!
 todo fino . . el cable funciona bien y por ese precio est&aacute; excelente . -LRB- no probe en 3d y me imagino q no tiene esa funcion -RRB- . recomendado
 I bought this cable to go with my PS3 and it works just fine . I have an LG 3D LED and the picture looks great in 2D and 3D . Still do n't understand why people pay more than a few bucks for a cable .
 This cable works great ! I 'm using it to connect my new 360 to my TV and it works just as expected . The cable ends do not seem like they are cheap or easily broken to me . Recommend .
 HDMI cables in a store are ridiculously over priced . You ca n't beat some nice cheap HDMI cables for just hooking up a spare cable box and old dvd player . Especially when you can add them to a larger order and get free shipping .
 I am very happy with the purchase . I can see wonderfully for movies and they work great with my XBOX 360 .
 Use this one for my playstation and it works just as well as the average hdmi cable that usually costs around $ 40
 Do n't let the price fool ya . This product worked great . It arrived quuickly and was exactly what i expected . I would buy from this seller again and i highly recomended .
 I recently bought my first Blu-ray player , and while I was checking out from Best Buy , one of the employees continually harassed me about buying a $ 60 dollar HDMI cable . Bragging about it being gold plated and High Definition . I lied and told him I already had one ready , and I 'm so glad I lied . When I came home I immediately searched on Amazon and bought 2 of these cables for less than 4 dollars ! I was n't expecting much for spending just 4 dollars , but I am completely blown away . They both work great and the Blu-ray movies have never looked better . This is being cconsumer-savvy at its finest ! If you 're looking to buy HDMI cables do n't look any further . I 'm extremely happy with everything about this purchase . The cables , the delivery time , the seller , the price . I will be using this seller again .
 just received this item and let me tell you i 'm fully satisfied with this product . walmart sells them for 30 bucks but i paid 1.67 for this . very happy right now !
 The cable works , does the trick , needed it for TV and Roku box , very inexpensive compared to local store options , fast delivery .
 Its a good product for its price . Works like a charm , did n't see anything wrong with it until now and the shipment arrived at time . I would n't expect anything more !!!
 Purchased a new TV recently and technology has really advanced in recent years . When I went to plug in our XBox 360 with the traditional yellow , white and red cable , there was no outlets for it . I purchased this cable , saved tons of money and the image is 10x better than before ... . Shipping was super fast too ...
 HDMI cables at retail stores are expensive , but to find one on amazon for less than $ 2 is an incredible deal and it worked perfectly when I connected my PS3 to my HDTV .
 So far so good , bought it for the Xbox and they work like a champ ! No complaints as of yet .
 They serve their purpose , seem of good quality and the price was excellent . They are a bargain vs what the cable companies charge .
 Best money spent ever on a HDMI cord LOL ! for two bucks you ca n't beat this price anywhere ... . you wo n't regret it ...
 HDMI cable is good lenth ... . dont need 20 feet of excess cable ! Works well ... and much cheaper then Radio Shack or Staples .
 The product was just as described and expected . The product was shipped promptly it and arrived on time without any problems .
 Works exactly like you would expect . Could n't ask for anything more for the money . I recommend this all day long to my friends and relatives who are looking for a cheap hdmi cable .
 I often stick to manufacturer recommended items to avoid getting something poorly made , but this was literally a tenth the price of the one made by Microsoft . It works fine , I would n't waste my money on the other .
 Theres no need for $ 50 hdmi 's that are gold plated or whatever ... they all work the same weather its $ 3 or $ 50 . . this one is very cheap and works exactly how it is supposed to .
 I used the HDMI for playing movies from a laptop in 720p , playing XBOX 360 , and PlayStation with no problems . I would recommended it if your looking for a inexpensive HDMI cable .
 just as good as the $ 40 + brands and way cheaper to boast . a definite must buy i cant see why not
 I have a tv with 4 hdmi spots . These were a very good price and I a very glad I bought them . I only needed 1 package but bought 2 and gazve 1 away .
 I got this to connect my PS3 to my HDTV . I did n't want to spend a ton of money on the cables and these seem to work perfectly for it .
 Connected the dvd to the tv with this cable and everything works fine . For the price it was worth it since I grouped it with other items for the free shipping .
 Works good , no complaints , does what it suppose to do . I have n't noticed a drop in quality on my tv/monitor so it 's ok
 I would honestly say this product is better than it 's competition that charges a considerable amount more . Since you still get the easy HDMI connection cable -LSB- it works with any normal HDMI port ; gaming systems such as PS3 , Xbox 360 , are compatible with these and they work fantastic.Why this product is so good is that it 's cost efficient and it includes a lengthy cord . The competition often charges a lot more for a much shorter cord and usually the cord is never long enough . This one is long enough and for cheaper price . And you may be thinking that it does not deliver true HD picture because of how cheap it is , but that 's exactly what it does . It does the same exact thing as higher priced cables and also has a lower price ... I can not think of a negative to say about this product.If you are needing an extra HDMI cable this is the one to get .
 Does exactly what I need it to do for an outstanding price . Could not find it cheaper anywhere else . Would buy again .
 The HDMI Calbe worked great and absolutely great price . Product arrived on time and since it was purchased with another product , it shipped free .
 Way better deal than the store . Works fine . I would buy them again if I needed more hdmi cables for anything .
 Great item . Performs exactly the same and some cables I spent much , much more for . Bargain price for a cable like this .
 great value ... no difference in performance between this inexpensive 6ft cable . . to big brand name cables like monster . . you never need to pay $ 30 for a 6ft cable . . i have bought 3 of these cables for my PS3 , Home Theater Personal Computer -LSB- HTPC -RSB- , and dvd player . . connected to my 32 '' Samsung HDTV . . and everything works great . .
 this far cheaper and equally good HDMI cable has been working great . No issues , no flicker , no nothing . It is built to every specification that the `` official '' HDMI cable is built to . So be smart and save some money .
 Great cable works perfectly . I use it on my desktop connected to a 40 '' lcd Proscan tv . Cant beat the price . Shipping is always fast
 Hard to find a better deal than this . Bought a couple and they both work great .
 Ive ordered a couple of these now and I have had no problems at all using them with my 360 or blu-ray player .
 The product works good for a great price . Remember there is no bad HDMI cables . Digital is digital .
 No problems from these cables best price I have seen and ca n't complain a bit . I do n't understand the questions about how much fun it is after all it 's a cable but I did n't design the site . LOL
 I use this cable between my Sony Blu-Ray player and my Toshiba 52 '' 1080p television set . Picture is perfect , no troubles what-so-ever . Why pay more ?
 Do n't be worried about this item 's low price - it is just as good as any other HDMI cable . I have mine from a PS3 to an HDTV and everything looks and sounds sharp as could be . I 'm glad I did n't pay more for some other cable !
 Works perfectly well ! No need to spend $ $ on an HDMI cable . This works exactly the same as the one that came with my Sony Blu Ray player and cost only a few dollars .
 Great seller and the cables work great . This is an excellent value as a substitute for much more expensive HDMI cables sold by the gaming companies themselves .
 Just like other reviewers this is one of the best bargains out there . I like to buy large electronics items locally -LRB- at B&M ; stores -RRB- . Especially with large screen TVs , there is tremendous pressure to get the cables `` on the spot '' along with the TV . From even the best discount retailers -LRB- Target , Walmart -RRB- , these cables are overpriced . Quite unfortunately , this has become an industry practice to make up for low margins on the TVs.In the days of `` shill '' reviews -LRB- this is my belief , I have no proof -RRB- , it is hard to trust written reviews here -LRB- even the ones that rise to the top - most useful -RRB- . However , in this case I have to agree - there are no known issues with this cable - at least in my use . Prior to buying , I did an extensive search and found Google links that showed `` expert '' comparison of cables priced very high to very low and found no difference in the quality of the output.My only gripe with my purchase - I purchased two cables -LRB- different types , one this and other a computer monitor HDMI cable -RRB- from BargainCell , but ended up paying shipping and handling -LRB- $ 3.99 X 2 -RRB- , even though they arrived in the same pouch . Maybe there was a way to combine shipping and I missed it .
 This cable works just as well as its more expensive counterparts . Picture quality actually is noticeably better than component cabling . A/V cables have to conform to a set of industry-set standards , so an off-brand cable , so long as the build quality is decent , will almost always perform just as well as a more expensive , brand name counterpart.I 'm very happy with this cable 's performance . I 'm glad I did n't blow $ 60 for the same product from Sony !
 I was sceptical in ordering these cables since they were so inexpensive . I had just bought one at Circuit City for $ 39.99 . These are just as good at a fraction of the cost . Do n't hesitate .
 Great cables at a great price !!! Communications with the seller , Bargain Cell , left a lot to be desired , but the product was a great value .
 I 've had this cable working for over a week and i 'm very happy with the results . I ca n't believe I thought about spending $ 50 for the same thing in a retail store .
 hdmi works great and the price is rightservice good and delivery on time
 Could n't ask for more . Great quality cables at a great price that works perfectly with my Audio/Video Setup : Playstation 3 -LRB- new generation 80gb -RRB- Xbox 360 -LRB- Arcade bundle with HDMI support -RRB- Toshiba Regza 1080p LCD TVToshiba HD-DVD PlayerOnkyo TX-SR606 7.1 Receiver with HDMI Pass ThroughI bought four of these cables to support my components and they work fine . Would recommend to anyone.Definitely do n't waste your money on monster cables or other over-priced digital cables , usually sold in normal stores at a 800 % markup .
 I found this cable on Amazon at such a low price that I did n't think it could possibly be any good . However , what was available at regular retail of $ 30 - $ 90 helped me to reconsider . After installation and several weeks operation , I am a believer . As with other Amazon purchases I have made , the low price is not an indicator of poor quality .
 The salesman at Fry 's told me I needed to purchase the Monster HDMI cable because I have a Sony XBR HD TV when hooking up my Sony Blu Ray . The Monster cable was $ 129.99 . I opted not to purchase it there until I researched it more . I read all the reviews for these cables and they were only $ 2.49 each so I was skeptical but I bought 2 sets anyway . Well , it works perfectly ! Got 2 sets for $ 5 instead of paying $ 130 + tax for one . What a rip off that the others are so expensive.The only issue with the ones I purchased was the shipping costs . The HDMI cable was $ 2.49 and the shipping was $ 2.99 per item , even though they arrived in the same box , you still had to pay the same shipping & handling price for ordering two of them . So I paid $ 5 for the two cables + $ 6 for shipping the two cables . Oh well , still way less than the Monster cables at Fry 's for $ 130 for one cable . Still a terrific deal .
 THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . I USE IT FOR MY XBOX 360 . I 'VE HAD IT FOR 3 WEEKS AND I 'M VERY HAPPY WITH THE HDMI QUALITY .
 Just what I needed and for a great price . If you Love Gospel this album is for you . Loved it .
 the cable goes only up to 1080i , 1080p does n't work , but it was cheap , so its ok
 The product works great as it says ... but with one tiny flaw . I unplugged the av cables while my 360 slim was on , and plugged in the hdmi cable . Turns out that the 360 has to restart in order for the graphics to look HD . Lost a few hours of campaign progress on ODST . Other than that , it works great . Definitely recommend this product to everyone .
