 We can all learn a lot from reading the classics . Hardy does not disappoint . No matter what century , human themes of morality and religion always seem to make us be more aware of our human frailties .
 I find Thomas Hardy dated , but then that 's me I guess . It is a very good story and a classic piece of literature
 Very dark and wonderful . I always thought this was a &#34; chick &#34; book , like &#34; Anne of Green Gables . &#34; Not so . After I read this I got everything else he wrote that I could find on Kindle -LRB- everything , and it 's all free -RRB- . Thank God for Kindle and public domain literature .
 Good book still reading it still trying to understand all the different wording of the book but it 's pretty good I want you to review everything hopefully
 After years of thinking I would read this found that when I did it was captivating . So many twists and turns in this story , I was spellbound . The language is sometimes a little challenging , but it is definitely worth the read .
 Excellent work from Thomas Hardy . This novel takes you to England of the late 1800s . The descriptions are very vivid and the plot keeps you interested into what 's going to happen next .
 Never saw the ending coming ! Could n't put the book down . You become attached to all the characters , feeling they are your own group of friends .
 Tess was so tortured I was sure she would end up happily . But no . An unbelievably sad ending . Poor Tess . Men !!!
 By today 's standards certain passages of this book may seem rather vague and subtle , but they were shocking when first written -- enough that the book was subject to heavy censorship -- vital passages from it were removed . And that is really what makes this book so grand . Its take on the double standards of the society in which fictional Tess lived may seem very distant from today 's post-60 's equality society , but it was very real then.The book follows Tess ' journey through the English countryside , but what makes it so fascinating is the constant flow of her thought patterns as she tries to rationalize the hand she has been dealt . The modern reader may be befuddled , as her thoughts are representative of another culture and another time , but what is fascinating is the little insights on human nature that shine through . The joy she feels tempered by the despair in her past . The ignorant self-righteousness of overzealous youth . The mistakes that even very good , well-meaning people can make , without realizing it , that hurt others deeply . We hope for her as she lives through the initial tragedy , the slow recovery , the surge of joy she experiences , we are disgusted at the hypocritical betrayal that eventually leads to her final breakdown.The prose itself too has a personality , often taking time to smell the roses and indulge in the lush scenery , fascinating historical anecdotes and social interactions that Tess deals with on a daily basis . For those who over-glamorize the past , here is a very honest look at the physical and mental hardships people faced in it . Hardy quotes Ascham
 I had to write a review just to bring up a rating that was unfairly knocked down by a handful of obtuse reviewers . I was n't an English lit major like some of these reviewers , but I have read upwards of 10,000 books in my life - with a concentration on literature - and have to say that the descriptive writing in `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' is the most beautiful and poetic I have yet encountered . It is not the most exciting , nor the most stunningly transformative -LRB- that honour goes to `` Altas Shrugged '' -RRB- book , but the construction and execution is exquisite.The book is in fact slowly paced - so much so in the first couple of chapters that I was rebuffed the first time I started reading it . However , a little patience will grant you entry into the gorgeous spell Hardy invokes . Yes , it is a `` victorian '' novel , but the sublimity of the writing and of the plot 's tragedy emancipates it from the staidness of the genre.The upshot is that you should n't turn to this book if you want a fast paced thriller or `` clever '' writing . Read it if you want to cultivate your awareness of exceptional beauty ; this book is for the cultured connoisseur , not needy readers .
 Never have I been so moved by a work of fiction ... Hardy 's masterpiece embodies the perpetual uniqueness of War and peace - and the emotional conviction of Wuthering Heights . Must , must , must read !
 If you 've never read a book by Thomas Hardy and only want to read one , it should be this one . This is one of the few classics that can still grip the modern reader , enchant , outrage and enlighten him . It often amazes me that it was not a woman who wrote this novel , for Tess is such a many-faceted and non-standardized character that the men in the novel just fade into the background .
 Any self confessed ` woe is me ' - style drama queen will be inconsolable if they ever stumble across Hardy 's story about the ultimate victim . Tess is used and abused by almost every other character in the book and remains unshakeably self righteous throughout . -LRB- well almost -RRB- Without giving too much away , strong irony is cleverly used here and there , Hardy 's always wonderful theme-setting descriptive skills shine as usual and the character studies are brilliant . Every main person in the book has one surprise or other up their sleeve . All in all , it 's a classic tragedy ...
 This is a good book . It is sad that many of Tess bad decisions caused her life to be worst off than it should have been . Instead of making lemonade from her lemons in life life she continued to suck on the sour sour fruit over and over again .
 I remember having to read this novel in high school and wanted to read it again . I had forgotten most of the story and thoroughly enjoyed following Tess through her trials and tribulations , albeit some self imposed .
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles is possibly my favorite classic . Thomas Hardy is a brilliant writer as evidened by this novel . If you 've never read it please do so . It 's free on Amazon . You will fall in love with Tess and curse the life she is dealt .
 This is one of the most emotionally powerful books I have ever read . It 's long and the writing style is a bit wordy by today 's standards , but stick with it and you will be rewarded . The story centers on poor , innocent , good-hearted , beautiful Tess who , at age sixteen , is persuaded by her parents to visit their wealthier relatives in hopes that they will help Them out financially . Tess gets taken advantage of by her sleazy `` cousin '' , Alec d'Urberville , and returns home pregnant , her reputation ruined . Thus begins Tess 's sad , sad tale . Tess eventually marries Angel Clare , a man she idolizes , but on their wedding night ... . Well , I 'll let you read it for yourself and find out what happen . The story really picks up in the second half , so do n't give up on it.Tess , Alec , and Angel are all complex and fascinating characters . The story deals with issues of religion , morality , class differences , the changing English economy , and the double standard that pertains to men and women . It never loses its focus on Tess and her incredibly moving story . It builds to a devastating conclusion that I never saw coming . Have a box of tissues and a carton of ice cream at the ready when you finish this book . You 'll need them !
 Tess is one of the more depressive novels I 've read lately . My wife will attest to the fact that I have a strange affinity to depressing stories . With that in mind , let me say that I really enjoyed this book.The writing was at times a bit too much for me for the reason that I get annoyed at many 18th and 19th century novels ... namely , that Hardy focuses far too much on minute descriptions and in-depth analysis of setting and location . Do n't get me wrong , I love a vivid and lush environment and I much prefer a fleshed out character to a flat one . I just sometimes feel that all of the flowery descriptions slow down the story telling element too much . There were a few paragraphs/pages that I tried to skim through in order to get to the next relevant points of plot . Still , I do n't know that I 'd want to edit out the descriptive text since it does comment on the narrative itself in a metafictional sort of way.The main characters in this book are wonderfully composed . They are absolutely and completely frustrating but they are superbly crafted nonetheless . I wanted to smack each of the main characters on many occasions.Tess is far too willing to simply be acted upon and then to bemoan her fate . Alec is an absolute pig -LRB- although towards the end of our experience with him , it 's debatable just how awful he truly is -RRB- . And Angel is far too inconsistent to be liked at all ... at first he seems almost lovable ... then he deserves to be hated ... then he seems slightly adequate ... then he becomes repulsive again ... he 's just far too wishy-washy in his behavior and ideals to ever be fully redeemable.The story itself falls into the realm of realism taken to its extreme . The plot elements felt almost like the Bible story of Job ... whatever could go wrong willgo wrong . And even though Tess was generally found to be almost whining about her circumstances rather than trying to make things better for herself , the story was still rather thought provoking since it makes you wonder just how you would handle horrific circumstances and what can truly be done about them . Is it better to try and solve the problem or better to just let fate and happenstance take its toll.Personally , I try to make the best out of any bad situation ... perhaps that 's why I like `` depressing '' stories ... they make me realize my life could be worse and they help inspire me to always think of the best possible outcome.I 'm sure this book wo n't be for everyone . Those who want a happy fairy-tale romp through a girl 's life would do better to stay away . Those who are easily frustrated by fallen characters , will find themselves hating all of the primary roles in this book . The book is n't terribly lengthy -LRB- ~ 300-400 ? -RRB- but some of the longer descriptive passages do crawl by at times.Still , I whole-heartedly recommend this book to those who are willing to look imperfection and awful situations square in the face and come away smiling . It 's not a happy book . It 's not a terribly fast past book -LRB- which can also be frustrating ... I wanted to shout Just do it to Tess many times -RRB- . But it is a wonderfully rich book and definitely worth getting into . ***** 4.5 stars -LRB- out of 5 -RRB-
 Thomas Hardy is a definite for anyone serious about literature . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is not to be passed up , it 's a treat . I did n't find it at all over descriptive nor boring .
 Although written well over a century ago , Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a surprisingly modern novel with unmatched poetic beauty . The author , Thomas Hardy , jabs at the age-old issues of sexism , social class , and morality in this seemingly simple tragic romance . The heroine is the titular Tess , an elegant but unassuming countryside beauty from a poor farming family . Her misery begins when the family discovers that they are not the shabby Durbeyfields after all , but rather the descendants of the illustrious and ancient D'Urbervilles . But Tess ' doom goes hand in hand with her heritage . Introduced to her newfound rich relations , she is forced to become the mistress of her cousin Alec D'Urberville . Naturally she is blamed for her `` defilement '' and resulting pregnancy . Tess of the D'Urbervilles cynically examines the high-strung , sexist Victorian society and the hypocritical Anglican Church , while simultaneously providing a window into the human soul . Hardy captivates the reader with his luminous heroine , a saintly creature forced to commit terrible deeds against her will . He questions the very nature of morality , asserting that neither society nor the church has the authority to judge virtue . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a masterpiece of literature -- tragic and romantic , poetic and critical -- a wondrously perceptive literary work . The reader is captivated from start to finish , from the opening imagery of the lovely English countryside to the fateful , deeply symbolic conclusion set amid the cragged rocks of the Stonehenge .
 Deep . Tragic . Memorable.Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a wonderful read and highly recommended . I had high expectations of this book and they were all surpassed after reading it . It is very moving and the story stays with you long after you 've read it . It is also full of memorable scenes such as the one wherein Angel sleep walks with Tess in his arms.Read it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles must be one of the most moving and beautifully written novels ever created . Hardy 's writing does n't just move the plot from one point to the next , it undulates and flows from season to season with Tess as her life flows from one point to the next . As has been pointed out in other reviews , it does have a good amount of pagan imagery and associations . Tess is dancing on May day -LRB- the first of May -RRB- when Angel and she first cross paths , Angel often calls her by the names of pagan godesses when he is wooing her at the dairy and she agrees to work for Farmer Groby until `` Old Lady 's Day . '' The imagery that Hardy interweaves in the novel is even more pagan . Tess is virginal and innocent and hopeful , like a nymph or thing of nature . And even when she 's no longer a virgin -LRB- a rather important event in the novel -RRB- she 's still innocent and hopeful . Truly , she does not lose her hope until the very end and then she is allowed to regain it , if only momentarily . The hardest thing about reading this novel is that it is tragic , for Tess anyway , the whole way through . But that 's the way Hardy meant it . And in the end it breaks your heart . But not in a melodramatic way , drawn out , Hollywood ending/Braveheart kind of way . More like the slice of the guillotine
 Angel 's perceptual turnabout comes a day late and a dollar short . In Hardy 's Victorian world , the victim was the co-perpetrator . He had to justify to his audience that despite her technical loss of virginity , Tess was pure in essence . She was a victim of bad luck , particularly that of being at the wrong place at the wrong time . I loved when Irving Howe remarked that `` Tess is ... goodness made interesting . '' Unfortunately , Tess never got to appreciate or even recognize her goodness . She was so full of -LRB- unmerited -RRB- shame and a sense of inferiority . Angel 's liberalism and code of ethics gave way to censure , and he reinforced Tess 's self-doubts . He could overlook her being a milkmaid from the fallen D'Urbeville lineage , but not a victim of rape . That even a man like Angel would be influenced by the Victorian attitude -LRB- and not recognize the timeless double standard -RRB- is Hardy 's sharp social critique .
 Several years ago when I was in high school we had to read The Mayor of Casterbridge -LRB- also by Hardy -RRB- . I did NOT enjoy it under the circumstances , but decided to give Tess a try a few years later . I must say , it has certainly become one of my favorite all time books . Hardy really lets the reader see and feel what is happening in the lives of the characters . I must admit that I even shed a few tears at the end -LRB- something I rarely do while reading -RRB- . This book is a must read for anyone who likes literature at all !
 `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles , '' by Thomas Hardy , is a book about a young woman who struggles to find her place in society . When it is discovered that the low-class Durbeyfield family is in reality the d'Urbervilles , the last of a famous blood line that dates back hundreds of years , the mother sends her eldest daughter , Tess , to beg money from relations with the obvious desire that Tess wed the rich Mr. d'Urberville . Thus begins a tale of woe in which a wealthy man cruely mistreats a poor girl . Tess is taken advantage of by Mr. d'Urberville and leaves his house , returning home to have their child , who subsequently dies . Throughout the rest of this fascinating novel , Tess is tormented by guilt at the thought of her impurity and vows to never marry . She is tested when she meets Angel , the clever son of a priest , and falls in love with him . After days of pleading , Tess gives in to Angel and consents to marry him . Angel deserts Tess when he finds the innocent country girl he fell in love with is not so pure . This touching story depicts how difficult it was being a woman in the 1800s . There are many reasons to recommend `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles . '' It is a story one can easily relate to . If anyone has ever suffered prejudice , then he/she will want to read this book . The book is also thought-provoking . `` Tess '' is also interesting in that the author gives the point of view of all the characters in it , not simply that of Tess . This means that the reader gets a better understanding of the plot . Thomas Hardy writes in an eloquent and descriptive manner . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' does have perceived flaws . It has been described as rather verbose , but one finds that this is not the case , and that the details only add to the book . The plot is tragic , which might make it depressing to read . However , one finds that it is tragic in a beautiful and compelling sense , not in a sad sense . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' is a book that will touch your heart .
 Tess Durbeyfield is an outstanding character that overcomes several obstacles to find where she is trully from . She leaves her home to discover if she is a part of the weathly family-the D'Urbervilles . She does come across a distant cousin by the name of Alec . As the two get to know each other , Alec takes advantage of the young dame . Tess then leaves and find work . She finds work on a dairy . A young man by the name of Angel Clare grows quite fond of the young Tess . They both grow to love each other . As the book continues , Tess and Alec re-unite ; but , she commits a crime to return to her true love-Angel . This is a wonderful novel of the heroine Tess and her fight through the early society of men dominance .
 This is a rather difficult book to read and complete , speaking of the dull parts , but all in all , this is the tragic and touching tale of truth and hate . Racism against the ones you love , and moreover , why the truth hurts . A hard analysis on every human beings hating because others hate . Peer pressure and upbringings clash and combine in this powerful classic .
 The most well known Thomas Hardy novel , is also the hardest to read . His writing sways back and forth , keeping you perk and alert , trying to understand what 's going on . I had to keep on flipping back to see what I had missed . As long as you understand this book , you will like it . From any other point , if you do n't like the typical average classic , this one will addict you.Even after I finished reading the last page of this book , I was still thinking
 I do n't understand why everyone else who wrote a review did n't like this book . It 's one of the weirdest yet greatest books I 've read . It 's up there in the pile with Jane Eyre ! From my point of view , the majority of people who wrote a review where FORCED to read the book in school , and people do n't like to be ordered around . I picked this book out myself at a bookstore and thank myself for doing that , it was a last minute decision to buy this book . What teachers should do is recommend books , not make students read them , it kills the interest in a book . This was a nice blend of tragic and weakness . Usually a book has a fierce female fighting the mean , crude , bad man . But this book was different , being a weak girl and innocent man , and being different is just like thinking differently , and that 's good .
 This was a very chilling and creepy book to read , I highly enjoyed it and recommended it . It came as such a great surprise that this book , written decades ago , is comparabely as scary as Stephen King novels , but more wicked -LRB- and rather a bit more difficult of a task to read -RRB- . Through circumstances and the evil of others , the young just prior nymph Tess Durverfield , suffers a series of tragedies . A victim of innocence , youth , beauty , and love . THIS WAS GREAT !
 Tess Durberville/Durberfield is your average victim of Hardy 's female `` heroines '' . In this case , the female is a poor old beauty that is somewhat of a goody-goody girl . But because of her innocence and little contact with other humans , she is seduced and ultimatly raped by a distant relative , something that drags her into the pits of life and kills her in the end.I personally thought this book was difficult -LRB- had a hard time grasping what exactly happened while Tess was `` seduced '' and where she was `` seduced -RRB- . Unlike most classics , this book was very hard to put down .
 Tess is a very difficult book and I would not recommend it to the average old contemporary reader . There is so much more meaning behind the birth of the rapist 's child , and the break-up of Tess and her `` husband '' Angel . You have to read the fine-lines and `` footnotes '' . In other words , there is absolutely no way you could relate to this book , and anyways ... why would you want to relate to books ? The experiences Tess goes throught at such an early age has scarred her for life . Well , she does n't live much of a life now that you think about it .
 As the synoposis says
 When Tess and her one-day husband confess to each other their deepest and darkest secrets , it unleashes a past Tess has survived through that disgusts and turns-off her husband , Angel , which leads them to live separate lives . TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES has to be one of the most honest and candid literary novels out there yet to be printed .
 A favorite Hardy classic of mine , Tess of the Durbervilles is a haunting look at a lost young woman , who through the harshes of life , including rape and childbirth , is dupped by her husband the day after their wedding has taken place , after they confess to each other of their horrid pasts .
 This is one my favorite books ! I read it in high school and it really touched me . I read it again recently , and loved it even more . This is one of those stories that will haunt you ... but in a good way . You will find yourself analyzing this book in your mind long after you 've read it thinking about the various situations and how they could have been different . This book is sad , depressing , and heartbreaking , but absolutely beautiful !
 A beautifully written , dark masterpiece about an unforgetable Victorian girl . Her father discovers he is descended from aristocracy and drinks himself into a stupor , unable to fulfill his obligations . Tess takes his place and , through a series of misfortunes , is sent away to rich ` relatives ' with the hope of getting financial assistance for her family . She meets a rogue at the mansion , and is taken in by him in so many ways . Fast forward . She meets another man and falls in love . Through their tragic love story , much is discovered about the morality , rules , and expectations of Victorian society.Thomas Hardy has brought to life amazing characters in this work , and he has conceived a story which will embed themselves into the psyche as one contemplates this work again and again . It 's a beautiful love story , and so much more . Highly recommended !
 I read this book because one of the young ladies I mentored felt like she needed someone to sympathize through her work with her . She was reading this while going through a terrible time at home , and while I was counseling her the best I could from the Internet , I read this book at home . I read it along with her , and let her know what I was enjoying or not enjoying about the book.And I found that I was enjoying far more than anticipated . A brilliant tale of the constant penalties Tess must pay in her life for being exactly who she is .
 i first read this book at 16 years old and i will not soon forget it . any book a child remembers is well worth it .
 This is one of my favourite books . It is so beautifully written that even through the frustrations and hardships the heroine faces , you are drawn on by the power of the language and the force of the story . Hardy was trying to make an important point in the writing of this story , and while such a tale seems unimaginable in today 's world , it nevertheless resonates , particularly with women . Shocking in it 's day , Hardy 's efforts were felt . Tess is a provocative look at the plight of the 19th century woman , unnaturally naive to a world run by world-wise men . I 'm not sure I 've ever recovered from this book , and it has been a powerful influence in my own work.But yes , it 's always wise to read the forward and preface LAST in any book , particularly literature .
 A MUST READ ! Although I was originally recommended this story alongside The Scarlet Letter on a reading list , other than the theme of love and extramarital pregnancy , Tess exceeds in every way . My favorite aspect is that it is intricately woven with complex characters that make the reader question whether they should love , pity , or hate each -LRB- or all of the above -RRB- . And I love that the story is complete ... almost a series of stories following Tess , flowing from one stage of her life to the next . I ca n't go too in depth with this review without giving away important details I think you 'll enjoy discovering along the way . All I can do is recommend that every read Tess of the d'Urbervilles at least once ! Or in my case going on my 9th time so far . lol -RRB-
 This book is one classic I had been looking forward to reading this summer . It was a good book in the end , but I did have a little trouble really getting into it . Once I did get it started I wanted to keep reading to see what Tess would do next . I would recommend that people read this book , but keep in mind it is a classic !
 No happy fairy tale happy ending here . Hardy 's novel must have been quite scandalous back when it was written for its treatment of a taboo subject . Things inevitably go from bad to worse . I typically adore tragedy but I found even myself desirous of untroubled ending , but it was not to be .
 * The following may contain many spoilers * Thomas Hardy 's Tess of the d'Urbervilles was an amazing novel . The language was full of beautiful imagery and the characters were unforgettable . Hardy 's use of birds and colors as symbolism provide a vivid picture of the novel . Tess 's story is compelling , tragic , and beautiful . Despite the difficult language , once one begins to catch the flow of the novel , it is almost impossible to put the book down.Tess of the d'Urbervilles is the tragedy about a young maiden who is seduced/raped by an incorrigible Alec Stoke-d'Urberville . Her life from there only becomes worse . She falls in love with Angel Clare , who does not know her secret , so their relationship is doomed from the start . Circumstances and human nature drives the innocent Tess to unspeakable bounds , finally leading up to a murder and an execution . Like a bird , Tess has unknowingly flown too high and tragically falls from grace . She is the 19th century version of Eve . Hardy 's subtle yet profound allusions to the Bible , more specifically Genesis , can not be mistaken.This novel is one that should , or must , be read by all . It is a grand tale about love , fate , and the human condition . Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a classic novel because it never goes out of style .
 Thomas Hardy 's novel , Tess of the D'Urbervilles , is truly a classic . Hardy 's use of vivid imagery to evoke emotion was magnificent . His ability to bring life to the scenes of the novel made the comprehension of the story much easier . The sad story of Tess ' demise was provided with a great deal of emotion , which made the novel incredible to read.We follow Tess throughout her life , experiencing all the emotions associated with her horrific teenage years . We are able to see the progression of her character and the emotions that drove her all the way towards the end of novel . It was evident that Hardy used his keen ability to address his opinion of the imminent will.Hardy has done an outstanding job , and though Tess ' story , he has addressed serious problems with society that have transcended to even this era . An outstanding job ! To see that the only a few people have given this novel five stars amazes me ! Tess was an extraordinary novel ; the power of this work of literature is unlike any other . It is unique and a must read for any high school student . I 'm proud to say that this novel was enjoyable and an interesting read . From start to miserable finish , Hardy kept my eyes glued . His vivid imagery and interesting diction proved to be a great addition to an already interesting plot .
 I agree with mulcahey -LRB- five stars , Sept. 23 , 2003 -RRB- , who sounds like a college professor . I 'm not a scholarly reader . I miss the hidden meanings , the underlying philosophy , and so on . I read purely for enjoyment -LRB- and sometimes education -- read Lolita if you want to discover new words -RRB- . In addition to what mulcahey said , the book is simply highly enjoyable to read . It 's very touching . It 's the kind of reading experience that will leave you thinking about it for days or weeks . The writing style is elegant and poetic . Anyone who has tried to write will appreciate the grace and beauty.It 's not a light read , like something you take on a plane to ward off boredom . It 's the kind of read that takes a little effort . The reward is definitely there , however .
 Thomas Hardy -LRB- 1840-1928 -RRB- created one of the great heroines in all of world literature when his pen drew Tess in 1891 . Tess Durbeyville is a poor girl in rural Wessex . Her father is a drunk with a weak heart . Her mother is childish and her parental skills are sadly lacking . Tess is the leader of the family . Her father learns their family descends from the aristocratic but decadent D'urberville clan who came to Britain with William the Conqueror . Tess visits a nouveau riche branch of the family . She is quickly seduced , drugged and becomes pregant by the evil Alec D'urberville . Tess returns to her family in disgrace . She baptizes the illegitimate child Sorrow who dies soon after birth . Tess travels to a a dairy owned by the Cricks . Here she meets Angel Clare the nonbelieving son of a ruralclergyman . Complications and irony ensue as in all Hardy 's well plotted novels . Angel is a weak man who is a fallen angel on what Hardy calls this blighted star -LRB- earth -RRB- . I did not care for him or his pious family!The culmination of the novel comes when Tess murders Alec ; flees with Angel ; is captured at Stonehenge and is hanged for murder . These are the plot developments but Tess is so much more.The book is a poetic prose masterpiece . Hardy the countryman provides rich evocations of the English countryside yielding its pristine beauty to the coming industrial age . Reapers and trains are intrusions into old Wessex 's slow progress of the bucolic season . Throughout the novel I appreciated Hardy 's hatred of killing animals and birds such as the poignant incident of the dying pheasants in a field following a wantonhunting expedition by humans . Tess too is hunted , hounded and caged like a bird entraped by her dire circumstances.Hardy fell in love with the fictional Tess . Who is she ? She is woman!An earth mother ; sacrificial victim ; a panther ; a temptress ; an innocent country girl ; a pagan goddess sprung from the soil of England ; a mysteriious presence who is often pictured in the fog and mists . Tess dreams as does a fairy tale princess . Tess is a woman of strong passions inherited from the D'urberville family who kills and loves , laughs and sings , cries and rejoices in the complicated and tragic life she is given.The prudery of Victorian England disdained Tess causing Hardy much pain . He often had to change the text of the novel to assuage the prim souls of his editors . And yet Tess lives in the minds of the reader as the acme of his creation of memorable female characters . One can never really understand the multifaceted Tess ; we can simply spend time with this fascinating witch and madonna . Tess will live forever in the minds of all of us who consider Hardy a genius .
 Tess 's father , Mr. Durbeyfield , is told by a minister that his family is the direct lineage of an old , noble family that was once thought to be completely gone . There 's nothing left of the family 's land and fortune , except the family name -LRB- d'Urberville -RRB- . However , Mr. Durbeyfield and his wife see this as a chance to move up on the social ladder . They devise a plan to send their daughter to become acquainted with a rich woman who 's last name is d'Urberville . From then on , Tess is left to try to maintain her dignity and honor and to pick up the pieces of her broken life that resulted from her parents ' need to be important.This is my first time reading anything by Thomas Hardy . I was warned that he was cynical man , and I 'll agree that Hardy 's prose is cynical , yet heartrending . I could n't help feeling bad for Tess through all her troubles . This is not a happy novel . For a moment , you think that things will get better for Tess , but the fates seem to be against her.The landscape of the novel changes with the mood of what 's happening . The land itself almost seems to be a living person that he described.He uses vivid , beautifully described imagery to describe people and places in his novels . There are themes of theology -LRB- Hardy had internal conflicts with believing in God -RRB- , virtue , the boundaries of love . He employs everything from Greek mythology to modern -LRB- or what was modern in his day -RRB- poetry.There are no illusions of a happily-ever-after in this story . This was simply a beautiful novel , a novel that portrays its female heroine as the strong woman she was . She could put more modern women heroines to shame .
 I was reading this book for an assignment in English , and the images that it left in my mind will remain there for a long time . The story of Tess , a truly Pure woman , facing adversities that scare the soul out of me , is a thoughtful and saddening one.The Norton Critical edition is particularily good , containing reviews and poems of and about Thomas Hardy , a major advantage when trying to understand the atmosphere that produced this novel.Though the novel is heavy in description , the description is not out of place . In fact , it is essential to the storyline.All in all , I enjoyed this book , and it made me think and reflect on the values that I believe are truly important .
 Since Hardy can be rather boring in his poetry , I expected that I would n't even be able to finish this book . On the contrary , as soon as I had started to read it , I coul n't put it down ! This is a work of great depth and Hardy has an amazing way of expressing himself , one that really captures the imagination -LRB- like Dickens -RRB- ! I heartily recommend this book for anyone , Victorian-lover or not . The articles are also highly illuminative ; this book is definitely worth reading more than once !
 I had Peglet 's experience when reading this book -LRB- and `` Jude the Obscure '' as well -RRB- . I recommend , as she does , that the reader not try to empathize with the characters ; it 'll make you too angry . I wanted to reach into the book and strangle Angel a few times , for reasons that are obvious to anyone who has read the book.I must point out that one reviewer has stated incorrectly that Tess was `` raped . '' If she had been , the book would not have had the force it does . It would have just been another `` victim of society '' or `` victim of men '' book . Take a close look at Tess ' confession to Angel on their wedding night.Think of this book not as an indictment of marriage and Victorian mores -LRB- although it certainly was meant to be , as `` Jude '' further develops -RRB- , but rather look at it as the relationships of three people who are never quite able to understand themselves and their natures well enough to avoid disaster . An excellent book . But once again , do n't try to empathize with the characters .
 Tess of the D'Ubervilles is sooo tragic ! I ca n't even ... So good , so romantic ... so sad ... so wonderful . Shakespeare 's tragedies never EVER touched me like this ! Promise me you 'll read it ! Just promise me!The most I can say in the way of analysis right now -LRB- and having just finished this story I probably should n't be writing this review with tears and the utter agony of human love and despair both streaming down my face -RRB- is that Tess is a classically tragic tale of what might have been but could never be . I hate to write anything so simple in the way of anyalyzing anything this vast , and there is no ONE LAYER or way of reading this story , but this to me is the overriding principle.That , at least , and the concept of what does it mean to be a pure woman/person ? Clearly Tess was pure , even in light of all that had happened to her . What a fool Angel was to let such a treasure slip out of his hands , and what a hypocrite ! I know I 'm understanding this from an American , 21st century way of thinking , but come on , Angel ?! Seriously !? You do n't blame the victim for their crime , and YOU had done the same thing WILLINGLY ! Blame yourself for bringing her to this end , you and the elitist group of fools you come from -LRB- author 's note
 I went into `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' with full knowledge of the harsh fate waiting for Tess , but that knowledge still could not prepare me for how harrowing and painful that journey was for her , and the reader . The character of Tess is so moral , innocent , kind , and unselfish against the society that is anything but , that Hardy 's message of fate and social hypocrisy reveals itself full force in the novel . Tess has a love for life and an optimism that takes the harshest and cruelest society to beat down , and that is heartbreaking to behold.I thought this was going to be a stuffy English novel , despite the fact I quite enjoy -LRB- most -RRB- Victorian novels I read . However , I discovered that Hardy 's prose flows well and is even beautifully poetic . Some of the best lines come from Tess 's mouth , showing that she is not only morally upright , but also smart and incredibly perceptive.Hardy has a great way with words ; romantic scenes are intensely passionate , emotional letters drip with feeling , and narrations delve into the feelings and thoughts of the characters so that the reader can understand , pity , empathize and sympathize with them . Most surprising perhaps is Hardy 's understanding of the female mind ; I think he has developed Tess into a believable and realistic heroine , and he has many interesting things to say about the differences of the genders , especially during that time period . `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' is a gorgeous yet heart-breaking novel . Not only does it entertain with its poetic prose and social themes , the novel also opens one 's mind to the hypocrisy of the times ; hypocrisies that even now may still appear in the thoughts and actions of people in this `` modern '' society .
 I read Tess of the D'Ubervilles two years ago . I have read several of Hardy 's novels and this is his best work . I recommend that everyone should read this novel.I am somewhat confused on some of the low ratings of this book and do not agree with the opinion of Tess . Tess is a strong woman who has weathered through some tough adversaries and situations . As with many books written in this time period , many women are weak , can not handle themselves and require a husband - not so with this novel.At the time this book was originally published there was much controversy and reviewers were very negative against Hardy -LRB- he stopped writing novels after bad reviews of Jude The Obscure -RRB- . This is unfortunate since this novel teaches us many things about life and respecting people even after 105 years.Update : I have read most of Hardy 's novels and still believe that Tess of the D'Ubervilles is his best work . I have since bought the Hardy complete poem edition by Palgrave and am looking forward to reading his poems -LRB- I like some poetry but not a total fan ; I am sure I will his poems -RRB- .
 The popularity of Hardy 's Tess makes me wonder why the apparent context in which the book was written seems to have been lost . Twelve years before Hardy 's Tess hit the shelf George MacDonald 's Paul Faber
 This is a wonderful story , it left me thinking instead of my usual forgetting about it 5 minutes later . The characters are intriging , and the story is interesting , making me not want to put it down . I -LRB- being only in high school -RRB- would definitly suggest that you read it .
 For English class , we wre assigned to read Tess . I love to read , but however was skeptical about this book . Once I started to read it , I just could n't stop ; I finished he whole thing way before deadline . I found the story incredibly intriguing , and the feelings and emotions so real I found myself throwing the book down in anger , screaming `` Darn it Tess , just marry him ! '' But i always picked it back up to see what would happen . It thorouhly engrossed me .
 I had difficulty at first staying with the book but after a couple of chapters I could n't put Tess down . As her character developed she showed me what a fine line the Victorian woman lived -- whether to profess her thoughts , will , love or to abide by society 's wishes and be self-sacrificing and totally obedient to the man she loves . Without spoiling the ending , her last act was the crescendo of all of the small ways in which she held herself back . There were times that I pleaded with her to `` go to him '' or `` tell him '' but it would have been out of character for a woman of her day . Hardy kept us informed of the landscape , weather and all living things in Tess 's environment , which I found breathtaking on many occasions . He painted the picture of his perfect woman . So perfect that he did n't want anyone to have her because he loved her himself . I enjoyed Tess very much .
 `` I became acquainted with Thomas Hardy through another of his classic works , which lent to my curiosity on this one when the audio version was made available to me . It was an experience , to the say the least , hearing how the innocent life of this girl of late 19th century England played out . For no reason other than her own naivet&eacute; is she rendered with injustice and prejudicial attitudes of the day - Hardy 's denouncement of his own country 's false morals . In my view , all males of our current day and age should find this impressive work required reading , and then determine whether they are an Alec D'urberville or an Angel Clare . It seems we all fall into one category or the other . ''
 If there were more than five stars possible , this book would get about seven . Hardy 's excellent descriptions and deep pathos combine to make this novel one of the best and saddest books I have ever read . This one is a must-read , but be prepared to cry .
 Please ignore the immature high-school student reviews and understand that this book is a masterpiece . Hardy analyzes the relationship between human desire and society 's mores to an unprecendented degree . The characters are multi-faceted and very life-like . Hardly aptly avoids the mistake of creating mere carciatures of the pure woman , idealistic intellectual , and spoiled playboy . Moreover , his use of religious allusion is excellent although this may alienate the modern , secular reader . And perhaps this is the problem with some readers . Finally , Tess is an admirable and strong woman who had difficult circumstances . How many people would act as admirably in her circumstance ? Not many ! The reviewers that criticize her actions should realize this and that they ignore one of Hardy 's key points
 It 's been a long time since I 've read a book written in this type of literary style so I have to admit it took some getting used to . Once I got into it though I really enjoyed the story . There was a real sense of sympathy for Tess , a real sense of hatred for Alec , and a sense of &#34; what ? &#34; with Angel that could not be denied . As the story was reaching its climax I found myself racing to the finish . The ending will leave you angry , sad , infuriated ... Tess 's life was so manipulated and in the end torn apart by family . Great story . I highly recommend this book .
 Hardy cleverly divides this novel into `` phases '' , like those of the moon , and each has its own atmosphere within the greater plot . It 's a novel about the destruction of innocence with two of the most complex male characters in fiction ; Alec , who seems like the archetypal pantomime villain but never abandons Tess , and Angel , the bad harp player who appears to be a perfect lover but who turns out to be a hypocrite of the highest order . The famous Stonehenge scene at the end is almost poetry , which is the way Hardy was heading in his career . It 's impossible not to empathise with Tess , whom Hardy calls `` a pure woman '' in the part-title .
 Great story . But so , so sad ! It is one of those books that you love , but hate how sad the story is . You can not help but feel for Tess as life seems against her at every turn .
 tom hrdy was a `` wimp '' . He wrote with aauthenticity `` Tess of The D'Urbervilles '' . The English aristocrats did n't want to read about their lack of morals in print . They covered for each other and often blackmailed each other into covering up terrible evils that they did to innocent people . The English Aristocracy threatned to close down English Publishing Houses if they published `` Tess of the `` D'Urbelles '' . The Macmillan publishing house in New York publishedTess of the D'Urbervilles . Macmillan Publishing House is a United States publishing houseowned by a United States private company.Tess of the D'Urbelles became a best seller in The United States and in English conqueredcountries.as well as London.Hardy was so disgusted with his countrymen and members of The English crown he only wrotepoems after `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' became a best seller.England is only 1,000 years old . The English crown and its ' relatives have played pseudo godso long they do n't honor the Real One . It 's no wonder there a lot of thunderstorms when English royals die . They 've met The Real God .
 All I could say when I finished the book was , WOW . The rigid 1800s society and the wickedness of Alec were what really killed Tess by increments , but through it all she was a noblewoman in the truest sense . Thomas Hardy creates a strong female character that is sure to continue to stand the test of time with flying colors .
 Truly an excellently written book . From the very beginning , Tess comes alive . Her parents are witless drunks with two many children , and Tess must care for them . When news comes to her idiot of a father that once the Durbeyfields were the D'Ubervilles , a family with a famous past , money and land , her life takes some terrible turns.One of the best things about this book is that it is not happy-go-lucky . When terrible things happen to her , Tess has no where to go . If you want to see what life for women was like , you can easily find out through Tess.The end is very unexpected , and absolutely perfect , and very satisfying as well . I did n't need to know what happened next , I was n't dying to read a sequel , I was content.For you people who love happy books , that have happy endings , middles , everything - read something by Jane Austen . If you are into reality , check this book out .
 This is possibly the saddest novel I have ever read . I have been thinking about it ever since I finished it . Few novels have evoked so much emotion in me . Tess makes me feel sad , frustrated , and angry.Tess of the Durbervilles is the story of Tess Durbeyfield , the daughter of poor , alcoholic parents who learn that they are of a noble bloodline and send Tess off to work for her noble `` cousin '' Alec Durberville . While there , Alec rapes Tess and she has his illegitimate baby . This event ruins Tess 's life . She is no longer pure , and virginal , and therefore brings shame upon her true love Angel Clare when her past is revealed.It is hard to believe , in this day and age , that Tess is shamed and ostracized because she was the victim of a horrible crime . Hardy 's novel is a powerful statement on the questionable morality of Victorian society . Tess , who is a heroic , brave , caring , selfless woman , is not worthy of Angel because she is somehow impure due to the rape . Angel , who has lived with a woman out of wedlock and is clearly not a virgin himself , feels justified in punishing Tess when he learns of her past.The writing is beautiful , but the story tragic . It will stay with you a long time .
 I love all of Hardy 's books but this is my favorite thus far . The ending is definately not what I expected and I could not stop thinking about it for days afterward . It is a break from his earlier works in that things do not really turn out for the better in the end . In typical Hardy style , people and events in the main characters past come back to bite her in the behind at the worst moments . This story is like a powder keg which is gradually packed over time until the fuze is lit and everything explodes into a million pieces .
 I think Thomas Hardy is an interesting mixture of romantic poet and social realist novelist although his dramas take place in primarily rural settings . The poetic strain in Hardy 's temperament makes him romanticize some of the same things the romantic poets did . For instance few settings in his work are more powerfully evocative than a ruin . And his sense that we are at the mercy of both nature and our own emotions makes reading a Hardy novel a bit like reading romantic poetry . So if you like romantic poetry especially the bleaker of those poems you will like Hardy 's novels . Tess was made into a great film by Roman Polanski in 1979 -LRB- and another more recent film version appeared on A&E -RRB- and it is hard for a Victorian novel to compete with that kind of entertainment but what the novel has that the movie versions do not is Hardy 's descriptions of landscape . You may remember a scene from the -LRB- Polanski -RRB- movie when Tess is walking through a field and as beautiful as that scene was visually it is even more beautiful to read Hardy describe it poetically linking Tess to nature in a very sensuous prose passage . Hardy is not known for his optimism -LRB- most romantics are n't after all so very optimistic -RRB- and both his prose and poetry seem to seek out the starkest surrondings and settings to offset and emphasize the fleeting nature of those rare moments of beauty . If you like spending time in the country this novel is a kind of hike back in time and into the countryside where men and women live out their days affected by forces they can not altogether explain and that conspire in ways that do not lead down the rosiest of paths . Most of the men in this novel are weak , but Tess 's strength which is perhaps linked to her heritage makes this an unusual and powerful story . She is perhaps the best bit of poetry Hardy ever came up with . She is certainly the strongest thing ever to appear in a Hardy landscape .
 Much else has been said . Hardy in this book describes better than anyone I have ever read , the experience of being in love . Not one sentence , not one paragraph and not one scene
 I really really liked this book , but what I really think should happen here is to put full text cliff notes or barron 's book notes so that they 're easy to find . It 's driving me insane that I ca n't find one single critical essay about Jude the Obscure . It 's insane-driving .
 After many years of reading and prodding classics in my courses , Tess of the Durbervilles was not at all a book I wanted to read . But obliviously , I had to read it ... and Lucky I had to because Tess is one of the best of English literature ! Such a masterpiece ! Such a creation ! Such a tale !
 At times I found myself holding my breath while reading this suspenseful fiction of the past . I was surprised to find myself so engrossed in such a timeless tale !
 I am collecting the Penguin cloth covered books . These classic books look awesome in a bookcase . I would highly recommend them .
 Great read , had very few mistakes . The tragedy and triumph in this story has always attracted me , in a way that few stories have been able to do.It will always be on my favorite read list . Tess is the epitome of being a woman born in a time when circumstances really called for strength and courage . Now on my kindle fire and will go with me everywhere .
 `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' tells of the titular heroine ; a simple rural girl who , because of her beauty and gentle , trusting nature , is used and abused by those around her . The story begins when her impoverished family is informed that they are descended from a local wealthy clan . Her family sets about trying to better their situation by having Tess approach their distant relatives ; unfortunately , this decision results in Tess meeting the devious Alec d'Uberville , who agrees to help Tess , with the intent of seducing her . Despite being the victim , Tess is the one who will pay over and over again.Hardy has created a genuine masterpiece . The characters are complex - even the seemingly simple Tess . The incredibly sad story is used to explore human nature and the ways in which people treat each other . I found myself highlighting passage after passage of the book and noting the fundamental human truths Hardy describes . I was particularly struck by a passage in which , after her seduction , Tess ponders , `` The past was past ; whatever it had been , it was no more at hand . Whatever its consequences , time would close over them . '' She further muses , `` To all mankind besides , -LSB- she -RSB- was only a passing thought . Even to friends she was no more than a frequently passing thought . '' How true , but unfortunately , Tess ' past would never stop haunting her.When Tess meets the aptly names Angel Clare , she thinks that she has finally put the past behind her . Angel accepts her unquestioningly . Once again , though , fate intervenes and Tess is made to suffer for her past misdeeds , which are not really even misdeeds . At times , her victimhood is a bit much , and Tess appears weak , but her treatment is reflective of the sexual mores of the time , and Tess 's willingness to endure mistreatment to protect her family and others is noble . The plot marches toward tragedy , with Tess managing to miss every opportunity for happiness . A truly devastating book.Note
 I purchased the movie and wanted to read the book also . It is sad as well , as I see life lessons in reading this book . It follows the film exactly , especially the beginning , in my opionion .
 I put this book on my ipod and then thought I 'd like to be able to read it when I could n't listen . I have a kindle and kindle fire . It went to both Kindles ! Yea ! Now I have the book all places so how ever I want to read it I can !! Amazon makes it all happen like magic .
 Loving the book . Was in good condition and arrived in a timely manner ! I can not wait to funish the book . Great price too . Thank you !
 As always , I am greatly impressed with Amazon 's delivery of e-books for the Kindle . I often get books at no cost -LRB- the so-called `` old masters '' for which there is no charge -RRB- , and the service is just as speedy and efficient as if I were paying $ 50 !!
 I read this book in high school and I really liked it . Unfortunately it 's just a big sad story , and you 're constantly cheering for Tess . That being set aside , the book was physically in great shape , it shipped and arrived very quickly . I have ZERO complaints !
 I 'm only a third of the way through the book , so I ca n't fairly review it , although we all know it 's a classic and it is clearly a great story . Hardy 's classical allusions alone make the book worthwhile , even though I already know it 's a train wreck in the making and dread every page turn because I know Tess is going to take it in the chops , over and over.But why do I know we 've got a train wreck on our hands ? Because of the bleeping Introduction , which gives everything away ! Please ! Post a spoiler alert , for the love of all things literary!What I really wanted to share , however , is that this is a lovely book , just as far as the book itself goes . I read a lot of books on my Kindle and am very happy with it , but there is something so very seductive and special about this hardover edition with the pretty sheaves of wheat -LRB- red , of course ... that crops up a lot in this story ! -RRB- and I love the little red satin bookmark that is included . Just wish there were two of them ; one for the placemarker in the story and one for the notes at the end , which are copious and another great addition to this edition .
 I read this classic nearly 50 years ago in an English literature class . I still remember the passion and pathos of the prose . I am reading it again -- this time on Kindle .
 Even though the length of this book is very long , it was one of the most compelling books I have read . You are taken back in time to the 1800 's and how life was lived , the wealthy and the poor . Tess is accepting of her life of poverty but her Father wants more.He wants the life that goes with the surname so sends Tess off to meet and marry one of the d'Urbervilles so his dreams might come true . She was very innocent when it came to dealing with the aristocracy and became pregnant . She returned home , much to her Mother and Dad 's disappointment and spent a great part of the rest of her life by feeling like a failure . She left home and then came the dealing with a difficult reality of numerous jobs and people who would take advantage of her.The characters in this book are memorable and you will become part of Tess 's life . A wonderful work by Thomas Hardy .
 Sad , sad story of love and faithful waiting for a quite undeserved husband for his return . This is the love of the nineteen century .
 I had no idea what emotional roller coaster I was in for with this story . The story is told very well and the characters are rich with emotion , motivation , and strength . I do n't want to give the story away , but it is a must read if you like classic English authors .
 I found the book to be a little wordy , with Thomas Hardy 's elaborate descriptions , but the story was a page turner from beginning to end .
 A sad tale for anyone to read - for a feminist like myself , it was heartbreaking . A classic tale of women 's suffering and the unfortunate things that happened before women 's rights were liberated . Amazingly written , another triumph for Thomas Hardy .
 I 'm not going to write a long , flowery review . I will merely say I loved this book . I read it many years ago in school and it moved me in a way a book never had before . This book changed me from a kid that had to read , into a kid that loved to read .
 I can not believe I waited so long to read this fantastic and fabulous novel ! Without a doubt , this is the most probing and moving novel I have ever read in my entire life . It hit areas of my heart and mind as no other book ever has , especially in terms of being a woman . It was never required reading in any area of my schooling , even college . Yet as a former administrator , grade advisor , and mentor in a private school , I now realize that many of the students were required to read this book , but I never thought of reading it to discuss it with them ; what a mistake . Had I known , this book would have been an invaluable tool for bringing out the horrors of the double standard.Every man , woman and child alive should read this book to find out the true sentiments of a woman who is brutalized sexually and mentally and shunned , not only by the man in question , but by the community , her family , the clergy , and ultimately , the man who claims to love her . How she deals with a `` shame '' that has been thrust upon her is crushing , and brings to mind that even in this 21st century , the double standard has not changed one iota , not even in the biggest of cities , regardless of what we see and hear in books , films and music . Go into any neighborhood , in any town , and in any city , and we see that this still exists . Tess of the d'Ubervilles walks among us even today , for she is still whispered about .
 A very good story once you get used to the old English language . Learned a lot about life in Victorian England and the double standard for men and women . Glad I read it .
 Not being a particular fan of some of the current trends in fiction , I 've decided to read through the classics this summer . If I had bothered to read what this book was about , I probably would n't have started with this one . It was wonderfully written , compelling story telling . It was also incredibly sad . I spent the whole time rooting for the heroine and , if you 've read the book , you know exactly how that turned out . Now to find a classic novel without a depressing ending .
 Man ... I thought that The Return of the Native was good ... Tess of the d'Urbervilles by the Great Thomas Hardy was a very long novel for me . Hardy 's scope and incredible projection of Wessex was very admirable and how he presents Tess as a person is very beautiful.The novel begins with Tess ' father learning that his family , the Durbeyfields is descended from a long gone ancient regime , the d'Urbervilles . I really love how Hardy makes you feel like this is the ultimate cross for Tess and her family to bear . How Tess grows to hate this fact . After the Durbeyfield 's horse is impaled , yes impaled , when Tess and her brother are trying to deliver something that her father is too ill -LRB- or too drunk -RRB- to deliver , Tess blames it all on herself and is sent to work on the manor that her parents think that her `` cousin , '' the cruel Alec d'Urberville resides in . A great Hardyan lustre of that element of the story is that Alec d'Urberville 's father just bought that name after lookin it up in some book , so Tess falls into a trap of fate and is continually punished . Tess ' whole life is told through the novel and is filled with very tragic scenes , so if you like feel good books , stay away from this one.This novel is full of beautiful and moving tragedy , incredible projection of Victorian rural life , and just about everything Hardy can give you in one novel.Definatley essential Victorian Literature , definatley essential Thomas Hardy , and without question one of the greatest novels ever written ... Only a poet could 've written such a beautiful novel ...
 This book is wonderful for many reasons and especially for its portrayal of Tess . It raises questions -LRB- still pertinent today -RRB- about women , reputation , and sexuality in society . Hardy was certainly ahead of his time in pointing out that we do as much harm to women with prudishness and double standards as we do with physical and sexual violence . Do n't miss _ Jude the Obscure _ and _ The Mayor of Casterbridge _ .
 `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles , '' by Thomas Hardy , is a book about a young woman who struggles to find her place in society . When it is discovered that the low-class Durbeyfield family is in reality the d'Urbervilles , the last of a famous blood line that dates back hundreds of years , the mother sends her eldest daughter , Tess , to beg money from relations with the obvious desire that Tess wed the rich Mr. d'Urberville . Thus begins a tale of woe in which a wealthy man cruely mistreats a poor girl . Tess is taken advantage of by Mr. d'Urberville and leaves his house , returning home to have their child , who subsequently dies . Throughout the rest of this fascinating novel , Tess is tormented by guilt at the thought of her impurity and vows to never marry . She is tested when she meets Angel , the clever son of a priest , and falls in love with him . After days of pleading , Tess gives in to Angel and consents to marry him . Angel deserts Tess when he finds the innocent country girl he fell in love with is not so pure . This touching story depicts how difficult it was being a woman in the 1800s . There are many reasons to recommend `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles . '' It is a story one can easily relate to . If anyone has ever suffered prejudice , then he/she will want to read this book . The book is also thought-provoking . `` Tess '' is also interesting in that the author gives the point of view of all the characters in it , not simply that of Tess . This means that the reader gets a better understanding of the plot . Thomas Hardy writes in an eloquent and descriptive manner . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' does have perceived flaws . It has been described as rather verbose , but one finds that this is not the case , and that the details only add to the book . The plot is tragic , which might make it depressing to read . However , one finds that it is tragic in a beautiful and compelling sense , not in a sad sense . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' is a book that will touch your heart .
 I do n't think that Tess of the D'Urbervilles is to be considered a realistic portrayal of life . It is more like a Greek tragedy or Shakespearean tragedy . The characters are larger than life and the events of the book mythic in scale . Nevertheless , just like with , say , Macbeth I was drawn into the plot and actually found myself getting angry and upset about the turn of events . So I got my money 's worth . Hardy definitely has cast this story very darkly . Tess is no mere innocent victim . And Alec is not so clearly just an evil villian . Nor is Angel an angel . The characters are complex and deep , and the reader ends up caring about them . That 's why this book is a classic . See the A&E adaptation in film for a fascinating and moving interpretation .
 I was required to read this book for AP English IV.One of the best books I 've read for class all year . Wish the phases were a little shorter at times.Overall , good book . Only read it if you have time.The middle is where most of the action happens but that 's typical.Would make one heck of a movie if it were done in a contemporary fashion
 I have but one regret in reading this book , that being that I will never again be able to read it for the first time . Never again be whisked into this particular world so far removed from my own and yet so heart-wrenchingly close . Never again turn the pages of Tess of the D'Urbervilles with baited breath and a longing ache that realistically should n't stem from mere fiction.Phenomenal , this work of Thomas Hardy 's is.Not since reading Jane Eyre have I been so totally immersed in the life of a character , so in tune with her sufferings and joys , so hopeful yet fearful for her future . Tess seems so real , sometimes pathetically so , but always wishfully so . Her story is a sad one , but it brings with it its own reward.I almost wish I could have stopped reading at a point before the ending , so I would be free to imagine my own perfect conclusion . Or better yet , so Tess could live on , could still have that elusive chance at fulfillment and lasting joy . But Mr. Hardy 's ending is the best one , the most fitted to the rest of the book . Still , I was shocked . I think the ending just increases the tantalizingness of the book though.So anyway , this book deserves at least seven stars , but only five are given , so ... read it for yourself . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Tess of the D'urbervilles is truly one of the masterpieces of 19th century English literature . Thomas Hardy 's writing is simply brilliant , and poignant.Thomas Hardy imagines a new way of being for British society . One that is not so hung up on narrow social conventions , one where people are rewarded for hard work and positive moral attributes.SPOILERS BELOW!Tess is supposed to be the embodiment of this new society as it comes into being , but runs into trouble at every step of the way in her development . Her parents do not work as hard as she does , she is cruelly seduced , her baby is cruelly denied a Christian burial , even her true love Angel Claire rejects her because of her past and the narrow social conventions he has been brought up with . And in the end , she dies , a Christ figure for Hardy 's new society , with Angel and her sister `` apostles . '' The ending is even slightly ambiguous ... What will Angel and Liza Lu do ? Will they advance Hardy 's new society ?
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy was written in 1891 and challenged the Victorian sensibilities of the time and to this day it offers much to the reader . It is a book which has intense atmosphere , character development , romance , an interesting storyline and yet still gives us much food for thought.At the start of the book our beautiful heroine Tess is a teenager of a poor family with a father who is an alcoholic . She is a young woman who always tries to do the best for her family which lands her in trouble . Tess is eventually raped and gives birth to an illegitimate child . That she remains a good person who still tries to do her best and is a heroine of a book was shocking at the time of publication.In many ways it is obvious that Tess ' story is going to end tragically . Even while we root for Tess and grow to admire her courage and perseverance we are aware that it is against all odds . This then provokes interesting questions about how the story would appear in today 's world and the moral questions involved in contemporary society.Growing up as a farm girl , I enjoyed all the interesting details about the various types of farming in the late 19th century England . I loved the descriptions of the walks and travels by coach across the rural countryside .
 ` Tess ' is a beautifully-written classic that kept my kindle dictionary busy . It is a story about how painful and unfair life can be , and especially to those who are by-nature the most loving , kind and sensitive . You will fall in love with ` Tessy ' and wish only the very best for her . Be forewarned , however , that Hardy wrote very little of the ` best ' you will wish for Tess into this story . As a result , you may want to delay reading this book until you feel ` up ' for reading a very sad and tragic tale . That caveat aside , ` Tess ' is an exceptional work of literature , and a book you are n't likely to forget.Caution
 I was looking for another edition of TESS and could n't believe my eyes when I saw the `` average customer rating '' was only three stars . So I 'm taking a moment to correct the balance.TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES must be as close to a perfect novel as anyone has written in English . It is a genuine tragedy with a girl/woman as tragic hero . It is about life on earth in a way that transcends mere sociology . It has the grandeur of Milton but concerns itself with the lives of mortal beings on earth , as much with sex as with dirt , blood , milk , dung , animal and vegetative energies . It concerns itself with only essential things the way the Bible does . It is almost a dark rendering of the Beatitudes.The story is built with such care and such genius that every incident , every paragraph , reverberates throughout the whole structure . Surely Hardy had an angel on his shoulder when he conceived and composed this work . Yet it was considered so immoral in its time that he had to bowdlerize his own creation in order to get it published , at first . Victorian readers were not prepared for the truth of the lives of ordinary women , or for a great many truths about themselves that Hardy presents.The use of British history as a hall of mirrors and the jawdropping detail of the landscape of `` Wessex '' make it the Great English Novel in the way we sometimes refer to MOBY DICK as the Great American Novel , though the works do n't otherwise bear comparison . Melville 's great white whale is a far punier creation.Hardy 's style is like no one else 's . It is not snappy , as Dickens can be . It is not fluid and elegant , like George Eliot 's . It can feel labored and awkward and more archaic than either . It has no journalistic flavor , but is painfully pure and deliberate and dense , echoing Homer or the language of the Old Testament rather than anything we think of as `` modern . '' Do n't start with TESS but with FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD , another very beautiful book , where Hardy is at his loosest and wittiest . Once you have the key to his style , then pick up a good edition of TESS with notes , e.g. Penguin , so you get the full richness of all the literary allusions . Hardy 's lowly shepherds and farmhands move and breathe in a very ancient literary atmosphere . The effect is not pretentious but timeless.There is wisdom , poetry and majesty here . Tess stumbling through the dark and taking her last rest at Stonehenge will send chills up your spine like no other reading experience . I wonder if anyone can know why there are novels , why we care about them , or what they are capable of , without reading this one .
 Thomas Hardy 's Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one of the best stories I 've ever read . Its characters , especially Tess herself , are so alive and memorable that they stay in your mind long after you 've finished the book . That being said , though , it 's also not a novel for the casual reader . This book is so thought-provoking and , ultimately , heartbraking that it ca n't be easily forgotten , and will more than likely leave you with an overwhelming sadness for a long time afterward . I read a lot , and material with very different subject matters , so I 'm not being melodramatic when I say that this book left me extremely choked up , and almost on the verge of tears . For a guy in his mid-20 's who never gets emotional , I think that 's saying quite a lot . It certainly left me with a lot of respect for the author . The reader comes to care so much about Tess , and agonize over the way her life turns out , that it becomes almost unbearable at times . For a fictional tale to have that effect on a person is quite incredible . Difficult or not , anyone who is interested in reading a brilliant and moving story that deserves to be called a classic should read Tess of the D'Urbervilles .
 Recently , my brother and I were discussing the `` poverty penalty , '' the concept that the poor pay more for what they must buy because they have no bargaining power to invite competition , which drives down prices . This is obviously not a new phenomenon , because poor Tess Durbeyfield pays quite a poverty penalty through the course of Tess of the D'Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy.This is the first novel of Hardy 's I have read , but I chose it after reading `` What Jane Austen Ate and Charles Dickens Knew '' by Daniel Pool , a fabulous book about 18th century daily life.Hardy 's title , as quickly becomes evident , is tongue-in-cheek -LRB- he is author of my favorite title of a book , Jude the Obscure , which I have n't yet read -RRB- is ironic and mocking . Tess , the lovely and somewhat educated daughter of a cottager in Hardy 's British district of Wessex , has the last name of Durbeyfield , but in the first pages of the book , her father , the ne'er - do-well , learns that he is descended from Norman aristocracy , the D'Urbervilles , and there are n't many of them left , except his clan , as the local reverend informs him . He instantly thinks himself very grand and takes it as an excuse to go carousing , which causes Tess and one of her many younger siblings to have to make an early morning journey with the horse for the family 's means of making money . Sleeping on the journey , Tess wakes to find the horse impaled in a wreck and killed . Feeling guilty , she agrees to be sent as a poor relation to the Stoke-D'Urbervilles to seek assistance of some kind . -LRB- They are `` new money '' and have bought the name `` D'Urberville '' to build position for themselves , so they are actually no relation . -RRB- There she encounters Alec D'Urberville , who pursues her vigorously , though she repeatedly eschews his attentions . She takes a job for his mother , watching her fowl , but one evening , separated from her friends in the village on the way home from a Saturday night out in the village , Alec stops accepting no for an answer.Later she falls in mutual love with a gentleman -LRB- the son of a minister -RRB- who has rejected the pulpit himself in favor of learning the trade of dairy farming so that he may run his own farm some day . Angel Clare does fall in love with Tess , but at the same time , he does n't seem to really know her , or want to ... he thinks of her as a pure country maid , and has no idea about her past . When she tries to tell him , he shushes her , thinking he knows all about her . When she finally confides in him after the marriage , the results are disastrous and Tess is once again dealing with harsh reality.I wo n't recount the rest of the story , but it 's clear that the bourgeois -LRB- Alec -RRB- and the gentry -LRB- Angel -RRB- have a great deal to do with the pain and hardship of Tess 's life ; they inflict the poverty penalty on her . The idea of the fluidity of the aristocracy in the 18th century -- Tess is descended from them , but has no rights thereof , Alec has taken the name due to his money , and Angel has rejected the career of his familial role in favor of farming whilst entertaining a very aristocratic -LRB- and inaccurate -RRB- view of the `` peasantry '' -- is prominent in the novel , with Tess 's inability to care for herself and fulfill her perceived familial goals without resorting to asking for help from those who do n't have her bloodline at all . The town of Kingsbere , where Tess 's ancestors are said to be buried , figures somewhat in the novel , and one can not help but think that this symbolizes their use to her as being just as dead as they are.There are some motifs of paganism in the book ... Tess meets Angel for the first time at a May dance , a pagan rite , and she has another climactic plot moment at Stonehenge toward the end of the book . Angel himself seems to reject his father 's Christian teachings , and the beliefs of Tess and her society are often deemed superstitious or quaint and encompassing of pagan belief systems . Tess often wishes to be free of her life of burdens , and who can blame her ? She did n't cause the horse 's death that plunged her into this chain of events , and yet she is punished and punished and punished.Hardy 's writing is beautiful and engaging . The book , though long , seems to quickly move from event to event , and the author 's descriptions are enlightening and complete . I really liked this book and look forward to reading more by Hardy .
 When Thomas Hardy first had `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' published in 1891 , the controversy that surrounded it ensured for him financial security and status as one of the most popular authors of the time . The novel 's scandal was concerned with the plot itself , in which an innocent young maid is seduced by an aristocratic cad , and pays for such an indiscretion with everything she holds dear in her life . In Hardy 's journal -LRB- as recounted in Margaret Higonnet 's introduction in this edition -RRB- he records that one of the Duchess of Abercorn 's dinner parties ended in an argument between those who believed that Tess deserved her fate , and those that sympathized with her plight . However , by today 's standards -LRB- in which premarital sex barely registers an eye-blink -RRB- one ca n't help but wonder if such a novel is relevant anymore.I 'm going to argue , that yes , of course it is - if not simply to illustrate how lucky we are to no longer live in a world where a woman can be utterly destroyed through the hypocrisy of the society she lives in . However , there 's considerably more to it than that , particularly as the remnants of this ideology remain to this day ; and since one of the central themes of the novel is the negative effect of past traditions on the present , this bears keeping in mind.Tess Durbeyfield is a simple country lass , easily manipulated and with a limited education , but with a keen intelligence and insight into human nature . However , when her foolish father is casually told by the village minister that he is the offshoot of a once-noble family , Tess is thrown into her parent 's ambition mechanizations . Made to leave her home and younger siblings , Tess begins work tending chickens at a relative 's house whilst attempting to ward off the unwelcome attentions of her devious cousin Alec D'Uberville . However , her resolve slips one night when she is alone with Alec , lost and -LRB- as the text suggests -RRB- intoxicated , and he takes full advantage of her vulnerability.Having borne his child and lost it soon after -LRB- all without Alec 's knowledge -RRB- Tess seeks employment elsewhere , and finds a sense of peace and security as a milkmaid in a neighboring village . That is , until she meets the parson 's son Angel Clare , a very different kind of man from Alec D'Uberville . Falling in love , -LRB- along with every other girl on the farm ! -RRB- Tess finds herself in a new moral crisis . Should she reveal her secret to Angel ? Would he accept her if he knew ? Her family -LRB- not to mention her common sense -RRB- warn her to keep her mouth shut , but can any relationship last if it is based on a lie ? Should n't she have faith in Angel 's testimonies of love to her?However , you 've probably already guessed that the story does n't have a happy ending , and this is a tragedy in the old grand tradition . When young Tess is seduced by a man her fate is sealed . She is a fallen woman , carrying the shame of her indiscretions throughout the rest of her life . However , the novel is remarkable because of Hardy 's ability to find light amongst all the grimness . In the depths of Tess 's drudgery and despair , we feel her moments of tranquility and appreciation of the beauty that surround her . Likewise , in moments of joy and peace , there is the underlying dread of the secret threatening to rare its ugly head . The emotions stirred in reading this novel are relentless - not to put anyone off from reading this novel , but I was in a constant state of agitation and discomfort in reading ; that 's how vivid the circumstances of the novel were . I mean that as a good thing of course ; books these days are like movies - you sit , you watch , you more often than not feel nothing . But I was truly moved by `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' and her story ; and I ca n't remember the last time I became so invested in a character and her happiness . Despite the pain it brought me in reading it , `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' was worth every agonizing word.In many ways this is a feminist novel , and although I would hate to put too modern a spin on it , it is very easy to see that Thomas Hardy 's sympathies lie with Tess , writing in a letter
 I 'm many years out of college and thought I should start reading some more of the classics . Previous favorites of mine have been The Sound and the Fury , Jane Eyre , and Pride and Prejudice . I saw Tess of the D'Urbervilles on my sister 's bookshelf and for about a year I considered reading it . Finally , I picked it up and began . Wow ! I read it in about three days . I never expected I would feel so much by reading this book . I cried when she baptized Sorrow herself . Her concerns that he be buried in the churchyard and her efforts to ensure he was were touching . I wanted to help Tess Durbeyfield . I thought she was a very complex character -- she was sweet and unworldly but she was n't actually stupid . And she was strong in many ways -- for example , her family relied on Tess for so many things -- eventually even their support . In fact , I hated her family for not working harder and making their own sacrifices . All the burden was on poor Tess . I also wanted to shake some sense into Angel . He really did wrong by Tess -- although he eventually realizes this , it comes too late . The only thing I really did not care for was the sudden inclusion of a minor character -LRB- who we met earlier -RRB- into the end of the book and the implication that she would play an important role in the future of a major character . I barely knew this minor character and NOBODY could compare to Tess of the D'Urbervilles . If you are reading this to find a good book , ignore the negative reviews by high-school students and buy this book NOW . It 's unforgettable .
 When I saw the depressing amount of 1 - , 2 - , and 3-star reviews for this novel , I had to wonder what had gotten into the general populace . Then I read the actual reviews , and realized something . They are reading this for pleasure , yes - but why in the world to people turn to a classic novel for a fast-paced , action-packed story ? -LRB- Yes , I quote . -RRB- Tess 's is a dark tale , a depressing tale , a tale with no perky moments to speak of -LRB- seeing as how we all know it 'll get that much worse should anything good happen -RRB- . The language is poetic and ethereal , with descriptions of incredible beauty that I would give anything to have written and an overtone of intense tragedy and ill-fated cruelty . The characters are all conflicted and in turmoil , oppressed by the moral standards of the day , and Tess is likeable , as opposed to Emily Bronte 's Catherine Earnshaw , say . I would like to mention that I chose this book to write a ten-page analytical paper on , know it cover-to-cover , and know that it is SO much more meaningfull when one stops to take in the paragraphs that scream , `` Pay attention to ME !!! '' I would also mention that I am not a college professor . I read this as a high-school freshman , which goes to show that this is n't just a book for the elite.And in relation to all the readers who feel that Hardy is a bad author ? I always believe that people who act as though they can write a classic far better than the author really ought to try their hand at writing a story that will survive the ages as well as Tess . Hardy writes in lyrical prose , in similar style to his poetry , and though I completely understand wanting to read `` mind candy '' , I do n't understand expecting books accepted as real literature to do the trick . Maybe try a trashy novel first , and read Tess to cleanse the palate.This is , ultimately , my favorite novel of all time . Naturally , I have many more to read , but of all those I have tried , I have never read another that so seamlessly combined luminous tragedy , heartwrending romance , and cruel fate in a novel as beautiful as it is painful .
 In a certain light , Thomas Hardy 's `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' might be seen as a Cinderella story horribly disfigured by a tragic twist . When we first meet the heroine , Tess Durbeyfield , as a poor , hardworking farm girl who has to take care of her five younger siblings and fulfill the responsibilities abandoned by her inebriated father , she seems like a girl destined for greater things
 I see `` Tess '' as the story of how a beauty is wronged by evil and by arrogance.But oh , what a story . Hardy 's novels read like poetry . Tess is so lovely , innocent and good , Alec so relentlessly hideous , and Angel so pathetically self-righteous , that I find the gradual destruction of Tess -LRB- with whom I empathize -RRB- at the hands of these two men , to be difficult to experience again , line by line!What a masterpiece of the human condition , and I 'm told , of the female experience . Hardy 's bitterly honest portrayal of the worst and best of human behavior is as powerful as any I 've found in literature.When I need a Hardy fix and I do n't want to be depressed , I turn to `` Far From the Madding Crowd . ''
 -LRB- Warning
 Ok , this one is for all my friends at BHS . We read this book in class , and the book was n't bad , but that is a hard thing to tell when you have n't read through the book because your english teacher does n't encourage it enough because the students make the quizes for each phase . EVERYONE cheated . It was good . If she spent more time on teaching correctly rather than perming and afro-ing her hair , maybe we 'd have enjoyed it more .
 I 've recently gone back to reading the classics , and this one did n't disappoint , although there are other Hardy novels I prefer . `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' is a story of love , separation , and heartbreak , rather like `` Wuthering Heights '' and `` Dr. Zivago '' . For a modern love story containing these themes , check out Sophie Simons ` l'Amour , available on Kindle .
 I read this novel immediately after viewing the PBS Masterpiece Classic Theatre version starring Gemma Arterton as Tess . As the production follows faithfully all the key plot of the story , it really helped me with the book . In lieu of this , read the Wikipedia entry which outlines the plot in depth.The book is wonderful for analysis and discussion . There are many questions that can be created . The book has a lot of symbolism and foreshadowing.For instance , after Angel Clare and Tess marry , Angel finally learns from Tess why she has hesitated for so long to marry him . He mentions once that the only way he can feel released from his difficulty with her past is if Alex D'Urberville was no longer alive . One wonders if this is a seed planted in Tess ' subconscious . Technically , Tess had no real functional reason to murder Alex. He was no woman beater , Angel had finally reached the point he needed to be in in order to accept Tess again , etc.The very first scene of the book is the cornerstone that starts the sealing of Tess ' destiny and fate and nothing she does or does n't do from then on can stay her from this . Her father 's learning of the real family name of D'Urberville and not Derbyfield leads her to meeting up with Alex , her rape/seduction , subsequent pregnancy , inability of initially being able to marry the love of her life -LRB- Angel Clare -RRB- , Angel 's initial inability to live with his new wife , Tess ' murder of Alex and her ultimate fate by a hanging execution.To me , the whole of the book is greater than it 's individual parts . That is it 's ultimate greatness . One can criticize the hugely long section of Angel and Tess ' courtship at Talbothays Dairy where Angel/Tess seem to go on endlessly coming together and falling apart as Tess struggles with whether Angel can accept her if she tells him all the details of her past . -LRB- And then the subsequent hugely long time it took Angel to come to see a way to have a full married life and future with Tess . -RRB- But I took this time to appreciate Hardy 's writing style , the way he uses Nature as a character in and of itself , to learn the real and authentic `` what it was like to live '' in that time in England , etc. I do n't feel inclined to pass a negative judgment on Tess . In many ways she was the most moral , strong , and contemplative of everyone . Alex attempted to turn good by becoming a traveling evangelist but could n't keep up the pretense . Angel , who rejected the more obviously suited to his moral viewpoints -LRB- Mercy Chant -RRB- to choose his more emotionally compatible love , Tess , had to undergo a huge personal struggle to rise above his concerns over what society would think of them . Angel 's concerns were such that he states that even if they traveled as far off as America or Australia , that they could n't be really certain Tess ' past would n't come to affect them and even said it could continue to affect even the lives of their children . I really felt that Angel had the weakest courage of all the various main characters.Tess , on the other hand , continuously makes tough choices in life . At times , she uses pride to keep her head up and at other times , leaves pride aside to choose paths she feels benefits her family , her ability to be a good friend , to support herself honestly and the like . For her , love should conquer all and she struggles valiantly to understand Angel 's point of view.I definitely will be reading more of Hardy 's novels .
 My quirky yet brilliant English teacher assigned this work in the beginning of my senior year . Undoubtedly , I approached this book with much doubt and skepticism . If you know Hardy , you immediately recall his superfluity of detail and monotonous landscaping , which inevitably impedes character and plot development . Suprisingly , though all discouraging factors were present , I found the book exceptionally appealing . Hardy 's portraiture of Tess validates him as a captivating author . He draws us into her persona , leaving us trampled and bruised with the grievances of life . He walks us through her struggles , though mangled with her inability to step forward , she still persists.I highly reccommend this book to any avid reader of British literature .
 How amazing . Thomas Hardy actually makes you fall in love with his leading lady , Tess , yourself . Other reviewers have complained she allowed herself to be walked on ; that is not true . She had a deep sense of the -LRB- false -RRB- injury comitted to her husband and accepted what she percieved as justified punishment . Mr Hardy simply rips out your heart and makes you bleed with her . I do n't expect your average high school student forced to read the novel for an assignment will agree , but as pleasure reading , this definitely has money on any modern day romance or drama .
 An utterly terrifying tale of a woman and her difficulties in life . Realistic and easily understood , at heart that is .
 TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES is just one of those books you ca n't put down , even if it means something lethal . My mind was tinkering and felt like it was going to BLOW , the characters were so ... so ... deep ... so ... so ... troubled ... so ... so ... ah , read it yourself , it 's hard to describe !
 Tess Durberfield is perhaps one of the most astounding and complex characters in Victorian literature , maybe even of ALL literature . She surpasses many in homliness , feminity , and above all purity .
 I love the passonate tale of Tess and her husband , who married for purity , not for her . It is heartbreaking .
 A beaute of a book to read . I fell in love with the characters , even weak/strong Tess . You have to read this book!This is the best Victorian literature can get .
 Beautiful book . I love the fabric cover . There is also a ribbon book marker in each of these books in a coordinating color !
 The way this book is written makes it hard to read . I only bought it because Anna talks about it so much in Fifty Shades of Grey .
 my language arts teacher had my class choose a book to read . I had no idea what I wanted , because she would n't allow me to read anything by Stephen King , and I had no other ideas for something worth reading . My friend suggested Tess of the D'bervilles , and so I took it from the school library.Unfortunately , I started reading it a week before I was supposed , and finished it the next day , and so I must choose another book to read for class.This is an excellent book that makes you think about what women had to go through a few hundred years ago . It makes you think about the complete lack of backbone shown in Tess untill the very end , when she finally realizes the injustices done to her were NOT her fault . You must remember that she had not been brought up to understand certain things , and could not have understood how to cope , or over come with problems that many women of her time had to face.The ending was excellent , and rather sad.If you enjoy learning about history , I suggest reading this book .
 This book is tragic and wonderfully written . Hardy uses words to create a scene for you that creates the visual for you completely . I think that the sadest thing for me was to realize people did live like this , life really was that hard . As a 21st century woman I was outraged at the way that Tess was treated by men and by society . Who is the true bad guy , Alec or Angel ? When we read it with our societies mores we perceive it one way , but if we were ken to the morals of that society how would we see it ? Are they really dastards , or are they all just victims . I am not a scholar , I liked the story for being a good story.After reading the book I rented the A&E movie . As I watched it , I realized how well the book translated into video , because I had already seen the exact same scenery in my mind . The only thing that surprised me was the bleakness of the trunip farm and Tesses horrible conditions . I could n't imagine anything that awful.There are a lot of words , similar to DH Lawrence , but I would n't get rid of a one of them . If you come to this book as a great story and not as a classic novel , you will hold Tess to your heart and never forget her tragedies .
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading Tess . Many years ago , after completing a grueling mind-numbing week of exams in college I sat down to read this story , as a sort of reward for living through the previous five days . I have since read many of Hardy 's novels , but Tess remains the dearest to me . Early on , in chapter 4 , Tess is on a journey at night with her little brother Abraham and he is asking her if all the stars in the night sky are worlds similar to ours . She compares them to apples on a tree and concludes that most of them are `` splendid and sound - a few blighted '' . `` Which do we live on ? '' asks Abraham . `` A blighted one , '' says Tess . Minutes later , their carriage crashes into some oncoming traffic ... the family horse Prince is killed , and Tess is plunged through this incident into predicaments that will result in her complete undoing.Those who are familiar with Hardy will know of his fatalistic tendencies . His themes were not exactly `` jolly '' . And here , in the above incident he sets that ominous tone that is so omnipresent in his work . Tess is the story of an exceptionally gifted and beautiful peasant girl of decayed aristocratic stock who is betrayed by two men
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one of the best books I have ever set my eyes upon . I have tried to finish the book in one sitting but found out that I ca n't because there is just so many things to figure out in the story . No doubt , fate plays such an important role in the life of Tess Durbeyfield and it is due to her noble descent that spawns the events leading to her own demise . The ending of the story is somewhat disturbing . Should we feel happy that Angel fufiled Tess 's wish or should we feel sad for Tess ?
 The great thing about Tess of the D'Urbervilles is the poetry and the depth of the main character.Tess is an extremely complex character and yet a very simple person . It is hard to explain her : Hardy seems totally in emphatuated with his character . She is a thing of beauty like a beautiful flower growing on the road side . The flower knows nothing of why it is or how it grows , and so Tess is naive of her existance and surroundings only driven by the knee-jerk of her emotion , egged on and commented on the romantic and love struck Hardy.Hardy makes a character , falls in love with her and then day-dreams about her . Guarding her innocence amd jealously defending it by - 1 -RRB- making her so complex that no other character in the book can love , know and understand her truely .2 -RRB- She ends up tragic so no one else can have her . Thus destroying her and tearing himself away from his ideal.It is true he builds her up only to tear her down . Such a tragic figure makes the reader feel a lament amd deep sorrow for Tess having tried to fathom her whilst becoming enchanted by her.I found all of this made the book frustrating and it flawed the main character . It is a very difficult , long and hard book to read - which would have made the book very hard to write by anyone other than a very idealistic romantic poet . 4 stars because I am a romantic fool for Tess as well .
 There really is n't much I can add to what has already been said about this wonderful Thomas Hardy novel . One of the things that really struck me about Tess was the importance of setting and how Hardy relates Tess 's emotional state to the setting in which she finds herself . The contrasting settings of Talbothays Dairy and Flintcomb-Ash seem to represent the opposing forces in Tess 's own life.At Talbothays , the air is `` clear , bracing and ethereal , '' the river flows like the pure River of Life , '' and the atmosphere `` set up -LRB- Tess 's -RRB- spirits wonderfully . '' For Tess , the valley where the dairy is located is akin to Paradise and she feels an emotional high while she is there.In the dairy , itself , the milkers form `` a little battalion of men and women , '' often `` singing songs to entice the cows to produce milk . '' Everyone works together to bring about a common goal , a common good . At Talbothays , Tess is able to escape the pressures and prejudices of Victorian England . She is at the peak of happiness in her life and falls in love and marries the intellectual and difficult Angel Clare.It is when her marriage to Angel fails , that Tess moves to the dreary and desolate Flintcomb-Ash . Flintcomb-Ash is in direct contrast to Talbothays . There is not a single `` green pasture , '' nor anything besides `` fallow and turnips everywhere '' at the `` starve-acre place . '' Here , Tess reaches a new emotional low and her heart is as empty and dark as the setting in which she finds herself . In contrast to the camaraderie at Talbothays , at Flintcomb-Ash , `` nobody come near -LRB- Tess -RRB- '' as she stands `` enshrouded in her uniform '' working `` hour after hour . '' The other workers at Flintcomb-Ash do not fare much better and most are kept busy in the fields in order to earn enough money to simply survive . There is no time for friendship in this place.Obviously , Hardy was a master at description and the use of setting to emphasize the emotional state of his characters , Tess in particular . Although this book is a masterpiece of sensual language , Tess is also a wonderful example of the use of contrasting settings to convey strong emotional states in a way that mere words alone never could . Tess is a book that should not be overlooked by anyone .
 I decided to read this book after reading the Fifty Shades series ... our main character in those books , Anastasia , refers to Tess several times and identifies with her . Anastasia of the Fifty Shades books is an English Lit . major ... If you love history , and will immerse yourself in the times , you will enjoy reading , or re-reading this book .
 Read this as an indulgence into the classics . Never appreciated in school but really loved it as a 40 something woman . Thomas Hardy for me is a slow and deliberate writer . The pace , the details , the development of the story is beautiful . Be good to yourself and read it .
 Tess Durbeyfield is beset by guilt over the accidental death of one of her family 's horses - a main source of family income . In an attempt to create a social connection and to gain financial assistance for her family , she entreats the d'Urbervilles to acknowledge an ancient familial connection . Unfortunately , Alec d'Urberville is taken with Tess and rapes her . Her life is haunted by his sexual assault from that point forward . Eventually , Tess begins to recuperate and finds employment elsewhere as a dairymaid . Her days as a dairymaid are happy and peaceful until she falls in love with Angel Clare . She agonizes over telling him of her tainted past , and when she confesses the truth on her wedding night , Angel is repulsed over her past and her deception of waiting to tell him . Tess is parted from her true love and never fully recovers , even when he returns to her.Tess of the d'Urbervilles is more than a sad story . It pays homage to the type of unhealthy family atmospheres that many children are raised in . The death of the horse is a direct result of her father 's drunkenness and irresponsibility , though Tess never realizes this . When her parents hear of her misfortune , her mother reprimands her for not seeking marriage to the very man who raped her . The story also explores the mental effects that sexual assault can have on a person . Tess experiences extreme guilt , depression and feelings of unworthiness - common feelings for victims of sexual assault . In the end , as she is continually subjected to Alec d'Urberville , she experiences insanity which results in extreme actions.This particular edition included an introduction and notes about the text which I found helpful . However , I thought the girl on the cover did not resemble the maiden of the book . The girl on the front is plain and unremarkable , whereas , Tess , according to the text , is remarkable.I can see why this book is considered a literary classic , but I ca n't say I enjoyed it . That being said , I think everyone should read this book once . Tess is a memorable character that one can not help being fascinated with .
 This book was absolutely brilliant ! I could hardly put it down it was so interesting . It was also very mysterious in some ways and a little bit confusing , but after awhile I understood everything . A wonderful book with a sad , but somewhat , happy , ending . Very cool !
 It is easy to see why this book is considered a classic . To the modern reader , this tale of love and morality may seem like kid stuff at first glance -LRB- they talk about more serious situations in my niece 's junior high sex education class -RRB- . Hardy 's genius is in his incisive character portrayals and the depictions of the social and moral structure of 19th century England . Tess and her feelings and decisions stay with you long after the last page is finished . I kept wishing we had read this in college so that I could have argued with someone about the moral themes .
 This is a startling book and one in which Tess is forced to make difficult decisions in the face of awful circumstances .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles plays out in Shakespearean tragedy-like fashion , but maybe there is more to the word tragic in the case of Tess , being that her problems are not self-inflicted , but more in line with blind fatalism . In fact , Hardy underscores the theme of injustice playing out in the common folk 's lives , with Tess being the microcosm of ill-fated individuals . The book is n't an uplifting read , but who 's to say that a tragic -- or even downright depressing -- novel ca n't have power , essentialness , importance , and beauty . Some condemn this novel as being `` boring and depressing '' , but I would argue that there is a beauty in Hardy 's prose , as he such a power in its way of making Tess ' story coming to life with poetic descriptions , and this adds such an element of pathos to passages depicting her fate . Despite her suffering and pitfalls , Tess is a tragic character you feel for by novel 's end , and there 's a sense that Hardy is sympathizing with his tragic heroine all along.When Tess ' father learns of supposed relations with a family of nobility , this sets in motion a series of events which leads to Tess leaving her family to go work at the D'Urbervilles estate in hopes of getting in good with the family . Tess ' foolish father sets the tone for the themes of poor calculations and mistiming repeated in the novel . As it turns out , Tess ' family is not related to the D'Urbervilles -LRB- a fact which no one from the family realizes -RRB- . Tess , while here , falls under the clutches of manipulative and superficial Alec D'Urberville . Returning home pregnant and somewhat disgraced , Tess experiences more setbacks when her baby , who she names Sorrow , falls sick and dies ; she can not even get a proper Christian burial for her baby . For the duration of the novel , Tess ' existence is synonymous with an emotional rollercoaster . Just as she is mourning her loss , she then goes to another place to work , where she encounters Angel Claire , a man she saw previously at a dance . Slowly , the two begin to get to know each other and fall in love , although Tess , based on earlier experiences , is mostly resistant to the idea of marriage . Tess wants Angel to know about her earlier experiences , but has a difficulty bringing herself to tell him ; finally , she attempts to leave a letter , but once again fate intervenes and Angel never sees the letter . After Angel wins her over , they decide to exchange their previous indiscretions after their marriage . However , as fate seems to plague Tess , Tess is more forgiving of Angel 's previous affair with an older woman than his forgiving of her relations with Alec . He ca n't forgive her . There is a sadness experienced as Angel leaves Tess ; perhaps we feel even more pity because we know that Angel , for all his goodness , is acting a bit too impulsive and rash , hypocritical at an important moment in Tess ' life . While it is a sad scene , Hardy is able to evoke great power in this moment . Tess once again finds Alec and Angel later in the novel , and each character acts in line with their character , but , as others have alluded to , the stars just seemed to be against Tess , and she makes a foolish , hasty decision.Despite this range of pathos experienced , Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a powerful , poetic read , one that moves you . Hardy takes on a ride of emotions through Tess ' life , and , she becomes a sort of martyr for the injustices in the world , a point that Hardy insinuates throughout . Hardy can capture the essence of detail one moment , and then invoke humanity the next . Sure , it 's not a picnic reading Tess , and it is a bit emotionally draining by end , but this is a deep , emotional novel that works on many levels , one that has stood the test of time for a reason . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one novel I 'm glad is required reading .
 The most depressing book in the English language . And yet , I think I was the only person in my high school English class that actually liked it . Does this mean I 'm depressed ? We 'll leave that question for my analyst and just say I think I have a thing for melodramatic novels.Tess starts out a poor peasant girl with a drunk father and a stupid mother . After their only horse dies , they send her to their rich `` relations '' the D'Urbervilles , to beg for work . Her supposed cousin , Alec , rapes her and she has his child . The child dies in infancy and Tess leaves home to seek a new life and better work at a sunny dairy farm . At the dairy farm , she falls in love with a clergyman 's son , Angel Clare and they get married . On their wedding night , he tells her he is not as virtuous as his name , that he went on a bender in London and slept with a prostitute . She says `` That 's great , because I 'm not a virgin either - now forgive me . '' And he 's like , `` Um , no . My hypocritical moral beliefs will not allow me to be with a woman who is ` impure ' . Here 's some money . I 'm going to Brazil to be a farmer . `` So he leaves her and she wanders the land again searching for work and a new life . She 's doing back-breaking labor for little money on this awful farm when who should show up but ... Alec D'Urberville , her rapist cousin . He 's found Jesus -- until he sees Tess 's face again , and then he goes back to smoking cigars and being a general d-bag . He tries to get her to marry him , so he can possess her legally . She says no multiple times , until her father dies , leaving her family with no home and no money . So her mother sells her into marriage with Alec -LRB- This is the point in the novel when you , the reader , start thinking that suicide would be a good option for Tess -RRB- . Who should show up next , but Angel Clare ! He 's back from Brazil , having realized what a hypocrite he is . He finds Tess and begs her to be with him -- she tells him it 's too late . After Angel leaves , Tess kills Alec with a bread knife . Then Tess runs after Angel , tells him what she 's done and asks him to forgive her -- again . He 's like `` Whatever , we got ta get outta here . You 're on the lam now . '' So they run away and get as far as Stonehenge before the fuzz catch up with them , arrest Tess , then execute her for her crimes . The End.A fun , feel-good novel for the whole family .
 Hardy writes beautifully , tells stories , evokes feelings and describes landscapes , times and cultures that touch the reader 's core.Read this novel for the story and description , savor it later for the depth of existential questions and half-answers . Hardy is an early modernist , raising the big questions , describing the loss of classical innocence and hinting at potential paths to solutions . But , he does not provide definitive answers . His work suggests that the time of certain answers is permanently gone , to be replaced by a difficult journey , at best.Man has a burning need for significance and meaning , but can find neither fully . Character is the most important thing , shining through all situations ... but it is partially shaped by fate , chance , history , family , society and the environment ... and while potentially noble , ultimately inadequate to fully address the challenges of life.The reader leaves the book exhausted from the journeys , the hopes and the many pursuits . The flow of life and history continues in spite of the heroine 's choices . In the end we are left with a bittersweet memory of this life which Hardy personally inserts as narrator , `` will never be forgotten by those who knew her '' . Perhaps this is the best current answer to the ultimate questions .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles may be Thomas Hardy 's greatest novel and would certainly be almost anyone else 's . A dark , sweepingly tragic vision , it is a masterpiece in nearly every area
 There are many good things I could say about this novel
 Reading it for the second time . Read it for the first time in high school . This is a good read and a good story .
 I thoroughly enjoyed Tess , even though it left me raging and gnashing my teeth at times . No picture of Victorian life can be complete without reading this book first .
 Good read . I would recommend this book . Do n't quite make the connection to Fifty Shades of Gray . Still , a wonderful book .
 It is a sad story , but the description of the places , the times and the people are incredible . I really enjoy it
 It is a moving romantic story which at the same time is an interesting and thought - provoking social criticism . I thought the book was wonderful !
 I loved this story . It almost reminds me of &#34; Pride & Prejudice &#34; , by Jane Austen . It was a good love story .
 A must read before you read Fifty Shades of Grey . Hardy 's work does not follow the ` cookie mold ' style of writing ... so refreshing .
 This book is great history lesson , written with love and passion.Young people could learn many good things about relationship between woman and man .
 This is my favorite Hardy novel , unbelievably powerful , tragic and depressing . Do NOT read this book if you are unstable , depressed , or have ever been abandoned .
 Many T-shirt quilts are simply blocks of t-shirts cut into same-sized squares and arranged in rows . This is a fine approach if one has 9 to 15 or more t-shirts to use in a single quilt . The two authors have gone beyond that and created quilts where the block design is of equal importance to the t-shirt . Some quilts only have space for 5 t-shirts ; others use more and most designs are theme-based , though the themes can certainly be adapted to the shirts one has on hand . The initial steps of the process , such as fusing stabilizer to the t-shirt fabric , are explained . The designs are clever and instructions are clear enough for intermediate quilters . I recommend this to people who are looking for creative alternatives to the simple grid for their t-shirt quilts.Addendum
 This book was a perfect example of different ways to put together a little piece of an old or too small Tee Shirt with many memories built in one quilt .
 I used this book to make 3 T-shirt quilts in memory of a friend 's 21 year old son and her 2 daughters . They turned out beautifully and looked so much more sophisticated and dignified that the simple sashing method . While the book may be thin it 's big on creative ideas . I 'm so thankful I found this book for these special quilts ! I 'm sure I 'll be using it over and over again .
 This book has great patterns and is just as described in the ad . Terrific instructions ! Ca n't wait to get my quilt done .
 Joachim Fest 's account seems to be a biography of National Socialism . It it , he brings the main characters of the Nazi regime into light and shows that without them , the Third Reich would not have been the way we see it today . Adolf Hitler , Hermann Goering , Joseph Goebbels , Reinhard Heydrich , Heinrich Himmler , Martin Bormann , Ernst Roehm , Franz von Papen , Alfred Rosenberg , Joachim von Ribbentrop , Rudolf Hess , Albert Speer , Hans Frank , Baldur von Schirach , the Officer Corps of the Third Reich , Intellectuals and National Socialism , the role of women in Nazi Germany , and finally Rudolf Hoess . Occasionally , the book seems to be a little overwhelming , yet it keeps you interested and the author presents the facts in an interesting fashion . Fest brings to light the fact that each individual played a role in the workings of this regime and without them would never have been what it appears to be today . The author also seems to stress that it was Hitler himself who was the only ! unique individual in the face of Nazism . He was the only one who was intelligent and who saw and carried out what he wanted to be a greater German Reich . All the rest were all just a bunch of stupid , mindless men that blindly followed their Fuehrer in an attempt to hide themselves as failures in life and achieve their ultimate goal , which was power , even if it would mean becoming the pieces in a huge machine of destruction that the world had never seen in its history . Auschwitz kommandant Rudolf Hoess was responsible for the millions that perished in his camp , yet he later claimed that he `` also had a heart and was not evil . '' This statement alone is all the more terrifying because in a sense , it is the truth . I can practically guarantee that you will not be sorry for reading this book . Fest 's portrait of National Socialism and Modern Totalitarianism is essential for anyone who is curious in the workings and men of this terrifying era in history .
 The View From the Hill was one of the most exciting books I have read in a long time . It 's a touching almost love story , an with exciting battle over Sterling Castle . This is a great book for not only the historical accuracy , but also for the story behind the action . I would highly recommend this book to anyone .
 After reading Ms. Bluehorse 's most recent book , Grandfather 's Drum , I searched for other titles by her and found this one - The View From the Hill . While completely different from Grandfather 's Drum , I feel that The View From the Hill is a mile stone in modern historical literature . Elizabeth writes so clearly , so expressively , so beautifully . She is a delight to read - even when her words are bringing tears to your eyes . Elizabeth , we need more or your books !
 Elizabeth Bluehorse is the most delightful writer I have experienced in a long time . She handles words with such skill that it is amazing . I strongly recommend this book or any of her others .
 This was one of the most enjoyable books I have read in a long time . Ms. Bluehorse 's writing style really brought the characters alive for me . I wish it would be made into a movie .
 This book is filled with information about African-Americans and their accomplishments that every person should know . Do you know which U.S. President established the Office of Minority Affairs ? Who was the first African-American to earn a Ph.D. ? What state east of the Mississippi was the first to give African-American women the right to vote , in 1913 ? These are just some of the questions you 'll find in this volume . I especially liked having each set of answers on the same page as the questions . The author also includes a helpful bibliography for further study . Highly Recommended .
 Outstanding in the way it is put together . Must reading in general for all African-Americans and specifically younger African-Americans . Excellent job , way to go !!
 A BOOK SUCH AS This One is very important.it 's ashame the way History is Taught at Many Schools especially when it comes To Black History Month ? a Book Such as this Reflects Strong Contributions by Many NEGROES.it 's a Must.Very Informative .
 My father wrote this book and the knowledge he instilled in his children about our black history is awesome and worthy Our family is so glad that our father had the knoweldge to share his knowledge of our history it is a shame that Black history is not taught in the school system . Thanks daddy for sharing ur boook sense wit the world ...
 A graceful and clear translation of the Holy Bible , the NRSV maintains fidelity to the original Greek and Hebrew texts while producing an edition equally at home when read from the lectern at church or on the couch at home . The translators have carefully reviewed words which refer to men only , and , when appropriate , translated them to include all the faithful . For example , when the Apostle Paul addresses the `` brothers '' , the NRSV substitutes `` friends '' or `` brothers and sisters . '' They never tamper with masculine references to God . It is their contention that this slight modification actually makes their translation more accurate . For example , when St. Paul says , `` Brothers , I do not want you to be ignorant concerning the resurrection , '' this version reminds us that the sisters should also not be ignorant . The complete version with the Apocryphal / Deuterocanonical books contains the fullest collection of books received as sacred Scripture by any historical branch of the Christian Church . By including such difficult-to-find books as 3 Maccabees and Psalm 151 , they have produced the only easily obtainable Bible for the whole Church .
 I purchased ISBN :0195283600 . This particular edition differs a bit from other reviews I 've read -- no portraits , etc.It 's an Oxford , so if it were possible for me to have gotten an NRSV with the Apocrypha in genuine black leather from someone else , I 'd have done it gladly . Oxford generally cuts corners in the Bible-making process.Because it will be a secondary Bible for me , I 'm not terribly peeved about Jesus ' words NOT being red , there being no concordance , and there being no dictionary of any kind . The leather is nice but a bit stiff . The spine , however , is sewn and very flexable -- a major plus for a long-lasting Bible.I like the fairly handy size very much . Bibles are gennerally made way too big . The paper is very quality and the font selection and paragraph-style page layout is very nice as well.Reguarding the translation itself
 It 's hard to find superlatives enough to describe this edition . Everything about it is both useful and beautiful.A pocket Bible with the Apocrypha is rare enough to begin with , but -- in addition to the usual Catholic Deuterocanonicals and Protestant Apocrypha -- this little book manages to include everything in the Greek and Slavonic canons . It will fatten your pocket a little , but it 's worth the extra bulk to have the extra books , especially if you 're interested in the history of Christian thought.The binding makes pocket Bibles from American publishers look crude . The type , even in the footnotes , is remarkably legible . There are just enough helps in the back to be useful without bulking up the book unnecessarily.The Anglicized Edition is not substantially different from the American edition of the NRSV . If you 're a pastor , lector , or writer who needs to use the NRSV in the exact form that 's approved for the liturgy in your church , you might not want to rely on this edition . I do n't think most other readers will notice the difference .
 I am very picky about the typography in my Bibles -- and for its small size this beautiful little Bible is very easy to read . I have the Burgundy Leather Bound edition which is beautifully bound and finished . This is the aforementioned `` anglicised '' version -- I do want to counter the review above by saying that I do n't find the differences troublesome at all . There are very few discrepancies between this and my `` regular '' NRSV ...
 This NRSV Bible is actually in green , imitation leather with Anglicized text .
 It seems a little big for a pocket Bible but a very nice Bible . Also has a place marker in it .
 Take the Bible to the streets in a good size for briefcase or bag or really big pocket . It is the NRSV , one of the most popular translations out there . This is my main Bible for my work in the church .
 For those looking for a portable , inexpensive edition of the NSRV , look no further . Although the size of the volume is slighter larger than most of its kind , its sturdy construction makes it a suitable choice for travelers or commuters . The binding is a dark olive leatherflex with gold lettering.The type is small , but still easy to read . Please take note that this is the Anglicized version , so there are slight differences in spelling and usage . However , most readers should not find that a problem .
 Black bonded leather , with Apocrypha , strap flap closur
 Black Berkshire leather with Apocryph
 If you think that traveling means staying in one place for awhile , then you 'll love this book . Learning to Bow gives readers a look not at the urban Japanese who are already beginning to live slightly outside the boundaries of their society 's expectations , but the village Japanese . These are the people who sometimes do not even travel to Tokyo , much less Hawaii , S.F. or NYC ! Feiler treats his subjects with kindess an affection , and admits that he is comparing Japanese society to American society . I could n't put it down .
 In College I was assigned the task of reading `` Learning to Bow '' by Bruce Feiler . But as a lot of college undergraduates , I swept the book aside and forgot about it.I recently uncovered it and figured why not give reading it a try.As soon as I turned the first page it became obvious that this would be a text I would not be putting down soon.Bruce Feiler paints a magnificent picture of the world he entered into as an American teacher of English in Japan . Sharing with us the laughs and lessons learned along the way.This offers an amazing story to those interested in traveling abroad as well as any person interested in another culture.Even those these exploits took place decades ago a truth remains the same , keep your mind open to the world and you can always learn something new about yourself .
 What are Japanese schools really like ? That 's a question I 'm interested in . Turns out , according to Bruce Feiler , Japanese schools are overcrowded and overly focused on discipline and structure . Why are they so successful , then ? They are successful in producing students who work well in overcrowded , disciplined and structured situations . Japanese schools are remarkably bad in producing creative and self-motivated students . As a librarian working in the public schools , I found this a fascinating book .
 Bruce Feiler 's cultural ` adventure ' , teaching young students in Japan , starts out with a really good laugh as he gets his first lesson on customs ; learning to bathe ! Truly comedic , though the humor early on bothered me . And sure enough , I eventually learned why.As it happens to be , Learning to Bow is a deeply rooted custom that demands the ` utmost ' respect , where humor interferes . I was n't able to grasp the full understanding of what I was feeling until the near end of the book when the graduating children began practicing the bow to perfection . As Feiler too observes , learning to bow is `` far more than a mere social greeting
 Bruce Feiler takes us on an insightful and often humourous look at what it 's like to teach English in a Japanese junion high school . He combines classic cultural research with his own personal experiences , giving the reader a good look inside a world that so many people both love and often misunderstand.It is n't just the Japanese school system that Feiler lets the reader explore in Learning to Bow . All aspects of Japanese culture are up for grabs , from dating to the proper way to eat lunch to fashion . He often makes comparisons between Japanese and American methods , drawing his own conclusions but still giving us a chance to form our own without his bias . While he may disagree with the benefits of some parts of Japanese culture , he does n't say , for example , that those aspects are bad . Merely that he disagrees.I 've read this book twice before , and still love it now as much as I did when I first opened the cover to page 1 . Though Feiler 's experiences recounted in the book take place in the late 80 's , the words and story themselves have such a timeless feel that they could have been written yesterday.Most certainly , I 'd recommend this book for anyone who 's seriously interested in teaching in Japan -LRB- through the JET program , perhaps -RRB- , or for those who are interested in another look into Japan 's fascinating culture .
 I loved this book . I had to keep in mind though , Japan has changed a lot since the author was a teacher in Japan .
 Bruce Feiler was one of the first JET English language teachers in Japan , and chronicles his experiences with his Japanese students , supervisors and colleagues with an observant eye towards Japanese society and culture . Bruce-san takes us along on his eye-opening hospital stay , on learning how to pick up Japanese girls at bars , on seasonal trips for fall viewings , skiing , and more.One obvious advantage in Bruce 's camp was the fact that he already spoke Japanese and had previously lived in Japan , easing his transition . Although the portrait of Japanese society is somewhat dated -LRB- late '80s , much has transpired since then with the Japanese economy -RRB- , his portrayal of a country at odds with its unique culture versus globalization , of the schools serving as parents and educators combined , and of the group , rather than the individual , as a unit captures the Japanese spirit . This was a delightful book in the vein of Will Ferguson 's `` Hokkaido Highway Blues '' and Dave Barry 's `` Dave Barry Does Japan . '' If you 're considering teaching in Japan through the JET program , this is an excellent introduction to the Japanese school system and of the early JET program .
 Bruce Fielder pens the story of his experience as an English Teacher in Japan . Similar to `` You Got ta Have Wa '' , this book is more about the experiences of an outsider fitting in to Japan than the occupational hazards of teaching English . To use his own words , Fielder really does cut into the heart of Japan . Interspersed between stories of the challenges of the educational system are many deeper lessons . Included are an explanation of the importance of group harmony and identity , how co-workers balance formal working relationships with personal bonds , and how personal development differs between Japan and the West.Perhaps my only struggle was hearing how hard it was for the author to find a date in Japan . Japan is legendary for English teachers `` punching above their weight '' and finding girlfriend 's well out of their league in the US . But perhaps the book would have lost it 's tone and cultural insights if it degenerated into a story of how many girls the author picked up.The book has held up remarkably over the past 10 years . Despite the bursting of the Japanese bubble , the cultural lessons ring true today . I recommend the book to anyone interested in Japan , independent of occupation .
 The author , Feiler , took up a year long tenture in a Japanese secondary school to teach English . As such , most of the chapters in this book are concentrated on comparisons between the Japanese school system and its American counter part . The author did an excellent analysis on this subject matter , there were lots of insightful ideas within the chapters . The writing style of this book is crisp and clear , sparkled with touches of humors at various places . Overall , it 's an excellent book to be used for cross-cultural research , as well as a fun and educational book to read about . The only slight complain I have regarding this book is that since the author had concentrated heavily on the subject matter of ` schools ' , therefore he had to left many of the other fanscinating aspects of the Japanese culture unmentioned . It 's not an all-around cross-cultural book .
 I lived in Japan for eight years with the millennium right in the middle and while it is true that Feiler describes a situation that has changed quite a lot , there is much more in the book that is still relevant and truthful . I find it kind of funny that a number of readers think Feiler is arrogant or that he has a superiority complex . I found just the opposite
 Bruce Feiler shares his experience as a new teacher in Japan and how he accommodates himself to the culture of Japan and its school system . The book includes many humorous episodes as well as studies in how to adapt to new surroundings and to people who have different behaviors from those of our own . The reader will develop a greater appreciation for the way in which the Japanese education system works at the levels described in the book and in how one must develop a thick skin and a great sense of humor in order to be accepted when traveling or working overseas . The characters in this book are real and are brought to life on paper quite effectively . This is a story of shock , adaptation , and , ultimately , but with a lot of hard work - success .
 `` Learning to Bow '' is a beautifully written memoir concerning Bruce Feiler 's year-long excursion with the Japanese Ministry of Education . The novel is rather tedious at times , but Feiler is able to recover with both thoughtful and charming storytelling.Feiler is simply a masterful observer . He portrays both the attitude and the manner of Japan in a very understandable style . I must say , I was blown away and inspired as I read the last few chapters . `` This -LSB- book -RSB- should be required reading . ''
 It was also one of the most helpful and accurate books I read about Japanese education before I travelled there as a Fulbright Memorial Program participant .
 Amazon managed to completely screw up a very simple order . I was trying to send my nephew this book , and Amazon completely screwed it up . Now I get to re-send the book after Amazon sends it to me .
 This book is very good . Having lived in Japan for a year and a half , I knew some of the realities of school life . This book de-mythologizes the educational system and shows you not only its impressive strengths , but also its fatal flaws . I thought it had a very balanced approach . It would be great to read whenever you feel that the American educational system is being left in the dust . It will raise your spirits .
 Into both the strengths and weakness of not only Japan 's educational system , but its culture as a whole . We as Westerners have a tendency to perceive the Japanese as having a `` perfect '' society , but this book helps to expose its flaws . Yes , their economy , schools , etc , etc are -LRB- or at least often seem -RRB- superior to our own , but as Mr. Feiler points out rather repeatedly , is it worth the price of ultimate conformity they are asked to pay ? While I certainly think we can learn many , many things from them , they can also learn much from us . I would rather come from the `` inferior '' American educational system than give up so many of my freedoms of personal expression.As an added bonus , Mr. Feiler 's book is not only immensely informative , it is a fun read with lots of interesting nuggets of trivia about Japanese culture and history . And the way the chapters are broken down into very specific themes -LRB- they are even each introduced with a quote to help illuminate that chapter 's theme -RRB- would make it an excellent choice to use in the classroom at the high school or college level , in segments or as a whole.Overall , highly recommended !
 As an employee of a Japanese company I expecially enjoyed this insightful revelation of everyday life in small town Japan . The writing is very clear and fast paced . I could feel myself in his shoes much of the time and at several points laughed out loud . He has a strong entry to start the book that `` hooked '' me within 10 pages.I strongly reccommend this for anyone curious about the world and especially for anyone working with or for the Japanese . Great cultural insights are provided as well as a clear explanation of the mechanisms , style , strengths and weaknesses of their school system , parenting and home life
 I remember before I left for my first trip to Japan in 1996 , reading about Feiler and his adventures in an Onsen hot springs . I remember his description of having to take of all his clothes and bathe in front of all these Japanese guys he just met . Any yet , during my trip in 1996 the same thing happened to me ! I felt just like Feiler ! The book is informative about Japanese culture and at the same time a great read . Its a must read if you plan to visit Japan ... especially if you are a teacher .
 Every gaijin -LRB- foreigner -RRB- who visits or lives in Japan is going to have a completely different experience , and thankfully , Feiler wrote his impressions down . My uncle gave me this book in hardback when it first came out in 1991 because Feiler is from his hometown of Savannah , Georgia . I 'm glad to see it 's still in print in paperback because it 's a classic that anyone interested in Japanese culture should read.Feiler begins his book by bravely stating , `` I dropped my pants and felt a rush of cool wind against my legs . '' He 's standing on a stone path in the cool of evening his first night out of Tokyo . Twelve sets of eyes peer curiously at him , whom we learn are his new co-workers in the school where he 's teaching . Yes , this is quite a bit of culture shock . Whereas in the states , a new teacher might be taken to a luncheon , Feiler says , `` As a newcomer in Japan , I would be welcomed into my office as I was welcomed into the world
 Bruce Feiler spent a year teaching English in a Japanese junior high school in Tochigi prefecture . His book contains both his observations on the Japanese school system and his own experiences as an American living in Japan for the first time . He also takes time to explain unfamiliar aspects of the culture , from Shinto religious practices to the evolution of the Japanese school lunch . This is a very appealing introduction to Japan from a young man who admires many aspects of Japanese culture but does not hesitate to criticize other aspects . There are some wonderful set pieces , such as his introduction to an onsen -LRB- hot spring -RRB- communal bath , his stay in a hospital , and his climb of Mt. Fuji . Feiler was in Japan in the late 80 's , so some of his observations are , of course , dated , but that 's hardly a good reason not to read this fine book . How could a memoir not be `` dated '' in the sense that it conveys a particular time and place ? Feiler 's strength as a writer is the blend of sharp observation and humor -LRB- including the self-deprecating kind -RRB- that he brings to his book . He depicts very well the sort of `` lost in translation '' moments that any traveler to Japan -LRB- or any other unfamiliar place -RRB- is bound to have . A further plus is the way he avoids the hushed , reverential tone found in some other accounts by travelers to Japan . This is a particularly useful book if you are planning a trip to Japan yourself .
 An unusual view of Japanese society . Seen not as usual through the eyes of a tourist , journalist , or other professional observer , but from the viewpoint of someone living there . Mr Fieler must not only learn a new job , but a new culture .
 As I made my way through Feiler 's account , I was primarily amused by his humorous initial encounters with Japanese culture
 This is the best book I have ever read on Japan and Japanese culture.I do n't care how many books you have or have read about Japan your studies are not complete until you have read this book.Learning to Bow went into the REAL JAPAN with every day people , there customs , and there every day lifes.Step away from the books for tourist and find what the real Japan is like.I learned more from this one book than all my others and I have a lot .
 This is such a great book ! I loved reading it , slow at times but it gave me insight in what I was wanting to do with my life .
 The author 's style is captivating and simple . He was in Japan over twenty years ago , so I 'm assuming that some if not much of his anecdotes may be regarded as dated over there . Regardless , a fun read which does n't follow the stereotypical ` Japanese kids do n't have fun ' or ` Japanese people do n't have individuality ' .
 This is the best book I have read by or about foreigners living in Japan . The author has moved to Japan to teach English in a typical small town school . Quite a wide variety of situations and scenes in Japanese daily life are covered from an outsider 's perspective . His interactions with the school 's principal , district administrators , teachers , the students and their parents are well written in a descriptive and anecdotal way . Mr Feiler is not just a good storyteller but is a very insightful writer as well . I immediately reread the book and enjoyed the second reading even more than the first .
 I lived in Japan and taught English in a small town Junior High School at about the same time Bruce Feiller was living the experience he relates in the book . It was so much fun to relive that time in my life through another person 's eyes . The author 's writing style is fluid , easy to read and very engaging , not to mention funny ! You do not have to be a former english teacher in order to truly enjoy his experiences . Learning to Bow is light and enjoyable . This book gives the reader insight into a culture that can is full of contradictions that only make sense once you 've experienced them first hand . A must read for anyone thinking of travelling to Japan especially if he/she will be teaching . For everyone else it will be a very enjoyable , light story of a young man 's adventures in a very foreign country .
 Learning to Bow
 This book is useful for anyone moving to Japan , either as part of the JET Programme or any other reason . After living in Japan for a few years -LRB- not on the JET Programme -RRB- I recognized a lot of truth to what Feiler had to say . This book also provided me with an inside look at and the pros and cons of the Japanese school system . Through my own experience , I honestly am amazed at the amount of pressure placed on students to do well in school in Japan . For the most part , the students ' effort pays off when they are accepted into a great high school or college , regardless of the two-hour-one-way commute some of them endure . At the same time , however , I wish the school system in Japan encouraged students to be more creative and that the environment allowed them to learn more about the world around them . Despite that , though , the Japanese people make great students and are some of the nicest people you 'll meet in your life . This book , through the author 's experiences in Tochigi Prefecture , show this and more , all in an entertaining , well-written way . And if for that reason alone , this book is worth reading once for anyone interested in Japan .
 This book by Bruce Feiler is not just about the Japanese educational system but about the Japanese themselves . While it does touch on how students and teachers work together , teen suicide and cram school , it also deals with the problems of racism , the way the Japanese balance their lives and their duties to society , and even a few chapters on Japanese dating and marriage . It is full of humor , insight and clear thinking . Mr. Feiler clearly but a lot of thought into his visit and is just as clear in explaining to us what he feels is the important and major issues that Japan has to deal with - not just then but now and in the future . A must for any library on Asia or Japan .
 I really enjoyed reading this book , even if at times the author did seem a bit lofty . It was funny and gave a nice peek into some of the mannerisms in Japan . Though there were a few slow areas of the book , for the most part , it flowed nicely !
 Stumbled across this recently and found it an agreeable and on-target accound of life in Japan , based on my own experience . Some parts soar , others drag , but one could say that about almost any biographical work that rings true . I 've found one other memoir that more thoroughly nails shut the whole -LRB- surprisingly huge -RRB- `` teaching in Japan from the male perspective '' genre , but Feiler 's book fills in a lot of blanks for those who wonder what it 's like to live and teach in Japan , and does it in an engaging manner .
 _ Learning to Bow _ is an engaging , very readable , incisive but affectionate memoir of an American teacher 's sojourn in rural Japan . Especially hilarious is Feiler 's account of preparations for a junior high school fieldtrip to Disneyland that included setting up chairs and practicing getting on and off the bus efficiently . -LRB- Japanese tour groups seem to me to spend a lot of time hovering around outside their busses . -RRB- Assembling for group photos at every stop is another activity I have noticed preoccupying Japanese tour groups in Hawai'i and California . . Japanese ritualism and indirect speech make more sense here than in , say , in James Kirkup 's condscending memoirs . Feiler does not overklook Japanese ethnocentrism -LRB- not just we 're best but we are so totally unique -RRB- , nor does he recognize some of his own . Cho , a friend , tells Feiler
 Exceptionally fine narrative
 Although written about experiences the author had about 18 years ago , this remains a useful and entertaining primer for those who are interested in Japanese education . Anyone who has been to Japan or worked as a teacher in Japanese schools will be able to relate to Feiler 's predicaments as a novice to this complex culture and mindset . Feiler 's research of the history and motivations behind Japan 's educational system , as it related to his own situation in Sano 's middle schools , is an excellent introduction to the topic . Of course , Japan has changed much since the period this book was written , but not that much that you wo n't smile at the similar circumstances you may have found yourself in at some point in Japan.The author takes a difficult route at times in balancing between a review of Japan 's educational system and his own interactions with students and fellow teachers . Personally , I would rather have enjoyed reading more stories of his involvement with his students , but Feiler 's purpose for this book was more than just a one-year travel diary . And in this regard he does a fine job . The only issue I had with the entire book was the cynical approach used in two chapters describing school graduation and a marriage ceremony . Using just Feiler 's depictions , a reader could form quite an unfavorable view of these ceremonies when compared to their Western counterparts . Although many Japanese will not express outward emotion during such important occasions of their life cycles , their inward feelings can be just as strong as any Westerner and should not be judged any differently . But these are small distractions from what is overall a wonderful introduction to the challenging vocation of teaching English in Japan.It would be great to see a followup article or book by Feiler regarding this topic . Time and experience tend to add so much to one 's view of the world , and Feiler certainly shows the literary skills here that would make such a retrospective work eminently worth reading . The only question might be whether the people of Sano would truly welcome Feiler back to write such a book , considering the criticism they and their educational system take in `` Learning to Bow . '' Yet somehow I 'd be willing to wager that most Sano-ites would not be able to resist Feiler 's Southern charm and sincerity anymore now than they could back in 1987 .
 The primary strength of this book is the writing style . Unlike many books about Japanese culture , this book is funny and `` living . '' The book contains a series of anecdotes , each one focusing on a particular experience that Bruce S. Feiler had during his stay . The stories are written as first-person memoirs , and cover such broad topics as Hiroshima and Nagasaki to how to date a Japanese girl . The writing is clever and engaging.The only thing I felt this book was lacking was an update of some sort . Written about 11 years ago , `` Learning to Bow '' is about Japan during the `` bubble economy . '' Japan has gone through severe economic and societal changes since then , and I wonder how much of the information is still current . Surely , with the JET program in full swing for several decades now , the presence of foreigners is not such a surprise anymore . Also , the place of women has gone through some significant changes since this book was written.Still , anyone planning a long-term stay in Japan should read this book . It is fun , insightful and has great tips for climbing Mt. Fuji .
 Bruce Feiler was one of the first participants on the JET program , a program sponsored by the Japanese government to bring foreign young people to Japan for the purposes of education and `` internationalization . '' While Feiler 's experiences are a little unusual , in that he can already speak Japanese when he arrives and the events at his school are rather dramatic , overall his story reflects the life of a typical JET program participant . The culture shock , the unbending bureaucracy , the complex and often disaffected attitudes of students , the instant celebrity and lack of privacy that goes with it , are all symptoms that JETs experience . I read the book and often found myself nodding in agreement , having experience the same events and feelings myself . If you want to have an intimate look at the world of education in Japan today , Feiler 's book is an excellent place to start . If you are thinking about joining the JET program , this book is a must , along with Importing Diversity .
 One of the most direct , straightforward , research-based presentations of the shadow side of compulsory education , Harber , a professor of international education at the University of Birmingham , describes in global terms the ways in which schooling not only reproduces violence around the world , but actually naturalizes it and propels it . Because compulsory education is fundamentally authoritarian in nature , and the institution is arranged to control and survey those within it , formal education in many contexts -LRB- even dear old Britain -RRB- inculcates insensibility towards emotional and physical brutality , sexual abuse , racism and classism . Harber , a plain speaking , no nonsense academic with abundant experience in international education projects , offers a unique and compelling global perspective on the toxic effects of education on pupils . He takes on directly the ways in which almost all educational policy discourse begins with a false consensus -- and perhaps a false consciousness -- that universal formal education is always of positive humanist benefit in childrens ' lives . Instead , after several chapters in which he traces the relationship between recent genocides in -LRB- the former -RRB- Yugoslavia or Rwanda to common school practices , or the incidence of corporal punishment in the classrooms of contemporary `` developed '' countries like the United States and Britian , Harber suggests pointedly , `` It would be good if in the future politicians , academics and others concerned with educational policy always acknowledged in their speeches and their writing that schools do hard as well as good and that school-pupil violence exists . '' His book is chock ablock with evidence that this is so , as uncomfortable as this for many . In an American context , where very few academics write bluntly and unapologetically about the harmful effects of education on the human mind and spirit , Harber 's work is refreshingly unadorned and unembellished .
 If you enjoy with the Sandman histories , you 're gon na love this book . In this book you can find a description of a lot of customes in the Dream . Many times in The Sandman i 've heard about several customes , that i did n't knew it , and because of that i do n't get what the history was about . If you have this problem , this is what are you looking for , or if you love The Sandman histories like I do , your are gon na love this book too .
 I have reviewed this book previously but am having a second bite because I am annoyed by the conduct of the previous reviewer . He claims , apparently trying to dam the dialogue , there is a phrase
 This has one of the great Poul Anderson 's last stories in it , which wopuld alone be a sufficient reason to buy it , plus one by Niven himself . The others are by tried-and-tested favourite Man-Kzin authors Paul Chafe and Hal Colebatch . Between them they add up to a fine portrait of the complex human-Kzin interaction after the Kzinti have to try to come to terms with the fact that they can lose wars.In Anderson 's Pele , they must acknowledge human superiority in space-craft . But can they ? Like most of Anderson 's stories , has a strong science as well as human element.In Hal Colebatch 's `` His Sergeant 's Honour '' , the collection 's strongest story , a battered old Kzin sergeant holds the last Kzin fort on Wunderland , a planet long occupied by the Kzinti but now re-conquered by humans , charged with guarding , among others , a human collaborator and a Royal kitten - Vaemar-Riit , last son of the great Chuut-Riit , who is destined to play a big part in `` Music-Box '' in Man-Kzin 10 , `` The Wunder War , '' and , I hope , in adventures to come . He is too good a charater to waste.In the meantime , old Raargh-Sergeant must choose between death and dishonour . Or Has it become dishonourable to choose death in this strange new time of Monkey victories?Windows of the Soul , also set in post-occupation Alpha Centauri , is a rather dark detective story in the Raymond Chandler Tradition . Best not say too much for fear of revealing the plot.Larry Niven 's `` Fly-by-Night '' is a follow-on from Hal Colebatch 's `` Telepath 's Dance '' in Man-Kzin VIII - what happened ot the dewscendents of the first rogue telepath when he turned against the Patriarchy and threw in his lot with Selina Guthlac and the humans of the `` Angel 's Pencil '' ? All these stories are taut , pacy and well-written . The Kzinti , or somne of them . show they are more than just dumb killing-machines and are capable of thoughtfulness .
 received the book in very quick order , Have not finish others getting to that numbers . I try to read in order but book is in excellent condition . Received in a timely manner , thank you for speedy shipment .
 Contrary to what an earlier reviewer said , the Poul Anderson story , `` Pele '' is not OLD . The first and third volumes in the M-K Wars series both had Anderson stories , but this is not one of those . The story previously appeared in an sf magazine -LRB- ANALOG , I think -RRB- about a year ago , but it is one of the last stories that Anderson wrote before his untimely death . Having corrected that misinformation , I 'll say that no book with grand masters Anderson and Niven on board should be missed . And newer writers Chafe and Colebatch are no slouches either .
 I 've read every book in the Man-Kzin wars and they just keep getting better with each book . I finished this last book within a couple of days and loved the detail and longer refferences to the kzin side of the story . I 've noticed with each book there has been less war and more cooperation between humans and the kzin but that is because most of the kzin are being killed off with each war and the remaining ones are learning to think before they leap. :-RRB- I recommend this book to everyone .
 All the Man-Kzin stories are teriffic and this does not disappoint . Taut action , real charcters and original ideas in all of them . Sad that the story Pele was one of the last by rhe late , great Poul Anderson . I would like to see more illustrations of the very exciting and often weird scense described - for example the confrontation between the old Kzin warrior Raargh and the human woman resistance fighter Jocelyn in the ruined sergeant 's mess in His Sergeant 's Honour and the desperate ploy of the kzin cub Vaemar to defuse the situation . More please , and soon !
 Fans of the great Poul Anderson should buy this because it contains almost his last story . Hal Colebatch 's `` His Sergeant 's Honour '' should actually come in book 10 , after `` The Corporal in the Caves '' and before `` Music Box . '' It introduces the Royal Kzin kitten Vaemar , later Vaemar-Riit , and the -LRB- later -RRB- wicked collaborationist-turn-coat police Captain Jocelyn van der Straat , and explores the conflicting demands of honour on a battle-scarred old Kzin sergeant who must come to terms with the unfamiliar concept of `` Surrender '' and his duty to protect both Vaemar and a human collaborator . The other two stories keep up the standard .
 What a clever idea for Larry Niven to fill out his Known Universe with these Man-Kzin stories . No writer could possibly have the time to develop these ideas by doing it himself and having the stories written by others brings fresh blood to the task . Winners all .
 While this is another good member of the series it is not quite as thought provoking as others with less technical innovation and science than earlier books in the series . However , I ca n't help admit I like them all .
 HELLO DAVID WAYNE , THIS IS ME MICHELLE TAYLOR , WE HAD A CRAZY LIFE TOGETHER GROWING UP YOU AND I.I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO CONTACT YOU FOR A LONG TIME , IF YOU GET THIS MEGG , PLEASE E-MAIL ME AT BAPTISM1996@aol.com.this is my e-mail address.we have alot to catch up on . miss you much . MISS YOU MUCH MICHELLE TAYLOR .
 What a wonderful book this is ! It taught me that no matter what circumstances life throws at you ... you , the person remains constant . Be true to yourself and cherish the daily life you are given . The reader can identify with the personal accounts in this book , these things can happen to any one of us . As each day unfolds , we need to remember that we are in control , not of the circumstances , but how we deal with them .
 Living in Chaos is Living in Stability is truly a book that has inspired me to be more aware of my spirituality and has shown me many ways to do this . It is a book that has brought peace to my heart having read it right after September 11 , 2001 . If you are searching for more meaning in your life and comfort of your soul , this book is an excellent choice .
 Samira Rao 's book is very enlightening . I really enjoyed the format she used by having others , people like me and you , tell their stories and share their messages . The stories are very inspiring . Mrs. Rao gives clear and direct guidance on ways to progress along our spiritual paths . Her book is full of pearls of wisdom -- it really touched my heart .
 I read the book and found it to be very interesting.I could relate to the book because it 's personal stories of normal people . I found the stories very emotional and inspirational . It moved me.I also got good advice and learned new things like meditation and yoga in a simple and easy to follow manner .
 The book changed my boundaries . I have become aware of my limitations and now I truly believe that these boundaries are not limitations but gifts in disguise . I realized the importance in one 's short comings is the lesson that it presents for the seeker . Thank-you .
 This book is inspiring an uplifting . It will help guide yourself through life . If you worry about why things never go right , then this book is for you . This book will help you understand your inner spirit and guide you to what is really the best for you overall . Once you read it you will be stronger at accepting life events and your own inner core spirit . The author uses real life examples and thought provoking philosphies . They will make you realize that we are constantly fighting and trying to change the inevitable . However , if we can just accept life and ourselves , everything will work out for the best . It is very well written . You wo n't want to loan it to anyone , because you 'll want to refer back to it frequently !
 This is a very hopeful and enlightening book as the various thoughts and stories help us to look at life in a more positive way , which can only improve quality of our lives . It made me realize to be aware of the world around me and to learn to appreciate things and people in our lives . We usually live our lives in such hustle and bustle that we overlook the many experiences and people that we face in our daily lives . In the stories of the common everyday people in the book , we realize that we are not alone , that there are factors beyond us which are involved and that we should be open to them and not overlook our experiences.This book is very easy to read and understand and each chapter stands by itself . You can open up any chapter at any time and with the thoughts and the connected stories of real people , you can find enlightenment.A wonderful book , full of hope and insight .
 Samira 's book easy to read , and speaks to those of us who ponder what the meaning is of what happens to us and why . The people in her book are real , with real life experiences to share . It 's easy to pick up and read any certain part at any time ... great job !
 Living In Chaos Is Living In Stability is a book involving true stories with powerful thoughts which are encouraging and uplifting . This book is personal in that it is about peoples ' private lives and their experiences and yet it relates to everyday life because these experiences can occur to anybody . Whether you are at the peak of your life or beginning a new chapter in your life , something drastic can happen and change your world around . The stories are touching , yet enlightening and they bring you inner strength to deal with the realities of life.I would strongly recommend this book to readers from all walks of life .
 An amazing book . Personal life stories that all of us can relate to . Attempts to answer the question `` why me ? '' that we tend to ask in adverse times.Inspirational and uplifting .
 ` Living in chaos is living in stability'is a very well written and thought provoking book . The stories are very personal and evoke an emotional response in the reader . There is lot of new information also about yoga and ` shakra 's ' . The thoughts are very interesting and follow the stories .
 Excellent book !!! Personal stories were utilized well and gave the reader a sense that enlightnment is not an elusive idea and can be experienced by all . I found this book uplifting and one to keep on my coffee table for future reference .
 This is a great story of dragons and adventure accompanied by spectacular pictures . Not much else to tell .
 I love this book . Honestly , I have n't read it . I 've only stared at the images and drawn the dragons from the book . I LOVE drawing them.Perhaps I should read it some time too !
 Ithink that the Dragon cronicles is the best dragon book ever.A wizard has to find evil dragons and has exciting advetures.the paintings are fantastic and really well done.I really like thedead baby dragon that looks like it has been squashed inthe book . cool !
 Buyers should know that the various editions of the book are substantially the same . In an effort to get what I thought was the `` original '' book , I ordered a British copy , published by Pegasus Publishing in 2002 and 2003 . I also bought both the Courage and Running Press editions . I was hoping the British edition would have -LRB- as other reviewers have described -RRB- pages like parchment or old vellum , text that looks like handwritten script , etc. . It did n't . Still , all three editions are beautiful ; it 's just my expectations which were unrealistic .
 This is a fantastic book , you really are convinced that it is a copy of an actual journal writen centuries ago . All the pages are made to look like old parchment.The story is of how an old loyal wizard is commanded by his dying king to seek and destroy a number of evil dragons that threaten the peace of the kingdom.The colour pictures art great and ther are lots of interesting things sketched by the artists that the wizard took with him to record his quest.It is a super looking book , all old and weathered like . It looks great on the shelf with my collection of dragon models .
 This is a really great book.It is like a really old diary kept by an old wizard that records his adventures when he is sent off by the king to search for dragons that are causing trouble in the kingdom.Because he takes Artists with him the book is crammed with colour paintings and sketches of the adventure . There is even studies of things like dragon claws and eggs and stuff , the weapons they use to kill the dragons and dried body of a ` dragonette ' a kind of miniture pirhana type dragon that attacks in swarms !
 Part adventure part encyclopaedia , The Dragon Chronicles is an exciting and unusual book . It will be enjoyed as much for its narrative thrills as for richness of its illustrative detail.The book appears to be a reproduction of an old journal that turned up for auction in a London sale room . It purports to be the diary journal of an old wizard , who to comply with the wishes of his dying king , sets off to find a group of malevolent dragons who are threatening the stability of the land.The book looks and feels like something that has been lying in a vault , forgoten for centuries . The pages are like old vellum and there are dozens of brilliant coloured paintings and sketches of dragons , weapons and specimens , like dragon eggs that were supposedly produced by various artist who accompanied the wizard on his journey . There is even a dried pressed speciment of a dreaded `` Dragnette '' a kind of flying piranha!Thoroughly enjoyable yarn for any age -LRB- why should kids have all the fun -RRB-
 I purchased this book in December of 2004 , but it was n't shipped to me until April 2005 . Apparently in the mean time , the book was republished in a very different format . Previous reviews describe the book as having a cover that `` looks like leather with metal hinges and locks '' . They also describe the pages as being `` made to look like parchment '' or `` are like old vellum '' , and `` the text looks like ancient hand written script '' . One reviewer said the book contains `` a dried pressed specimen of a dreaded ` Dragnette ' a kind of flying piranha '' . Overall the book `` looks and feels like something that has been lying in a vault , forgoten for centuries '' . This was all true of the original version , but is no longer true . The cover is now a standard hardcover -LRB- very servicable , but hardly looking like leather with metal hinges and locks -RRB- . The paper is smooth , glossy paper - high quality , but not parchment . The `` hand-written script '' has been replaced with a standard computer calligraphy font that looks nice , but does not look hand-written at all . Finally , there is no longer a dried speciman of a Dragnette . Needless to say , I was very disappointed with the book when it arrived . I guess the publisher found they could not make money selling the original version . -LRB- The originals are probably collector 's items now . -RRB- On the positive side , my 13-year old son liked the story , and the pictures are stunning as others have said . It is a good book , just not what it was originally .
 This book deserves five stars . If you love fantasy , you 'll love this book . It 's written as if it 's an authentic reproduction of an actual wizard 's journal . The artwork is spectacular , and the entire book is extremely well done . In the book the actual author is n't listed -LRB- Malcom Sanders is just one of the artists -RRB- , so it makes the book seem even more authentic . I would recommend this book to anyone of any age who loves fantasy . Top of the line . ~ L. L. Luther
 What a collectors item ! part adventure story , part encyclopedia . fasinating material . I started to believe its genuine . Worth it for the great atrwork alone
 Really captures the imagination . An exciting yarn , incredible colour illustrations plus interesting specimens of dragon remains etc. A real collectors item , whether its a reproduction of a genuine document -LRB- as claimed -RRB- or not ??? Some of the imagery certainly looks believable .
 Thank you very much for product . It was a replacement for a book my father had taken from him during a robbery . I know what a thing to steal . Your book made his day brighter . Thank you .
 A very good read ! Very recomended . I loved how the wizard fought the dragons . The pictures are amazing and i love how its written in caligraphy writting .
 This is a continuation from Barbara Bretton 's book Shore Lights.It follows the story of newly engaged couple Aiden O'Malley and Maddie Bainbridge along with their families.Their relationship has had its share of troubles -LRB- such as when Aiden fell and broke his leg right before they were going to concemate their relationship for the first time -RRB- but during their engagement Aiden and Maddie get thrown for several loops that threaten their relationship.Something is definitly going on with Maddies cousin Gina . She had been involved with Aiden 's brother Billy years before his marriage to Clair Meehan , but there is a secret about Gina 's son that threatens both of their families.Clair O'Malley is also one of the loops thrown in Aiden and Maddies relationship . She has been like a mother to Aiden 's daughter Kelly and does not like the fact that Maddie is threating that relationship . Is also is not comforable when one perticular journalist comes to town looking for a scoop for the marriage between the descendents of two of the towns founding families because Clair had a relationship with him after leaving her husband.Aidens daughter Kelly also is a loop in Aiden and Maddie 's relationship because the teenager is pregnant and does not know what to do .
 In Jersey Shore town Paradise Point Maddy Bainbridge and Aidan O'Malley are getting married . The twosome knows that they must also work extra hard to form a family unity that includes her five years old daughter Hannah and his seventeen years old daughter Gina . However , neither was prepared for the nuttiness of her family who are driving Maddy to think of eloping . All this lunacy is occurring in front of PBS as historical journalist Pete Lassiter is doing a series of shows on the town.However , Maddy learns a secret that Gina is hiding from her father . When she informs the teen that she must tell her father , Gina reacts by threatening to run off to New York to take care of business . Worried that the child will be all alone at a dark pivotal moment when she needs love and support , Maddy agrees to hide Gina 's secret from her dad even though it costs her the trust of her beloved and potentially the relationship.CHANCES ARE overwhelmingly that Barbara Bretton 's myriad of fans will appreciate this solid contemporary sequel to SHORE LIGHTS that continues the second chance at love story of two delightful protagonists . Gina 's crisis is a fabulous subplot that strains the relationship of the lovebirds even as Maddy 's family adds humor by sending the bride 's blood pressure to the stratosphere with their demands and intercession on how the nuptials will play out . Ms. Bretton provides a fine return to the Jersey shore with this warm family drama.Harriet Klausner
 I am a big fan of Barbara Bretton I confess . This story , which is a continuation of Shore Lights , but can be read by itself , was a great read . The character development was just as interesting as in the first book and I very much look forward to the next installment . If you enjoy family relationship drama involving characters of all ages the story line Ms. Bretton has developed will suit your fancy .
 Barbara Bretton knows how to keep the reader entertained and engrossed into her stories . Not one is alike , and anyone reading her book will find themselves wishing they were actually there , because somehow , as you read , you will find yourself going along with the main character ! I suggest her books to anyone who wants to read a good story without violence , nastiness , or hatred . I think many women will relate with one story or a character from age 20 to 80 . Good reading .
 I love books by Barbara Bretton . This was a great story , a follow up to Shore Lights . I only wish there was a sequel . Wonderful character development . I read a couple of books each week and this is close to the top of my list !
 I loved reading Aidan and Maddy 's story , as well as those of the other friends and family in the community . I did n't know it is a continuation of Shore Lights , but I 'm ordering that book tonight . You wo n't be disappointed because you get to know and care about these people , and it 's about what matters most , sacrifices made , and the love of family and friends .
 I love all of BB 's books and this one is no exception . Maddy and Aidan prepare to walk down the aisle , but are sidestepped by Aidan 's teenage daughter , Kelly . Great follow up to Shore Lights and ca n't wait for the next book !
 If you are reading this , you know there are very few books written for Western riders . This is about the best one there is , along with Forget 's other book , Western Horsemanship . Full of good common sense advice .
 I highly recommend this book as well as the authors other book on western riding . The training advice is practical and well presented compared to all the natural horsemanship stuff we 're bombarded with these days ! A used copy would be an asset to any horseman who loves to learn .
 You wo n't know whether to keep em or send em to your friends . There are 15 different postcards -LRB- 2 copies of each . -RRB- They are all real photos , in black and white . They have a few lines of text on the back telling the year the photo was taken , who took it , where it was taken , and usually why the dog is doing what it 's doing . All of the pc 's are cute , and most are funny , but in a subtle way . They are suitable to mail to just about everyone , but anyone who likes dogs or has one will especially enjoy them .
 These are wonderful postcards for any dog and/or animal lover . The photos are very well-done and the dogs are adorable.As the previous reviewer stated , the postcards are black and white pictures of dogs with a short bit of information on the back including the photographer , title and date of the photograph and a short bit of information on the dog in the photo.They are printed on thick 6 '' x 6 '' cardstock , which will make them durable in the mail -LRB- if you intend to mail them -RRB- . However , it should be noted that at this size , the postcards mail at letter rate and not postcard rate .
 This book portrays the challenge of searching for the truth and escaping a life of fulfilling other people 's desires . It shows that if you have the courage and determination , as well as strength , you can overcome what you consider injustice . A good portrayal of the American Dream -LRB- work hard for what you want and you 'll get it ! -RRB- in a unique fashion -- using American cultural history , namely the ` conquering ' of the Indians for your own benefit -- to show other injustices . Keep up the good work Earl Murray !
 In the Dark Places of Wisdom is one of the most insightful and well-written books I have ever read . It is a story of historical intrigue backed by tangible artifacts told in a fast paced , yet surprisingly soft and mystical light . I could n't put it down.Some of the western hypnotized reviewers here obviously do n't understand the profound knowledge that enriched the great ancient cultures . Its decline led to the horrendous Dark Ages where almost all learning was lost . But few ask why . Scholar and author , Peter Kingsley , ponders this question and shows us a bigger picture . He knows his history and esotericism like few others . In the spirit of the true Greek philosophers Kingsley poetically explains where rationality went wrong and subtly encourages the reader to consider a deeper meaning of life . It is no wonder hard cold rationalists feel their ego threatened by the revelations in this book.If you are myopic in your view of history , and believe myth and folklore are just silly stories , and that anything that came before us must be more primitive , then do n't bother to read this book - you wo n't get it anyway . But if you are beginning to think with your heart as well as your mind , and dare to imagine a history , indeed a future , more beautiful than brain alone allows , then you will love this book . Like a sacred site , `` Dark Places of Wisdom '' not only conveys unspoken knowledge , it awakens a higher reality.Kudos to Kingsley !
 I first read Kingsley 's books almost 5 years ago . It was life-changing . Every time I re-read In the Dark Places of Wisdom , in particular , I 'm taken back to that electric excitement , that freshness and wonder of tremendous discovery . It 's true , what the other reviewers say , this book reads like a mystery novel , a whodunit . Awe and urgency come through on every page.In the Dark Places of Wisdom is not an easy read , but not for the reasons you might expect . I think it 's because we , as a culture , are drowning in our own sensationalism . If you turn on the TV for half an hour , you 'll see what 's totally trivial and inane presented as momentous and earth-shattering . When we do finally encounter a real discovery , it can be extremely hard to accept . We 're jaded . But that does n't mean that great discoveries do n't exist anymore . Kingsley 's research is meticulous and impeccable . If you care to look , it will become harder and harder to escape his conclusions.And then , when you wrap your mind around what 's in this book and see the implications , you 'll find that it 's anything but a light read . You will probably find it , as I did , both profoundly unnerving and utterly thrilling . It 's such a surreal experience to discover that everything you 've always taken for granted about your civilization is wrong . And it 's nothing short of magical to find out that the truth is more beautiful , more alive , than you ever could have hoped or imagined . It 's like seeing life for the first time . It 's like walking into another world . Read this book . Your heart will thank you .
 This book reads like a mystery story , or rather a story aboutmystery . It is based on solid academic scholarship , but is by no meanswritten in an academic style . Rather , it is a highly personal account of the author 's discoveries about a famous Greek philosopher , Parmenides , and the philosopher 's surprising secret . A philosopher whom thousands of years of academic scholarship and philosophy regarded as a dry logician , turns out to be the representative of an authentic Mediterranean tradition of mystical practice . Kingsley 's writing takes on an almost religious intensity in places ; he writes like a man with a vision , trying to awaken those who have suppressed or forgotten their own spiritual connections . DARK PLACES OF WISDOM is something that can transcend the seminars and the classrooms , reaching out to spiritual searchers who are sick of the banalities of our society and are questing for a more direct experience of the divine . According to Kingsley , this is how that quest , and that experience , was done back in the Sicilian colonies of ancient Greece , 2500 years ago . And that tradition that Kingsley discovers , has been hidden in the depths of our Western culture and consciousness ever since . If you want an adventure which is both intellectual AND mystical , try this book . END
 Through In The Dark Places of Wisdom , Peter Kingsley covers the roots of the Western system of thought as revealed through the lives of Plato , Pythagoras and Parmeneides . Essentially , the Phoenicians brought eastern spiritual traditions with them when they fled the Persians . Through the methods of ` incubation ' , simply sitting quietly , these Greeks developed the most revelatory discoveries that we accredit to them.In our current rational systems we would instantly discredit anyone bringing ` laws from the gods delivered by dreams ' but not so in Greek society . The rational faculties we have celebrated in those we attributed early rationality to are heavily misplaced , shaking the foundations of our own systems.Perhaps the most significant failure of current humanity is the inability to experience incubation in our daily lives due to strict schedules . This quiet meditation of the heart is a core aspect of all mystical schools and a severe afterthought in the blueprint for modern existence . Truthfully , philosophy is n't arguing about thoughts or existence , its is the love of wisdom . Mysticism has been relegated to the fringes of culture and the more it gravitates outward , the more we push it away because we have to fill the void with some new substitution . I wo n't list those substitutions because you know what they are . The ways we avoid the ` path to the underworld ' undertaken by Parmeneides are numerous . Only by facing the depths of the human existence do we become human . By avoiding the dark side we come to fear it , it manifests as latent dissatisfaction , depression and terror.Sadly , many of us will `` come to the point of our death and find ourselves still wanting the thousand substitutes we are n't able to have '' . Kingsley posits , '' ... because there 's no knowledge left any more of how to find access to what 's beyond our waking consciousness , we have to take anesthetics and drugs . And because there 's no longer any understanding of powers greater than ourselves we 're denied any meaning to our suffering . So we suffer as liabilities , die as statistics . '' If that sounds familiar it is because he describes the way we observe the world around us . The promise of reviving methods of subconscious exploration like incubation has significant advantages . `` Life for us has become an endless affair of trying to improve ourselves , achieving more and doing more , learning more , always needing to know more things . The process of learning and being taught has simply become a matter of being fed facts and information , receiving what we did n't have before , always being given something different from ourselves . That 's what whatever we learn never touches us deeply enough ; why we sense this the more we rush around trying to find substitutions for the void we feel inside . Everything pushes us outside ourselves , further away from the simplicity of our humanity . `` Where does the knowledge for growth lie ? Inside ourselves
 This book is about so much more than what it seems to be . I read this because it was in the bibliography of `` The Apples of Apollo '' by Ruck , Staples , and Heinrich . Do n't think for a minute that the wisdom loved by Parmeneides is something you find just by sitting still in a cave . I would not have understood Kingsley 's book at all had I not already read the other . I 'm sure Kingsley knows exactly what he is doing .
 Imagine taking a journey in time from the Greek origins of western civilization to the present and in doing so , uncovering the forgotten and discarded truths that give birth to that civilization.Peter Kingsley has taken such a journey in an archaeologicaly iconoclastic and original interpertation of recent evidence which links us to a spiritual tradition , a tradition that is at the very heart of our western civilization . What is so lamentable is how alien this tradition , now myth , has become to our modern way of life.What we call myth , according to the author , was actualy closer to fact in our ancient past and to accept what he says is to take a spiritual and intellectual leap of faith into the world of ancient Greece of mystics , gods and godesses , heroes , oracles and dreams.But to us , the antithesis of western reason and logic that this tradition supposedly engendered.I liked how the author lends relevance and immediacy to his views by persuasively arguing that we in the west have lost our way and that by embracing the ancient teachings that we have lost we can begin to heal , which is a major theme of the book . This is not a spiritual guide or any new age pap . It 's simply a candle in the dark that shines our way and forces to see the evidence before our very eyes . Evidence which links us to our most human and spiritual of pasts.I found this book convincing purely on the raw Greek and other archaeological evidence presented and with text as guide it is hard not to draw the same conclusions as the author.The author
 This is an odd and interesting book that has deepened my appreciation for Greek history . Basically , it explores the mystical orientation of many of Greece 's greatest thinkers , including Pythagoras and Parmeneides . Most importantly , it shows that in their mystical orientation they were more than `` thinkers '' . Kingsley explores how Plato sought to change the direction of Greek thought by focussing more on rational thought , a turn away from the experiential spirituality of the earlier philosophers . He explores that experiental spiritual tradition which was `` mainstream '' prior to Plato 's usurpation of it . Kingsley attributes Platonic philosophy 's eclipse of this earlier and more deeply rooted tradition to Athenian military beligerence.In our understanding of the history of Greek thought , it sometimes appears that the early portion of that history involved oral myth and inspired poetry , while the latter portion is devoted to liberating man from the superstitions of the past , through rational thought . Kingsley shows us Greek thinkers who understood the value of myth and of exploring the depths of the psyche , for revelation , for healing , for finding wholeness and connection to a realm beyond death , the realm of `` heros '' who attain immortality through exploration of truth.We do n't have a lot of written material attributed to Parmeneides or written about him from reliable witnesses . Therefore , much of this little book contains Kingsley 's inspired interpretation and analysis of this limited amount of material , utilizing the considerably greater amount of information we have on the world in which Parmeneides and his peers lived.Some might not like this , but for me it was useful and meaningful that he brought this material to life for me , convincingly .
 This book simply floors me . Along with his scholarly tour de force Ancient Philosophy , Mystery and Magic , Kingsley is proving himself to be the Wilamowitz , Rohde or Nietzsche of the start of the new millenium . The man knows his sources intimately and has a truly sympathetic and astonishingly wide-ranging grasp of all the relevant material . As a neo-pagan who is at home with greek religious traditions I am so pleased to find a writer who combines solid scholarship with a mystical appreciation of the material he writes about . This book is a steal at twice the price . Buy it ! read it and keep it always handy in your library of necessary texts .
 the phrase `` missing pieces to a puzzle '' come to mind . the puzzle being our modern western life . really enjoyed this book , and his style of writing .
 The Origin is not at all far away . It is eternally Present . This wonderful book apparently tells the story about Parmenides and his lineage , all the while pointing the reader back to this Origin at the Heart of Being . The mystics appear to be the true realists . Enjoy !
 Peter Kingsley takes the reader on his documented journey beyond the origin of human `` Thought '' to the place of Embodied Experience.He builds the `` Container '' for the Left Out Wisdom of our Human Experience . Peter inrtoduces us to the Fact that we are Mortal and Emortal and Eternity exists in the space between our `` Conscious '' inhale and exhale.The Dark Places of Wisdom documents what I have known all my Life and did not have the `` Words '' for . I am Eternally Grateful . His book REALITY and CD 's Welcome to Eternity are also excellent.Barbara James M.A.
 Peter Kingsley 's books are frustrating because they strain and labor to argue against modern-era Philosophy , that prior to the Modern era , Philosophy was originally altered-state based ... using cave incubation.Actually he only focuses on the most ancient Greek and Italy Philosophers -LRB- Pythagoras , Parmenides , Empedocles -RRB- , similar to R. Gordon Wasson 's limiting of Amanita use in Judeo-Christianity to the period prior to the writing of the Eden tree story on page 2 of the Bible.What 's frustrating is that Kingsley does n't equate or explicitly address that Philosophy was entheogen-based -LRB- though he writes amply on the wine-mixing krater as the passageway to the underworld -RRB- , and that Philosophy remained entheogen-based throughout the entire period prior to the Modern era ; he vaguely asserts , but with tremendous , labored fanfare , that the altered state was induced by meditative incubation in caves.The mountain rumbled ! , and shook ! , and parted ! -- and out came a mouse .
 I have little to add to either the praise or criticism of this book , as previous reviewers have done both in exhaustive depth . I will say that only one reviewer has mentioned what I thought was one of the more interesting parts of the work
 I love this book . It reveals a shamanistic mystical tradition that is our heritage , but has been driven underground for thousands of years . It helped me understand more about the healing process that the human psyche is going through now . Healers and counselors will appreciate this work !
 I 'll admit it . I never really could warm up to the father of modern wisdom and this book goes a long way toward explaining why.Kingsley is an excellent writer and researcher.His position is very convincing and really does strike at the the heart of this east/west or inner/outer schism . I highly recommended it to anyone with a love of philosophy , even more so to anyone who found it boring .
 To find out the facts about how our Western Civilization got it 's start and why we are in such trouble . I could write many words that might bore you or TRY to inspire you . But I wo n't . This is a short book and easy to read book . But do n't be fooled by that . It is a very scholarly work that presents us with facts that have been hidden for far too long.You can agree or disagree , but that makes no difference . The evidence seems to stand for itself . I remember when I first discovered Peter Kingsley 3 or 4 years ago . I listened to some of online audios which can be found free of charge and I was immediately drawn to his work , but as I got further into it , I could not continue . I understand why now . I was being challenged . `` Dark places '' ... really who wants to go into dark places . So ran away for a few years.Peter presents quite a history in just a few chapters . I would recommend anyone to read this book . Especially if you would like to get some insight into our Western civilization , especially if you are attracted at all for any reason to read it , and most especially , if you are ready to be honest with yourself that you truly are being drawn into `` Dark Places '' within yourself . Because if you do , you will be surprised that the Light is not just UP there or floating around in some world of CHI , but the Light ... the greatest Light might just be found in the `` Darkness '' . I would suggest that you pay close attention to your body sensations as you read . When you read the book you will understand why I suggest that .
 ... because it is a novel . Kingsley started going off the deep end with this one , but as long as you remind yourself that this is just a story he is telling , a story from within him that actually has very little to do with Plato and Parmenides but only one guy 's vision of them as characters in a book , it is actually a charming little thing to read . It may be literature and it may be mysticism but philosophy it ai n't .
 I have just read this wonderful book for the second time , and I anticipate moving into Peter 's next , Reality . When I first read Dark Places some three years ago , I loved it then , too , but I became a bit nonplussed when I found the author 's website with its plea for financial assistance . `` Just another cult , '' figured , and too bad because he truly is a great writer and thinker and perhaps even would-be reformer.I would love to hear more of his personal story . It does sound like he was kicked around a great deal in academia , just another bankrupt institution imho . But that 's reading between the lines in Dark Places.Perhaps a great new network is forming that can protect the would-be initiate in these perilous times , the one who must travel from cult to cult -LRB- as it would be `` understood '' by the family and institutions he must leave behind -RRB- . Perhaps mysticism can one day be taught in the public schools.I always wondered why Plato , Aristotle and Athens were considered so great when it all ended so soon in such a bloodbath . I thank Peter Kingsley for showing me a much greater reality behind and beneath that picture.Reason is a wonderful facility , the mind is a fantastic playground and workshop , but something much greater is needed . We are taking ourselves apart , individually and as a society , to put ourselves together again in a much healthier way , and Peter Kingsley is another great writer showing us the necessity.At one of the `` esoteric '' schools in which I studied , reason is given as but one of `` ten qualities of mind . '' The other nine are
 Until I read this book , I thought philosophy was boring . I thought that there was no way for me to really understand the ancient Greeks . It seems like everything that I learned about them in school was dusty and tired . Their mythology was no more than a bunch of immortal clowns constantly creating scandals and dragging mortals intio their own grudges . It 's hard to find anything spiritual about tales of adultery and malice.In this book I discovered that there is a lot lost in our narrow modern understanding of this mythology . Apollo is suddenly a dynamic character . He is the father of both science and mysticism . In his hands the two blend together as though they are one . He is also the representation of eternal youth and eternal life . I came away with a spiritual understanding and a much greater respect for the fore fathers of our medical practice and our society.You need this book .
 I 'd give this book 5 stars for content , especially if , like me , you are interested in PreSoratic philosophy and in this era when mysticism and philosophy were joined at the hip - a far healthier situation than the secular schizophrenic `` Exluded Middle '' . However on writing style , I 'd have to go with 2 and a half stars as Kingsley grinds his axe on every page and is often over anxious to turn the account into a thriller . If it was n't for the fact that he was an Honorary Professor , one might believe this work is nothing more than an attempt to pander to conspiracy theorist audiences . But he is obviously highly passionate about the topic and his credentials secure the knowledgable research that the book is based on .
 Great collection of specific and generic rubrics . Handy manual for novices or veteran teachers .
 Excellent book for staff development within the Foreign Language department . Includes tools for evaluating both student and instructor performance with guidance on how to improve those scores .
 As techers we should learn more by reading now a days and this is a good book that helps you and gives you ideas about how to elaborate your rubrics .
 This was written late 1800 's but gives got a good overview of early Ireland.He has an interesting writing style that makes it easy to follow and absorb.My interest in obtaining these books was having spent some time in Ireland in 2009 , and desired to know more.Definitely gives overall history of relevant landmarks and localities . The establishment of historical families that predominate Irish history.The author has an interesting history since having left Ireland himself .
 I was introduced to this most comprehennsive reference as a student in a local college . Ihave used it since to train surgical transcriptionists with excellentresults . I can developa competent secretary in 6 weeks using this book . Nothing onthe market rivals it ! BARRY MANN NY , NY
 This is a very good reference , but needs to be more current . As a medical transcriptionist , I find the most useful feature to be the clear , detailed anatomic diagrams and word lists that are included in each surgical area -LRB- general , ortho , oto , etc. -RRB- The general overview of each surgical type is also helpful . However , the surgical techniques , drugs lists , and equipment lists are very outdated . Still , I use this book in my work on an almost-daily basis .
 THIS REFERENCE OF OVER 1000 PAGES IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER USED TO TRANSCRIBE SURGICAL REPORTS .
 A must have for any transcriptionist . Item was in great shape and was shipped promptly by the seller .
 THIS REFERENCE BOOK IS ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE EVER USED IN MY DAILY WORK AS A MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTIONIST . I FIND IT VERY USEFUL EACH DAY .
 I 'm an MT with 20 + years of experience and own most of the Stedman books , which are quite helpful . However , when I can not find a term in Stedman 's , this is the reference I reach for . I can not tell you how many times this little gem has saved me from lengthy searches for a term . Grab yourself a copy , you wo n't regret it .
 But sometimes it seems that way and for New York lawyer Ron Sinzheimer , on October 9 , 1998 , it was beyond dangerous , it was deadly . There are n't any more General Aviation accidents here than other parts of the country and there 's nothing particularly stunning about this one so there 's little reason to remember it . A man and the family dog in a single engine Grumman Traveler flying into the Cape to link up with his wife and son at their vacation home . Because I remember this accident , live nearby in Brewster , and it speaks to something of keen interest to me , my perception of the book may be quite colored and thus this `` five-star '' review . Nevertheless Phaedra Hise has written a compelling story that will be of interest to a much broader audience than GA pilots and people who live on the Cape.The challenges associated with flying to and from the Cape are all to do with weather , specifically fog and haze . That means `` instrument flight rules '' and talking about flying as different from `` visual flight rules '' as night is from day . Besides the personal tragedy to the Sinzheimer family , the thrust of Hise 's book is that once a pilot has lost visual reference to the horizon things very quickly begin to unwind . It takes a sharp pilot to sort out the conflict between what his senses say - `` i 'm turning '' - and what the instruments read - wings are level . PILOT ERROR is too innocuous a description for the multitude of things -LRB- mostly bad -RRB- that are taking place in such situations . Sometimes the various instruments seem to be contradicting each other and you must fight the panic that comes when your mind screams that it needs a visual reference in order to understand.Hise could have used a famous case that everyone would have remembered in order to get across her message that instrument flight rules are a critical skill for any GA pilot . The struggle with understanding what his instruments were telling him was the same for John F Kennedy Jr when he was flying through haze on the way to Martha 's Vineyard in 1999 . Using his flight would have meant focusing on him rather than where the real story is - five small instrument dials , that GA pilots must be absolutely familiar with - lest we become an accident statistic or the subject of a powerfully descriptive and very well written book .
 In Pilot Error , Phaedra Hise masterfully recreates on the page the lone-pilot crash of Ron Sinzheimer , en route to Cape Cod from Albany on a cloud-bound Friday night . A pilot herself and a deft writer , Hise spins a taught story of the bad weather , bad luck , hubris and random events that ensnared the star lawyer in his tragic flight . At the same time she informs readers on the roles of the many professionals who make America 's air traffic as remarkably safe as it is . Hise has created a moving and enlightening vignette that avoids melodrama even in the gut-wrenching scenes where Sinzheimer 's wife , Marsha , slowly comes to grips with the fact that her husband is not coming home . The book ultimately makes his fate more than just another forgotten human tragedy . Hise should be commended . At the same time , Pilot Error is a read you put down only when you need to take a deep breath and whisper to yourself , `` There but for the grace of God ... '' After reading this book , those of us who ride behind the cockpit will never take our crew or air traffic controllers for granted again .
 Pretty good book . The author really did a lot of research with the people who were personally involved with the accident . She also did a good job by not writing the book as a lengthend NTSB report but rather the whole process the FAA , Coast Guard , and NTSB have in place to react to a downed airplane . She gave a lot of background information also and sometimes even too much . I really did n't get why she would write about the Mayflower or the history of the Coast Guard but it was her book to write , not mine .
 This book is about the effects of television on children and families.The use of television starts innocently enough.Too often TV is used as a child minder so that parents can get some peace and quiet
 I was most struck with the information about what happens to us physically when we watch television . The very act of watching itself , without reference to content , changes the way our brains operate . I recommend this to all teachers , parents , and broadcast journalists .
 For a long time I have been discouraged in my efforts to establish two-way communication with children . I would bring books , toys , and games to social functions and share them with children . Once one activity was over , the children would stare at me , waiting for me to start another activity . Why wo n't they provide any input of their own ? Am I overpowering them without realizing it?This book explained everything
 Read 4 Arguments ... Jerry Mander Then this book ! If you are looking for `` ways '' to get rid of the TV , or `` ways '' to occupy your families -LRB- or your -RRB- time away from the TV . This is not the book . This is the book if you would like statistics , and startling information about TV in the lives of people . Although the TV refrences are quite early 80 's ALL of the information is very useful , persuasive , and passionate.Dont believe the hype up there ! It is relevant to this day in age , take yourself to account , before the TV takes you ! Buy this book and dont burry it into the shelves , pass it on the neighbors , your childrens teachers , family and friends ! this book is for EVERYONE !
 Excellent . A must read for parents of kids of all ages.It is really well written and should make a responsible parent a believer . Kill the TV before it kills your kids brains or at least be very selective as to what they watch .
 If I ever suspected that television was an incidious pest -LRB- especially to children -RRB- , this book confirms it ! Reading it as an adult , I 've recognized myself in much of what Ms. Winn has to say about the effects of television on the developing mind . This book has changed my life , and it will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- change yours !
 This is the classic book on how television affects our children and families . Just think about how children really learn and how families should interact.Although this book was originally written closer to the dawn of television in our culture , things really have n't changed much.Ms . Winn had a great perception early on about how harmful television would be to children and their families . Check it out or better yet buy it from Amazon while you are here .
 A wonderful book , that all parents should read in order to eliminate their TVs and * live * again .
 Before I read this book , I was excited to get all of the latest movies and cartoons on DVD so my child could watch re-runs over and over . Since I 've read this book I have n't allowed my son to watch any TV at all . I must admit that it 's nearly impossible . TV is so pervasive in our everyday lives that it 's hard to avoid when you 're out in public or at someone else 's house . It 's hard to do it even at my own home -LRB- my spouse wo n't read the book and wo n't listen to the arguments -RRB- . People are addicted and are blissfully ignorant about the effects of television.I have had a great deal of difficulty convincing my friends and family that television actually does `` rot '' the brains of our children . And no one will read this book just to say that they read it but disagree . So many connections are yet to be made in a child 's developing brain and people do n't stop to ask the very basic question -- what are all of these rapid flashing images doing to the development of the brain?If you read this book and believe the arguments presented , keep it to yourself . Otherwise take notes . You 'll need the notes to defend yourself because no one is going to believe you .
 As I approached the end of the book one paragraph compelled me to do some outside research and analyze Ms. Winn 's book . The quotation that initiated these actions is : `` The poor socialization of children today has surely contributed to the exodus of mothers from the home ... But it does not seem unlikely that the increased willfulness , demandingness , and disagreeableness of undisciplined children make a life of staying home seem less appealing than the drabbest , most routine office job so many women choose in exchange.And television may be involved in the parental flight from children in yet another fashion . For in spite of the fact that parents seek to escape their children because they have brought them up to be difficult to live with . '' Page 201-202 With this paragraph , Ms. Winn makes a fascinating conclusion - women are leaving the workplace because their children are disagreeable because they watch too much TV ? As valuable as Ms. Winn 's view of society is the book would have been more believable after reading this paragraph had it cited more statistics from educational studies . Surely the government or universities or one of the numerous national foundations have funded studies on this .
 This is a great book regardless of how outlandish some of the stories it contains are . The author 's greatest strength is not in forming unique opinions about the subject but rather in bringing together a vast number of sources to show an America completely different than what we 've been lead to believe.The book just is n't about lost cities but also generally weird stuff throughout Central and North America . There is evidence of Asian contact with Central American cultures , pterodactyls in Arizona , Vikings in Oklahoma , Irish monks running all over the place , and those are the more believable stories . Atlantis or a gold city always seems to be around the corner , Jesus may have visited the New World , a master race is controlling the world from underground , the Egyptians had a colony in the Grand Canyon , and of course the government is covering all this up.The book does have its problems . The editing is horrible . The narrative that strings the author 's travels together is wooden and painful to read . Each chapter stands by itself , but this means that some background material is repeated , often word for word . Overall these are minor issues.The book does n't provide any answers but it does make a choice perfectly clear . You can either accept the traditional view that people wandered across a land bridge in Siberia to colonize the Americas and stayed relatively isolated and unadvanced until Europeans showed up in 1492 and wiped them out . Or you can read this book and see if there is evidence out there that suggests otherwise .
 This was the first Childress book that I had ever read . It was very informative as to what is actually found in North and Central America . Being somewhat of a history and achaeology buff , my eyes were opened wide as to what can be found in our own backyards . The fact that the author includes his own everyday experiences while travelling makes the book more pleasant . I would reccomend this book to anyone thinking of driving across North America .
 David H. Childress 's Lost City series has been one of the most interesting collection of books I have read in a long time , however , I really do n't know how accurate many of his theories are . Even many minor statements he makes , such as `` Native Americans can not grow facial hair '' are fallacies , I know an abundance of Native Americans , and they 're facial hair rivals that of Che and Fidel . So when a guy gets facts as simple as these garbled , how much credibility can he possibly have when he starts rambling on about `` Smithsoniangate '' , and `` living dinosaurs '' . I find these possibilites as intriuguing as the next guy , but exactly where is his proof . He cites some archival information from an Arizona newspaper as proof that in the Grand Canyon in the early 1900 's researchers found a cave full of Egyptian Hieroglyphics and Egyptian artifacts , and the Smithsonian museum came in and barricaded the area to this day -LRB- sort of like Raiders of the Lost Ark -RRB- . And he uses oral history as proof that there are living Pteradactyls in the forests of Arizona . Perhaps Childress is correct in these assertions , and the US gov ' t is suppressing evidence of his relatively outlandish claims , then again , perhaps he 's just trying to exploit the gullibility of the American public . But judging from his appearances on various talk shows , my guess is that he honestly believes that the gov ' t is suppressing information on the esoteric subjects he discusses in his books , of course this does n't neccessarily mean that he 's correct in these claims . I suppose that Childress 's writings are extremely interesting , whether they are complete fabrications or are truisms . Reading this book certainly wo n't make you a better person , but it will force you to question what the author is claiming -LRB- that the US gov ' t is involved in clandestine activities of a paranormal nature , and that there are living prehistoric creatures -RRB- , and will almost definitely force you to ponder what the US gov ' t plans to accomplish by suppressing ancient history -LRB- from my perspective they recieve no incentive by suppressing info that would link the Egyptians with North America -RRB- . If you have a relatively large amount of time on your hands , I would definitely recommend this book , it makes you question the `` accepted '' history of the North American continent , but it also frustrates the reader with the lack of viable evidence to support his outrageous suggestions .
 The book makes a great read , same as DHC 's other books of the `` Lost Cities '' series . Very entertaining , thought provoking , and well written . One thing though
 This book is very interesting and thought provoking . I enjoyed reading it.Rather than a book that explains what places you can visit , how to get there and what to see when you go - this is more of a journal of the authors travels . In here he tells you what he sees , what he thinks and the things he learns.The author covers a wide range of thoughts from pteradactyles still living to Asians visiting Mexico to Romans in Arizona.I rated this a four instead of a five for two reasons . At times the writing seems stiff and it makes it hard to wade through some sections of this book . Also , the proofreading leads a lot to be desired . Words are left out , typos and spelling errors are plenty . Enough to be a distraction at times.Otherwise , it 's an interesting book and well worth reading.Enjoy .
 Having not only read the book but also having checked out a number of acknowledged sites within the continental United States , I most happily recommend this bokk to anyone interested in the field of archaeology . It is refreshing to note that the author is not taken in by every story that he hears but neither does he pass them off without some form of `` seasoned '' comment . Even though it is filled with personal comments and banter , it must be remembered that this is a `` traveling narrative '' and a good one at that . As I said previously , I have personally visited a number of the sites in this book and have found the author 's discriptions to be exact and his references to be valid . If you are ever in Cuba , N.M. stop by and see Bill Fortini , area archaeologist for the Gallina area of the Santa Fe National Forest and ask him to show you the `` towers '' mentioned on pages 366-369 of the book . They really are there !
 Childress opened my eyes to a new world of suppressed/lost discoveries in archeology . Given some of the examples in the book , current dogma deserves as much scrutiny as the `` underdog '' theories of ancient civilizations . However , Childress gets personal in his travel dialogue and some of the ancient civilization subjects are just briefly mentioned . But overall , it was very interesting .
 This book did give the reader some very interesting facts and folk lore about archaeological discoveries that could prove the existence of superior `` giant '' races in the Americas . The only thing I did not like about the book -LRB- except for the grammatical errors -RRB- , was that the author would mention some dramatic event -LRB- such as the discovery of giants ' bones in a mound -RRB- and leave the reader hanging after a couple of paragraphs about the find . This book could have easily been an entire set of volumes , should everything have been explained in detail . Overall , it was a very interesting book leaving the reader wanting to know more about certain discoveries and theories within the book .
 I thought I was a student of the esoteric but David Hatcher Childress makes me realize I am still only an alcolyte . History is a mystery and you can believe it because I told you so , just like your highschool history professor . This book will take you on the grand tour of North America and reveal some of the mystery that historians attempt to hide from us in their ivory towers . If you want to expand your mind without taking a lot of mind altering drugs try reading Mr. Chilress ' Lost City books . He must have spent a lot of time in the underground book stores prior to his travels . That might be why he decided to hit the road in the first place , to find out for himself . Could America once have been a land of giants , or do pterydactyls still carry off unsuspecting travelers , or are there hidden books with knowledge from the ancients ? Maybe , and maybe after reading this book , you will want to take a road trip and find out for yourself.Speak , Hear , and Believe
 There are two ways to read Childress . If you want to live in a button-down , straight laced world of academic archeologists , then every time Childress asks a question , just answer -LRB- to yourself -RRB- No ! Then go about with your boring life.But if you want to live a little wild , to peel back the layers & pierce the veil , then answer -LRB- again , to yourself -RRB- Yes ! to every one of his questions . Should you do that , you will have a gay old time figuring out how the world all fits together!Honestly , DHC 's speculations are full of BS , but it sure is fun suspending your disbelief & reading these books . Someone mentioned that DHC really seems like a great guy , and you get that sense reading this book . Sounds like he would be a really cool guy to travel & chat with . His travel writing is straighforward , but exciting.Unfortunately , the book is full of typos & poorly done photographs . After reading 5 + of the Lost Cities series , I do n't even notice anymore , but it will bug some beginners .
 I enjoy Childress ' books mainly because he comes across as very honest , although he engages in too much speculation to be taken at face value . Overall I find his books a very engaging read , and the speculative aspect , though often unscientific , is very entertaining . Moreover , the amazing amount of study and travel he has done brings a certain amount of credibility to his work .
 Reading through I noticed many editing errors , but they do not take away from the integrity or readableness of this book . A wonderful piece of literature and should be read by children in school . Would be a lot better than the works they are reading now . Might actually get them to think instead of just accepting what is already printed as truth .
 This was a very thought provoking book . The author himself has , been too many of the places described in the book , which adds a sincere element of realism to the story . This book is a `` must read '' if you are interested in ancient ruins and pyramids , but it is one book you will need to exercise a little personal judgment . The author is lacking in credibility and does n't spend a great deal of time on details . This book could have easily been cut up into four separate books and the author could have spent a little more time researching the various regions discussed.I also found it very frustrating that the author did n't appear to make a better effort to explore some of the more mysterious areas talked about in the book . Portions of the Grand Canyon are supposedly restricted and contain mysterious magnetic fields that cause compasses to be offset . I am surprised that there has n't been more attempts to access this area and that the government has not allowed research in this area . When researching the underwater ruins in the Great Lake , the author could n't hold his breath very long so he had to surface . Given the importance of this research , another dive might have been nice to read about.I was convinced after reading this book that there have been many attempts over the years to discredit and hide evidence that is contradictory to the theory of Creation and Evolution . The author noted some 900 tablets that were supposedly discovered in a Mexican temple , but can not be found.The pyramids in the U.S. are interesting as well , but I have since learned that the majority of the pyramids in the U.S. were made by ancient Indian cultures . The credit for these pyramids has been explored -LRB- although the author fails to mention this , -RRB- but it appears to be prejudice that has not allowed the Indians to receive the credit for their structures . It appears that the ancient Indians were much more advanced than the Indians that have existed in the last 300 years , which is also shown in their art prior to the discovery of maze . Like our own culture , the Indians suffered from over abundance , which led to the breakdown of their interdependent family units and their art . The evidence for this can be seen in the tooth decay , which occurred almost simultaneously with the loss of detailed artifacts buried in the pyramids.I also have to mention that the literary quality of this book is weak . The author could have spent a little more time editing . There were plenty of missing words and typos , which did n't help the credibility of the book . Otherwise , this book is well worth reading and is a good break from the more serious books out there . There is plenty of drama and lots of loose theories . If Indiana Jones were to write a book , it would probably read a lot like this book ... Enjoy .
 The Lost Cities series by David Hatcher Childress has proven for me to be probably the most entertaining , thoroughly informative , and thought provoking series of books I have ever read and have also served as an invaluable road map for my own travels around the world in search of ancient mysteries . I have traveled , so far , to several locations in Egypt , Malta , Europe , Asia , Central and South America and each time I have used his books to plan my route and have taken whichever one I needed for the journey as a guide . I bought the whole series long ago and they are generally beat to hell if not falling apart at this point and I would n't have them any other way . Reading this series made me make up my mind that I could never be satisfied being a spectator of the debate , but the only way to truly know these mysteries was to be a participant and see them for myself . At the very least this series should inspire you to get out there , live your life as a traveler and not a tourist and go see these places for yourself . Save the money , do it cheap , whatever you have to do , but do n't let the opportunity to actually go there pass you by in this life.Equal parts detective story , travel guide , diary , history book , and compendium of esoteric knowledge ; what makes these books so unique , among other things , is that Childress takes the reader with him through every step of the journey - cold beers , missed trains , broken legs , chance encounters , stolen wallets , one night stands in far away places , wishing you could stay but knowing you ca n't . All the while on the trail of an ever growing mystery with every answer leaving only more questions spurring you on to the next stop wondering what will happen next . One thing I always respected about Childress in these books , which some may not get the point , is that while at times he does present off-beat esoteric ideas about lost civilizations , it is done so not to promote any particular idea , but rather to give a greater context of the history of the literature of the last few hundred years concerning lost civilizations in the hope that something worthwhile might be gleaned from even the most outlandish or dated of source . To him it is a journey and to his credit does little to leave any stone unturned . But also unique to Childress compared with other writers of the genre is that other than the obvious general idea that there is much more to the story of history than we know , he rarely takes a definitive stance on any pet theory , but rather presents the information with more of a sense of wonder and openness and is really not trying to sell the reader on anything either way other than the necessity to keep an open mind . All just interesting to know and he leaves the reader to think of it what they will which is refreshing.All and all very interesting and entertaining and I highly recommend getting the whole series . The Lost Cities series are true classics of the genre and should be a front and center addition to any alternative researchers library and as a whole are an unparalleled source of of information about many megalithic sites and discoveries you will be hard pressed to find anywhere else . Hopefully they will inspire you as they did me .
 I enjoyed this book very much.I thought he did a great job of including the known facts along with the legends and hearsay . It is refreshing to hear the `` other side of the debate '' concerning the continent 's archeology by some one who 's enthusiam for the subject prevades the book and succeeded in infecting me with a desire to see these sites for myself.It was a bit long winded in trivia at times but that was easy to skim through.Beware those afflicted by the prevailing myopic dogma , this book will only irritate you and raise your ire .
 This book is amazing ! I ordered this book from barns and Nobel on line then 2 days later they sent an e-mail telling me it did not go through . So A friend told me to go to amazon ! I will only go to amazon now it was so simple a Kid could do it ! I LOVE AMAZON !
 I loved the book . From the places I have been and the books I have read , this book hits the mark . We need more like it.Good Job !
 If a pagan and primitive band of Asians wandered over 3,000 miles atop 2 mile thick icesheets -LRB- and brought enough food for the journey -RRB- , settled all of the Americas , and then remained primitive and pagan until Conquistadors and Missionaries of the Church of the Inquisition arrived to set them straight , they hardly could have built the enigmatic -LRB- and often mathematically sophisticated -RRB- monuments that David Childress has encountered throughout the Americas . For one that Childress missed -- and for an important link to ancient navigational cultures -- see Atlantis in America .
 I received this book as a birthday present last month from a friend who has read a number of Childress 's books . As we share an interest in anthropology and have visited some of the sites in New Mexico mentioned in this book , she thought I would enjoy it . And I did ! This book is part travelogue , part archaeology text , and part collection of legends , folktales , and any odd theories he comes across . The mix makes for interesting reading . Childress is intelligent and well-informed but quirky as well . His observations on people he meets and life in the places he visits are at times insightful , funny , and strange.The only warning I 'd give is that the books published by Adventures Unlimited tend to be poorly edited so do n't be surprised to find some spelling and grammar errors present . Still , these errors did n't detract from my enjoyment of `` Lost Cities of North and Central America . `` This is n't a serious academic text , but it 's quite informative , an excellent read , and lots of fun !
 Childress opened my eyes to a new world of suppressed/lost discoveries in archeology . Given some of the examples in the book , current dogma deserves as much scrutiny as the `` underdog '' theories of ancient civilizations . However , Childress gets personal in his travel dialogue and some of the ancient civilization subjects are just briefly mentioned . But overall , it was very interesting .
 I was amazed by this book
 I did n't know what to expect from adventurer Childress . Some of his books range from merely odd to the bizarre . Lost Cities , however , was a compendium of lost worlds in North America . He attempts to novelize his book a bit through relating is travels , generally I skimmed these parts . He 's not really out there doing any real research , in fact he 's mostly recounting or quoting what others have written elsewhere and puts it together for one book . Many of his books are like this , so if you want books that distill whole topics into one volume , Childress is your man . And there 's a lot of interesting material here from lost cities in the Grand Canyon to mysterious `` dinosaur '' birds.Perhaps the weakness of the book is that he does n't examine these finds very deeply , but I do n't think he intends to verify or disapprove , but to collect and report . And sometimes he will show some lack of research . For example , once in awhile I 'd catch some ridcoulous comment , like p. 355 where he implies the Church plunged Europe into the Dark Ages . Maybe it was n't meant that way , in any case , many historians are now discarding the idea of `` Dark Ages . '' After all , the renaissance did n't pop out of no where . SeeThe Victory of Reason
 I could not put the book down , until I had consumed over half the material . It make for a great read and a must for the curious traveler . This book will really make you reconsider some of the things you were taught in school .
 Jack Kerouac was considered something of a revolutionary of his time , though whether or not he fits that bill in each person 's mind is entirely a personal decision tied closely to their belief system and the flexibility of their description of the term.Reading Dharma Bums can be something of an inspirational journey for any free-spirited souls who enjoy dreaming of climbing a mountain or just cutting loose and doing whatever their degenerative mind feels like doing at that moment.With characters who drink tea and openly share their intimacies with one another , whose dark as well as hopeful and intellectual sides , not to mention immature and once naive sides being depicted quite visually to the reader , there is reason to be impressed with Mr. Kerouac 's work.I would recommend this book to anyone with an open mind and an appreciation for fresh experiences , as well as an ability to discern the difference between enjoying a uniquely written piece of literature from the choosing of one 's own moral behaviors in daily life.Perhaps it is not a book for developing minor minds , but it ought to be enjoyable for the well-read adult .
 One of the most often used metaphors for inner growth is the travel journal and I 'm sure Kerouac would have enjoyed Gurdjieff 's somewhat autobiograhical travel novel `` Meetings with Remarkable Men . '' Has this generation -LRB- 2007 -RRB- not yet found it 's Dharma Bums ? Maybe the line between literature and music is blurring -LRB- thanks to Dylan , Bob that is -RRB- . Where is the excitement of adventure that leaps off the pages of these books stirring an energy to do something now , to seek , to find , to discover !! I would have every 14-20 year-old in America read Dharma Bums -LRB- and Electric Kool Aid Acid Test -RRB- ... it 's up to YOU to put some adventure in YOUR LIFE ... IT 'S YOUR LIFE !
 On the peaks of the High Siera , Kerouac 's narrator , Japhy Ryder explores the inner nuances of one 's thought processes and being , away from the hustle and bustle of the Bay area 's consternative environs . Changing thinking along with the weather and seasons , Japhy attends his attention to everyone ounce of his being , becomming one and all with his environment . Achieving moments of Zen purity , Kerouac is able to pinpoint the bountiful beauty and vitality of mother nature and of one 's relation to it . A great read showing the inner exploration and sanctity with which Kerouac grounded his Bohemian lifestyle .
 Jack Kerouac is every wanderers ' fantasy author . A man who spent many years traversing the country back and forth , living virtually hand to mouth most of the time ... sleeping under the stars , practicing yoga in the woods on a winter 's night ... there is n't much in his works to not set afire the heart of a drifter.Though this novel has a lesser ` landscape ' than On The Road , Dharma Bums is every bit as much of a journey for the author . At a time when one of his close friends had influenced his interest in Buddhism , Kerouac criss-crosses the country again , home for the holidays , and then back to California . While home , he wanders to the woods time and again , to center himself with nature and his surroundings , and stays on through the cold months.Eventually , the thought of his friends and free-wheeling existence in California draw him back , where he finds some changes to the people he left there , but ever the chameleon , Ray Smith -LRB- Kerouac -RRB- assimilates himself back into the hive of Beats he holds dear.Kerouac 's writings especially appeal to the ` adventurer boy ' I left behind when adulthood called . Though some might call Kerouac 's existence rootless and irresponsible ... there is something magnetic -LRB- to me -RRB- about the way he lived , at least how it is detailed in his body of autobiographical literature . And though I know his own personal demons are only partially displayed in his books ... I still want to be Jack Kerouac when I grow up.Dharma Bums is highly recommended as either an introduction or a continuation of reading this exceptional author .
 I had been told for months on end by a Lit professor that I should pick up `` On the Road '' . From what I had heard , however , it was not something that I needed to tackle without having first read something else -LRB- and less dense -RRB- by Kerouac . So , on a whim , I bought `` The Dharma Bums '' at a local bookstore just before I went home for one weekend.As luck would have it , my car broke down at an out-of-the-way gas station , so I had some time to kill while I was waiting on a ride . I began to read ... and read ... and read . What I found was pure Beat genius , a zest for life , and an inward desire in myself to say `` Screw it , '' and hike the Smokies . Kerouac , with his brilliantly crafted observations , dialogue , and imagery , brings us into a universe of windy freedom and presents the world as an answer to the problems that it itself causes.If there are any problems with this novel , I 'm certain that some people will get bored with some of the beautifully written , yet tedious , description and imagery . In spite of that , I recommend this book to anyone who needs a break from there mundane nine-to-fives . Read it.Maybe I 'll get on with `` On the Road , '' now .
 This is one of the best books possibly ever written . Kerouac was a god of the written word.Anyone who enjoys a great story with a dash of Zen , a pinch of mountain climbing and a cupful of joyful fun needs ... no , has to read this .
 this is drunkenly beatific jack kerouac at his maddest , a breathless chronicle of the rise of zen and its influence on the groundbreaking beats . from his earlier books , kerouac 's mind has always focused on similar aspects of this odd life as zen does , namely the ` just-so ' and just because of his life -LRB- if i get drunked then i get drunked , lets say no more about it -RRB- . this book is of significance to anyone who wants to hear of a man who understood buddha nature in all its mind bending nakedness . jack was on it . please read it , you 'll probably cry , failing that , it will kick start you on your journey towards a bright eyed enlightenment , making young girls happy , and old girls happier . sit down , and bless yourself ...
 I loved every inch of this book . Like `` On The Road '' it beautifully captures a time that was different , a time that was safer but also beginning to crumble at the foundations . The book tells the journey of young Ray Smith , an ambitious man on the road . It also highlights `` Dharma Bum '' Japhy Ryder , a sort of hero in the eyes of the narrator , a true icon . Kerouac was an amazing and simple writer and he will forever be remembered for his wonderful stories , many of which hit uncomfortably close to home ...
 This was the first book I have ever read on Kerouac , I got so interested In is writing that Im now on a second . To me , Jack felt constrained by the frailty of the human body and its overall worthlessness in the whole scheme of things . This book tells his story about a chance meeting with a Zen buddhist called Japhy Ryder who Kerouac respected deeply , he talks of his travels on freight trains along the coast and trips hiking up mountains , in essence he thought too much and the more he thought the more constrained he felt.His best line in the book was `` I spent a whole year being celibate in the belief that lust was the direct cause of birth which was the direct source of suffering and pain `` Its a good book , hard to understand in parts if your not American but it was interesting and witty .
 I do n't usually appreciate rambling , hundred-word sentences , but somehow that works in Dharma Bums . The free-wheeling sentence structure is dense with description of the land Ray Smith traverses , parties , wine-drinking , poetry-reciting sessions , and how all that ties in with his particular brand of Buddhism . I was never sure where they were going to go next . The payoff for me was near the end , where he heads up to Washington state , ultimately arriving at his fire lookout on remote Desolation Peak in the North Cascades . That 's not far from my house , and though much has changed since the '50s , a lot of his description of the trip from Seattle up to the mountain still rings true today . So that 's my favorite part of the book , but the whole thing was enjoyable for me . Just do n't look for a plot to drive this thing .
 This book was great !!! Being that I am from Washington state , this book was a real easy read , not only that , the descriptions of the pacific northwest were well written . After I finished this book , I proceeded to take a trip up to Mt. Rainier and spent three days hiking , camping and just enjoying all that this nature and the world has to offer . Do yourself a favor , if you feel bogged down by the stresses of modern fast paced life ... pick up this book and just get away for a while .
 I think that The Dharma Bums is probably Kerouac 's best novel . It has all the exitement and electricity of On the Road , plus a lot of Buddhist instrospection and meditation . This is Kerouac at his best . He had mastered his craft , and had yet to slip into alcoholism and self destruction . In fact Kerouac does have a sweetness and innocence and a love of life , of nature , of dharma ; and it makes me sad to think of what became of him later . One might get the wrong idea about Buddhism . Kerouac and his buddies spend a lot of time drinking wine and smoking tea which really does n't go very well with Buddhist practice . But they were truly pioneers as there were very few Buddhist teachers and no Buddhist practice centers in the US . They either had to invent their own form of Buddhism -LRB- as Kerouac did -RRB- or go to Asia . One thing this book has in common with On the Road is that it does involve a lot of travel . He journeys northward from southern California to San Francisco in a boxcar . Then travels across country to stay with his sister in North Carolina where he meditates and prays in the woods . And the book closes with a journey north to Washington state instead of south the Mexico as On The Road does . Instead of Neal Cassady we have Gary Snyder as Kerouac 's friend . Finally , after a series of adventures in the bay area and on a back packing trip with a character whom I believe is based on Kerouac 's friend Philip Whalen , Snyder departs for a zen monestary in Japan -LRB- he would n't return from Asia until the mid sixties and the two friends never saw each other again -RRB- . Its a bit ironic that Allen Ginsburg -LRB- Goldberg in the novel -RRB- was initially skeptical of the Buddhist teachings but later became more devoted to it than Kerouac , becoming a diciple of the Tibetan teacher Chogyam Trungpa . Whalen became a zen priest and lived for years at the San Francisco Zen Center . But this was Kerouac at his peak . His most blissful and holy . His golden dream of life in the Buddhalands .
 I had to read this book for a political theory class in college , and it is really a great book for mostly anyone . If you 're looking for a serious plot or storyline , you wont find it in this book . What you will find , is a well written narrative of a period of American history that is forgotten to many . Its a book that will leave a peacefull feeling with you , and will also make you think about whats really important in life . Kerouac makes you want to pack up and see the country . I read On the Road after this , and actually liked The Dharma Bums better . If you like travel , nature , poetry , or American history , this book is a must read .
 The joy and sadness of life is just that . After reading the Dharma Bums I decided I would go hiking and meditate alone for the millineum . Anyone who has ever pondered life , religion , lonliness or love would understand Jack 's struggles . He lays out his feelings on all these subjects with the brutal honesty that only our hero can . The sadness is that he tried to replace his zealous nature with Zen , but his wanderings had just begun . Great therapy for the Budding Buddhist or the Born-again Beat .
 In `` The Dharma Bums '' , Kerouac has written another great book about the search for truth and meaning throughout the American countryside . The story is narrated by Ray Smith and is effectively Kerouac telling his own story . Smith and his friend Japhy are wanderers -LRB- or bums -RRB- in search of the True Meaning or Dharma . The trip covers one year of travels in the life of Smith . His frantic narrative style seems to be fueled by his frequent poorboys of cheap red wine as well as his sheer excitement to be in pursuit of the truth . The story starts in Berkeley , California and visits the Californian desert , Mexico , North Carolina , Seattle and finally ends at Desolation peak in the North Cascades of Washington state . All of these places are reached by hopping on trains , hitchhiking or shelling out a few cents for a bus ride . Interspersed within the descriptions of travel and characters are Zen musings such as `` It 's all different appearances of the same thing '' as well as meditation on different ideals and places . Kerouac never lets the story slow down and regardless of how accurate the Buddhist ideals are , the rambling , jangly story is quite a ride .
 In no other novel does an author so well depict the emotional charge while hiking . Kerouac hits the nail on the head
 I 've heard it said that this is Kerouac 's greatest novel . I still say that honor is held by On the Road , but this book is just as good . And it is his most spiritual novel . Kerouac combines his talent at writing with his philosophy of life and what you have is a powerful tool to enlightenment . This book should be read on at least two levels , as a work of great literature and as a theological tool . I ca n't recommend it enough .
 In The Dharma Bums , Jack Kerouac continues his enthralling series of autobiographical fictions that he referred to as the Legend of Duluoz . His altar egos have several different names , such as Sal Paradise -LRB- On the Road -RRB- , and in this novel , Ray Smith . Through Ray Smith , Kerouac tells of a chapter in his life that , even more than On The Road , displays his passion for living and idealistic approach to life , as well as to Buddhism . Ray Smith is not a hardcore Zen Buddhist , but an optimist who embraces the very best of Zen Buddhism , as well as Tibetan Buddhism and even Christianity . The novel does not consist of plot , but rather a series of entertaining vignettes and scraps of story that form a beautiful mosaic by novel 's end . With sometimes raw , sometimes stunningly beautiful language , Kerouac transports the reader to the peak of the Matterhorn , across the country from California to North Carolina on a hitchhiking odyssey , to the beat poetry scene in San Francisco , to the ultimate destination , Desolation Peak , where Ray Smith truly finds himself . Within the novel is a cornucopia of interesting , colorful characters that do not leave the memory easily . The Dharma Bums is a book not to be read , but to be inhaled , drunk , savored and treasured .
 Jack brilliantly follows his heart and captures the attention of his reader . In Dharma Bums , his wanderings to Desolation Peak invite us all to share in his spirit of freedom and joyous revolt . This book , along with others , has a special place within me . Dharma Bums takes me away from myself . Jack was one cool cat .
 Dharma Bums represents Jack Kerouac 's best work -LRB- better even than On The Road -RRB- . For anybody who has ever wondered what it 's like to be truly on the outside , this is the book . I 've read it four times , named my snake after Jaffy , and will alway recomend it to whomeever needs a good read
 One can talk about the importance of On the Road to the American mythos , of the deep , struggling pain and depression of Big Sur , or of the rambling cant of San Francisco Blues ; but , simply put , this Jack 's most beautiful , elegant , eloquent novel . The book that 's the closest to his poet 's soul . Read all his other works first and then compare -- you 'll see what I mean .
 Dharma Bums is Jack Kerouac at his height of spirituality and utter happiness . This book , with a plot more enticing than On the Road but no less heartfelt , encourages readers to expand their own views of self and the universe while enjoying Kerouac 's own interpretations of life and his coming Buddahood .
 As a Californian , frequenter of the Sierra Nevadas , as well as a college student who obsesses over fine American Literature , I found this work to be perhaps the most well written piece of beat fiction i 've read . Contrary to popular belief , I feel this is a much more mature and insightful piece than `` On the Road '' -LRB- not to take anything from the brilliance of Kerouac 's breakthrough work -RRB- and should be held in reverence by literature and philosophy enthusiasts across the globe . Japhy Ryder 's Buddha representation , as well as Kerouac 's struggle to incorporate his new discovery of traditional buddhism with his original Catholic upbringing are representative of the Western Frontier of Eastern Thought , which is becoming more popular even today , thanks to the likes of Jack Kerouac . Bravo !
 This was a truly astounding book . I have read `` On the Road , '' and consider this to be the better one . Its beautiful , almost mythical descriptions of the California mountains gave me vivid pictures I will never forget , and the Buddhist philosophies Kerouac talks about really opened my eyes . This is a profound book that I consider one of the top five I have ever read . It 's characters are intriguing , the journey is freedom itself , and it hits you in your soul .
 Perspective 's of america , the west and a spiritual journey of sorts . Personal favorites of the story are the descriptions of Jack and his friend as they dance down a rock field and the advice of/don ' t worry if you fall , we are going down and you will still get where your ' e going/let the waters flow and enjoy a beautiful tale with subtle catholic buddhist leanings.aza38
 Kerouac , while not a writer of of any profound depth , must be considered nevertheless a treasure in the annals of American letters . His novels provide a brilliant witness-lens of manifold perspective . The freshness of his expression , the early sallies into nascent american buddhism , and his disilllusioned , bemused and cynical observance of the turmoil and rebellion of midcentury culture are immutable and altogether without peer . Anyone interested in counterculture or our culture in general is recommended to this finest of Kerouac 's titles .
 The sense of nature Kerouac captured in this book is an important message in this work-shop-consume world . And he conveys so much appetite for life ! I especially enjoyed the Gary Snyder character
 To avoid the modern cliche of idolizing Kerouac and other writers and musicians , many whose lives are primarily concerned with the abuse of alchohol and drugs , Kerouac is truly and literary genius , and `` The Dharma Bums '' exemplifies this . Kerouac was all the things that were rebellious before rebellion became a dormant term , as it is today . Kerouac and `` Japhy Rider '' take you on a hike into the mountains that could inspire any soul to leave their materialsitic belongings behind for the life of a `` Dharma Bum . & quot
 Great follow up to `` On The Road . '' Changes your perspective on ideas that you never thought would change . Nature and travel will call you to the road after reading about the intense descriptions and facinating charactors . Highly recommended as well as `` On The Road . ''
 This is the 2nd Kerouac book i 've read -LRB- the first was `` Maggie Cassidy '' -RRB- - and i found it enlightening and entertaining.It tells the story of a few young men and their lifestyle - that of a Dharma bum . The have very few possessions which they kepe is small shacks or in backpacks , and spend their time discovering nature and the dharma in this world.Kerouac 's writing style varies - in certain parts it seems like pure fiction -LRB- describes parties , characters ' interactions with family , etc. -RRB- , at some points it seems very philisophical -LRB- i learned a bunch about Buddhism -RRB- , and at some points it is just very descriptive -LRB- i live in NYC , and it made me miss nature . -RRB- There were a few parts that were `` wordy , '' but overall this book reads quickly and is very enjoyable .
 A man who named and best described a generation of which he was a key member , this is another high point in his outstanding literary career . Written during the hieght of his loyalty and love for buddha , it set in the years directly before his masterpiece was published . A great book lacking a little substance , tales of drinking and yabyum in berkley with his new hero Japhy Ryder .
 Pretend that you 've ever heard of Jack Kerouac . Forget you 've ever heard the words `` Beat Generation . '' Set down your ideas of what life should be like . Read this book . It will make you want to sell all your worldly possessions in a mammoth yard sale and take off to find It .
 Dharma Bums is a beautiful story , though there 's no real plot to speak of -- no damsel in distress , no hero facing adversity , no complicated twists ... it 's just about life.The reader follows the typical Kerouac rucksacker as he floats along in his mid-twenties -- hiking the mountains of the west coast , thumbing his way across the country and swapping spiritual observations with Zen enthusiast and companion Japhy Ryder.This book is a treasure , reminding the reader of the subtle beauties in nature , conversation , travel and friendship . It 's a perfect fit for any fan of life .
 Although this is n't the greatest book written by Kerouac , it is easily my favorite he has written . There are many weak moments and contradictions by the characters -LRB- Kerouac -RRB- but the passion in the pages is hard to deny . He really means everything he writes and believes he is trying to become a better person . All told , it is a fun , romantic trip ; this is something that is lacking in today 's cynicism .
 This is timeless and inspiring . i buy it for many people who think Kerouac is just &#34; On the Road &#34; .
 I would recommend this book to all my friends jack kerouac 's descriptive in depth descriptions of living on the road are as close as you can get to real adventure in the modern day . smoke rocks and gang bang
 The Dharma Bums has the Jack Kerouac style that On the road carried , but is faster paced than the authors most famous work . The themes are drastically different also , On the Road being a sensualist 's dream , and Dharma Bums being the down to earth maturity that came from years of living on the road . Nature is a key factor in the book , its no Walden but the way Kerouac intertwines nature , Buddhism and the American dream is a very entertaining read . I would recommend this book over On the Road simply because it is shorter and blends a variety of things that are uncommonly seen together . The only difficulty was having to look up a few terms in regard to the eastern religions , but even that does n't detract from the flow of the book . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who liked On the Road , and if you have n't read any Kerouac , this is a good place to start .
 This book offers the reader an escape from the traditional framework of what is belived , by society , to be the fundamentals of happiness . Jack Kerouac ` s style is unique in his composition which s infused with poetry and art . He has a distintcly unique way of putting the reader front and center in his books . In this book he takes you along the journey of a free spirit allowing you to experiece the true joys in life . He offers the reader a voyage back to the basic pleasures that seem to have been lost in the transformation to a civilized society . This book has inspired m personally to take a look at my own pupose in life and how I am occupying my existence .
 If you are of a certain age and experience , you already know about Dharma Bums.If you are of another certain age and experience , this book goes against everything taught by Saint Ronald Reagan , and so you should avoid it.If you are young , give this book a try . Better yet , instead of buying it , go to the local library to read it . Unless the people I described in my second paragraph have taken over and there are only Approved Books in the library ... if there are libraries at all . Libraries cost money , and that means -LRB- shudder -RRB- taxes.For everyone else
 I already owned this book in paperback and loved it ... treated myself to a special hardback version .
 I really wish the DAMN Belleville `` library '' would get this classic in and I could partake in the great joy of my dear friend . This book , published in 1958 , is about Kerouac 's journeys into mountains around California in 1955 and is about his friendship with poet Gary Snyder . Jack Kerouac 's Buddhism is featured in this great book and how he struggles with the religion and tries to find enlightenment . That 's all I know about this book except that it is one of Kerouac 's best . Hell , even the sample from Amazon was great when Kerouac met Gary Snyder on a car on a train and they share wine . Ah ... wine . the sweet , sweet drink of Bacchus .
 Anyone who has any respect for nature , the Dharma , life , or philosophy will gain from this book . Kerouac always has a way of drawing a reader in and putting you in his place . It 's a beautiful and eye-opening book .
 it is a good book . nirvana did a song for this called `` beans & quot
 Another wonderful , practically edge-of-conscious novel with no definite plot by everyone 's favorite perfectly insane Beat writer . In many ways I enjoy this book even better than ` On the Road . ' It contains the same exciting beauty , applied to different subjects , and the same eccentric freedom fighters as lead characters . Every once in a while it attains the perfect harmony it seeks , turning long stretches with no apparent action into meditations on the beauty of nothingness , of loneliness , etc. . We see the budding alcoholism of our narrator , which wil turn into a book -LRB- ` Big Sur ' -RRB- of its own . We see what Kerouac saw in Buddhism , and we 'll see converts in the book 's readers . Kerouac has perhaps more real-life affect on his readers than any other American novelist , one of the few writers anywhere who really can change lives . Blah .
 This book was interesting . From it I have learned how the long haired , lazy , hippie types think . A pretentious book by a pretentious author . Read it and weep .
 The Dharma Bums is possibly Kerouac 's second best novel , it focuses on his discovery of Buddism as the Cassady character of dean Moriarty is replace by Gary Shyder 's Japhy Ryder who helps and older Kerouac discover the mountains with its landscape and animal life , he teaches Kerouac about the simplicity of life which he hankered after.For those who like to see Kerouac happy with life rather thandepressed and looking back to better days this is the book you have to read
 Eeeha ! That dharmy-boy Jack shore can smith them words . They bounce and spin , leap and unfurl in a cacophony of tremulous abandon in your mind 's ear.The pleasure in reading Kerouac is that he is such a remarkably good , wonderful person and he is so joyous and full of zealotry and surprise . And he loves everyone , unconditionally . But there is not a hint of treacle ; it is all vividly authentic but awash in kindness.THE DHARMA BUMS was written in the late 50s , and was a quick follow up to Kerouac 's ground-breaking best-seller ON THE ROAD . Both are less experimental than others of Kerouac 's works , but are jaunty displays of Kerouac 's famed spontaneous prose.As with most of Kerouac 's work , the novel is written in first person and closely follows events in Kerouac 's life , with the identities of his real-life beat friends disguised by pseudonyms -LRB- at the insistence of his publisher -RRB- . The book begins in southern California in 1955 with Ray Smith -LSB- Jack -RSB- struggling to hop a fast train to San Francisco . He arrives in The City after overcoming some difficulties and meeting a good-hearted hobo . Once in the city , there is a quick chapter -- not calling much attention to itself -- about Ray 's attendance at a poetry reading , which is noteworthy in that it is a fictionalized account of the most famous poetry reading of all time
 This book was the most inspirational work I have ever read . No matter how silly it sounds , I want to go climb a mountain and become a Buddhist . I wish he was still alive , I 'd have more to say to him than I do to most people
 The dog yawnedand almost swallowedMy Dharma ~ Jack Kerouac
 This is the most amazing peice of literature I have everset eyes on -- a life changer . Please , read this book , you 'll feel the same way .
 I read Kerouac in variuos occasions , alone and with friends , all his novels , letters and biographies . This `` Dharma Bums '' is particularly linked to a happy year of my life -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and I enjoyed a lot that California 1955 , cottages , tea and cakes , poems to read together , girls around , etc. . That was really a funny and exciting Bohemia , probably no more possible today but so important for all young readers looking for love and right path in this troubled world . The sensible approach to life Kerouac had is incredible because of its sadness , melancholy and attention to each magic of daily life !!
 `` On the Road '' may be considered the classic Kerouac novel , the archetype of Beatnik prose , but I would recommend `` Dharma Bums '' over `` On the Road , '' as the best Kerouac read and the most important of Kerouac 's works . I would even recommend `` Dharma Bums '' over the Kerouac Reader or other beat anthologies.I 'm always the first to admit that my perceptions of books are colored by the context of my life when I read it . I first read `` Dharma Bums '' when I was in college in Boulder , Colorado , I was an apathetic academic but had a budding interest in Buddhism and was sitting in for sunrise meditation with a Zen group at a Buddhist temple . I did n't own a car , rode my bike everywhere , hiked , rock climbed , and indulged in other beat-like habits . Still , I think I started all of Kerouac 's books somewhere along the line , some multiple times , and `` Dharma Bums '' was the only one I finished.Having just now reread it , it continues to stand apart from his other works . Kerouac 's writing is always interesting to me but it is hard to move forward sometimes without a story arch . When reading Big Sur , for example , in which he writes as elegantly as possible about descending into the madness of alcohol psychosis , I find it hard to maintain my momentum . `` Dharma Bums '' represents a time , a naive time in retrospect perhaps , but a fun exciting time when the beats were young , full of energy and enthusiasm , and really believed they were on to something cosmic . Over the course of this book we see Kerouac 's Buddhism deepen . In fact , more than deepen , it matured and softened , evolving from austere and ascetic into something much more philosophical . More Zen , less dogmatic , not necessarily in conflict with indulgence and gratification . And things are happening in the book , there are elements of plot in the narrators travels and adventures . They climb a mountain as a spiritual practice , and , after struggling with paralyzing fear , Kerouac learns the great lesson `` you ca n't fall off a mountain . '' There is the suicide of Rosie , a manic psychotic he was entrusted to baby-sit . There is various other traveling , hitchhiking , and meditating adventures , and the book wraps up with enchanting nature prose , written during solitary days as a wilderness fire lookout.I had to check this out of the library to reread it , -LRB- see my listmania , `` Books I wish were n't packed away at my in-laws '' -RRB- . My interest in Zen was sparked by this book initially and re-reading it drove me right back to the mat .
 Man , I do n't know where to start . `` The Dharma Bums '' is a masterpiece of the Beat Generation and a novel I will not soon forget . After The Loser 's Club by Richard Perez , this is the best book I 've read all year.Jack Kerouac wrote this story about his days as a Zen Buddhist and rucksack wanderer . His alias in the book is Raymond Smith , and he is living in Berkley with his good buddy Alvah Goldbook -LRB- Allen Ginsburg -RRB- . Ray meets a Zen Lunatic named Japhy Ryder -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , and together they travel the mountains and pastures of Central California trying to find themselves and find the true meaning of life . Ray also journies to Desolation Peak in Washington and lives there alone for the summer , which is just another chapter to this amazing piece of literature.Another part of this book that impressed me was the beginning , when Kerouac wrote about his experience at the San Francisco Poetry Renaissance , and spoke of Alvah Goldbook 's first reading of his poem `` Wail '' , which in reality was Allen Ginsburg 's legendary first reading of `` Howl '' , which to this day is a Beat Literature classic.While reading this book , I was constantly marking lines and passages , because some of the descriptions and poetry Kerouac included in this novel are simply amazing . `` The Dharma Bums '' is one of those books I will treasure forever and read over and over again .
 As Kerouac notes in the introductory chapter , he met Gary Snyder , a.k.a. Japhy Ryder in 1955 , just before Snyder went off to Japan to immerse himself in Zen Buddhism . What follows is a free-wheeling account of their time together in perhaps Kerouac 's most appealling and certainly most postive book . Dharma Bums is a celebration of American Buddhism , which was budding in San Francisco at the time , with a number of Beat poets reading their haikus and free-verse poems at the Six Gallery in San Francisco . Once again , Kerouac revels in changing names , but among the many prominent faces presented in this autobiographical novel are Allen Ginsberg , Kenneth Rexroth and Lawrence Ferlinghetti . Snyder was the rising star , a Buddhist scholar and translator of books of Japanese and Chinese poetry while studying at Berkley . Snyder , like Kerouac , had working class roots and the two hit it off from the start , exulting in each other 's state of being.Kerouac devotes Dharma Bums to Snyder in the same way he did On the Road to Neal Cassady . It was one of Kerouac 's more happy times , as he was heavy into Buddhism , and sought out Snyder as a soulmate and mentor . Kerouac sets the stage wonderfully , coming across a hobo reading from St. Theresa on a train bound for LA , coming back from Mexico . He then hops the `` Zipper '' up to San Francisco , which whirled along at 80 miles an hour on the California coastline . Kerouac hangs out at Ginsberg 's cabin in the Berkley hills , but it is Snyder 's spartan cabin that draws his attention . Snyder had already chosen to live the life of an aesthete , giving up most of his worldly possessions , except for his famous rucksack and orange crates of books , mostly of poetry . Kerouac captures some wonderful moments as they all gathered around drinking wine and engaging in yab yum with a girl who went by the name of Princess.The heart of the story revolves around Jack 's and Gary 's hike to the Matterhorn in the Sierra Nevada , in which the two form a strong bond that propells Kerouac on other adventures , including a summer at Desolation Peak in the northern Cascades that would become the subject of his next book , Desolation Angels . Kerouac 's writing shines in this book , as he is able to maintain such an ecstatic high throughout the narrative , almost seeming to touch the sky . Of course , having such a positive person like Gary Snyder to wrap the book around gave Kerouac the impelling force he needed , as on his own Kerouac often sank into melancholy and despair , which characterized his later years . One marvels at the free and easy nature of this pair as they search out their respective enlightenment , drawing on nature and their sense of the eternal cosmos.One does n't have to be well versed in Buddhism to appreciate this book , although allusions and references are many and may confuse some readers . Just let yourself go and enjoy the free flow of the narrative , which is Kerouac at his best .
 Having heard me praise this book countless times , my wife finally read it for herself . Her response ? `` You know , I was expecting some stereotype of ` cool ' Beatniks , trying to be so hip and detached . But that 's just some popular media image . The people in this book are exuberant , thoughtful , even spiritual ! '' That sums it up as well as anything . Forget the glib idea of alterna-cultural one-upmanship that passes for a Beat attitude these days - `` The Dharma Bums '' is about nave exuberance , anything-but-ironic soul-searching , an eager exploration of life 's sorrows and joys , and the sheer , exhilarating , wondrous zest of being alive and aware in an endlessly fresh world . If reading this clear mountain stream of a book does n't make you want to change your life and your way of looking at life , then you 're just hopelessly blind to something precious ! Life is so much more than the neatly packaged , pre-imagined commercial that society would love to sell you , and `` The Dharma Bums '' will gladly show you one possible way of finding your true path .
 DHARMA BUMS came out a year after ON THE ROAD . While the latter is the beat manifesto celebrating the peripatetic lifestyle , BUMS focuses on the beat romance with Buddhist enlightenment and the building of an inner life . ON THE ROAD was an instant , memorable success , and while BUMS no doubt fed a desire for more of the same , it stands apart , its own satisfying work of art , its own way of sending telegraphs from the heart of the beat movement . Many of the episodes are based on actual events and experiences that were still fresh memories as the book was written.Ray Smith is the first person narrator of DHARMA BUMS , a look alike for Jack Kerouac . For most of the book , he slyly puts Japhy Ryder at the center of attention . Ryder is a stand-in for poet Gary Snyder who survives , who as a young man in his twenties was already a natural leader . Surrounding them are other familiar figures from the era , including Alvah Goldbook -LRB- translates to Allen Ginsberg -RRB- . They all write poetry and love jazz , women , and a casual lifestyle . They seek spiritual enlightenment . They delight in trolling for clothes in the Good Will and Army and Navy stores , they savor the simplest meal over a campfire . They are the Dharma Bums , rejecting the paralyzed emptiness they ascribe to middle class life.I really like this book . The prose is clear and concrete , even when sorting through abstract notions . It is often funny . Kerouac had extraordinary insight into individual nuances and desires , and plays them into the tension of the journey and the sorting out . He had a gift for seeing how outsiders might perceive him and his crowd and how history might come to interpret the present he was portraying . Though he is legendarily perceived as a spontaneous artist , there is extraordinary control and shape imposed on these pages . Only twice does he momentarily break his world
 I can not write enough words to describe how wonderful this book is . I could write a book about its greatness , its mind-numbing beauty , its special place in the pantheon of great human achievements . Jack Kerouac was a shooting star , a dharma bum in the truest sense of the word . This man has a style and fluidity to his writing that is otherworldly , and yet so magically human . He synthesizes poetry and prose in a way that not many have ever approached . His writing is lyrics to his life , my life , your life . He can express the human condition better than anyone I have ever encountered . In the Dharma Bums , he tells about his adventures with Japhy Ryder -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , a man who lived his life the way that Kerouac wrote . Spontaneous , beautiful and pure . This is a book with power , that has changed many peoples lives , including mine , and has the power to influence so many more . Buy five copies of this book and loan them out to your friends and strangers . Kerouac 's dream of a rucksack revolution is one of the most beautiful ideas that I have ever known , and this book is the starting point for that inevitable revolution . So get this book and get started . Hit the road and things will never be the same . peace .
 ` The Dharma Bums ' is a tale of social dropouts in California who search for Buddhist enlightenment and truth -LRB- dharma -RRB- amid wine , sex , hitchhiking and mountain scenery . It 's a good introduction to Kerouac - shorter , lighter and more accessible than On the Road , which is a more epic but also has some monotonous bits.If religious certainties turn you off , you might tire of dharma-bum narrator Ray 's Buddhist slogans and the dogmatic Zen views of Japhy , Ray 's buddy . But though Kerouac portrays Buddhism as liberating , he also laughs a lot at kooky piety . At some points - like Ray 's ` banana sermon ' - religion becomes either profound or hilarious , or both.Ray tries to reach nirvana by convincing himself the world 's an illusion , which makes it ironic that the best bits in this novel are poetic descriptions of mountains and travel . The final lonely mountain-top vigil - based on Kerouac 's experience as a fire lookout , described in Lonesome Traveller - is a tour de force . Kerouac 's prose flair allows him to string 10 adjectives in front of a noun , a heinous crime in modern writing fashion , and get away with it.Kerouac balances Ray and Japhy 's Buddhist belief that the world is illusory against the earthbound views of world-weary poet Alvah Goldbook , a thinly veiled Allen Ginsberg . Alvah 's quest to soak up his surroundings rather than transcend them puts him closer to the philosophy of On the Road , in which the travelling bums reach a jubilant but sad-hearted state of raw appreciation of their phsyical world.Through the Ray-Japhy-Alvah triangle and all the minor characters , ` The Dharma Bums ' gives various answers to Kerouac 's big question in this and other books
 Following the success of `` On the Road '' , Kerouac 's publishers initially rejected his manuscripts such as `` The Subterraneans '' and `` Tristessa . '' But his publisher asked him to write an accessible , popular novel continuing with the themes of `` On the Road . '' Kerouac responded with `` The Dharma Bums '' which was published late in 1958 . `` The Dharma Bums '' is more conventionally written that most of Kerouac 's other books , with short , generally clear sentences and a story line that is optimistic on the whole . The book was critiqued by Allen Ginsberg and others close to Kerouac as a `` travelogue '' and as over-sentimentalized . But with the exception of `` On the Road '' , `` The Dharma Bums '' remains Kerouac 's most widely read work . I had the opportunity to reread `` The Dharma Bums '' and came away from the book deeply moved.As are all of Kerouac 's novels , `` The Dharma Bums '' is autobiographical . It is based upon Kerouac 's life between 1956 -- 1957 -- before `` On the Road '' appeared and made Kerouac famous . The book focuses upon the relationship between Kerouac , who in the book is called Ray Smith and his friend , the poet Gary Snyder , called Japhy Ryder , ten years Kerouac 's junior . Kerouac died in 1969 , while Snyder is still alive and a highly regarded poet . Allen Ginsberg -LRB- Alvah Goldbrook -RRB- and Neal Cassady -LRB- Cody Pomeray -RRB- , among others , also are characters in the book . Most of the book is set in San Francisco and its environs , but there are scenes of Kerouac 's restless and extensive travelling by hitchiking , walking , jumping freight trains , and taking buses , as he visits Mexico , and his mother 's home in Rocky Mount , North Carolina during the course of the book.The strenght of `` The Dharma Bums '' lies in its scenes of spiritual seriousness and meditation . During the period described in the book , Kerouac had become greatly interested in Buddhism . He describes himself as a `` bhikku '' -- a Buddhist monk -- and had been celibate for a year when the book begins . I have been studying Buddhism myself for many years , and it is easy to underestimate Kerouac 's understanding of Buddhism . As with many authors , he was wiser in his writing that he was in his life . There is a sense of the sadness and changeable character of existence and of the value of compassion for all beings that comes through eloquently in `` The Dharma Bums . '' Smith and Ryder have many discussions about Buddhism -- at various levels of seriousness -- during the course of the novel . Ryder tends to use Buddhism to be critical of and alienated from American society and its excessive materialism and devotion to frivolity such as television . Smith has the broader vision and sees compassion and understanding as a necessary part of the lives of everyone . Smith tends to be more meditative and quiet in his Buddhist practice -- he spends a great deal of time in the book sitting and `` doing nothing '' while Ryder is generally active and on the go , hiking , chopping wood , studying , or womanizing . At the end of the book , he leaves for an extended trip to Japan . -LRB- He and Kerouac would never see each other again . -RRB- `` The Dharma Bums '' offers a picture of a portion of American Buddhism during the 1950s . It also offers a portrayal of what has been called the `` rucksack revolution '' as Smith and Ryder take to the outdoors , and , in a lengthy and famous section of the book , climb the `` Matterhorn '' in California 's Sierra Mountains . In the final chapters of the book , Kerouac spends eight isolated weeks on Desolation Peak in the Cascades as a fire watchman . He comes back yearning for human company.Sexuality plays an important role in the book , against the backdrop of what is described as the repressed 1950 's , as young girls are drawn to Ryder and he willingly shares them with an initially reluctant Smith . The book includes scenes of wild parties tinged , for Smith , with sadness , in which people of both sexes dance naked , get physically involved , and drink heavily . Near the end of the book , Ryder offers Smith a prophetic warning the alcoholism which would shortly thereafter ruin Kerouac 's life . `` The Dharma Bums '' is a fundamentally American book and it is full of love for the places of America , for the opportunity it offers for spiritual exploration , and for its people . Kerouac 's compassion was hard earned . In his introduction to a later book , `` The Lonesome Traveller '' heaptly described his books as involving the `` preachment of universal kindness , which hysterial critics have failed to notice beneath frenetic activity of my true-story novels about the ` beat ' generation . -- Am actually not ` beat ' but strange solitary crazy Catholic mystic . '' I found a feeling of spirituality , of love of life in the face of vicissitudes , and of America in `` The Dharma Bums . '' The work was indeed a popularization . But Kerouac 's vision may ultimately have been broad.Robin Friedman
 Liked this more than On the Road . Has a completely different feel . One of my favorite reads .
 Kerouac may be best known for On The Road , but this is by far my favorite of his books . Looking back , it has probably been the most influential book on my life . The story is just so honest and original and beautiful , it confirmed my desire to be a writer when I read it as a sophomore in high school . But not just a writer . It made me want to live my life without shackles , free like Kerouac 's character Japhy -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , climbing mountains and writing poetry . It captures the Boho 50 's era like no other , especially in the Bay Area . Finally , it inspired me to learn more about Buddhism and eventually spend a year in a Buddhist monastery . I 've never met someone who has read The Dharma Bums and has n't loved it . It 's one of the best books of the 20th century.By Jaimal Yogis , author ofSaltwater Buddha
 The best , most fun , most I want to be like Kerouac of the -LRB- admittedly -RRB- few Kerouacs I have read . This one , three times . Women deserve better in Kerouac , but hey , it 's the fifties . Poor Jack fell apart in the sixties . Anyway , Bums has all the famous people thinly disguised . Gary Snyder , who is so smart he still lives and is a real Buddhist , not a fake like most of us . Ginsberg is there , Alvah Goldbook for God 's sake , having sex with women . It is another road trip , back and forth across what was fast becoming the wasteland we know with pockets of natural beauty wonderfully described . You get a fairly linear narrative but the jazzy rythms intrude , the man was a frustrated musician . Maybe he should have taken more psychedelics and left the booze alone . Booze is too much of a sacrament in Bums , we know there are better things to use as sacraments . Of course , most Buddhists avoid alcohol , except some crazy Zen masters who did as they pleased , no rules please . What Jack describes in the book is still his vision of what he hoped for , but knew would not happen . It probably killed him , but the book , in a very nice yet inexpensive edition is a trip to read , and perchance to dream ...
 First , let me say that I have read Dharma Bums several times and , of course , found something new and wonderful in each reading . It is , quite simply , a classic American novel , and I feel that the previous two reviews -LRB- five stars , naturally -RRB- sum up the book 's contents , its spiritual impulse , and finally , its dramatic impact on American letters better than I could here.What I would like to add , then , is that THIS SPECIFIC EDITION -LRB- the Penguin Classics Deluxe -RRB- is , by far and away , the best out there . In my mind , it is a collector 's item , a kind of retro masterwork , and featuring the outstanding if not enigmatic illustrations by the artist known simply as Jason . To be sure
 Following the success of `` On the Road '' , Kerouac 's publishers initially rejected his manuscripts such as `` The Subterraneans '' and `` Tristessa . '' But his publisher asked him to write an accessible , popular novel continuing with the themes of `` On the Road . '' Kerouac responded with `` The Dharma Bums '' which was published late in 1958 . `` The Dharma Bums '' is more conventionally written that most of Kerouac 's other books , with short , generally clear sentences and a story line that is optimistic on the whole . The book was critiqued by Allen Ginsberg and others close to Kerouac as a `` travelogue '' and as over-sentimentalized . But with the exception of `` On the Road '' , `` The Dharma Bums '' remains Kerouac 's most widely read work . I had the opportunity to reread `` The Dharma Bums '' and came away from the book deeply moved.As are all of Kerouac 's novels , `` The Dharma Bums '' is autobiographical . It is based upon Kerouac 's life between 1956 -- 1957 -- before `` On the Road '' appeared and made Kerouac famous . The book focuses upon the relationship between Kerouac , who in the book is called Ray Smith and his friend , the poet Gary Snyder , called Japhy Ryder , ten years Kerouac 's junior . Kerouac died in 1969 , while Snyder is still alive and a highly regarded poet . Allen Ginsberg -LRB- Alvah Goldbrook -RRB- and Neal Cassady -LRB- Cody Pomeray -RRB- , among others , also are characters in the book . Most of the book is set in San Francisco and its environs , but there are scenes of Kerouac 's restless and extensive travelling by hitchiking , walking , jumping freight trains , and taking buses , as he visits Mexico , and his mother 's home in Rocky Mount , North Carolina during the course of the book.The strenght of `` The Dharma Bums '' lies in its scenes of spiritual seriousness and meditation . During the period described in the book , Kerouac had become greatly interested in Buddhism . He describes himself as a `` bhikku '' -- a Buddhist monk -- and had been celibate for a year when the book begins . I have been studying Buddhism myself for many years , and it is easy to underestimate Kerouac 's understanding of Buddhism . As with many authors , he was wiser in his writing that he was in his life . There is a sense of the sadness and changeable character of existence and of the value of compassion for all beings that comes through eloquently in `` The Dharma Bums . '' Smith and Ryder have many discussions about Buddhism -- at various levels of seriousness -- during the course of the novel . Ryder tends to use Buddhism to be critical of and alienated from American society and its excessive materialism and devotion to frivolity such as television . Smith has the broader vision and sees compassion and understanding as a necessary part of the lives of everyone . Smith tends to be more meditative and quiet in his Buddhist practice -- he spends a great deal of time in the book sitting and `` doing nothing '' while Ryder is generally active and on the go , hiking , chopping wood , studying , or womanizing . At the end of the book , he leaves for an extended trip to Japan . -LRB- He and Kerouac would never see each other again . -RRB- `` The Dharma Bums '' offers a picture of a portion of American Buddhism during the 1950s . It also offers a portrayal of what has been called the `` rucksack revolution '' as Smith and Ryder take to the outdoors , and , in a lengthy and famous section of the book , climb the `` Matterhorn '' in California 's Sierra Mountains . In the final chapters of the book , Kerouac spends eight isolated weeks on Desolation Peak in the Cascades as a fire watchman . He comes back yearning for human company.Sexuality plays an important role in the book , against the backdrop of what is described as the repressed 1950 's , as young girls are drawn to Ryder and he willingly shares them with an initially reluctant Smith . The book includes scenes of wild parties tinged , for Smith , with sadness , in which people of both sexes dance naked , get physically involved , and drink heavily . Near the end of the book , Ryder offers Smith a prophetic warning the alcoholism which would shortly thereafter ruin Kerouac 's life . `` The Dharma Bums '' is a fundamentally American book and it is full of love for the places of America , for the opportunity it offers for spiritual exploration , and for its people . Kerouac 's compassion was hard earned . In his introduction to a later book , `` The Lonesome Traveller '' heaptly described his books as involving the `` preachment of universal kindness , which hysterial critics have failed to notice beneath frenetic activity of my true-story novels about the ` beat ' generation . -- Am actually not ` beat ' but strange solitary crazy Catholic mystic . '' I found a feeling of spirituality , of love of life in the face of vicissitudes , and of America in `` The Dharma Bums . '' The work was indeed a popularization . But Kerouac 's vision may ultimately have been broad.Robin Friedman
 Jack Kerouac was intensely alive and his fiery love of life is perhaps best captured in this wonderful book . One of the treasures of American literature , this warm and happy novel is filled with the joy and sadness that Kerouac saw in the world.A novel of this type has the unique ability to capture the living heart of a person , putting it down on the page for us all to discover . Fortunately Kerouac was an unusually kind and warm hearted man , and his strange foolhardy goodness illuminates the pages of this book like a warm glowing candle flame.The main character of the novel is Kerouac himself , but the hero is based on the character of the poet Gary Snyder . One of the wisest of the beats , Snyder has shown us all how to live through his series of fine books . To me , Snyder is a more worthy hero than Neal Cassidy , the character whom Kerouac praises in his most famous book , On the Road.It is not entirely clear why Kerouac chose to fictionalize the characters in his book , calling his hero Japhy Ryder rather than Gary Snyder . One of the most touching moments of the book comes when Kerouac , describing the time when came back to the west coast after visiting his mother , accidentally slips out of character and says that it is `` Gary '' who greeted him in the little shack in Marin County.In this book , and in later years , Snyder would have one complaint about Kerouac
 Kerouac 's natural audience was the young . I read him whenI was fourteen and able to see just a tiny part of the world.What he did for me and for my generation was to suggesta universe that was different in its ultimate orientationto what was good.All of a sudden , the simple , the obvious , the severely plainand widely available pleasures were valued . Mountains , beaches , box cars . Not only that , but his heroes were Buddhist-Japanese , Chinese and Indian and his world-view was from a meditation mat.We barely noticed his speed-crazed prose or the almost completelack of a plot.Reading Kerouac was like hanging out with a magical friend whocut away the cords that tied us to conventional American lifein the fifties and sixties . Indeed , you could say that the sixties , for many of us , began with this book.The Dharma Bums is fifty years old now . The young areimprisoned in different ways today and the boxcarbodhisattvas seem irrelevant . Perhaps they are.I do n'timagine that my daughter and her friends dream ofspending a summer alone in a firetower or reading poetryin a smoky coffee house.And yet this was the book that set their parents free , started a revolution that made their world . -- Lynn Hoffman , author of THE NEW SHORT COURSE IN WINE andthe forthcoming novel bang BANG from Kunati Books.ISBN9781601640005
 Kerouac 's `` Dharma Bums '' extends his recurring theme of one man 's quest to find true freedom of mind and soul . Equally colorful characters are scattered throughout , just as in `` On the Road . '' I suspect that every reader of Kerouac comes away from the experience with a slightly different outlook on life . In my opinion , very few books ever accomplish this feat and Kerouac seems to do it with each and every work .
 Jack Kerouac and his friends were a part of a group of individuals who were known in the early 1950 's as `` The Beat Generation . '' They were the precursors of the hippies of the 1960 's . As expounded in Kerouac 's wonderfully expressive and liberating book , the beats loved to write and to recite poetry , drink wine , laze around , hike and camp in the woods , sleep under the stars with their rucksacks nearby , and go rock climbing . Many of the beats road the rails -LRB- as celebrated by Woody Guthrie in the 1930 's -RRB- or would hitchhike to get to their destinations . Ray Smith , the hero and narrator of _ Dharma Bums _ , does all of these things ; he even criss-crosses the country by thumbing rides . Like many of his comrades Ray is a practicing Buddhist . He integrates Buddhism and meditation into all aspects of his life , whether in his relationships with people or in seeking a oneness with nature . Ray shares in many of these activities with his best friend , Japhy , who recommends to Ray that he seek a summer job as watcher -LRB- preventer of forest fires -RRB- with the U.S. Forest Service . Following Japhy 's advice , Ray finds work at Desolation Peak in the Great Pacific Northwest . It is there that Ray , tasting of the elemental forces of nature , recognizes that `` The vision of the freedom of eternity was mine forever . '' Like Ray 's unique experience , _ Dharma Bums _ is a revelation .
 THE DHARMA BUMS is Kerouac 's mostly autobiographical 1958 follow-up to the iconic ON THE ROAD . And , truth be known , THE DHARMA BUMS , though less known , is a far better tale than its predecessor , which embraced a rough and gritty depravity as the Beat metier.In THE DHARMA BUMS , Ray Smith -LRB- Kerouac -RRB- sets out for California where he meets Japhy Ryder -LRB- the poet Gary Snyder -RRB- , who introduces him to the essences of Zen Buddhism , as well as the core of what was to become the counterculture of the 1960s . Kerouac 's gentle , wide-eyed amazement at the spiritual world he has entered is manifest on every page . Whether in a North Frisco crash pad or in the Sierras , Kerouac moves through a joyous universe full of light , color , and sheer new-ness . His ability to share his inner visions on these pages marks him as a truly talented writer . THE DHARMA BUMS is a happy book . Even Kerouac 's occasional bouts with alcohol and depression do not detract from the experience , they merely underscore the happiness and the heights to be found in Zen spiritual practice.There 's a lot to like about this book , and I really do . For anyone who cares to make the journey , THE DHARMA BUMS is a great -LRB- if unfocused -RRB- primer on Zen that needs to be read for the simple pleasure of it .
 This is yet another compelling novel by Jack Kerouac , but unlike his more famous semi-autiobiographical novel `` On The Road '' , this one captures more of Kerouac 's spiritual and ascetic side and does so within the context of Buddhist muses and the more worldy aspects of existence.In On The Road , Kerouac -LRB- or Sal -RRB- is a youthful wanderer seeking experience by hitchhiking across the U.S. and stopping to explore the wilderness of various cities . In Dharma Bums the wilderness he explores is the desolate mountains of California . At the beginning he sets ouf with his friend Japhy , and some other climber named Morley , to take on the precarious task of hiking a mountain called Matterhorn , and later Ray spends almost two months in solitude as a fire lookout on a mountain he calls `` Desolation . `` While at times I became peeved at Kerouac 's -LRB- or Ray 's -RRB- somewhat childish Buddhist ramblings , I began to realize that it was this unfettered exuberance with life that is utterly lacking in the seriousness of our business oriented society with its somber goal to mechanize human life.We hear very little of Neal Cassady -LRB- Cody in this book -RRB- , who was the maniacal force that hurled On The Road along , with the exception of the scene in which Ray watches Cody 's girlfriend Rosie who later commits suicide the morning after Ray tells her , in response to her paranoid rambling , `` But you 're getting these silly convictions and conceptions out of nowhere , do n't you realize all this life is just a dream ? Why do n't you just relax and enjoy God ? God is you , you fool ! '' Unfortunately I 'm not too sure his consolation mitigated her paranoia about reality but you ca n't blame Ray 's sincere attempt to help . The sytle of this novel is less plot and more sensory perceptions , which are captured in Kerouac 's magnificant prosaic style.Oh , one more thing . The book opens with Jack hopping out of a freight `` somewhere near Camarillo , '' which is the city I live in . I think that 's one of the many reasons why I am drawn to his novels . He lived and experienced America more than most of the American citizens who claim that Kerouac was a dissident while it was his dissidence that really proved how much he loved and felt for the U.S.
 I agree with most of the positive reviews on this book and although I am a little biased -LRB- Kerouac is my favorite author -RRB- , this book inspired me to write a poem after I finished reading it . And although it may not inspire you to do anything at all , it is that good that it could inspire something positive in your life or even in your viewpoint or artwork if you 're an artist . I read `` On The Road '' , `` The Town and The City '' , and just before this one , `` The Subterraneans '' , which I found really great but quite difficult to read without having blood run out of your ear from sentences that were 2 or 3 pages long ! This one was much more fun to read and I could not put it down . If you really like Jack you should also check out James Baldwin and Norman Mailer .
 Cracker Jack 's got quite a nack at righting these shindigs about the bums in rucksacks . Dharma Bums gives you a glimpse into the life of the Beats with a focus on their cut of Zen . This really is a great story and it will inspire you . On a side note I recommend trying to find the original edition ; the old pages really smell a lot better .
 In California in the 60 's the hippie culture was just beginning to take form , and at the forefront of that was Jack Kerouac and his entourage of friends , the original beatniks . During this phase of Jack 's life he was becoming very spiritual , as were his friends around them . This resulted in an outstandingly beautiful outlook on life and they live the exact life they want to . Drinking and partying and going on adventures throughout California.Jack Kerouac was one of the most brilliant minds of his generation and here in Dharma Bums he brings you right in for the ride . Offering hilarious stories about him and his friends , this book shows Jack as he is just stepping into his prime.While On the Road tells the tale of Neal Cassady and Jack , the focus in Dharma Bums is directly on Jack . In particular it is focus on his spiritual awakening and development . Although , I must say , he does n't become the most holy person in the world , he does acquire quite the spectacular outlook on life . Here he invites you into that wonderful mind of his and lets you ride with him.His writing style here is flawless and provides a fine illustration of his life . Dharma Bums will have you laughing out loud at the outrageous antics of Jack and his friends , then it will have you thinking deeply about the truths of life . This short little book is a literary masterpiece and is well worth the read . Enjoy Jack at his finest .
 Words fly by and what is left ? Empty glory , impressions of that and there , but this , glorious empty this is here .
 I loved `` On The Road '' but this is the book that I recommend if someone wants to read only one Jack Kerouac novel . What made the reading of this book extra special for me was that while I was reading about Ray Smith and Japhy Ryder and Henry Morley climbing a California mountain , I was camped out 12,000 feet up on a California mountain on a very cold , early spring night reading this book in my sleeping bag inside my tent by lamplight . It was glorious because I could really imagine I was on that mountain with Ray and Japhy . The one slight quibble I 've also had with the story is when Ray has the questionable insight that `` you ca n't fall off a mountain '' . Oh yes you can ; people die from it every year . `` On The Road '' will soon be released as a movie , and I hope it 's a big success so that someone decides to make `` Dharma Bums '' into a film .
 The Dharma Bums , considered by many an American classic , is a rambling account of a young man finding himself during the 1950s . A well written story describing an era when hitchhiking and riding the rails were common and relatively safe for young men seeking to find themselves . Ray wanders in and around the west cost of the US and into Mexico , drifting from one meaningless adventure to another . The characters he encounters and befriends are sterotypes of that time in American history when the Beat Generation was `` doing their thing . '' Drugs , alcohol , casual sexual encounters , were all part of one big party while considering the Zen of Life , Buddism , and truth . The foolishness , and at times the insight , experienced by those leaving home and stepping into the bigger world are universal .
 I did n't much care for `` On The Road '' after the first 50 pages or so and i 'd pretty much thought that this great `` Beat Writer '' was nothing but hype , but after reading `` The Dharma Bums '' I now believe Kerouac is one of the greatest writers of modern times . READ THIS BOOK !!!!
 I read dharma bums on holiday in crete '98 at a time when i was struggling to come to terms with the negatives in my life . The dharma bums changed that.I was ray smith.I became Japhy Ryder.I stopped biting my fingernails . If there is one thing the book teaches you then it is this : Go out.LIVE YOUR LIFE !
 There are very few books that can change your life , but this is one of them . After reading On the Road , i did n't think it was possible for Kerouac to write a better book , but Dharma Bums came real close . This book makes the reader want to appreciate thier life so much more , it really is a wonderful book .
 ever since i 've read this book 2 yrs . ago i hav n't found a single book that could even match it ! 5 stars ?? that 's to little to rate the dharma bums , i 'd give as high as numbers can go !!!!! it 's the perfect book , mixing zen , han shan , sex , poetry , mountain climbing , and everytthing else that rox !! GET THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Published only a year after his masterpiece On The Road , Dharma Bums is a visionary look at the debilitating effects of fame and alcohol . It follows Ray Smith -LRB- Jack -RRB- and Jahy Rider -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- on a buddhist romp through the mountains of the west coast . Contemplating their religions and beliefs and coming to beautiful realisations about the world -LRB- `` You ca n't fall off a mountain '' -RRB- , they create the rucksack revolution . A beautiful insight into thought and poetry . A must for anyone who wants to learn to think or expand their mind .
 I was not alive during the time of the Beat Generation , so my experience is limited to brief summaries in history textbooks and to the literature to come out of this time . Kerouac 's book is fascinating ; it 's thought-provoking and beautiful . The scenes atop Desolation Peak are enough to seize the reader with a desire to go out , to leave whatever is holding him or her back , and to experience nature and oneself in a new way .
 A very good book . It gives the reader a real feeling for the beats , what they stood for and so on . One of the best things about this book for me was the fact that I can see myself in japhy or rays shoe 's . I love the northwest , and have hiked around desolation peak , so it was cool to read about it . Not having been alive when the beats were around , it was good to see that people of my parents generation thought like I do . I reccomended dahrma bums to some of my friends . Both of them were like , `` Why ? '' They totally did n't get it at all . Possibly that 's an indication of the intelligence level of the people I hang out with , but oh well .
 Only Kerouac could capture any moment in his absolute awe . His never-stopping living loving yeah-yeah words invoke images and feelings like no other author . Read this book . Live this book .
 In `` On the Road , '' there were several points during which Kerouac 's unusual way of wording things inspired a certain feeling of contentment or sorrow in me , but in `` The Dharma Bums '' I really lived those feelings . His descriptions of the scenes and events in this book really capture the moment and preserve it for we unfortunate people who were n't there . I found `` The Dharma Bums '' much more enjoyable reading than `` On the Road ; '' it does n't go on pointlessly in quite the same way . There 's a clearer focus , on the religious , introspective side of Kerouac 's attitudes , and the storyline lets us know exactly what it was like to be a Dharma bum .
 The Dharma Bums is one of the best books I have ever read on Zen Buddhism and traditional Buddhism . While following the guidelines of an interesting and fun story , Kerouac teaches the many fundamental principles of Buddhism . A + book . Highly recommended .
 I would be lying if a said that this book did not change my life . I thought that `` On the Road '' was amazing , but `` The Dharma Bums '' is by far his best . Kerouac seems to be much more settled in his religious and philosophical views in this novel . His main pal , Japhy , is one of the most inspirational charaters in all of American literature . Though first time readers of Jack should probably start with `` On the Road '' , `` The Dharma Bums '' is a must read for any Beat Generation fan .
 DHARMA BUMS is Sal the next morning . The screaming mad party , heaven-reached and bottle-drained , rests in peace and the sun is here . Time to reassess . Time to repent . That is how this book reached me . Read on the heels of ON THE ROAD , BUMS is the next logical step in that journey . He still enjoys a party , still makes love to wine , but instead of ending in wild sweats , it approaches nirvana . He abstains from women , communes with the mountains , and is definitely on his way to shedding his skin of the world . His cohort this time around is not Dean , but right good Bhikku , Japhy . Together they hike the trails of Buddhahood.I enjoyed this book , but felt disconnected from the main character , the way a designated driver feels removed from the drunken group . He is on a path , to which I can not wholly relate . The inner monologue passages are not as user-friendly due to their Buddhist nature -LRB- or `` Buddha Nature '' -RRB- as those in ROAD . However , it is still a very engaging read that ends , like ROAD , in a euphoric afterglow . Desolation Peak is the new Mexico . Fog replaces bums , and silence , the exhausted laughter of done mad men .
 Less plot , more pot than On the Road . Where Kerouac 's most famous novel was all about reckless travel , music , girls , and rebellion , Dharma Bums is more introspective . Lots of meditation , soul searching and existential ruminations about life , truth , and nature . My only regret is that I did n't choose the book format , as it was hard to keep up with all the philosophical ramblings while listening in the car .
 Alright , lets be honest for a moment
 Many a time an author decides a novel , should refelct one 's life . And we see that Kerouac contains this belief . `` Dharma Bums '' was a beautiful description of Kerouac 's interaction with Gary Snyder , one of the great Beat poets located in San Francisco . This book , not only amazed people about with it 's writing , but launched an entire idea of American Buhdism . Many say that On the Road is Jack 's best book , but my opinion is that On the Road is a pop version of Dharma Bums . But that is my educated opinion , my personal opinion is that I love this book . Kerouac has been a large influence on my life . As a child my mother and cousin would read me poetry and novels from the beat generation , naturally the older I got the more I started to appreciate the writing . But through it all Dharma Bums is still my favorite -LRB- W / Cassidy 's letters to Jack a close second -RRB- . I recommend this book whole heartly to any individual who truly loves literture , too often this generation gets written off as a bunch of drunks , but Hemmingway and Lost gen members are remembered as a group of talented writers , they had a couple in their day . So give these writers a chance , and start with this book .
 It changed my life . It made me laugh , cry , and think . Just read it .
 This was a must read during my solo hiking trips . A exploration into the minds of two Dharma Bums with different takes on their Buddhism lifestyles . Really enjoyed getting into their minds and following the main character , Ray , develop into his own being , confident in his thoughts and place in the world . Great strong ending.Definitely recommend it .
 Dealing with Amazon was so easy , this was my first time buying from this site and it was so easy , quick and was delivered very fast .
 Dharma Bums is truly Kerouac at his finest . The bookis about his `` Zen Lunacy '' and his wanderings on the westcoast with his mad friend Japhy . This book makes you wantto jump up throw together a rucksack and head for themountains to meditate.This book just takes the classicOn the Road philosophy and takes it a step further . Ifliked On the Road I highly recommend this book for itis a classic.Further Reading : The Subterraneans , Big Sur
 Kerouac may be best known for On The Road , but this is by far my favorite of his books . Looking back , it has probably been the most influential book on my life . The story is just so honest and original and beautiful , it confirmed my desire to be a writer when I read it as a sophomore in high school . But not just a writer . It made me want to live my life without shackles , free like Kerouac 's character Japhy -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , climbing mountains and writing poetry . It captures the Boho 50 's era like no other , especially in the Bay Area . Finally , it inspired me to learn more about Buddhism and eventually spend a year in a Buddhist monastery . I 've never met someone who has read The Dharma Bums and has n't loved it . It 's one of the best books of the 20th century.By Jaimal Yogis , author ofSaltwater Buddha
 This is a great example of the Beats ' beautifully naive fascination with Buddhism . It is probably in my top 2 or 3 favorite Kerouac books . I would recommend it to anyone who likes the Beats , Poetry , Buddhism , backpacking , simple pleasures , etc. .
 this was the first jack kerouac book I read and I absolutly loved it ! It was extremly well written .
 Kerouac has often been forced into a narrow paradigm in which to work . The casual reader delights in reading about Kerouac and Snyder climbing the Matterhorn ; the same holds true for Teh Kerouac / Cassady relationship in On the Road . Still I think that the underlying truths of this book , which lie dormant to the casual reader , greatly outshine the aciton.Kerouac 's prose aims to draw the reader away from the worldly cycle of Work-Consume-Work-Consume and so on . He aims to show us a different path , one for the people who meditate and defy social convention , not simply for the sake of defiance , but for the sake of self-enlightenment . The long-haired , tea smoking , judge killing , terrorist supporting outsiders of today , so villified by the present and past governments , find in Kerouac much overlooked philosophy a separate peace , one away from the wired up fast paced world of dead technology . When Kerouac goes on his long beautiful tangents about children singing a ditty of their own imagination , it 's like being eight years old again and having ice cream and cookies in the kitchen and laughing about the nonsense that happened at school that day . Kerouac reminds us that we do not live in a world enclosed by the suggested rule of society , that we are each our own to create and experience what we will for ourselves.TTFNDr . Gonzo
 To those of you who have only read `` On theRoad '' , you need to read this book . Kerouacmade great strides as a writer afterhe wrote his first book . This book is a close asKerouac ever got to emulating a fine blowingjazz piece . Personally , this book introduced meto Zen and has sparked a life long interest inits pursuit .
 Dharma Bums is quite simply the best Kerouac book I have ever read . I 'd advise you not to start out with this as your first Kerouac adventure but read it instead after On the Road . In Dharma Bums Kerouac 's piqueresque tendencies mellow adn he shows a much deeper emotional and religious facet which was largely left unexplored in On the Road . Descriptions of places times and events are fantastic - gritty but not burdensome as I thought they were in Visions of Gerard . The book reads well and will calm you to the quick . This book will change your life , soothe your aches , and show a new world , a world of peace and beauty , to you .
 Jack Kerouac 's fluid style of writing emphasizs the style andculture of the beat generation in one inspirating novel
 Kerouac may be best known for On The Road , but this is by far my favorite of his books . Looking back , it has probably been the most influential book on my life . The story is just so honest and original and beautiful , it confirmed my desire to be a writer when I read it as a sophomore in high school . But not just a writer . It made me want to live my life without shackles , free like Kerouac 's character Japhy -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , climbing mountains and writing poetry . It captures the Boho 50 's era like no other , especially in the Bay Area . Finally , it inspired me to learn more about Buddhism and eventually spend a year in a Buddhist monastery . I 've never met someone who has read The Dharma Bums and has n't loved it . It 's one of the best books of the 20th century.By Jaimal Yogis , author ofSaltwater Buddha
 Kerouac may be best known for On The Road , but this is by far my favorite of his books . Looking back , it has probably been the most influential book on my life . The story is just so honest and original and beautiful , it confirmed my desire to be a writer when I read it as a sophomore in high school . But not just a writer . It made me want to live my life without shackles , free like Kerouac 's character Japhy -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , climbing mountains and writing poetry . It captures the Boho 50 's era like no other , especially in the Bay Area . Finally , it inspired me to learn more about Buddhism and eventually spend a year in a Buddhist monastery . I 've never met someone who has read The Dharma Bums and has n't loved it . It 's one of the best books of the 20th century.By Jaimal Yogis , author ofSaltwater Buddha
 IMO this is superior to both On The Road and Desolation Angels -LRB- which I found slow-moving and very hard to finish -RRB- . Dharma Bums is a classic that I usually reread once a yr .
 Allen Ginsberg reading the Dharma Bums is a classic . Ginsberg gives it a certain vivid flavor and flair that you will want to hear again and again .
 I read this the first time years and years ago as a teenager . I enjoyed it then and identified easily with the character 's strife . As an adult , I see it a new light and more as inspiration for adventure and freedom .
 This book is perfect for anyone who enjoys traveling , hiking or the idea of freeing themselves from a 9 to 5 . It 's even better for those who feel all of these things simultaneously . Kerouac writes with a terse honesty and gives the reader so many opportunities to apply meaning to our own lives . He helps us to question our own role not in society , but in the search for ourselves.This book is a little less dark than most of his other books , and it contains some of his best ideas . The protagonist uses another character , Japhy , to explore ideas of Buddhism -LRB- Japhy 's zen versus his own version -RRB- . This is never done in an academic way , but rather in the spirit of the book itself
 The second book by Kerouac i bought and subsequently read and much better than the first -LRB- On the Road -RRB- . It seems with every book by Kerouac I read , I get a deeper understanding of his style and life and begin to ultimately enjoy it more . This book seems to be the best `` sequel '' to On the Road and and after this book , Desolation Angels is a good follow-up . This is one of my favorite books and would reccomend it to anyone getting into Kerouac . The only reason it did not recieve five stars is that I feel there are better books out there by Kerouac .
 _ When I reread this book after so many years I found myself wondering if we were ever really like this . The innocence , the lack of pretention , the sincerity - it is so totally alien from what this society has become . Sure Jack Kerouac had his problems with booze and relationships , but at his core there was somehow this absolutely blinding glare of innocent purity . Here was a man whose primary concerns were always the meaning of life , the nature of god , the suffering of innocents , whether he was boozing it up in a bar , hopping a freight , or hold up in a look-out cabin on top of a mountain . Jack Kerouac was a true poet in a world were poetry was in abysmal decline both before and after . Jack Kerouac 's life was a spontaneous living poem - the dionysian poem of the living holy fool . _ This is my favorite of all Kerouac 's novels . I 've had people comment about how I must have patterned a huge part of my early life on this book . I remember thinking so too , except all my wandering and wondering took place before I even heard of Jack or his books ...
 I really enjoyed this book . Kerouac drew me into a magical world of his creation . Filled with memorable characters , this book is an uncommonly delightful easy-read that makes a cover to cover read very tempting . As often happens to me when I read a good book , I was sad the book had ended , and eager to read more Kerouac -LRB- I think I 'll try `` on the road next . -RRB- This is definitely a book I find worthy of owning as I feel I will be drawn to it over and over again .
 This is the first Kerouac book I 've read and it is a wonderful book to experience . The story is interesting , the ideas are important , and the prose is explosive.The two main subjects dealt with in the book seem to be :1 -RRB- the illusion of the world of appearances2 -RRB- the meaninglessness of the worldThese topics are considered over and over -LRB- among some others -RRB- and looked at from different emotional perspectives . The ideas at times make the characters depressed , and at other times , they 're at peace with these ideas . I think it is this type of examination , of the different stances towards `` the void , '' which is the real topic of the book -- and this is as important a topic as there is.Also , I worried about an abrupt ending to the book as I read it , but found the last paragraph to be my favorite of all . I highly recommend the book .
 I have just finished this book and really enjoyed the written word . It has a free flowing style which is mesmerising and relaxing to read . I am old enough to remember the times it was written in and they were very optomistic and free.However I was reading the book in 2012 and times have changed . The materalistic world has engulfed us and freedom and free thinking seem to be things of the past . The drug culture is now feared and grave consequences of participation in it are promoted.Perhaps sadly all I can say is that the bubble has burst .
 The Dharma Bums was published in 1958 , a year after Kerouac 's more famous novel , On the Road . I read them both in the 1960 's and remember his free-flowing writing style and his general enthusiasm but with On the Road I could n't understand what all the fuss was about . It may have been a seminal work but being original does n't necessarily mean it is engaging . Lacking confidence , I assumed it was my fault . I read it again in the mid 1980 's and , with confidence , understood less `` what all the fuss was about . '' I recalled that I had liked The Dharma Bums better -- way back then -- but I could n't remember why . So after forty some years , I revisited it.The Dharma Bums is less about the Beat generation -LRB- as in On the Road -RRB- and more about a couple young men , Ray and Japhy , in search of Truth through Zen Buddhism . This was based on the real-life Kerouac and pal poet Gary Snyder , who apparently had a large influence on Kerouac 's Buddhist journey . There is a lot more praying , meditation , and celibacy going on here than wild living , although Ray did like his port wine . I found Kerouac 's zest for life innocent and life affirming , his striving for understanding of the world similar to other men 's striving . He was thirty-six at the time but he sounded younger and wiser.The essence of the book is told in one paragraph , well into the book
 This is the first Kerouac book i ever read . I 've read it twice , once when i was 17 , and once when i was 19 . It 's a beautifully poetic look at Jack 's life -LRB- he calls himself Ray Smith in this one -RRB- while he was riding the rails , hitching , hiking and camping across the southern United States and Mexico . This book , along with On the Road , is one of Kerouac 's more fantastical works . Though he always tends to focus on both the good and the bad of his journeys , Dharma Bums does carry an underlying current that Jack was able to achieve some kind of Zen Buddhist enlightenment at this time in his life . In that sense , there is less bad to dwell on , and life seems to work itself out more than it does in some of his more real , raw books . A great Kerouac read , and a great introduction to his style .
 When I came into correspondence with one of America 's top short story writers , I shipped him a copy of `` The Dharma Bums '' as a thank you gift for answering some of my questions . I did this not only because its rough-cut pages make the book a wonder to handle , but because I think it 's imperative for any devotee of American literature to read.Jack Kerouac envisioned that his many books would ultimately form a self-contained , complete volume which all linked together , an autobiography he entitled the `` Duluoz Legend . `` He writes , `` The whole thing forms one enormous comedy , seen through they eyes of poor Ti Jean -LRB- me -RRB- , otherwise known as Jack Duluoz , the world of raging action and folly and also of gentle sweetness seen through the keyhole of his eye . `` Kerouac 's more frequently read `` On the Road '' showcases his innovation of spontaneous prose through a frenetic story that glorifies what is arguably immoral rebellious behavior . `` The Dharma Bums , '' set about seven years later , again utilizes his madcap writing style , but in a way much more accessible to the reader than many of his other works . For how they snub conventional grammar and syntax , `` The Subterraneans , '' `` Big Sur , '' and `` Satori in Paris '' are dizzying . `` The Dharma Bums , '' however , expands into a commentary on Zen Buddhism through a sort of travelogue that chronicles Kerouac 's meditations and wanderings through nature . It 's a modernist adaptation of the works of the roaming poets of ancient Japan , most notable among them Matsuo Basho . Here Kerouac effortlessly glides past the preconceived notions of what form literature is supposed to take , and in so doing , with his melodic prosody , he renders a reading experience that is vivid and transcendent .
 Kerouac may be best known for On The Road , but this is by far my favorite of his books . Looking back , it has probably been the most influential book on my life . The story is just so honest and original and beautiful , it confirmed my desire to be a writer when I read it as a sophomore in high school . But not just a writer . It made me want to live my life without shackles , free like Kerouac 's character Japhy -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , climbing mountains and writing poetry . It captures the Boho 50 's era like no other , especially in the Bay Area . Finally , it inspired me to learn more about Buddhism and eventually spend a year in a Buddhist monastery . I 've never met someone who has read The Dharma Bums and has n't loved it . It 's one of the best books of the 20th century.By Jaimal Yogis , author ofSaltwater Buddha
 Kerouac may be best known for On The Road , but this is by far my favorite of his books . Looking back , it has probably been the most influential book on my life . The story is just so honest and original and beautiful , it confirmed my desire to be a writer when I read it as a sophomore in high school . But not just a writer . It made me want to live my life without shackles , free like Kerouac 's character Japhy -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , climbing mountains and writing poetry . It captures the Boho 50 's era like no other , especially in the Bay Area . Finally , it inspired me to learn more about Buddhism and eventually spend a year in a Buddhist monastery . I 've never met someone who has read The Dharma Bums and has n't loved it . It 's one of the best books of the 20th century.By Jaimal Yogis , author ofSaltwater Buddha
 I love all of Jack 's books , but this is possibly my favorite . I felt it was one of his most upbeat books . Buy this book and read it while standing on your head !
 Now in 2008 I 'm older then Kerouac ever became . But that 's not important . When I first read the book I was nineteen , now I 'm fifty nine . I still love the book and the writer and the characters . Of course Japhy and Han Shan and Ray . The search for wisdom , love , poetry , nature , living a pure life is from all times
 _ When I reread this book after so many years I found myself wondering if we were ever really like this . The innocence , the lack of pretention , the sincerity - it is so totally alien from what this society has become . Sure Jack Kerouac had his problems with booze and relationships , but at his core there was somehow this absolutely blinding glare of innocent purity . Here was a man whose primary concerns were always the meaning of life , the nature of god , the suffering of innocents , whether he was boozing it up in a bar , hopping a freight , or hold up in a look-out cabin on top of a mountain . Jack Kerouac was a true poet in a world were poetry was in abysmal decline both before and after . Jack Kerouac 's life was a spontaneous living poem - the dionysian poem of the living holy fool . _ This is my favorite of all Kerouac 's novels . I 've had people comment about how I must have patterned a huge part of my early life on this book . I remember thinking so too , except all my wandering and wondering took place before I even heard of Jack or his books ...
 The year 2007 marked the 50th anniversary of the publication of Jack Kerouac 's most famous novel , `` On the Road . '' The event received a great deal of attention with the publication of the original scroll edition of the text , a 50th anniversary commemorative edition , a compilation of five `` Road Novels '' by the prestigious Library of America , and several excellent books and articles about Kerouac.The interest in Kerouac -LRB- 1922 -- 1969 -RRB- continues.This year , 2008 , has seen the publication of Kerouac 's highly personal tribute to the Buddha written in 1955 , `` Wake up ! A Life of the Buddha '' together with an early novel , `` The Hippos were boiled in their Tanks '' , written with William Burroughs . With the 50th anniversary of `` The Dharma Bums '' Kerouac 's most popular novel after `` On the Road '' , this new commemorative hardback edition of the text has been issued with a short letter written in 1958 by novelist Henry Miller to the publisher in praise of Kerouac 's book and a previously published essay introducing the novel by Ann Douglas . The book is attractive and , here on Amazon , reasonably priced . Many paperback editions of this work are available and the Library of America 's collection , which includes `` The Dharma Bums '' may by the best choice of all . Nevertheless , this volume is a good choice for those readers who love this book or for the lover of Kerouac on your holiday list . The remainder of this review consists of my review on Amazon , with modifications , of an earlier edition of `` The Dharma Bums '' . Following the success of `` On the Road '' , Kerouac 's publishers initially rejected his manuscripts such as `` The Subterraneans '' and `` Tristessa . '' But his publisher asked him to write an accessible , popular novel continuing with the themes of `` On the Road . '' Kerouac responded with `` The Dharma Bums '' which was published late in 1958 . `` The Dharma Bums '' is more conventionally written that most of Kerouac 's other books , with short , generally clear sentences and a story line that is optimistic on the whole . With the exception of `` On the Road '' , `` The Dharma Bums '' remains Kerouac 's most widely read work . I had the opportunity to reread `` The Dharma Bums '' and came away from the book deeply moved.As are all of Kerouac 's novels , `` The Dharma Bums '' is autobiographical . It is based upon Kerouac 's life between 1956 -- 1957 -- before `` On the Road '' appeared and made Kerouac famous . The book focuses upon the relationship between Kerouac , who in the book is called Ray Smith and his friend , the poet Gary Snyder , called Japhy Ryder , ten years Kerouac 's junior . Kerouac died in 1969 , while Snyder is still alive and a highly regarded poet . Allen Ginsberg -LRB- Alvah Goldbrook -RRB- and Neal Cassady -LRB- Cody Pomeray -RRB- , among others , also are characters in the book . Most of the book is set in San Francisco and its environs , but there are scenes of Kerouac 's restless and extensive travelling by hitchiking , walking , jumping freight trains , and taking buses , as he visits Mexico , and his mother 's home in Rocky Mount , North Carolina during the course of the book.The strength of `` The Dharma Bums '' lies in its scenes of spiritual seriousness and meditation . During the period described in the book , Kerouac had become greatly interested in Buddhism . He describes himself as a `` bhikku '' -- a Buddhist monk -- and had been celibate for a year when the book begins . It is easy to underestimate Kerouac 's understanding of Buddhism . As with many authors , he was wiser in his writing that he was in his life . There is a sense of the sadness and changeable character of existence and of the value of compassion for all beings that comes through eloquently in `` The Dharma Bums . '' Smith and Ryder have many discussions about Buddhism -- at various levels of seriousness -- during the course of the novel . Ryder tends to use Buddhism to be critical of and alienated from American society and its excessive materialism and devotion to frivolity such as television . Smith has the broader vision and sees compassion and understanding as a necessary part of the lives of everyone . Smith tends to be more meditative and quiet in his Buddhist practice -- he spends a great deal of time in the book sitting and `` doing nothing '' while Ryder is generally active and on the go , hiking , chopping wood , studying , or womanizing . At the end of the book , he leaves for an extended trip to Japan . -LRB- He and Kerouac would never see each other again . -RRB- `` The Dharma Bums '' offers a picture of a portion of American Buddhism during the 1950s . It also offers a portrayal of what has been called the `` rucksack revolution '' as Smith and Ryder take to the outdoors . in In a lengthy and famous section of the book , they climb the `` Matterhorn '' in California 's Sierra Mountains . In the final chapters of the book , Kerouac spends eight isolated weeks on Desolation Peak in the Cascades as a fire watchman . In an ending reminiscent of the ending of `` On the Road '' , Kerouac writes : `` Now comes the sadness of coming back to cities and I ' e grown two months older and there 's all that humanity of bars and burlesque shows and gritty love , all upsidedown in the void , God bless them , but Japhy you and me forever we know , ' O ever youthful , O ever weeping ' . Down on the lake rosy reflection of celestial vapor appeared , and I said ` God , I love you '' and looked up to the sky and really meant it . ' I have fallen in love with you God . Take care of us all , one way or the other . `` For all his love of Buddhism , Kerouac remained a theist . He came back from his experience on Desolation Peak , he tells the reader , yearning for human company.Sexuality plays an important role in `` The Dharma Bums '' , against the backdrop of what is described as the repressed 1950 's , as young girls are drawn to Ryder and he willingly shares them with an initially reluctant Smith . The book includes scenes of wild parties tinged , for Smith , with sadness , in which people of both sexes dance naked , get physically involved , and drink heavily . Near the end of the book , Ryder offers Smith a prophetic warning the alcoholism which would shortly thereafter ruin Kerouac 's life . `` The Dharma Bums '' is a fundamentally American book and it is full of love for the places of America , for the opportunity it offers for spiritual exploration , and for its people . Kerouac 's compassion was hard earned . In his introduction to a later book , `` The Lonesome Traveller '' he aptly described his books as involving the `` preachment of universal kindness , which hysterial critics have failed to notice beneath frenetic activity of my true-story novels about the ` beat ' generation . -- Am actually not ` beat ' but strange solitary crazy Catholic mystic . '' I found a feeling of spirituality , of love of life in the face of vicissitudes , and of America in `` The Dharma Bums . '' The work was indeed a popularization . But Kerouac 's vision may ultimately have been broad.Robin Friedman
 I 've read criticism of this book that I found just did not hold water . Most who do n't care for it complain that there is a shadow of commercialism hanging over it because after the success of ON THE ROAD , his publisher asked specifically for something `` like ON THE ROAD '' and so he delivered THE DHARMA BUMS . As if this single fact -LRB- even if true , which I somehow doubt -RRB- has any bearing on the quality of the writing or the success of how Kerouac expressed the ideas within the work.To me , it is one of the most successful of Kerouac 's novels . The writing is extremely powerful and seems to echo after you put the book away . I also find it to be the most transporting of his books -- there is a feeling of almost being in some of the places he describes . In this way , as far as place , it 's more effective than his more well-known and widely admired pieces.This novel means a lot to me . It never fails to inspire me , and I often take a copy along when I go backpacking into a National Park or wilderness area .
 Jack Kerouac 's The Dharma Bums is a semi-autobiographical novel covering the lives of two exuberant Zen wanderers seeking illumination across America . The novel offers alternative lifestyles and incites personal examination . The book questions American customs and institutions and suggests living more monastically . Jack Kerouac 's The Dharma Bums was a masterpiece to the Beat Generation but its messages of self-discovery and personal growth are universal to all people.During Kerouac 's youth he experienced the plight of the lower-mid class firsthand in Lowell , Massachusetts . This roused his discontent for American society and interest in counterculture . Later , Kerouac joined the Navy but was insubordinate and honorably discharged . This would frame his resentment for forms of authority and instituted rules . He met Lucien Carr , Allen Ginsberg , William S. Burroughs , and Neal Cassady who together composed the underground Beat Movement . The Beats can be described as weary groups of people who encouraged freedom of expression and creativity . The Beats ideals were present in all of Kerouac 's work . He published numerous books but his two most famous works On the Road and The Dharma Bums would garner him national recognition . After 1961 Kerouac lived with his mother , no longer wrote , and died from years of alcoholism.The Dharma Bums has a straightforward semi-autobiographical plot . The story is of two inquisitive men Ray Smith -LRB- Jack Kerouac -RRB- and Japhy Ryder -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- who `` turn the wheel of the True Meaning , or Dharma , and gain merit for themselves as future Buddhas -LRB- Awakeners -RRB- and as future Heroes of Paradise '' -LRB- 5 -RRB- . They search for the truth of Zen . Then , Protagonist Ray Smith `` followed the whole gang of howling poets to the reading at Gallery Six '' -LRB- 13 -RRB- . This event is recorded in Kerouac 's life . This influential gathering of writers caused him to pursue writing . Next , Smith , Ryder , and Morley climb the Matterhorn Peak in California where the `` trail had a kind of immortal look to it '' -LRB- 61 -RRB- . The novel ends with Smith 's expedition to Desolation Peak where he lives isolated from people . These events are based Kerouac 's life when he was hired to be a fire lookout for the U.S. Forest Service and was alone for 63 days . Overall , Kerouac emphasizes observations and images instead of climactic plot events.Kerouac achieves multiple purposes . First and foremost , it spurs human reflection . Ray Smith says `` I promised myself that I would begin a new life '' -LRB- 77 -RRB- . Though this is a lofty idea the novel accomplishes the goal of having readers at least question or examine their current existence . Smith also confesses `` the world ai n't so bad , when you got Japhies '' -LRB- 71 -RRB- . This reinforces the possibility of transcendence and optimism . The auto-biographical fiction successfully brought reality and unreality together . The novel also elicits strong emotions and the writing is energetic . The book unified the Beat Generation and brought later counterculture movements of the 60 's together.Kerouac 's novel suggests many broad ideas . First , I think evidence in the book shows that people today should live more simply . Japhy highlights this point by being `` brought up in a log cabin deep in the woods ... an axman , farmer , interested in animals and Indian lore ... with idealistic tendencies '' -LRB- 9 -RRB- . Through this I think that American society 's negative standards of materialism , greed , and brutishness are exposed . A simpler spiritual life and personal-inquiry lead to higher truths and levels of humanity . Bohemian ideas are also presented . The `` howling poets '' -LRB- 13 -RRB- and healthy orgies '' -LRB- 34 -RRB- promote the freedom of aesthetics and expression . The overarching idea is that as long as people take initiative anything in life is possible.The book does have small flaws . Due to Ray Smith 's first person narration many of the characters true psychology is unclear . There was little background information . One change that may have strengthened the book as a whole would have been the insight of surrounding people outside the Zen Lunatics . The final imperfection was the general assumption that the allusions to Buddhism would be understood , more depth in these areas were needed.Kerouac 's command of language and tone impact the overall read . Kerouac developed his own language called `` spontaneous prose '' . Kerouac writes `` My breath was coming out in steams . I rolled over to my other ribs and slept more
 ... but I had to expound on that on account of all these bad reviews.If this book is not for you to get then that 's fine and it 's sad , but do n't be so angry -- coherence is n't everything . It 's the heart that makes Kerouac , the sailing , pounding , beautiful , soulful , angry , churning , palpable heart.And for those who worry that this is required scene material , the beat poets are dead , let them be . Read for yourself and its own rewards . That should be obvious ; now go , enjoy this epic soul journey .
 The Dharma Bums , by Jack Kerouac , follows Ray Smith , a character based on Kerouac himself , through an amazing physical and spiritual journey . In the story , Smith meets Japhy Ryder , an eccentric mountaineer who is fascinated by Eastern literature and religion . Japhy inspires Smith to begin his career as a meditating , rucksack-wielding ` Zen Lunatic ' . Smith is led to a deeper understanding of his Buddhist faith through scaling mountains , sleeping in silent deserts , and meditating for hours on end deep in the woods . He travels all over the United States , meeting innumerable different characters as he goes and learning more and more about the truths of existence itself.What shines through in The Dharma Bums is n't so much the plot of the story , but the way in which the story is told . Jack Kerouac has a knack for making the ordinary seem extraordinary , and impressing upon the reader how something seemingly mundane could impact him in a profound way . The narrative has a wide-eyed romance about it , making every experience Ray Smith has seem new and fresh . People , places , and events in the book are described with a prose that is practically poetry , painting a vivid picture in the reader 's mind . In reading The Dharma Bums , I was n't concerned as much with what happened as I was with how it happened.The Dharma Bums is n't a book that everyone would enjoy . Some would find it pointless or long-winded , or difficult to read . For someone who likes a lot of description and feeling in a book , however , I strongly recommend it . This book is also a necessity for any enthusiast of Beat literature , and even those interested in Buddhism would appreciate it as a serious philosophical work . To anyone else , The Dharma Bums is bound to add inspiration , excitement , and a new perspective to any open mind .
 This book absolutely changed my life -- had to get my car repaired one day , picked it up on a whim -- read the whole thing in one sitting at a mechanics shop drinking coffee swill -- they all thought I was crazy because and let out guffaws of disbelief every now and then and have to get up and walk out the door and pace , lost in thought -- Everybody I 've ever met who 's read Keruoac read `` On The Road '' first -- that IS NOT the book you read first by Kerouac -- `` Dharma Bums '' IS -- Why ? Dharma Bums style is much more straightforward and concise -- whereas `` on the road '' is much more rambling in nature -- you get bored with it sometimes -- Dharma Bums travels along at a good clip and is Jack at his most life-celebratory -- Kerouac is in this big mess of a life just like everybody else and he knows it -- realizes that everybody `` steps to their own drummer '' and does n't hold that against anyone -- he was concerned with freedom and living life -LRB- at least in his early life -RRB- -- he is n't trying to be a guru -- he just tells it like he sees it -- and , almost in spite of himself , what he sees is this slice of the beautifully rich infinity that surrounds us
 When I reread this book after so many years I found myself wondering if we were ever really like this . The innocence , the lack of pretention , the sincerity - it is so totally alien from what this society has become . Sure Jack Kerouac had his problems with booze and relationships , but at his core there was somehow this absolutely blinding glare of innocent purity . Here was a man whose primary concerns were always the meaning of life , the nature of god , the suffering of innocents , whether he was boozing it up in a bar , hopping a freight , or hold up in a look-out cabin on top of a mountain . Jack Kerouac was a true poet in a world were poetry was in abysmal decline both before and after . Jack Kerouac 's life was a spontaneous living poem - the dionysian poem of the living holy fool.This is my favorite of all Kerouac 's novels . I 've had people comment about how I must have patterned a huge part of my early life on this book . I remember thinking so too , except all my wandering and wondering took place before I even heard of Jack or his books ...
 This is a free-spirited energetic , descriptive , tale that was written just before the emerging 60s culture began to evolve and gain mainstream attention and followings . Kerouac lived and did what he wanted in this story -LRB- and mostly in his life . -RRB- His description of Berkeley and the folks he encountered was interesting , and is full of youth , freedom , and the desire to experience . This is a different read than `` On The Road , '' in the way it flows . His train hops up the west coast , jaunt to North Carolina , and the hike with Japhy , can make one ruminate . `` Raymond Smith '' was searching for some meaning to life in this book . This piece was written by Kerouac when he still had energy and life left in him . I 'd like to know a lot more about Gary Snyder , who is the character Japhy Ryder in the book . I believe he 's still alive . The Dhamra Bums goes on everyone 's shelf , with the Road , after you 've read The Road . Let it lure you to the Rucksack Revolution .
 On the Road , Kerouac 's other acknowledged masterpiece , was east coast , new york feel and about squeezing every ounce of sense , touch , smell and experience out of life . This is his west coast , buddhist , pre-hippie mirror of that more famous book . Suffused with eastern thought , nature and trends that were to overtake america a decade later , this book is every bit the equal of On the Road .
 It is not polished , but the rough gems are in there.If I were to distill my impressions of The Dharma Bums into a single sentence , that would be it.As On the Road was an ode to Kerouac 's friendship with Neal Cassady , The Dharma Bums is an ode to his friendship with Gary Snyder.For all his talk of bhikkus , Bodhisattvas and visions , what struck me as most authentically Buddhist was Kerouac 's sensitivity to the ever-passing moment , his desire to look deeply into moments that may seem insignificant and reveal the beauty , joy and peace in such simple occurrences . And with what relish he describes his meals , travels , fleeting meetings with other people , animals , and nature!On the other hand , I found Kerouac 's interpretation of Buddhism to be rather misguided at times . A bhikku is one who commits himself to monastic discipline -- in stark contrast to Ray Smith and Japhy Ryder , who were often chasing after pleasures of the flesh.No , it is not polished , but I would prefer to focus on what I appreciated about this book
 Published in 1958 , this book is a fascinating preview of the 1960 's . LikeOn the Road -LRB- Penguin Great Books of the 20th Century -RRB- it is based on Kerouac 's adventures in the late 1940 's and early 1950 's as he and his buddies helped create the counter-culture , migrating cross-country between bases in Greenwich Village and San Francisco . They hop freights as hobos -LRB- the end of that era -RRB- . They talk endlessly about Buddhist concepts -LRB- thus Dharma -RRB- . Kerouac is credited with inventing the phrase `` beat generation '' but his group disowned it when the press turned it into the pejorative `` beatnik , '' precursor of flower children and hippies . So , Jack and his buddies hang out in San Francisco , partying and backpacking . A good part of the book is an excellent stand-alone backpacking story . You can always spot Jack at the party
 The book is a fabulous adventure on the pre-hippy , vagabond Buddha trail . However , it is one man 's literary achievement . The author died from drinking too much booze for too long . So it 's best to treat the book as a wonderful read , and not a guide on how to live .
 After rereading this book as an adult I think I truly get it this time - Kerouac wrote this book about Gary Snyder -LRB- named Japhy Ryder here -RRB- and he learns a great deal from him . He tries to follow in his path , and he does to a certain extent , but the partying and the booze are his downfall.I read that after this book , years later , when Snyder returned from the monastery in Japan , Kerouac chose not to meet with him again `` I 'd be ashamed to confront ... Gary now I 've become so decadent and drunk and dontgiveashit . I 'm not a Buddhist any more . `` Sad ending for Jack . I think he realized this and hints at it throughout the novel.Also , I think that if Jack were around today he 'd definitely be an REI member - he was really into his gear , especially his rucksack .
 Known as one of Kerouac 's crown jewels , The Dharma Bums is a part self-biographical story about Ray Smith , a wandering , alcoholic , Buddhist poet who travels the USA looking for , well , whatever it is wandering , alcoholic , Buddhist poets look for when they travel around in search of something ; enlightenment , solitude , experience , peace . For someone like myself , who is well traveled , interested in spiritual practice , and at the same time a budding writer , this book was inspirational in many aspects , giving me the push to explore writing in various forms , and to try to break out of the box when it comes to thinking and experience.Some of his paragraphs stretch the boundaries of traditional sentence structure for sure -- but they still work . `` Then suddenly everything was just like jazz
 Most peaceful book I have ever read . Language you could fall in love with : `` I staggered up the hill , greeted by birds , and looked at all the huddled sleeping figures on the floor . Who were all these strange ghosts rooted to the silly little adventures of earth with me ? And who was I ? '' `` When I went back in the moonlight to my same old tree stump the world was like a dream , like a phantom , like a bubble , like a shadow , like a vanishing dew , like a lightning 's flash . `` As you read it , you feel that you have learned what the protagonist has learned , that you can see what he sees ... you become him , just simply serene .
 Kerouac may be best known for On The Road , but this is by far my favorite of his books . Looking back , it has probably been the most influential book on my life . The story is just so honest and original and beautiful , it confirmed my desire to be a writer when I read it as a sophomore in high school . But not just a writer . It made me want to live my life without shackles , free like Kerouac 's character Japhy -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , climbing mountains and writing poetry . It captures the Boho 50 's era like no other , especially in the Bay Area . Finally , it inspired me to learn more about Buddhism and eventually spend a year in a Buddhist monastery . I 've never met someone who has read The Dharma Bums and has n't loved it . It 's one of the best books of the 20th century.By Jaimal Yogis , author ofSaltwater Buddha
 This commemorative edition does not add much to the new Penguin Classic with cover art by `` Jason '' except a two-page letter by Henry Miller to the publisher . While representative of the New York-transplant-to-hip Northern California milieu that he shared with the Beats , readers may opt for the paperback instead . While a handsome hardcover , the paper appears no more or less durable than the paperback . A lesson in impermanence that the book 's contents may well repeat?Just before `` On the Road '' brought him the success he craved , Kerouac wrote this account of the `` Zen Lunatics '' and Gary Snyder 's prediction of a `` rucksack revolution . '' This is my first Beat book ; in middle age I admit lingering distrust of their sometimes condescending attitude towards the rest of us.That being said , this novelization may make the young feel vigorous and the mature wistful . Hearing `` Japhy Ryder '' gush about bulgar and yabyum , green tea and trail mix , baked bread and paisley shawls , Goodwill and hi-fi jazz before the massive commodification of counterculture filters the innocence of these early free spirits from Eisenhower 's decade into a muted sepia . It 's instructive , as Ann Douglas notes in her introduction , that `` Ray '' as Kerouac strives towards a greater sympathy than Snyder-as-Japhy expresses with the `` straights '' who must , after all , fund the hikes and the naps of the Beats . There 's a sense of slumming , by these two students wanting to imitate a `` bhikku , '' a dharma bum . Japhy in real life 's Reed-Indiana-Berkeley , Ray 's author a scholarship-dropout from Columbia , allied with other privileged folks from the Ivy League and NYC bohemia . I do n't know why , but there 's an aura of play-acting and noblesse-oblige irritating me about their admirable but somehow smug quest . Blame it on Berkeley?Ray appears , to his eternal credit , aware at least of the contradiction between a Zen lunatic lording his insight over the unenlightened crew-cut and bee-hived masses and his own self struggling , who down on his luck has to go back to North Carolina to live off his kinfolk . Some of the best moments in this book come when Ray tells of his tramps by train and hitchhiking.Apropos , this book was written in ten days and nights at his mother 's place in Florida . As his fictional self , Ray ponders the contradiction between the San Francisco party scene of dissolute intellectuals and his family , unable to comprehend Ray 's notions and his lazy habits . `` And I thought of Japhy as I stood there in the cold yard looking at -LCB- his mother as she does the dishes -RSB-
 As bad as it may sound I had not heard of Jack Kerouac until very recently . In my defense he died a year before I was born and although I have always been a reader it took until now for my reading interests to expand and give me this opportunity . I am enjoying Dharma Bums a lot as it speaks of things that are just as important today as they were when it was written like living a simple life is more free than living a consumer driven one . I have even started looking into Jack to know more on who he was and those he references in the book -LRB- look online to find who the real people are compared to the character names ; one being Poet , author Gary Snyder -RRB- . I also plan on buying the book `` on the Road '' scroll version which is the recomended version .
 This was the first Karouac book i 've read and it is still my absolute favorite book . I loved the journey he took and the people he met . it gave me a whole new outlook on life through his interaction with the many interesting people he has met.this book takes you on an amazing journey up and down from a mountain top to L.A. Each problem being encountered with a great outlook on life . this is a must read for anyone interested in amazing spiritual and physical journeys .
 This book , by far , is the best of all Kerouac put into one . I greatly enjoyed On The Road -LRB- I read it four times in a span of 3 months -RRB- but Dharma Bums definitely takes the cake . This masterpiece reeks of Kerouac ; superb and exciting storyline , upBEAT characters and fast paced action , wonderful poetic imagery as well as fanatstic humoristic moments . This is a Kerouac gem and anyone who digs Jack should definitely get their hands on this one , even it comes down to selling a kidney or what not . A literary masterpiece !
 read it . it will make you a better human being . it will give you a soul . and , do n't ever look back again .
 there is n't much i can say about the book , like _ on the road _ you almost have to read it yourself . but it is inspiring -- it moves you , opens you . it leaves me speechless .
 In * Dharma Bums * we see the brave , forceful beginnings of the `` counter-culture '' in America . The `` drop-out '' lifestyle is presented by Kerouac , its major early prophet , as a quazi-monastic quest to break free of the dullness and predictability of '50s middle class society , choose one 's own values and discover a deep conncetion between the self and Nature . A strong analogy is drawn at every opportunity between America 's young rebels and the wandering holy men of other cultures who also advocated independence and simple living .
 `` The Dharma Bums '' is an excellent follow-up to Jack Kerouac 's famous second novel , `` On the Road , '' a must-read for all Kerouac fans . Pay special attention to the infamous mountain climb by Kerouac , Gary Snyder , and John Montgomery -- lots of great imagery , language , and central themes of life there . This book changed my life forever . It also contains the famous poetry reading -LRB- where Allen Ginsberg read `` Howl '' -RRB- at 6 Gallery in San Francisco -LRB- Oct. 7 , 1955 -RRB- .
 everyone with an open mind should read this book . this was the first kerouac book i ever read , and it spoke to me , told me that i needed to simplify my life -- get back to the books , the writing , etc. etc. most importantly , it taught me that all is nothing , which has delivered me . if you 've never read kerouac , i strongly suggest you start with this .
 If there were a more enlightened journey , show me the way ! Doubt so . This is the quintessential reading for anyone who wish to sample the beauty of Kerouac 's writing . The marrow is not in the destination , but the journey , the trip . Latch on to god 's finger , kiss it , and when you feel like it , let go and see where you land !
 Kerouac gives us a personal view of the Zen Buddahist . The thoughts and teachings can help any reader take personal inventory on their own life . This book is Jack Kerouac 's masterpiece , because he makes you look inside yourself .
 After reading Dharma Bums , do n't be surprised if you find yourself climbing a mountain ... and then run back down it as fast as you can !
 Better than ` On The Road ' -LRB- not putting it down -RRB- . This is a truly amazing book . If you are hesitating about buying it , I assure you it will be money very well spent . You ca n't help but love this guy ; he possesses the most beautifully innocent , intelligent , honest mind . Pack your bag and head for the hills . Read all of his books .
 I read this book every couple of years . It gives me a fresh view of things around me after I read it . It paints a vivid picture of the days he was writing about , and reading it is like being there for a moment . Kerouac shows a lot about himself in the book also . Each time I read it , it is as vivid and as new.This is a good book to read if you are looking for what Kerouac 's books are like . It 's a quick read and I recommend it .
 Dahrma Bums by Jack Kerouac has forever changed my life . It has tauhgt me that life is a valuable thing that should not be wasted . Wasted with worries , work , materialistic pre-occupations , and with how others may perceive you . Dahrma Bums is an eye opener . It totally blew me away . Go out and get and live your life .
 I read THE DHARMA BUMS while driving a truck and living on a little farm with my parents . I got up every morning well before dawn and read the novel till I had to drive to the construction site . No novel except THE CATCHER IN THE RYE or HEART OF DARKNESS so moved me . Many of the things the author did with his friend , I did on my own and with my best friend . I felt that I was reading the words of a brother . I recommend this book to anyone who loves great , original , and real solid writing .
 the Bums is an amazing account of the spiritual journey of a struggling catholic -- become part of the `` rucksack revolution '' described by Japhy Ryder -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- in the work -- do not let yourself become one of the living room zombies ! the book itself is a great read that will keep all interested , mainly because it is true . well , hope you enjoy the work ! PEACE .
 Kerouac goes mountain climbing in the Sierras with buddies , gets job in Washington as fire lookout on Desolation peak , spends time in the jazz bars of San Francisco , drinks too muchand talks of his life , its significance -LRB- none for him -RRB- , andthe meaninglessness of life in general ... A great book !
 Rereading the Dharma Bums after probably a ten-year hiatus , I am struck by how foreign the beatniks seem to us today and how that impression must have been magnified tenfold for the Leave It To Beaver folks whom we are told ran the country back in the fifties . Then again Ray , Kerouac 's protagonist , hitchhiked back and forth across America and found a surprising degree of tolerance if not admiration from the people stopping to give him a ride . Maybe that 's just the nature of people on the move or maybe America was n't really 100 % homogenous like the beats and the flower children who followed them claimed.It would do `` the kids today '' good to read this book . I 'll wager at least half of them wo n't get past the poetic language with which Kerouac writes his alleged prose . For the texting generation , Kerouac might as well be Shakespeare . A quick read fails to fully appreciate the music in his words . Slow down and enjoy.For those willing to embrace this new language , a world governed by thought , belief , emotion , experience , appreciation for nature and attention to basic human needs is unveiled ; a world plunked down in the midst of the newborn consumer-driven American society governed by brands , advertising , the lure of `` convenience , '' and the first hesitant salvos of pop culture . Kerouac 's characters are as well-versed in Buddhism as the Middle America folks they meet are fluent in Christianity . For an introduction to American Zen Buddhism as it emerged in the beat culture of the fifties and early sixties , read Alan Watt 's The Way of ZenThe Way of Zenand then read The Dharma Bums , looking up and studying every reference to Buddhism you do n't understand . It 's on my list of things to do , along with hiking to Desolation Peak . If you ever listened to the Doors and did n't understand why Jim Morrison sang `` the West is the best , '' read The Dharma Bums and then Steinbeck 's Cannery RowCannery Row
 Jack Kerouac wrote this story about his youthful days as an ebullient Zen Buddhist and rucksack hitchhiker in the 60 's . His alias in the book is Raymond Smith , and he is living in a shack in Berkley , CA with his good friend Alvah Goldbook . Ray meets a Zen Lunatic named Japhy Ryder -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , and together they travel the wilderness of Central California where they recite poetry , drink wine , meditate , make haikus about every natural object , while trying to find themselves and seek the true meaning of life as beatniks . Ray Smith also criss-crosses the country again , home for the holidays , and then back to Berkeley . While at home he wanders through forest time and again , to center himself with nature and his surroundings , meditating there through the cold months like a real Buddhist Monk.I was surely impressed by this book . I even jotted down many meaningful Buddhist passages and quotes that Kerouac mentioned in the novel This work of literature by Kerouac is less `` experimental '' in literary terms compared to something like `` Satori in Paris '' by Kerouac . For those of you who have not had any past experience with Kerouac 's writing style this will not be of any difficulty . The language is simple , the prose is right to the point , and there is hardly a bit of surrealism . Many of the sections are quite humorous because of the quirkiness and new ideas on Buddhism that are slipped in between the sentences , along with predictable scenes of the beatnik life hood -LRB- drug use and slang -RRB- . Ray Smith purely goes about making light comments about life without being the author 's speaker . This is a positive and heart fulfilling youthful adventure that displays immense compassion .
 This is probably one of the best samplers of the religious beliefs and lifestyle experimentation as practiced by the Beats . This so-called novel is actually another one of Kerouac 's mini-autobiographies , in which he is calling himself Ray Smith . His good friend Japhy Ryder in the story is based on Kerouac 's real-life cohort Gary Snyder . Rather repetitively , Ray , Japhy , and their fellow slackers spend much of the story getting drunk and discussing the very elementary Beat religion , which was merely a fractured collection of misunderstood Buddhism , counter-cultural irony , and a little under-utilized anarchism . Sure it was a weak `` religion '' but here it is for all to dig . We also learn a lot about how to live the unconventional life of a drifter , which may still be possible in a few isolated corners of America . The end of the story is a very impressive treatise on communing with nature and is the true treasure of this book , though it reveals a strange obsession with Gary/Japhy . This installment of Kerouac 's philosophy is n't quite mind-blowing , but it can still be an enlightening read in this day and age . -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 I read Kerouac 's novel The Dharma Bums & I must say I liked it very much ! The story is about two young men as they set out in search of truth . They are Ray Smith and Japhy Ryder -LRB- Jack Kerouac & Gary Snyder -RRB- . These two meet up in San Francisco , California at Berkeley . They attend a bohemian party and poetry jamming -LRB- The Gallery Six Reading -RRB- . This was the beat generation of the 50s & 60s . Japhy Ryder liked reading Zen books such as Diamond Sutra and also works by D.T.Suzuki . He was seeking his Bodhisattvas in everyone he met . Japhy would often quote Buddha
 This is an absolute must for anyone who 's found that KerouacKnows ... Mix a bit of Buddha in with his wild prose andinnate fondness for cheap wine and wandering -- then throwit around the skies of North America -- you 've got the realjourneyman 's bible . On the Road did start the whole thing ; no denying . But this is where Jack shines and shows it allall all , When he 's writing his Golden Scriptures in the snowand just being in a way we 've forgotten how . Kerouac IS theTeacher , and if you pick this spiritual textbook up you willstart to see everything that 's been on your soul.The man can tell you where he and his brothers and thereforehumanity took the turns . When you flip through this book ona rainy afternoon of your own Dharma discovery EVERY page ismaking you agree . You 'll yes your way through and stopwishing for the answers . Close your eyes and dive into hismadman 's world of angels on Mountaintops and in the citystreets ... I Know you wo n't regret.Holy .
 The middle is good when he talks about hitchin rides with big goofy Texans and then sittin in the woods in the middle of the night meditatin with the dogs in North Carolina.The other stuff is good , but I did n't finish the book because it 's also a little stupid . Ray writes like a little kid would about a great baseball player he wishes he could become . Japhy teaches him about Han Shan , about women who take their clothes off when he asks them to and about scaling big mountains . I think if I saw Japhy comin toward me on his bicycle , I 'd turn and run as fast as I could back to my room and lock the door . I do n't think he 's in his right mind a lot of the time , so taking precautions would be good.If Ray is so enlightened , why does he have to drink wine all the time and sleep in a bag ? Oh well , he 's a good writer , even a great writer sometimes , but I think I could write a better book . First , I 'd organize it better and check my grammar better . Then , some of the phrases Ray uses sound real good , but do n't really make sense you know . And I do n't know why he puts his and Japhy 's haiku poems in the story when Han Shan 's are so much better . I think they both should stop reading Chinese books for awhile and do their homework.I 'd buy the book though and make all of my friends read it . Then , I think I 'd go to China or New Jersey and roam around for the rest of my life eatin pork an beans out of the can and tryin not to pee on anybody 's campfire.Mr . Kerouac has a very good sense of humor I think and would like to love people more if he could -LRB- if they 'd let him , maybe -RRB- and I 'm sorry that he had to die so young and sad and all . But , I can say from experience that it 's not the best idea to live with your mother .
 A great Read ... enjoy .
 The opening pages of the Dharma Bums contain the most inventive , bodacious , interesting prose in Amercian letters . Who else could even dream of weaving St. Therese , compassionate Bhuddist wisdom , democratic , open road visions , the Mind of God , in a beautiful , fluent rush of prose ? This is Kerouac , the pure writer !
 A more laid back series of tales from the life of Jack Kerouac . Very relaxing , unlike `` On the Road '' . Makes you want to go climb a mountain .
 Great read . If you have something mote profound to read I would suggest that . All in all a great story though .
 Needed this for a college class and money was tight and not having to pay the bookstore price really helped . Thank you .
 Length :
 Stylistically and idealogically its Kerouac through and through . The idea of living a truly free life and one without boundaries truely provoked a lot of thought for me personally . It makes you want to be one of Ray and Japhy 's friends ; to go find a shack to live in and really exist in what may be the only best way to exist , free of material incarceration . I recommend this book to be read by young adults everywhere . Not all will be opened to a new way of thought and what really matters in this world but some will and it could possibly change their life for the better by not being wrapped around society 's focus on material possession as symbols of achievement .
 ... This is the book that saved me from a career in Accounting ! ... after reading this at 17 ... I took off on my first hitch-hiking trip , adventured some -LRB- then some ! -RRB- , lost my virginity , gotpublished in the poetry rags ... and have n't looked back since ! ... hell , I 'm still reading the damn thing30 years later ! ... like I said , THE BOOK THAT RUINED MY LIFE ! ... praise the LORD ! ...
 this book is one of my favorite kerouac novels . with each new reading i find something more insightful than the time before.the book has a mixture of catholic and zen buddhist terms and ideas all expounded by a hobo boddhisattva named ray smith . smith finds friendship with a find assortment of zen lunatics most notably the protaganist japhy ryder , who becomes a buddhist icon of sorts to smith . the first reading of the book one is impressed with the holy wander smith . but with subsequent readings i found that kerouac really intended to make smith more of a buddhist bumbler and those he encountered actually his wise teachers . percieving the novel in this light makes one appreciate kerouac 's genius as a novelist . but to really appreciate what kerouac speaks of in the novel one should also read kerouac 's desolation angels and some of the dharma . these two books will further enlighten the reader on the power of kerouac the spiritual writer .
 If you 're new to Jack Kerouac , this might be the place to start . Many people 's first introduction to Kerouac is On The Road . While I love On The Road , I 've read pretty much all of Kerouac 's novels , and I have to say that The Dharma Bums is my favorite.Indeed , I loved the book enough to write a companion reader for it -LRB- The Beat Handbook
 Man , I do n't know where to start . `` The Dharma Bums '' is a masterpiece of the Beat Generation and a novel I will not soon forget . After The Loser 's Club by Richard Perez , this is the best book I 've read all year.Jack Kerouac wrote this story about his days as a Zen Buddhist and rucksack wanderer . His alias in the book is Raymond Smith , and he is living in Berkley with his good buddy Alvah Goldbook -LRB- Allen Ginsburg -RRB- . Ray meets a Zen Lunatic named Japhy Ryder -LRB- Gary Snyder -RRB- , and together they travel the mountains and pastures of Central California trying to find themselves and find the true meaning of life . Ray also journies to Desolation Peak in Washington and lives there alone for the summer , which is just another chapter to this amazing piece of literature.Another part of this book that impressed me was the beginning , when Kerouac wrote about his experience at the San Francisco Poetry Renaissance , and spoke of Alvah Goldbook 's first reading of his poem `` Wail '' , which in reality was Allen Ginsburg 's legendary first reading of `` Howl '' , which to this day is a Beat Literature classic.While reading this book , I was constantly marking lines and passages , because some of the descriptions and poetry Kerouac included in this novel are simply amazing . `` The Dharma Bums '' is one of those books I will treasure forever and read over and over again .
 If you found `` On The Road '' left you desperate for more of Kerouac 's energetic prose , then this is perhaps the best next step . It is a lot more reflective , and this , combined with Kerouac 's trademarked humble narrator allows real engagment with a book that deals with something worth writing about . It deals with mountain climbing , outdoor parties , groovy beat people and all the other unattainable , idealistic Kerouac things , but this is laced with fragments of Bhuddism , in the attitudes of the characters , their reflection in the freedom of the mountain experience , and the general escapism that provides so much of Bhuddism 's popular appeal - it a sort of diet `` Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintainance '' . It 's really good - I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it . It 's also less `` experimental '' in literary terms , meaning here Kerouac is simply conveying a story without trying to re-invent the wheel . In many ways , this is a good introduction to Kerouac . The language is simple ; it 's also technically a much simpler novel than say `` The Subterraneans '' or `` Dr. Sax , '' even `` On the Road . '' Kerouac is not pushing the envelope of invention , here . But with all that I must say it 's a wonderful book ; it 's also -LRB- dare I say -RRB- Kerouac 's most `` innocent '' and sweetest book . There 's a disarming earnestness and youthfulness at play in `` Dharma Bums , '' which reminds of a recent Amazon pick I enjoyed `` The Losers Club '' by Richard Perez . In any event , do n't miss this great book !
 I first met Kerouac in the early 70s , when I was finishing my sentence in college . He inspired me to actually go on the road and hitch hike across the country several times -LRB- something I would no longer recommend -RRB- . I learned about America through Jack . Dharma Bums taught me that there was another side to thought and life than the ones I had been living . While he himself was self destructive , I have incorporated many of his philosophies thorughout my lfe , and continue to search for truth and beauty , even while amid lies and ugliness . Trying to explain Dharma Bums and its philosophies to my teenage daughter is a trip . She just looks at me as though I 'd lost my mind , which I no doubt did years ago when I first ran in to the stories of Kerouac . It 's sad to think that the ideas and lifestyles he enshrines are dying out , if not dead all ready . Anyone looking for a boost into the beat world , or an explanation for what made it so `` in '' 50 years ago would best be advised to read Dharma Bums , and On The Road . Nuff said .
 Just before `` On the Road '' brought him the success he craved , Kerouac wrote this account of the `` Zen Lunatics '' and Gary Snyder 's prediction of a `` rucksack revolution . '' This is my first Beat book ; in middle age I admit lingering distrust of their sometimes condescending attitude towards the rest of us.That being said , this novelization may make the young feel vigorous and the mature wistful . Hearing `` Japhy Ryder '' gush about bulgar and yabyum , green tea and trail mix , baked bread and paisley shawls , Goodwill and hi-fi jazz before the massive commodification of counterculture filters the innocence of these early free spirits from Eisenhower 's decade into a muted sepia . It 's instructive , as Ann Douglas notes in her introduction , that `` Ray '' as Kerouac strives towards a greater sympathy than Snyder-as-Japhy expresses with the `` straights '' who must , after all , fund the hikes and the naps of the Beats . There 's a sense of slumming , by these two students wanting to imitate a `` bhikku , '' a dharma bum . Japhy in real life 's Reed-Indiana-Berkeley , Ray 's author a scholarship-dropout from Columbia , allied with other privileged folks from the Ivy League and NYC bohemia . I do n't know why , but there 's an aura of play-acting and noblesse-oblige irritating me about their admirable but somehow smug quest . Blame it on Berkeley?Ray appears , to his eternal credit , aware at least of the contradiction between a Zen lunatic lording his insight over the unenlightened crew-cut and bee-hived masses and his own self struggling , who down on his luck has to go back to North Carolina to live off his kinfolk . Some of the best moments in this book come when Ray tells of his tramps by train and hitchhiking.Apropos , this book was written in ten days and nights at his mother 's place in Florida . As his fictional self , Ray ponders the contradiction between the San Francisco party scene of dissolute intellectuals and his family , unable to comprehend Ray 's notions and his lazy habits . `` And I thought of Japhy as I stood there in the cold yard looking at -LCB- his mother as she does the dishes -RSB-
 A few decades down the road from its publication , Jack Kerouac 's The Dharma Bums seems positively prophetic . The book tells of Kerouac 's adventures with his Beat-Generation bohemian cohorts in '50s America , and we can see how they and other hipsters of the time paved the way for the social and cultural revolutions of the following decades.Originally published in 1958 , the book covers events in Kerouac 's life between September '55 and August ' 56 . At the time , he had a rucksuck full of much praised yet still unpublished writings , and was soon to ride the whirlwind of fame that would be generated by the publication of On The Road . He was also trying to follow the path of Buddhism while shaking the demons of melancholy and booze , at a time when cocktails were served at business lunches and few in America had ever heard of `` Zen , '' let alone the Dalai Lama.There 's not much to the plot
 I enjoyed this novel . It seems very much a story of ideas rather than a conventional story with a plot . While I 'd heard of this book , it was interesting to finally read 47 years after publication . The description of wilderness and hiking was exceptionally well done . I found some of the Buddhist levels confusing because they were unfamiliar to me . But I appreciated the idea of `` emptiness . '' To have a way of observing life and appreciating its beauty as well as its pain creates a context from which experience can be treasured for its cosmic connectedness , even as it zooms by for we humans with a lightning-fast pace . I was unaware that part of the novel was set in North Carolina . It added immediacy for me to the story . I could readily relate to the pine forests of our lovely state and Ray 's family 's attitudes . The two main characters of Ray & Japhy were interesting foils . Ray 's search seemed to bring him satisfaction . Japhy 's exit to Japan left the ending chapters on Desolation Mountain with Ray 's solitary search more reflections than a traditional conclusion of a plot . The book breezes by with fewer than 200 pages and immerses you totally in a non-materialistic value system which was a refreshing place to visit . Happy trails !
 This is the book that lured me into the world of kerouac . I had previously read `` On the Road , '' which was excellent , but I feel no match for `` the Dharma Bums . '' This book changed my life . It changed the way that i thought . Kerouac introduces the reader to his experiences and beliefs through his novels ; they are mostly semi-autobiographical . Before this novel consumed me , i had no notion of Buddhism . In retrospect this has been the single most influential thing that I have been exposed to . This book is just a starting point for a Kerouac fan . I recommend that you follow this book with Kerouac 's `` Desolation Angels . '' Simple , and yet so satisfying literature . I have not really encountered any other writers who are so beloved , so beautiful and poetic in few and simple jazz talk and random amusing European literary name dropping . Pick this one up , maybe it will change your life too !
 Kerouac is now the book that should be in the hands of all the youth that want to have an orientation on life . Japhy Ryder is now the man , and Ray is the way to get through this pathetic world.This author really came to give me a light in my sad life .
 This is a great book for anyone who is interested in reading a book about the Beats . Kerouac 's sense of humanity and ability to put it down on paper is amazing . Read this book if it 's the only Kerouac book you will ever read ! You wo n't be sorry !
 Yes , `` On The Road '' gets all the attention , but this follow-up work is by far his most gorgeous and uplifting ... from sleeping on the beach to climbing a mountain , to the flowering of his Buddhist consciousness , Jack really takes the reader with him . Filled with plenty of movement , bohemian idealism with Ginsberg and Snyder , self-discovery , joy , etc , this is simply where Jack shows himself as most fully alive and in love with the magic of experience . `` Dharma Bums '' soars as high as `` Big Sur '' dives to the depths of agony . Read this book , and you WILL feel the beauty of life without anchors .
 While `` On the Road '' remains the quintessential Kerouac , `` The Dharma Bums '' at times reaches even loftier heights of spontaneous prose brilliance . Simply put , this book is kicking . It sometimes explodes with lyrical fireworks ; other times it slinkily floats with the ease of cool jazz . A must-read for Beatniks who 've discovered Jacky 's brilliance , or those just looking for a little literary buzz .
 Many fans of Kerouac adore On the Road , but feel that it 's missing something . On the Road lacks a certain sensitivity and does not give enough credit to the potential of human interaction . In The Dharma Bums , Kerouac fills in the gaps of On The Road , with stunning prose that sometimes portrays a subtle , serence atmosphere and sometimes knocks the reader over . A must read for fans of the Beats , or anyone in any way interested in Buddhism .
 I have been to California and the Sierra Nevada Mountains , but after reading this thought provoking novel I realized I have never been there . Before I was just going through the motions of a tourist . Now when I go back -LRB- hopefully this Summer -RRB- I am really going to experience the beauty of the mountains and nature . This novel stirred up some very powerful emotions inside of me such as living life how I want to live it , not how everybody else wants me to live it -LRB- Up to this point in my life I am not sure I have been doing that -RRB- . If it was not currently Winter I would be heading toward the American West with my rucksack , ready to climb the mountain . Read this novel I guarantee you it will be a rewarding experience .
 The Dharma Bums by Jack Kerouac *** 1/2Both uplifting and boring . Kerouac 's Dharma Bums was always one of his novels that depending on my current state I either like it or was bored . Reading this on a plane ride to Los Angeles , California it left me cold.As always the book feels positive and is writing with excellent style , passion , and literary craftsmanship . It is inspiring and refreshing to read a piece about someone in search of bettering their spirituality while still being able to not pass judgement on others.That is all great , but honestly this lags . The extent of detail placed on minor things that really do n't effect the plot by any stretch create boring passages . This is the only Kerouac that ever bored me and it bores me to no extent.While he wrote from his own experiences it seems to me that he sometimes became lost in something that was really only interesting to him at the time . As honest and heartfelt as that is that does n't make it any more entertaining .
 Jack Kerouac is one of those artists , musicians , or writers who I get really into for a while , then do n't occupy my time with their works , but always come back to them at some point . I read On the Road around 6-7 years ago and afterward quickly read Big Sur and Visions of Girard . Over the past few years though , I thought maybe I had grown out of him . So when my Dad recently gave me a City Lights gift certificate for Christmas , I made a mental note that I 'd like to see if I still liked Jack Kerouac or not . I found a neat copy of The Dharma Bums that I had never seen before , so I grabbed it.Dharma Bums is my favorite Kerouac book so far . As with On the Road , I found his writing to be very evocative ; scenery , places , but especially the people Jack comes across in his adventures really come to life . As with his other works , Kerouac calls refers to himself by another name , and in The Dharma Bums he is known as Ray Snyder . The other protagonist is Zen poet Gary Snyder , or Japhy Ryder as he is known here . Dharma Bums starts off `` Ray '' and `` Japhy '' and friends hanging out in the Bay Area , and recounts the now-legendary night Allen Ginsburg first recited `` Howl '' during the heyday of the `` San Francisco Renaissance . '' He also briefly goes over an odd sort of orgy at Japhy 's Berkeley house , where all Ray felt comfortable doing was licking some girl 's elbows and arms . I have to admit I had just come home from a happy hour when I read the first 30 pages , so that part is kind of fuzzy in my memory.Following this , the book recalls their trip up the Matterhorn , a large mountain in California 's Sierra Nevada mountain range . This was the highlight of the book for me . I felt like I was right there with Ray , Japhy , and their friend Morley who forgot to bring a sleeping bag for the freezing trek , but insisted on bringing an air mattress for him to sleep on . One thing about Kerouac 's book is that you can really tell he loves the company of his friends and people he meets on the road . I ca n't ever recall reading a bad thing about anyone in any of his books . I think a large part of the reason I like reading his books so much is that I appreciate his sincere joy he finds from people and nature . Others might call it navet&eacute; , but bullocks to them.Following the Matterhorn expedition , Ray leaves to visit his Mom in North Carolina . He hops trains , takes the bus , and hitchhikes across the country . There 's the guy from Ohio he meets near the Mexican border , and the fun they have when they make an excursion across the border . In North Carolina one gets the sense that Ray is n't appreciated by his family that much . He tries to explain Buddhism and they laugh him off . I could n't help but feel bad for him . His mom seems nice , but she is never really developed that well.Every day he went into the woods to meditate and cavort with the animals . I think that 's probably what I would be doing too.After his return to CA , he is about to take a summer job as a fire lookout in Washington State 's Desolation Peak , on Japhy 's recommendation . Likewise , Japhy is about to head to Japan to live at a Buddhist monastery . Being Ray and Japhy however , you know there has to be some serious partying before they leave . They are staying in Corte Madera , and there are wild parties every night , usually involving copious amounts of alcohol and people dancing naked . Japhy and Ray sneak out a few days before Japhy is scheduled to leave , and go on a final trek through Marin County wilderness . Japhy leaves and everyone is sad.The final part of TDB is Ray making his way up to Washington . The strangers he meets are usually nice , with the exception of the Oregon cowboy who purposely runs over Ray 's hat on the road . He briefly covers his time as a fire lookout , but I 'm sure Desolation Angels goes into much more detail . That will be the next Kerouac book I read . There are a lot of Buddhist themes , prayers , and sayings throughout the book -LRB- hence the title . -RRB- While that might turn some readers off , I enjoyed it . Buddhism is something that has interested me for quite some time . It 's sad that Jack did n't find what he was looking for . The bottle turned out to be his salvation - and demise .
 I read this years ago before going to Rome for the first time . Elizabeth Bowen 's writing style is beautiful and evocative of the setting . A wonderful book to savor on the way there . And to treasure time and time again .
 This book is a must for any Christian library , A. A. Hodge lays out in wonderful and understandable form a systematic thinking toward God . Each chapter broke down into understandable and easy to comprehend form . From chapter 1 `` Christian theology ; its several branches ; and their relation to other departments of human knowledge . '' To chapter 43 `` the Lord 's supper '' Mr. Hodge brings theology to life . A must in my opinion for any pastor , teacher or individual who wants to further their knowledge of the Father , Son and Holy Ghost . The explanation of Angels and the rise and fall of Satan are well explained .
 This is THE definitive book on Reformed Presbyterian theology . Hodge is strong not only in what he explains , but also how he explains it . Each section is divided into questions , as if someone was interviewing Hodge . He then answers each question in a very logical , ordered manner , giving the reader a very clear perception of each particular concept . Hodge leaves nothing uncovered , but rather touches on a very wide spectrum of Reformed theology , and every time his argument is succinct and backed with scripture . Everyone interested in theology , clergy or lay-person , should read this book to gain a deeper understanding of what the Reformed persuasion believes and why .
 This book is basically a blue print for a happier less stressfull life . It is guaranteed to help you improve your relationships with those you love . I have read it . I do not want to give away my copy . I want to buy six copies to circulate within my family . I wish it would be republished .
 This book has changed my life . It opened my eyes about how we think ourselves into misery . I 'm want to buy copies to away give to people in my life .
 I read the first edition of this book when it was still titled `` Understanding '' in 1992 . It made a huge difference in my life at that time . After re-reading the book last week , I realized just how much of an impact this book has had on the quality of my life over the past 10 years.I 'm on Amazon today to purchase 10 more copies to give to friends as presents in the hopes that they will find the simple tools and concepts provided in this book as effective and life changing as I have . Thank you Jane , for opening my eyes to the beauty of life and for giving me practical tools for eliminating stress and negative thoughts .
 King Solomon tells us in Ecclesiastes that there is nothing new under the sun . All that has come before will come again . Whenever we think we 've uncovered something new about ourselves or the world , all we need do is look to history to set us straight.Ken Bazyn , editorial director of the Religious Book Club , offers an insightful look at history in The Seven Perennial Sins and Their Offspring . In this readable , yet intricate work , he gives us a literary , religious and philosophical perspective on the seven `` perennial '' or `` root-sins ''
 A very well written and insightful book . Bazyn uses an impressive number of examples from the Bible , other sacred texts , and literature , to make his points . Because of this , the book might seem overwhelming to someone who is not well-read . On the other hand , Bazyn 's writing is accessible and easy to understand . The book offers good and practical advice for living a better life . My only disappointments were one or two isolated comments by Bazyn which I feel downplay the evil of abortion .
 I was pleased with my purchase . The books arrived in excellent condition and in a timely manner . Thank You .
 This book is a must for anyone who longs for the glory days of the hollywood bombshell . It features stars , pin-up girls , and strippers from the 1940 's to 1960 's . Each woman has a complete biography that includes the films she was in , the magazines she appeared in , and any other relevant media in which one might be interested . The author has even gone to the trouble of letting you know who was still alive at the time of printing which is something I always wonder about when I 'm reading up on famous faces of the past . The book is chock full of pictures in both color and black and white . The book is very beautiful and quite informative .
 Being 41 years old now , I missed the majority of these women when they were in their heyday . But this is the book which introduced me to Bettie Page back in 1998 . She is the cream of the crop . I did n't know who she was before I picked up this book , but now I am hooked for life . Nice reference book with detailed biographies . I recommend this highly . It 's a classy and well done .
 Few have covered the era of the pin-up as interestingly as Steve Sullivan . Thisbook puts a history and personality behind some of the classic glamour girls of the50s and 60s . He covers everyone from movie bombshells , to pin-up models , to theburlesque performers . Each featured woman has an in-depth biography as well asa sizeable list of their film and pictorial career . The women with the largest amountof ink devoted to them are Marilyn Monroe , Bettie Page and Jayne Mansfield . Otherwomen featured in this book include Mamie Van Doren -LRB- the cover girl -RRB- , JulieNewmar , Bunny Yeager , Sophia Loren , Tempest Storm , Lil St. Cyr and BrigitteBardot.The Jayne Mansfield chapter : First of all this is a good introduction to Jayne for the new Jayne fan . Despite littleinaccuracies such as the wrong birthday , the misspelling of Jayne 's middle name -LRB- it 's JaYne not Jane , I have a copy of her birth certificate -RRB- and confusion around thetype of bathing suit -LRB- s -RRB- she wore to the Underwater ! premiere , this is a decentbiography . Where we seem to get off track in the bio , as well as the bios of themany other women in the book , is that the author becomes annoying andredundant when trying to decipher ` why ' Jayne or the subject was famous . Thebook is also rather self righteous with it 's findings of supposed surveys ofinternational cinema and glamour girl fans . Indeed , this is something thewriter -- Mr. Sullivan seems to be partly obsessed with is surveys . He runs severalYAHOO ! groups where he does nothing but run surveys of famous women.Supposedly he is compiling information for another book . We 'll see . But back toTHIS book , written by an obviously straight man , we are forced to sit throughparagraphs and paragraphs of ink concentrating on Jayne 's breast size incomparison to the sizes of other female stars . It gets boring and at times , almostgoes off track . I suppose we had the Martha Saxton women 's lib fodder in herbook , and 20 years later we have Steve Sullivan 's T&A ; fodder . Those are my maincomplaints about the Jayne chapter . Otherwise , it IS a decent biography on Jayneby a straight male fan who truly seems to ` get ' her . The Jayne chapter IS filled witha delight -- some rare quotes . The author must have done some extensive researchbecause they are at times new to even me ! There is a particularly extensiveoverview of Jayne 's early modeling years . Jayne 's early years can be confusingand the author does a good job of time and placing things . There is a filmographyincluded and some great shots of the glamazon Jayne , with the focus being on the50s . All in all ... pretty good Jayne bio and a treat for fans of all bombshells .
 Well written , fun to read and great pictures . I thoroughly enjoyed learning about all the vixens of this era through this book . All the greats are in here .
 Like the internet -LRB- and long before it -RRB- VaVaVa Voom is one of the main catalyst for the explosive and lucrative pin up and burlesque revival . By collating all the great all natural beauties -LRB- no fake boobs and tans here -RRB- and including wonderful interviews , Sullivan kicked off a phenomenon . The book has never been remotely equalled in any form . May be hard on some to realize that women were once this perfectly hourglass and naturally ` buxotic ' as we see so many masculine and skinny types today as `` glamour Queens '' and worse , tons of pathetic imitators of many of these greats especially Bettie Page . -LRB- Sorry , Dita Von Teese 's narrow hips and schnieds just do n't cut it ... -RRB- At least this book provides ample -LRB- and I mean AMPLE -RRB- proof of how the original Glamour Girls of the Pin Up era will ALWAYS be the greatest .
 Very enjoyable book . Excellent photos accompinied by informative biographies of each of these women . For those who remember the thrill of seeing a scantily clad and partially nude woman , this is such a book . The book stands out the most by describing how many of these women struggled to do well in their profession , whether trying to be taken seriously in Hollywood , spending their own money on costumes and props for their acts , and how in some cases they are disregarded by the powers that be after a certian age . Well written and very informative.I found the most fascinating subjects to be Lili St. Cyr , Jayne Mansfield , and Tempest Storm . The way they presented themselves and were confident with their own identity , and not feigning indignity about how they were viewed by their fans . These women were truly feminine , and pioneering about the nature of their sexuality during times that supressed such open displays of a sexual nature . Most important , many of these women had fun with their perceptions as sex symbols of their day and made the most of them without the `` diva '' antics and nonsense displayed in the entertainment industry nowadays .
 Here is the thing - I am giving this book a high score -LRB- 4 -RRB- since it contains unique and fun content related to network infrastructure attacks and defenses , which I have not seen anywhere else . In my view , the good stuff justifies such score , although I suspect that some other reviewers will sledgehammer the book for having too much of routine material covered in other previous books , including the venerable Hacking Exposed.While I had a general idea of how providers mitigate DDoS attacks , I did not know the specifics of unicast reverse-path forwarding method , described in the book . Similarly , I picked up a lot of material of setting up sinkholes for dropping traffic -LRB- and , more specifically , how they are better than ACLs in many cases -RRB- . From other topics , I liked their coverage on the evolution of DMZ from simple designs of years past to current security zone design.The book also presents a lot of up-to-date material , such as the coverage of security information management -LRB- SIM -RRB- , vulnerability management and recent security standards , such as CVSS . It does n't go into details in some places where I 'd wanted it to , but still is interesting to read.On the other hand , some chapters are disappointing and seem to be in the book for it to appear `` comprehensive '' . Forensics chapter is one of those -LRB- it is also mistakenly called `` Exploiting Forensics '' , while no exploitation is taking place -RRB- I recommend the book for most people , from beginners to advanced , since the former will enjoy the breadth of coverage while the latter will likely benefit from the network infrastructure protection -LRB- and devastation , of course ! -RRB- tips . In addition , defense checklists in the end of each chapter are useful for those who do not have time to go and study the material in-depth . The book is slightly biased towards the defense side , with good coverage of the attacking side as well.Dr Anton Chuvakin , GCIA , GCIH , GCFA is a recognized security expert and book author . In his current role as a Security Strategist with netForensics , a security information management company , he is involved with defining future features and conducting security research . A frequent conference speaker , he also represents the company at various security meetings and standard organizations . He is an author of a book `` Security Warrior '' and a contributor to `` Know Your Enemy II '' , `` Information Security Management Handbook '' and the upcoming `` Hacker 's Challenge 3 '' . Anton also published numerous papers on a broad range of security subjects . In his spare time he maintains his security portal at info-secure . org and a blog at O'Reilly ''
 Regardless of how many steps you take to secure your organizational computing environment , there 's always some new exploit waiting to nail you . The best you can do is to understand your network and stay on top of the technology . Extreme Exploits - Advanced Defenses Against Hardcore Hacks by Victor Oppleman , Oliver Friedrichs , and Brett Watson can help you in that pursuit , especially in the networking realm ... Contents : Part 1 - Core Internet Infrastructure for Security Professionals
 I read Extreme Exploits because the content looked intriguing and I am familiar with applications written by lead author Victor Oppleman . The back cover states the book is `` packed with never-before-published advanced security techniques , '' but I disagree with that assessment . While I found all of the content helpful , between 1/3 and 1/2 of it is probably available in older books -- including several by publisher McGraw-Hill/Osborne . Nevertheless , I find the strength of the network infrastructure security sections powerful enough to recommend Extreme Exploits.I found Extreme Exploit 's most innovative material in chapter 1 -LRB- Internet Infrastructure -RRB- , 2 -LRB- ISP Security Practices -RRB- , 4 -LRB- Reliable Connectivity -RRB- , 8 -LRB- Email Gateways , Filtering , and Redundancy -RRB- , 10 -LRB- Sinkholes and Backscatter , and 14 -LRB- Performing the Assessment , Part 1 -RRB- . These chapters introduced projects like RADB , IRRd , INOC-DBA -LRB- a VoIP `` hotline '' for ISPs -RRB- , the Distributed Checksum Clearinghouse -LRB- an anti-spam system -RRB- , and Hashcash -LRB- to consume CPU cycles and frustrate spammers -RRB- . Subjects like questions to ask ISPs , ways to multi-home , and using anycast to improve redundancy were also welcome . A comment that spammers are using people who register with porn sites to pass CAPTCHA tests really surprised me ! Ch 10 's coverage of ISP sinkholes was clear , and I learned about triggered blackhole routing . Advice on checking publicly announced routes was cool , especially the reference to the author 's Pwhois system.Although the vulnerability and patch management information in ch 12 was fairly routine , I also liked the author 's mention of recent industry projects like the NIAC vulnerability lifecycle and Common Vulnerability and Scoring System.Other chapters mainly covered topics found in other books , like Hacking Exposed , Gray Hat Hacking , or Hardening Network Security -LRB- all Osborne titles -RRB- . Most of the book contains sound advice , but I must disagree with several assertions made in ch 7 -LRB- Intrusion Detection and Prevention -RRB- . These include the `` rejection '' of the value of passive detection -LRB- p 116 -RRB- , the `` logical transition '' where detection and prevention converges into firewalls -LRB- p 116 -RRB- , the idea that intrusion prevention systems are `` less prone to insertion and evasion attacks '' -LRB- p 120 -RRB- , and `` signature-based IDS normally do not have an understanding of the underlying protocol that they are examining and simply perform byte-by-byte pattern matching '' -LRB- p 121 -RRB- . Almost all of the vulnerability assessment material could have been cut , aside from the BGP query and network infrastructure advice in ch 14 . The misnamed `` exploiting digital forensics '' chapter -LRB- 16 -RRB- tempts the reader into thinking it will cover anti-forensics , but really it 's an overview of network - , host - , and memory forensics in 26 pages . An excerpt from p 332 summarizes the problem with the chapter
 The book has two major sections
 First I must admit that I know and have worked with several of the authors of this book . I was given an autographed copy of the book late last year , however seeing as the book was published in 2005 I did n't think there would be much along the lines of useable information seeing as many of the security threats and vulnerabilities have evolved quite a bit since then . However , as I started reading the book I quickly realized much of the information was still relevant today as it was several years ago . The chapters on ISP Security Practices and Securing the Domain Name System had very good coverage of many of the techniques used throughout Service Provider networks to secure their network and DNS infrastructure.I particularly enjoyed reading the sections on using egress packet filters to restrict data leaks from within an organization - a particular problem today with the prevalance of Internet Worms and other Malware which often attempt to communicate back to their centralized Command & Control -LRB- C&C ;-RRB- hosts . The chapter on ` Sinkholes and Backscatter ' has very good coverage on a wide variety of topics such as using Darknets and Honeynets to monitor malicious traffic and other nasties emanating throughout your network , as well as using techniques such as Triggered Blackhole Routing to propagate filters quickly and dynamically to drop DDoS and other malevolent traffic.I would have to disagree with Dr. Anton Chuvakin that the chapters on Digital Forensics were disappointing . Personally , I learned quite a bit from these chapters and came away from reading them with a whole arsenal of new tools to use with which I can perform my own digital forensics on compromised systems . The coverage of Foremost , memdump , and some of the advanced digital forensic tools was top notch.All in all , I would say this is still a good book for anyone involved in Network Security . Much of the information covered is still relevant in today 's networks . If the authors attempt to release a second edition I would suggest coverage of adapting Triggered Blackhole techniques to be used in more modern DDoS Mitigation scenarios . Additionally , discussion of new techniques used for Malware C&C ; and coverage of Fast-flux and Double-flux techniques used by the attackers to create more robust and reliable networks would be welcomed .
 I remember This was a book I had to read for school when I was 11 or so . Usually that meant I was made to read something I really did n't want to . But with this book I found I could n't stop reading it . I was only suppose to read a chapter at a time but I finished right off . It is at it 's core a romantic tale , and being a young boy at the time I would never have picked something described as such . But it goes beyond just a regular romance novel . The story is captivating and the ending will grab you like very few books do .
 As my title states , this is a classic love story of old England , between a rich young woman , who has been kidnapped as a child by the ruthless Doones , heritage forgotten , and a young farmer , John Ridd , who is as brave as he is good , though perhaps foolish to stand up to the Doones , for the young woman in who 's heritage they are planning to cash in on through marrying her to Carver Doone , the most ruthless of them all , who has no intention of letting her get away .
 When I was young Lorne Doone was set for our final year . I never fininhed reading or did I like it . This time I found it a very good and well written , enjoyed and liked it very much . A fine picture drawn of life in hard situations hardly comprehended in our modern existant . Well worth reaading this book . Thank you Amazon .
 I first read this book as a young girl in high school and enjoyed just as much now as I did then .
 great description of 17th and 18th century life in England . Wonderful language . I could n't put it down . Read it on kindle .
 It 's a love story , and it has everything
 This is a book I have loved since I first learned to read , that was a childs version and this version has much more information .
 I was pleasantly surprised to find this book so readable - even by modern standards it is a good read , although the language in parts is somewhat old-fashioned , archaic even ... . but if you can deal with that , this is a good bet for anyone who would like a tale of England in the late 1600 's ... love , adventure , and even a little humor too !
 I saw the movie first , and wanted to read the book to see how much of it matched . GREAT story !
 I bought this book for my friend Lorna for all she has done for me and she got a kick out of it
 I first read this book when I was a child . It has always been one of my favorites . I can not tell you how many times I have read Lorna Doone but I love it more each time .
 Read this years ago in high school and wanted it for my Kindle collection . Love the old classics and enjoy reading them electronically for free or next to free . I recommend them to my students .
 this was my mum 's reading book back in Ireland and is one of my favourites . The descriptive language is beautiful . It reads like poetry . It may be a wee bit archaic and the dialect may be a wee bit hard to read but read each word exactly as it is spelt and the meaning will come to you . I grew up in Ireland and was readily able to grasp the meaning of the passages of dialect but the story is there and available for anyone willing to persevere and translate ! Truly a beautiful novel . They made a movie out of Gone with the Wind , I would watch this on TV any day .
 Book Review for Scary StoriesIf you want a spine tingling book this is the one for you . The awesome book Scary Stories by Alvin Schwartz . Alvin Schwartz is the scariest author alive , from my point of view . This book is a top 10 rating because the author uses such descriptive words that I had chills running down my spine . Scary Stories is so good that I read it two times just to get every little detail out of all the stories . You should read this book because the stories are so descriptive . Some of them I wouldn & iexcl ; t read at night.My example of the theme is the story The Thing . The theme of this story is based on two boys that see a man with dark , ripped , muddy clothes on , in aturnip field . The boys go up to see if it really is a man and & iexcl ; K you & iexcl ; re going to have to read it to find out the rest.The characters in the story are Ted Martin , Sam Miller , and The Thing . Ted and Sam were good friends . Ted & iexcl ; s personality is a mama & iexcl ; s boy personality . Sam is the kind of kid that will do anything . It doesn & iexcl ; t say much about The Things personality so ill tell you what he looks like . The thing has sunk in eyes , yellow square teeth , rotting flesh , and black pants with black suspenders and a white shirt.The setting is mostly in two places . One is on a fence by a post office . The other setting is in Ted & iexcl ; s house hiding and the worst part is that it & iexcl ; s dark out and everything gets scarier when it & iexcl ; s dark out . Well I think it dose.The story ends by & iexcl ; K I don & iexcl ; t know you will have to read the story . You have to read this book it is a bone chiller . Remember it & iexcl ; s by Alvin Schwartz and it & iexcl ; s called Scary Stories . Read it it & iexcl ; s a series .
 At the library , I checked out the first book on tape and I loved it !! So then I bought the book and I loved it !!!! I took away one star because the stories wer n't the best , but great nontheless ! My favorites in this collection are the white wolf , Me Tie Dough-ty walker ! , Alligators , A New Horse , The White Satin Evening Gown and High Beams . I think Alvin Schwartz is a talented author and Stephen Gammel is a very talented artist . His drawings honestly should be in a museum . I have read many scary books like these and the writing is horrible and the drawings are too . But Schwartz 's style of writing and Gammel 's style of illustrations really capture the eeriness of folklore.Bottom line : these books are worth a looksee if you have n't read them yet . Great book , great series !
 Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is a book with some really scary stories . When I started reading this book I could not put it down . I especially liked the story about the Haunted House because it was scary . When I was reading this story I actually felt a chill going down my back . Some of the stories in this book were n't very scary though . Some of the stories are alike . But altogetherthis book was pretty good . Some of the stories are really funny like the Big Toe . This book is filled with short scary stories . I would recommend this book to anyone who likes or enjoys scary stories . I even recommend this book to people who do n't enjoy scary stories very much because this book will make you like scary stories .
 This book was so incredibly scary . It could 've been just me being scared easily , but they should change the name of tis book to `` Stories to Scare th Crap out of Kids `` Seriously .
 Scary Story Series4 star ratingThe scary story series by Alvin Schwartz are extreme books that keep you on the edge of your seat . Each book from the series contain many spooky tales that will make you shiver . One of the books from the series is called , `` Scary Story 's to tell in the dark . '' If you enjoy being frightened or anxious , you should read this book , but if you get scared easily , you may not want to read it . Many of the stories in this book include the dead , blood , noises , and other scary things that may frighten kids under five or sensitive people who get scared greatly . So mainly , you just have to choose to read it based on who you are as a person . If you do like these type of stories , this book is good for halloween parties , camping , sleep-overs , or just for fun when you feel like reading . I really enjoyed this book , you will to .
 I first read this book when I was 8 years old . The first thing that struck me was the very scary images in the book . I mean the guy who did those drawings is a genius . It looks like someone pulled them out of a nightmare . And the stories are great . A definate must buy .
 When I got the first book , I think I was around 8 or 9 years old which gave me a big disadvantage reading them and looking at the pictures without being scared . The pictures are the best Iv ' e seen , really , I 'm not exaggerating . The way he makes those weird web-like things around the edge of some of the objects make it a lot better for some reason . And the pictures alone would scare the crap out of me . I 'm older now , but still , I 'm afraid of a few of the pictures . Like the one in `` The White Wolf '' , `` The Thing '' , `` One Sunday Morning '' , Oh Susannah ! '' , and `` The Red Spot '' . I could name more but that would be too much typing . Everytime I look at those pictures I get a chill that stays there till I either cover the picture up , turn the page , or close the book . And the stories are great , all of them are great . My favorites are `` The Bed By the Window '' , `` Something was Wrong '' , `` The Thing '' , `` The Man in the Middle '' , and a few others . All I have to say about them is if your under the age of 9 , just do n't look at the pictures , heh .
 I guess I picked up the first 2 books in 3rd grade , around 91 or 92 , I dunno . I read these books over and over , every night for awhile , until I moved in with my dad when I was 11 . When I moved back with my mother at 14 , I was looking through my old stuff , when I see `` Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark '' plus its 2 sequals ! `` Woah ! '' I say `` My 3 favorite childrens books ! '' I read them all out again in the space of about 2 hours ... I read fast . Though I did not get the chill I used to , the stories are still excellent ! Stephen Gammells illustations are down right eerie , and thats good , for they bring out the true horror in some tales . As a child , I was scared to death of the picture of the skeleton in `` The Haunted House '' , the scariest thing that ever entered my innocent lil mind LOL . My favorite stories are
 This book was the absolute bomb in elementary school ! I remember reading all three of these books , and getting so scared out of my tighty-whiteys ! R.L. Stine or Christopher Pike never got this creative and fearsome ! BEAUTIFULLY illustrated and unforgettable ... its just as great now , almost 11 years later . A must have
 Ok , I 'm not just saying this . I first picked up the sequel , More Scary Stories to tell in the dark , when I was 10 . Soon after , the book fair arrived , and I bought a copy of both the original -LRB- Without even reading it yet -RRB- and the sequel . Although the original is scariest in my opinion , ALL are definitely well worth owning . The book , when I purchased it , had a specified age group suggested for its readers , ages 9 and up . If you feel your child is THAT brave at 9 , more power to them . At 10 , the stories gave me nightmares , unless I had looked at the illustrations before going to bed . In that case , it was the stories AND the pictures that did it . I 'm a 22 year old Marine now , and the whole series still gives me the heebie-jeebies . I would suggest testing the waters before reading them to a child .
 I remember reading these books around a campfire in my childhood . I had a morbid facination with the art and the stories creeped me out for days . I forgot the title over the years and I just noticed it on Amazon today ; I 'll have to get a copy . Very nostalgic ...
 This book , and its two sequels , were the hottest books around when I was in elementary school . Scary stories with even scarier illustrations that are still haunting -LRB- I 'm 20 at this writing -RRB- today . The stories , retold by a masterful Alvin Schwartz in a kid friendly format provided me with more than one nightmare as a child . And I loved every terror filled second ! The 29 macabre stories , poems , and songs are a great introduction to the Horror genre for young readers that will have them literally screaming for more ! The incredibly dark and startling illustrations by Stephen Gammell are just as , if not more memorable than the stories themselves . Especially for `` The Thing '' , `` The Haunted House '' , `` Wait Till Martin Comes '' , and `` The Ghost With the Bloody Fingers '' . So if your kid needs a reason to read instead of vegging in front of the tv or video games look no further than this wonderfully scary series !
 Forget the `` ages 9-12 '' listing ... This book absolutely horrified me the first time I read it at age 14 and it still freaks me out at 27 ! Schwartz 's detailed collection of urban myths and campfire tales vividly brings the reader into the dark world of `` children 's '' horror stories , aided by Gammell 's eerie , scary and meticulous drawings . Together , they evoke the true inner fears of the dark and the world we hope does n't really exist .
 First off , let me state that I am so glad I am in far into college now . Luckily , I was in 4th grade at the right time I bought this from one of those Scholastic order sheets -LRB- remember those ? -RRB- , almost ten years ago before special interest groups got on the `` ban everything we deem offensive or intelligent to children '' bandwagon.Anyways , I recently found this book in a box of old books and , looking through it , it was just as chilling to the spine now as it was around 8 or so years ago when I was a wee lad . Of course , now I 'm 19 and the stories seem sort of not so scary , but that 's just my picky-eating with dark literature -LRB- being more accustomed to Lovecraft and more sophisticated horror and all that -RRB- . However , the charcoal drawings are what make this book what it is . Stephen Gammell -LRB- does he have an online gallery or a book full of illustrations like this ? i 'm soon checking ! -RRB- has done an excellent job at creating immensly subtly-disturbing visuals with his illustration skills that seems to amplify the effect of the otherwise cheesy -LRB- but still fun -RRB- bonfire horror stories.If the stories do n't scare the bejesus out of you , the ghostly apparitions and deformed nightmarish landscapes portrayed within the illustrations will definately make you want to buy several halogen lamps and keep them turned on at night with perhaps a garlic necklace around you when you go to sleep.If I recall , the scariest illustration was a full-page charcoal drawing next to a story called `` Oh , Suzannah ! '' , almost like something weird going on in a parallel supernatural dimension from some mental patient 's hallucinatory nightmare.Either way , this book has redeeming qualities for both folk/urban literature enthusiasts as well as dark-fantasy-art enthusiasts . I heavily recommend it !
 OMG !!! I forgot all about Scary Stories to tell in the Dark ! I ca n't believe that this book is as old as I am ! This book really takes me back to like , 1st and 2nd grade ! Fun times , great stories !
 This book was great.It was scary at some points , but other times it was a little dull.They also had a wide variety of stories like the first one.They also had many new topics.If you thought the first one had scary stories , then you should read this one .
 I first read this book in thrid grade . it was a huge hit at our school . This one and the two others that follow it were always checked out in the library . I am 16 now and still love this book . It 's one you 'll never forget i promise
 This book is scary stuff ! I read a story , `` Me-Tie-Doughty-Walker '' that scared the stuffing out of me ! Now I 'm in seventh grade , and the book still gives me chills when I 'm reading it alone ! The pictures are so trippy and disturbingly graphic !
 My 5 & 6 year old practically have the book memorized . The drawings are really spooky -LRB- make sure you tell the little ones it 's only make believe . We 've read the book now 10 times over . I find it a little scary myself !
 I have had this book for so long it is falling apart , part of the book 's poor shape has to do with repeated reading . I am in my mid-twenties and I still remember the hearse song word-for-word . The illustrations will make your skin crawl . This is a classic book .
 This is certainly one of the best book-fair purchases I even made in grade school . It 's one of the few books I still have from those days , at least : -RRB- It contains an eclectic collection of old and new folk tales ranging from the disturbing to the scary to the silly . The illustrations do a wonderful job of capturing the mood and essence of the stories.I liked the stories and illustrations so much , I got them tattooed on my arm : -RRB-
 I did n't know whether to give it five stars for the authors ' success of creating perfect horror or no stars for frightening the bajeebas out of me years ago . to tell you the truth , i have n't read it since then . the pictures were terrifying ! and i remember ... this picture . is there a story called the Haunted House ? if so , i think i remember the most horrifying picture in the world in the content of that story . i 'm going to rent it again , now that im 17 , but im still a taaaad afraid . anway , its pretty impressive if you like that sort of thing !
 This book is excellent ! The stories are great for all ages and the drawings are superb ! I recommend this book to anyone who is looking for fun and creepy stories about ghosts , graves , and witches . The other two books `` More Scary Stories To Tell in The Dark '' and `` Scary Stories Three '' are almost equally as good . All three books make a great library of creepy tales and haunting drawings !
 This book is the best book ive read in my entire life . I love the book because it has scary , funny short stories that will scare you and your friends . And the good thing about it is that it is an enjoyable book not a long boring one about one thing only . And it has really cool pictures with the story so you can know what is happening .
 If you like scary stories you will like this because it is scary . The book I am reading has dead people in it . Dead people come alive and kill people . Then they would eat that person.Some of the dead will just walk away . Then , the person who sees that dead person freaks and dies . The ghost of the dead person will just walk away . Finally when one the guys or girls run so fast they bump right into the ghost or the dead person and just kill that person who bumps into them .
 When i was in elementary school , I would get this book , and the sequels , from the library and renew them until the end of the year . Thats how good they are . This one in particular . The drawings to this day give me shivers , and are perfectly gothic in nature . For young preteens and younger , this will give pleasurable shivers and creepies , and plenty of nightmares . Gives children a reason to read . I 've noticed that even young adults enjoy this book ; though it is in easy kiddie writing , it is very enjoyable and entertaining . ... i love the pictures . Recommeneded to any adult out there who wants their children to read . This book will always stay a favorite for me .
 WHEN I WAS IN ABOUT THE FIFTH GRADE MY MOM BOUGHT MY BROTHER AND I THIS BOOK . THE FIRST THING I THOUGHT WAS THIS BOOK IS GOING TO BE STUPID.WHEN I READ IT FOR THE FIRST TIME I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN . IT WAS GREAT TO READ JUST BEFORE I WENT TO BED WHEN I HAD FRIENDS STAY THE NIGHT . ABOUT TWO WEEKS AGO I RAN ACROSS THE BOOK AND DECIDED TO READ IT AGAIN . IT WAS STILL GOOD EVEN THOUGH IM OLDER.I INJOYED IT ALOT IT MADE ME PICTURE WHAT I READ AND NOT MANY BOOKS DO THAT.IM TELLING YOU ONCE YOU READ IT YOU WILL NOT WANT TO PUT IT DOWN . I RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO EVERY ONE WHO LIKES SCARY TALES OR STORIES .
 I 've loved this book and the other two books in this series since I was pretty young . The stories are great , and the drawings are misty and eerie , and give the book just the right atmosphere
 When I learned that they were redoing these books with new , tamed down illustrations -LRB- Google it and prepare to be saddened -RRB- , I remembered how much I loved these , as a kid , a teen , and still today . I knew I had a 3 book box set somewhere , but after not being able to find it , I decided to find replacements online . After ordering , I discovered my old set , but having 2 lets me loan them out to others . These are the most fantastic horror story books for all ages , and the illustrations are truly unsettling . Prepare to be creeped out in the best way possible !
 My students love to get this book . I bought 4 copies with my own money because I know the students in my library love totake it out . They enjoy sharing it with their friends . Sometimes there might be 6 students looking at the book together . I 'm delighted that my students found something they love to read and share .
 Horrifying and haunting short stories illustrated with mentally disturbing sketches . I used to pull this book out at slumber parties and we 'd all freak ourselves out . I still remember some of the short stories to this day .
 If You love horror , then I strongly recommend getting the Scary Stories To tell In The Dark Series.These books have some of the greatest horror stories and pictures ever written.They are perfect for reading on a dark Lonely night , Camp outs , Halloween gatherings , Slumber parties , College gatherings , Even reading underneath a blanket with a flashlight . Have some fun with your friends and made a video of yourself narrating some of your favorite Scary Stories and then post the video onto youtube to share with the world.You can even write out the stories onto emails and print them out along with the pictures after scanning the books and then print them out on paper , and handing them out to friends at School , parties , or even to trick Or Treaters for HALLOWEEN.You can even save your favorite images from these books onto your computer and send them to Custom -LSB- ... -RSB- web site , To get them printed onto black T shirts that say SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK in dripping blood red text to help promote these great books and get them noticed by those who never heard about them.You can even share the images to your local tattoo parlor and ask if they would post them onto their tattoo walls as suggestions to customersIf you really loved these books and they meant something to you in your childhood , why not have a few of the images tattooed onto your body ? Just take these books to your tattoo artist and ask them if they would.SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK BOOKS ARE THE BEST.I only hope that a horror movie producer will make some horror movies about these books with some of the stories in it . something kinda like the urban legends movies or one missed callThe Movie A girl goes to a dance club and shows off her little brothers Scary Stories to tell in the dark books to friends.Only each one of her friends die in the Styles of each story after reading them online or from watching the video from youtube on their cell phones .
 This book is the best book ive read in my entire life . I love the book because it has scary , funny short stories that will scare you and your friends . And the good thing about it is that it is an enjoyable book not a long boring one about one thing only . And it has really cool pictures with the story so you can know what is happening.It is easy to read and to understand the stories .
 This story was a scary story . The setting of these stories take place about a hundred years ago . The stories were found in the United States . The main characters in this particular story were Ted Martin and Sam Miller . My favorite character was Ted Martin because he made me feel creepy . My favorite part of the book is when Sam Miller died and he looked just like the thing they had seen before . I would reccommend this book to a friend that likes scary stories ages 12 and 13 .
 THIS BOOK HAS THE SCARISET DRAWING I HAVE EVER SEEN . THE THING OR THE HAUNTED HOUSE HAD SCAREIST DRAWING . IT 'S A LITTLE TO VIOLANT THOUGH -LRB- STABBING , SHOOTING , ETC. -RRB- . IF U WANT THE HECK SCARED OUT OF YOU GET THIS BOOK . THE SCAREIST ONE IS THE ONE WHERE THE HEAD FELL OUT OF THE CHIMMENY -LRB- IM SCARED TO GO BUY MY CHIMMNEY -RRB- . THANK YOU ALVIN AND STEPHEN .
 This was my favorite book all through 4th , 5th and 6th grades . I would borrow it from the library at the beginning of the year and renew it until the end of the year . It contains some of the best ghost stories EVER . It 's a great read on a rainy day , a stormy night or on Halloween . Now that I am in college , I find that my friends had this book as well and LOVED it . I ca n't wait until my own copy comes in and I can share it with my friends and someday my children .
 I read this book ALL the time when I was a kid and it popped into my head randomly one day and I am so glad to have found the same book -LRB- with the SAME cover ! -RRB- from when I was a kid . Great stories for people of all ages !!
 It 's a great book when your camping or having a sleep over . My friends always want me to read them this book ! I 've already meorized all the pages , but I still want to read it .
 My five year old went through a phase of liking scary books . These are the best collection out there once you are past the `` easy reader '' scary stories . The stories are short and some are even funny and so my five year old was able to handle them despite the fact that they are listed for a 9 + age group . Do note that many stories are very scary/morbid and if your child is easily frightened , wait till they are older .
 This is my first experience with Schwartz and the Scary Stories trilogy and I was n't really sure what to expect as I actually picked this up as part of my reading list off of the American Library Association 's list of most frequently challenged books -LRB- from 1990-2000 -RRB- . In some small way , I can see how this book -LRB- and the two others -RRB- get challenged by parents ... there are some gross , gruesome , frightening , and creepy stories in this book ... but -LRB- you knew it was coming ... right -RRB- really , what 's here , for the most part is pretty tame . For kids 8-12 , this might be their first introduction to what -LRB- for most older children , adolescents and adults -RRB- are pretty standard , traditional campfire stories and urban legends . Further , they are the tamest and least embellished versions I think I 've ever seen , so there is little actual gore . Probably the most frightening thing in this book are the illustrations ... they are done in a style that is truly evocative of the theme ... this is something that I really enjoyed about the book . Each illustration makes you squirm a bit , but then you look back and find yourself looking even more closely to pick out the details of each barely there illustration!There are 29 stores covered in this book , all drawn -LRB- as the title indicates -RRB- from American Folklore -LRB- even some of the more contemporary ones like the hook and high beams -RRB- , so it 's a nice wide swath of scary folklore cut from the cloth of the American oral storytelling . In the first part of the book nearly every tale is by necessity one that should be told out loud around a campfire -LRB- as they require screaming , jumping at , or grabbing someone to `` get them '' at the end of the story -RRB- . As the book progresses , more and more of the tales stand alone as reading material ... but really each is just a bare-bones minimum of the story without any embellishments and are probably best enjoyed orally -LRB- also around a campfire or in a dark room with candles or flashlights -RRB- and embellished ... having a group of kids take one story each and memorize it and tell it to the group would be a wonderful activity that Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark would lend itself to quite well!Overall , Scary Stores to Tell in the Dark is a fine introduction to the oral tradition of folklore and urban legend . This book would make a fine addition to the library of anyone who regularly deals with kids in groups -LRB- particularly outdoors , like boy or girl scouts -RRB- and/or for group story telling ... this book would provide a wonderful jumping off point for kids to learn a legend , folktale or urban legend well enough to tell out loud without reading and to encourage embellishment or discuss other versions -LRB- activity for older kids who are more familiar with the stories given and the many variations that are around -RRB- . I give it four stars , as the text itself is rather uninspiring as a cover to cover , stand alone read ... the illustrations are what saves it from getting three stars and as I said above , it 's best use is as an introduction to folklore and/or as a way to increase one 's repertoire of stores to frighten children with in those times and places where campfires , candlelight and flashlights rule the darkness !
 I bought the paperback `` boxed set '' -- I guess it is an ` omnibus ' edition -- to add to my story-telling repertoire - my kids and the cub scouts seem to like to hear ghost or scary stories sometimes . Most of them follow the standard formulary . I like the author / collector 's notes / bibliography - very helpful as I like to know the origin of the story . It is also very interesting that the same story / theme can be found in many variations from different sources / countries.What I own may be a different version than what is advertised here .
 This book would be a great book when your at a sleep over with your friends telling these stories in the dark this book has been divided categories of each stories . I think that this book and its stories are way better than STINE R.L books . Fabulous Book
 I first read Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark at age 7 , -LRB- I 'm 17 now -RRB- after stumbling upon it in my cousin 's closet . I could n't sleep after reading it , -LRB- complements of Stephen Gammell 's illustrations -RRB- and immediatly bought the whole series.My favorite story out of the whole series is `` Harold '' in Scary Stories 3 ; I wo n't ruin the story for you , lets just say you 'll never look at a scarecrow the same way again.Also , the notes in the back of the books on the origin of the stories is often as interesting as the stories themselves , as you often get some slight variations.My advice to any horror fan would be to buy this series , no matter your age , I think you 'll enjoy them .
 Been almost a lifetime since I last even remember the books , but I saw that name and it was so familiar , I had to return and buy all three volumes.The memories were sweet , and chilling.Even after all these years , the illustrations and stpories themselves continue to plague me , from The Wendigo to Cold as Clay.I now share with all my friends the tales that every person who reads them always finds themselves lost in the story , and the disconcerting artwork.If you were to own one collection of scary stories , this is the one . A catalogue of all the best known , and least known tales , and each book never ceases to get better and better with each time you read them.To Quote `` Shadow of the Vampire `` I think we have it .
 These stories are FANTASTIC . They were so checked out in elementary school it was unbelievable . I was usually in posession of one from the school library ... haha.Great for later elementary school kids . But they will still haunt you when your older.I reccomend this book.But be warned
 SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK has classic campfire stories , such as '' The Hook '' , and '' Me-Tie Daughty Walker '' along with lesser known tales like '' Alligators '' and '' May I Carry Your Basket '' ? Some stories are funny , such as '' The Viper '' -LRB- I 've come to vipe your vindows -RRB- and '' The Ghost With Bloody Fingers '' -LRB- cool it dude , get a band-aid -RRB- while others are genuinely spooky , like '' The Guests '' and '' Cold as Clay '' . The book was clearly intended for reading out loud , many stories even have tips for the reader , such as when to raise and lower your voice . Stephen Gammell 's pictures are mysterious and darkly beautiful . I highly recommend this book for those looking for a spooky read aloud .
 A LOT better than R.C. Welch 's `` Scary Stories For Stormy Nights '' ! Unlike that book , these stories are original -LRB- and not sad -RRB- . My favorite story is `` The Hook '' , because I enjoy scary stories about serial killers , and this one , like `` High Beams '' , can happen , which makes it HORRIFYING !
 Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark did n't really have much of a plot , since it is a collection of short stories . In one of the stories , The Girl who Stood on the Grave , the plot is a girl was given a dollar to prove that if you stand on a grave , then the person who 's grave it was would n't grab you and pull you under . She was to stick a knife in the grave so her friends know she was there . She put the knife through the grave , and tried to get away , but she that she was being held back , and she died of fright . The setting is at a graveyard at night . The conflict is that the girl tried to prove the fact that if you stand on a grave at night , then the person under it will pull you in wrong . It was n't resolved , but the girl died of fright because she thought she was being pulled under , when she had just put the knfe through her dress on accident .
 This book is the best book ive read in my entire life . I love the book because it has scary , funny short stories that will scare you and your friends . And the good thing about it is that it is an enjoyable book not a long boring one about one thing only . And it has really cool pictures with the story so you can know what is happening.It is easy to read and to understand the stories .
 When I was at the library at my school , I seen Scary Stories to tell in the Dark on one of the book shelf.People always say `` do n't judge a book by it 's cover '' , -LRB- but I did any way -RRB- . I got the book and left.I read the book and loved it.Then one day I went to a book store and seen The Scary Stories Treasury that was a book with all three Scary Story books.I got it and went home.after awhile I read alot of the stories to my little brother . He got really scared -LRB- and still is -RRB- of the Harold story.He ca n't even sleep alone any more . So I reccomend you watch what you read .
 This is one of my favorite scary story books EVER ! I do n't know about recommending this book to youngsters because it does have some very eerie illusions and spooky tales in it . However , as an 18 year old reviewer , this book rocks ! It really does come in handy at sleep overs , camps , and on Halloween nights . It gives me the chills even after all these years and I ca n't get enough of it . I would recommend this book to younger teenagers and adults who like this sort of thing . It 's cool ! And what else can I say ? The title of the book says it all
 This , along with the other two books in the series , is a classic . Alvin Schwartz 's tales are so simple yet so deviously scary , and Gammell 's dark , surreal illustrations greatly enhance them . Actually , some of the illustrations are midly disturbing ... -LRB- what IS that thing coming up the stairs in `` The Voice '' ? -RRB- Once you 've read at least a couple of them , you 'll start to realize just how scary the world is ... -LRB- for instance , `` The Girl who Stood on a Grave '' , `` The Red Spot '' , and `` No Thanks '' -RRB- . So give them a try ... you wo n't be dissapointed !
 I am 23 years old , and was introduced to this fine series of books a little over ten years ago . Although my personal favourite is `` More Scary Stories ... '' , still , I can not discredit this fine work . The scares in this book will linger well upon first reading , and are chillingly simplistic . From tales of revenge , love and humour , this collection is the perfect gift for any child OVER the age of ten -LRB- due to some impressively graphic material -RRB- . As for the book 's impressionist illustrations , this book along with the sequels , deserves praise and accolades for its ominous depictions of evil , courtesy of Stephen Gammel . It astounds me how craftily he mutates the ordinary into something far more sinister -LRB- refer to his gruesome portrayal of a wedding dress for proof -RRB- . To sum
 When I was in elementary school , in the years between 1993 and 1995 , when I was in grades 3-5 , you were a loser if you had n't read these books . Every single person I knew loved them and they were among my favorites . They were , that is , until my best friend came over to spend the night one night at the end of the fifth grade . She took one look at one of Stephen Gammell 's gloriously horrific illustrations and threw the book down in disgust . She was scared to death and after about 5 minutes , I was as well . We shoved them under the couch cushions and had to watch ` The Flintstones ' to calm down . I never looked back at them after that and sold them at our garage sale the next year to the neighbor-boy across the street . I did n't think of them again until mid-September of this year . I saw one of them at a used bookstore but did n't buy it because it was in horrible condition . I regret getting rid of these wonderful books and will be spending some time buying them back . I recommend them to anyone on the face of this earth . I can almost guarantee that you will love them .
 i give this book 5 stars because it is scary ot tell in the dark no wonder thay say that on the book cover !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and i give this book 5 stars because there is alot of stories to tell in the book and you can read them again and again thats why i am giving this book 5 stars !!!!!!!! you should read it its scary !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sincerley lorie waterist .
 i love that book it my forvite and ilove your books alot and thank you for ever thing
 YOU HAVE TO SEE HOW SCARY LOOKING THE PICTURES ARE IN ALL OF THE BOOKS !!!! THAT COULD DEFINETELY GIVE YOU NIGHTMARES FOR A WHILE.EVEN IN SOME STORIES . THERE WAS NOT A PICTURE OF THE WENDINGO , BUT THE BACK OF THE BOOK SAID IT WAS A FEMALE SPIRIT , AND/OR A CANNIBAL GIANT THAT KILLS FOR HUMAN FLESH AND ANTHROPOLOGISTS DESCRIBED INDIANS WANTING TO EAT FLESH AS A `` WENDIGO PSYCHOSIS '' . -LCB- I 'm sure that 's how you spell that word -RCB- .
 My son loved this book.He likes things my husband likes , hunting , fishing , and strange thingsHe also likes old west gunfighters like jesse james so on
 The first book I read out of the three in the series was `` More Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark , '' but this is my favorite one by far . No other scary story book -LRB- s -RRB- alive will EVER compete with this one and its two other sequels . Like almost everyone has said , it 's not so much the stories that make this one and it 's counterparts scary , it 's the damn illustrations ! Now let me tell you , Alvin Schwartz does do a very good job of putting stories of old folklore together with a couple of his own stories that he made up himself , but without the help of Stephen Gammel I highly doubt this book -LRB- and the other ones -RRB- would be so popular . These books are definitely not for the little ones , well maybe they would be if you do n't show them the illustrations because there 's a VERY good chance they will have nightmares . I swear though if I could draw and paint like Gammel does I would be a happy man , that 's for sure ! Anyhoo , let me get to the part of where I tell you why this book is my favorite . Not only does it have the best stories in it -LRB- in my opinion anyways -RRB- but out of the entire series this one has the most unbelieveably nightmarish drawings . `` The Thing '' and ESPECIALLY `` The Haunted House '' are VERY good examples ! `` The Thing '' 's illustration is pretty scary but while reading `` The Haunted House , '' I have to put a piece of paper over the illustration to cover it up while reading the story itself , it 's that bad trust me . Overall , while I wish very badly that Alvin and Stephen would collaborate again to make more of these books -LRB- and I do n't think they will , tis very sad -RRB- I am glad I have all three of these books , they are well worth the price . However I very rarely read them anymore , it 's not like I 'm tired of them or anything it 's cuz they 're too damn scary ! I just read all of them yesterday and I predict it 's gon na be another 3 years or so before I read them again . That being said , if you do n't buy all 3 of these books ... , plain and simple .
 I read these books -LRB- all three of them -RRB- when I was in third grade . They were so popular at my school , the library had 4 copies of each book , and you still had to put your name on a waiting list . The first time i read them , I was totally freaked out -LRB- Steven Gammell 's illustrations added imensly to the horror that Schwartz weaved -RRB- , I remember not sleeping well the first night after I read them . Its now 8 years later -LRB- I 'm a senior in high school -RRB- and I had completly forgotten that they existed . I stumbled upon them when I was searching for Stephen King -LRB- I 've always been a fan of the horror genre -RRB- and ordered all three of them . If you 're into fokelore and scary stories , these three books -LRB- Scary Stories , More Scary Stories and Scary Stories 3 -RRB- are all must-haves in your collection . Enjoy , they 're WICKED < pun intended > good : -RRB-
 Ever since I was very young , I adored ghost stories and when I was in first grade my father used to take me to the local library every Wendsday night . The librarian knew I was fond of scary books , and recommended we check this book out and read it.The instant we got home , I begged my father to read the book to me . He agreed , and read the whole thing . It scared me a little , but I loved the stories in this book very much . The illustrations are beautiful , despite being very gloomy - like something Tim Burton would draw . The best stories in this book are the following : THE GUESTS
 First of all , at 14 years old , I have never been the most courageous of all , especially when it comes to ghost stories and psychological fear , the fear that lurks in your head ; I have ALWAYS possessed that peculiar human craving to be scared out of my wits by a good ghost story , but like the human I am , have more often than not chickened out before getting to the `` punchline '' of the tale.One day in 5th grade , that craving devoured my hesitation and , like a magnet , I was drawn to pick up `` Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark '' from my teacher 's bookshelf , a book that I had never heard of until then . But oh , it has remained tatooed to my memory since that cold winter day in 5th grade.Yes , I know it sounds pretty wussy-ish to be so creeped out by a storybook -LRB- especially now that I 'm 14 -RRB- , and maybe that 's just me , but that is how undeniably weird an experience it was to read that book . And my judgement of the book is not by any means negative ; I commend the author for the outstandingly professional story-telling method with which he has compiled these already-chilling urban myths . None of the stories I remember were flat-out , in-your face , machete-slashing gore fests , but on the contrary were subtle enough to let my imagination soar , and the imagination is really what can drive you insane . Mr. Schwartz handled that part masterfully , no questions asked.But -LRB- and I say this with a chuckle for those who have yet to open this book -RRB- , if Alvin Schwartz 's storytelling does n't whet your ghostly appetite , the illustrations by Mr. Stephen Gammell will gorge you . They , without a shadow of a doubt , are what gripped me and forced me to continue reading , just because of how bizzarely shocking they are . I remember extremely clearly sitting in my desk , in the center of the classroom , 23 cheerful kids all around me , and a teacher sitting at the front desk -- and I still shivered the entire time . I remember having to fold the book back while reading `` The Thing '' so as not to stare at that horrible , smiling corpse staring back at me . And I remember to this day jumping startled when I turned the page to view the menacing two-page illustration for `` The White Wolf . '' Even a humorous , light-hearted joke/story like `` The Viper '' made me shift in my seat a little simply because of the bizarre gothic-theme picture next to it . It is quite obvious that these stark , ghostly black n white drawings were a labor of love for Mr. Gammell , and I can picture him giggling devilishly as he imagined his viewers ' reactions . Believe me folks , if the stories do n't do it for ya , these darn pictures will assuredly hit the spot dead center.As I have stated , although this book did indeed make me a little bit more quiet for a few days following its reading , my opinion is not negative , obviously , or it would n't have recieved 5 stars ; I relished this book , and still relish it . It is quite a masterpiece in its genre , and I applaud the writer and illustrator for compiling such a chiller . It 's one of those books that 'll make you want to leave the light on when you go to bed , or not go to bed at all with the possibility of encountering nightmares . It really plays on the imagination of the human being , and fully alerts and engages that imagination , in such a way that the only words I can think of to describe it are `` pretty darn creepy '' . Very highly reccomended to anyone who has that craving for a good ol' fashioned shiver , and I 'm sure it would prove itself undoubtedly worthy especially during events such as sleepovers and camp-outs . This is the psychological stuff that makes Freddy and Jason look like Billy and Mandy .
 This is the greatest collection of scary stories for kids and pre teens ever . I have collected many scary stories books through out my childhood and this is the only one whos storys have actually stuck with me and the only ones i can remember . Every book in the series , this one , more scary storys to tell in the dark and scary stories 3 are all good . The storys were so creepy i can still remember them to this day and i have recently got the other scary stories books so i can see if they were as good as i remember and they are . I first got this book when i was about 10 years old and lost it over the years then i re ordered a copy and the stories still have same effect and value as i remember . They have great illustrations and even some songs in a couple of the books . I used to stay up at night and read this with my friend and we would read the stories to eachother , i was so excited cause the book was so good and most of the stories gave me chills and i was not one to scare easy . For 6 bucks this is well worth it and the memories and storys will last forever .
 I do n't know where to begin , these books have been such a huge part of my life ! I remember discovering these when i was in 3rd grade , in 1993 . I was truly obsessed , when friends would come over I would just read , read , read out loud to them , some of them scared to death by the stories , others mesmerized by the awesome illustrations -LRB- thank you steven gammell ! -RRB- I still talk about them till this day -LRB- im a junior in high school -RRB- its been 8 years and I have still not forgotten these books . Alot of the stories live on in my mind , `` The big toe , '' or `` Bloody Fingers '' -LRB- COOL IT MAN , GET A BANDAID ! -RRB- ahhaha I lovem ! I recommend this book to every living soul on the face of this planet , go out and buy all three ! -LRB- More scary s 's is the best , i think -RRB- I LOVE THESE BOOKS !
 I purchased this book as one that I fondly remembered from childhood . I do n't know for certain how many times my brother and I checked this out from the public library , but it was a lot . The stories in it are fun and the artwork is fantastic . As a matter of fact , even though I remember most of the stories from reading them before , it 's the artwork that lodged this book into my head so firmly . Although all black and white , the images are spooky and gruesome . Exactly what an impressionable pre-teen needs to be sufficiently creeped out!The stories themselves are usually 1 to 2 pages each and are still fun . While they would n't scare the bejeepers out of me today , I can see why I was drawn to them as a child . The last section of stories is also fun as they are in the same line as the spooky tales , but are intended to be humorous and silly.All in all this is a fun book for kids of all ages and I really was glad that I went ahead and purchased one of my childhood favorites .
 I chose this book because I think its one of the best books I 've read because it 's funny and scary . The author 's name is Alvin Schwartz . He has written Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark , More Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark and Scary Stories
 If you want to read a book about terrifying and hilarious stories , then you should read the book Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark by Alvin Schwartz.This book is about scary stories but funny stories too ! Do you believe in ghosts and do you like hunting ? Well then next time you go hunting watch out for the Wendigo . He 'll call your name and you 'll start going crazy and then he gets you ! Do you like visiting haunted houses ? Well next time do n't go to one with a chimney and do n't go with your dog because Me Tie Doughty walker will get you and your dog will die of fright . If you go to an apartment and someone calls your phone saying he 's the Viper because he 's just coming to vipe the vindows . Also when you go to a haunted hotel take a band-aid because some guy is going to come out of the closet with bloody fingers.We would recommend this book to any body who likes hilarious and creepy stories . It makes you feel scared when spine-tingling parts happen and eager if something exciting is about to happen . We give it five stars because it 's terrifying and electrifying . This report was by Marco , Tyler , and Justin .
 Forget Alvin Schwartz !!! The stories in these books are merely collected from folklore . They 're nothing but old campfire tales . They are told in a very basic format that did n't invoke any feelings of fear in my little 12 year old mind back in good old ' 92 . Hey , I even think there was some sort of appendix in the back that provided more real-world explainations of some of the stories or where the old folklore came from . H.P. Lovecraft said that the greatest fear is fear of the unknown . I 'll say that the stories alone would have given these books maybe three stars . It 's the pictures . They are so beautifully crafted and surreal . You ca n't quite make out the details , yet at the same time , everything that is rotten or dilapidated stands out right away . I have never seen the style anywhere else , not in any art book , not in any museum , not in any history book , nothing !!! Stephen Gammell is truly an artist . I do n't care about all those artists that slap a bunch of shapes together and then give it some fancy name . So the style 's original , but TRUE art is what envokes real EMOTIONS in us , whether it 's music , movies , or pictures . Music is often celebrated for its technical complexity . Well that is worthless if I do n't FEEL anything when I listen !! It 's the same with these pictures . I could look at Picasso all day and not feel a thing , but all I have to do is pick up one of these three books without even reading the stories and I already know great art when I see it . Contained within these volumns is a world where the eyeless , skinless dead emerge from the night-mist half-rotten with long hair flying . Even the living people in these pictures look diseased . Even now , the pictures in these books make me afraid to be alone . Never in my life have I experienced such gripping trepidation . Have you ever SMELLED fear ? It 's like old copper . Bow down to the all-powerful Stephen Gammell . Actually , I will say that there are some stories that do scare me without the aid of the pictures . There is one in the first book about heads falling down the chimney . You hear a voice approaching in the woods , and then down it comes . The Window in the second book has gotten me afraid of dark windows at night , and the picture to that one ? Oh boy , weeeeeee !!!!!!! All in all , get this book for the sheer art contained therein . Warning though
 I first read these books when they were originally published , in 1986 , when I was 13 . The stories are mostly folklore , which I was familiar with , but the pictures added a new , grisly dimension of horror . I recently dug the books out of storage , and at 25 , I still find them incredibly creepy ! I think perhaps the age range is a bit low -- the drawings are quite graphic in their depiction of rotting corpses and strange , amorphous beings floting through the night -- but still , they are wonderful little books for a budding horror enthusiast like I was ! I think , however , they 'll be packed away until my 20 month old girl is about 14 years old ...
 Scary Stories to tell in the darkHow would you like to be woken up by the sound of a ghost walking up the stairs toward your room ? I would n't , but reading about it is fun . If you are a enthusiastic reader you might never get a chance to put it down . This book is full of fantasy and legends that have been passed down for years , but some of them are from recent times . A haunt , a man that is killed by a white wolf , and a priest in a church full of living dead . My personal favorite story is The Window . In this story a girl living with her brothers sees a creature that looks like a man stand up in the moonlight . Megan does n't think it will return and goes back to sleep . Then later in the night the creature returns and closer , Megan wants to run but is afraid it will break in before she could escape . She goes back to sleep again . At about midnight Megan hears a scratching at her window , she runs but-but you will have to read the rest to find out what happens . Since the author is the most thrilling one alive these are the most thrilling stories ever to be on the face of the earth.By Ellie
 My book is the best book ever ! It is called Scary Stories to tell in the Dark . Since there is more than one story you can never get bored with it . There is a scary part of about 5 chapters long , and there is a funny part . -LRB- It is only one chapter . -RRB- One of the scary stories you will love is the White wolf . In this story a pack of wolves keep eating farmers ' sheep . Then a butcher says he will help get rid of the sheep even though he has retired from hunting . I will not tell you any more of the story , you will just have to read it . One of the funny stories is the Viper . In this story a widower gets a phone call from the Viper , and he calls about 3 times . Then the widower calls the police . I will not tell you any more , but I will tell one more thing . I highly and truly recommend this book . On a scale of 0-10 I would give this a 9 .
 My title should say it all , but I suppose I will talk a little here as well . This set of books is unbelieveable in the sense that Schwartz 's storytelling knows exactly how to get to you . I 'm a senior in college , and yet I still remember quite vividly reading the stories and being afraid to go near the back of our yard because it backed up to a field . In book two -LRB- I believe -RRB- the story of the thing in the mirror STILL gives me chills at night -LRB- my dorm room has a full-length mirror in it , and I hang my robe over it at night ! -RRB- And , of course , my father knew just what to do to make me really remember the stories ... like sneaking up behind me when I was feeding our rabbits at night at the back of the yard -LRB- next to the field , of course -RRB- I would highly recommend this collection of stories to anyone who is young at heart , or just wants to scare the pants off of their child -LRB- or sibling -RRB- . The memories are well worth the cost of the books !
 I remember reading these as a kid and then buying all of them a few years later . The stories were great the illustrations were creepy , and like a lot of reviews , my little brother was scared of that picture in the haunted house story . well , ok it was pretty darn ugly . This is one of those books that still gives me the chills especially fro mthose pictures ? oh what a warped mind that artist had but what creative drawings they are!Now , if you think the books are scary , try listening to the cassettes . i am in my twenties and the voice of the narrator and that creepy music gives me the willies . try listening to it in a room by yourself , and see how long it takes you to run for the door ! The Scary Stories and More Scary Stories cassetes -LRB- i am not kidding -RRB- it is a kid 's tape and that music will creep you out . listen to it ! pick up the book follow along and see how long you last !
 `` Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark '' is a collection of 29 short stories taken from American and British folklore :1 . -RRB- `` The Big Toe '' - a young boy and his family make a meal out of a toe they find in their garden , only to have the owner of the toe want it back . This story has an alternate ending . 2 . -RRB- `` The Walk '' - two men walking down the same road at night fear each other . 3 . -RRB- `` What Do You Come For ? '' - a lonely old woman wishes for company . 4 . -RRB- `` Me Tie Dough-ty Walker ! '' - a boy and his singing dog spend the night in a haunted house . -LRB- I really did n't understand this one . -RRB- 5 . -RRB- A poem about `` A Man Who Live in Leeds '' . `` Some say this rhyme does n't mean anything '' -- and they 're right . 6 . -RRB- `` Old Woman All Skin and Bone '' - a song with music notes about an old woman , a preacher , and the topic of death . 7 . -RRB- `` The Thing '' - two friends are approached by a skeleton being , which results in one of their deaths a short time later . 8 . -RRB- `` Cold As Clay '' - a farmer tries to keep his daughter away from her boyfriend , yet they ca n't be separated , even by death . This has a good creepy ending and is one of my favorite stories in this book . 9 . -RRB- `` The White Wolf '' - a prosperous wolf hunter searches for an elusive white wolf . 10 . -RRB- `` The Haunted House '' - a preacher tries to put a young woman 's ghost to rest by seeking her killer . 11 . -RRB- `` The Guests '' - a husband and wife spend the night in a house that does n't exist . 12 . -RRB- `` The Hearse Song '' - a -LSB- upset -RSB- song -LRB- with music notes -RRB- about the process of decomposition -LRB- `` the worms crawl in , the worms crawl out '' -RRB- . 13 . -RRB- `` The Girl Who Stood On a Grave '' - as a bet , a young girl must find a grave to stand on and then place a knife in the earth -- only she never leaves the graveyard . 14 . -RRB- `` A New Horse '' - a witch turns a farm hand into a horse , except her spell backfires on her in the end . 15 . -RRB- `` Alligators '' - a woman fears her husband and two sons are turning into alligators . 16 . -RRB- `` Room For One More '' - a man is approached by a stranger who drives a hearse . 17 . -RRB- `` The Wendigo '' - a hunter and his Indian guide travel into the woods , but only one survives the fatal trip . 18 . -RRB- `` The Dead Man 's Brains '' - this one is not a story , so much as an idea for Halloween
 I remember this book and its sequel well , not sure if I read the third one.As a kid I loved it yet it brought me into a world of dread.I know I slept with the light on at times.I do not know why these books have been so etched into my subconscious.They definitely have.Alot of todays kids are fans of GooseBumps.Nothing at all scary about those.The pics and stories are usually comical.These books are entirely different.They are like party invite cards from beyond the veil of death.Some of the stories are old and well known.The stories alone do not make them frightening it is the illustrations with the stories.Even if you are an adult and love horror check these books out!The illustrations could give all of you nightmares.So when you see them think of how a kid would feel looking at them.They are more scary than alot of images in horror movies . Ahhh but to describe the illustrations.Ever seen the silent German Expressionist film Nosferatu?If so you know that it is scarier than any vampire flick now.He has a Demonic rodent look.It gave you the feeling of being in a nightmare.Being in a world which you have no control.Well that is the effect of these illustrations.If Salvador Dali and Max Ernst ever were to see these books they would love them.The illustrations are all black and white.Many leering and decaying corpses.Everything distorted by mist amorphous shapes which you can make slight details on emerging from the fog.I remember the illustration to one of the stories called `` Oh Susanna '' , I have not seen anything like it.It is worthy of an art gallery.It creates feelings of dizzines and a transcendent euphoria if you were to sit and stare at it.Utterly horrible yet you are hypnotized as it strikes you with its venom.As I said if you are a fan of late German Expressionism or Surrealism you will cherish this book.Is it suitable for kids?Yes older ones and ones that can handle this sort of thing.Regardless of that you need not be a kid to enjoy this ... . In conclusion if you love horror as much as I do BUY THIS BOOK!You will not be disappointed .
 So ten or fifteen years ago , when I was in elementary school , this was definitely the NUMBER ONE MOST FREQUENTLY CHECKED-OUT LIBRARY BOOK , EVER . If you wanted this book in your hot little hand for just two days , you had to stand at the counter and wait for someone to turn it back in , just so you could snatch it up before the librarian got it back onto the shelf . No joke.America 's a young country , of course , so our idea of `` American folklore '' often falls into the sphere of Urban Legend . That does n't mean this book is any less literary , of course
 I love these books . I used to check them out at the library when I would spend the summers at my grandparents . The stories are great and the illustrations are even better .
 I was first introduced to this book when I was in elementary school , and quickly became hooked on the entire series -LRB- there are three `` Scary Stories '' books by Schwartz -RRB- . These are stories - macabre and scary , with some scary songs and some funny tales thrown in - that are , as the title says `` collected from American folklore . '' These stories put me on a path of studying folklore in my spare time that continues today , and I really came to appreciate folktales and American lore as a result of reading these.A word of caution , however - while these books are a lot of fun , I remember being very , very scared by some of them , and that is no exaggeration . I urge you to use your discretion . However , this is still a great book , and recommended to be read a loud .
 Okay , I had all three books when I was a kid . The original ones look like their worth some money so I 'll be kicking myself in the back later . If these new ones stay true to the stories from the 90 's editions , then you need to buy all three of them for your kids . The stories are pretty freaky for kids , but if I recall , most of them do state some lessons to be learned . Definitely buy all three .
 Ordered a lightly used copy of this book , thinking I 'd share a bit of my childhood with my son -LRB- also wanted to get a copy before the market is flooded with the new editions with the weak illustrations . -RRB- Was told it would arrive by mid-April , received it in late March . And it was indeed a lightly used copy of ` Scary Stories ' with original illustrations . And for $ 4 ? Not even Half Price books can beat that , if they have what you are looking for at all . Mine was a simple desire to fill , but this seller did it well by describing the merchandise accurately and mailing promptly . Thanks !
 Nice short stories for bed time . One to two pages in length each . My daughter wanted scary stories and this book fits the bill .
 I really enjoyed reading this book . Short stories suit me well . Will buy more to read , a good distraction from what is really going on in this world . For little and big kids like me .
 My daughter loves this book ; I decided to take a look and love it as well . There are some genuinely scary stores here !
 If you love reading scary stories , this book is for you.If you have read and are a fan of the Scary stories to tell in the dark series , this book is perfect for you.Because I would consider this book the today 's Scary stories to tell in the dark book for today 's young generation.It consists of spine chillers that contain some twisted humor.The drawings inside are wicked looking as well.Perfect for reading and sharing at sleep overs . Or just reading it alone under a blanket with a flashlight to keep the slithering shadows away.This is a good book for Grade school Middle school and even High school kids.I recommend teaches to get this book for their English reading classes , and even for study hall .
 While I do admit that these stories are no longer capable of scaring me , I also understand the fact that ... this is a children 's book . That being said , if you are not 12 and under , you might find some of the stories rather bland -- especially if you 're a serious horror fan.Anyway , this book is great for campfire/sleepover/Halloween party-type settings . They 're pretty short , but still quite enjoyable . My father read these books to my siblings and I as children during the month of October , and they scared the crap out of us.The illustrations ... weird , scary , freaky stuff . Bottom line . In my opinion , the pictures are even scarier than the actual stories . I 'm 26 now , and some of them still creep me out to this very day . So , if you 're intending to read these stories aloud , then make sure that you show the pictures to add to the scare factor.Overall , I still enjoy this collection of stories . I highly suggest giving them a shot .
 This book came out a long time ago . I read it when it first came out and it introduced me into the world of ghosts and and lore . I was 12 years old then in 1982 and even now when I pick it up to read ... it still takes me back to the feeling ... when I first picked it up and sent shivers down my spine ... in a fun way of course . The stories and the drawings were perfect together . A great book . I have all 3 volumes now and I hope he comes out with a 4th one soon.Thanks Alvin and Stephen for scaring the pants off of me when I was 12 .
 I am now 20-years old , and over the weekend I enjoyed a bonfire with family . Everyone wanted to hear a scary story , but no one could remember any good ones . I immediately thought of this book , and regret not still having it.Moms , dads , kids , librarians ! THIS IS THE BEST BOOK for anyone who likes an ORIGINAL , old-fashioned scary story to tell in the dark!When I was around ten-years old , every single time I went to the library I would look for Schwartz 's name in the card catlaog.Please , please delight your kid -LRB- s -RRB- with the best scary stories ever !! Seeing the illustrations alone could creep anyone out.I know it sounds like I 'm really trying to sell this book , but TRUST ME , I 'm not related to or friends with anyone that makes money off this book . I just want kids everywhere to have the same fond and freaky memories !
 I remember reading this for the first time , when i was very young , maybe 3rd grade , 1993 , and it was the scariest thing book -LRB- before i experienced exorcist -RRB- I think what made this book so scary to me was because i had a very active imagination , and i could picture all the events going on , while i was reading it . recently , i found my old copy in the garage now , 11 years later , i read it , and i didnt ' find it scary at all . I thought it would have been scarier maybe if the author had elaborated more on the stories , and gave more details to the envirement and atmosphere of the story . Every story in the book ends very abruptly , and it does n't send any chill up my spine . i 'll give you an example , one story ends `` the next day they were found dead '' thats it . . I give this book 4 stars because i liked it so much when i was a kid , but when you 're an adult , you should expect more in a book . Most of the stories here can be read in less than 3 minutes , -LRB- i remember it taking me more than a half hour when i was 7 -RRB- and they are n't very satisfying . If you 're a parent , buy the book for your kids , sometimes its good to be scared , kids have better imaginations than adults , and this book is great just for them . by the way , the drawings are sick , and maybe thats why this book is banned from many schoools , i doubt its the stories.awaiken@hotmail.com
 Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark did n't really have much of a plot , since it is a collection of short stories . In one of the stories , The Girl who Stood on the Grave , the plot is a girl was given a dollar to prove that if you stand on a grave , then the person who 's grave it was would n't grab you and pull you under . She was to stick a knife in the grave so her friends know she was there . She put the knife through the grave , and tried to get away , but she that she was being held back , and she died of fright . The setting is at a graveyard at night . The conflict is that the girl tried to prove the fact that if you stand on a grave at night , then the person under it will pull you in wrong . It was n't resolved , but the girl died of fright because she thought she was being pulled under , when she had just put the knfe through her dress on accident .
 This is the perfect collection of scary stories for kids going off to slumber parties or camp-outs . Many of them end with a `` jump '' factor , and they are good , creative , scary stories . G-rated , but still scary.Good clean fun for your kids.For little brother or sister , try `` in a Dark , Dark Room , '' an early reader by Alvin Schwartz and Dirk Zimmer for kindergarteners/first graders who just want something a LITTLE LESS scary .
 Jensen has expanded Ch . 12 of his excellent Brain-based Learning into this valuable contribution to educators in summarising and highlighting the importance of movement and activities for learning . The distinction between explicit learning -LRB- test-oriented lecture , textbooks , research , video , and discussion -RRB- and implicit learning -LRB- dance , theater , physical education , recess , aerobics , energizers , sports , and simple games -RRB- is useful . This book makes a strong case for implicit learning . Those who are familiar with Jensen 's work can expect a good , up-to-date grounding in brain functioning and the scientific basis of various practices . Most readers will find the book an informative , readable resource . Numerous drawings and charts facilitate the understanding . `` 65 all-time best activators '' have been selected . In trying to give an overall coverage , some areas may inevitably be given short shrift . For example , practitioners of Brain Gym are leading in introducing movement in education with great results based on research . But page 35 says that students of Brain Gym `` may be merely benefiting from the extra attention '' . However , the book is unique as a relevant , eye-opening introduction .
 I really enjoyed reading this book . It was the assigned text for a graduate level class I took . There are great ideas for adding energizers and purposeful movement activities to your classroom day .
 Since this book is a review of the original `` The Savage Frontier '' , I think it 's indispensable for the Forgotten Realms master that likes wilderness adventures . I 'm looking for this book for 3 years and I 'd appreciate if anyone could tell me where to find and buy it .
 Its awsome ! Does anybody out there have a copy or knows who has a copy they are willing to sell ? I have been looking for this thing for about four years now ! Please send your price lists to Anthony Thomas 1255-C Langley Ave Grand Forks ND 58204 . THANKS
 Why this has not been made into a movie is utterly beyond me.Abraham Merrit is far older than any of the authors whose books have had the full front cover art that you see on some of these editions . On my book cover there is a full and detailed image of Kal Kr&uacute;h , the terrible creature in the story.As I 'm in the process of translating this into an audio drama , I shoudl say some things . Merrit comes from a far earlier age , closer to HG Wells , for instance , than Asimov , and this is rather apparent in the voice of the dialogue . It comes a litle too fast in the book to begin with , though there is a way of making the material slightly re-ordered in time to fit modern tastes . Far , far better is his descriptive imagery , and here Merrit easily equals any of the contemporary fantasy authors . Given that he could probably not afford the long drawn out creative proces per book as such , he could no doubt have drawn even larger illustrations of his post 1st world war world of unexplored paradises and mysteries . We probably have enough , though . In this book , Leif , a young adventurer with an Indian companion , goes north after a family dispute to hunt for a while . Finds some strange geography and a confrontation with a single bizarre incident from his own past , something he only dreams about . Read on if you can get the book . Contact me if you ca n't . I 'll be announcing the release of the audio drama in a year or two ,
 After taking a brief respite -- in the hardboiled yet outre crime thriller `` Seven Footprints to Satan '' -- from the tales of adventurous fantasy at which he so excelled , Abraham Merritt returned in fine form with `` Dwellers in the Mirage '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- . In this terrific novel , Merritt revisits many of the themes and uses many of the ingredients that made his first novel , `` The Moon Pool , '' such an impressive success . Like that early work , `` Dwellers '' features a lost civilization -LRB- of the type grandfathered by the great H. Rider Haggard -RRB- , battling priestesses , civil wars , and otherdimensional creatures -LRB- in the earlier book , a light creature ; in `` Dwellers , '' an octopuslike nasty named Khalk ` ru that dissolves whatever life-form it touches -RRB- . In this marvelous fantasy , we meet Leif Langdon , who is hiking through the foothills of the Endicott Mountains in northern Alaska with his Native American buddy . Years before , Leif had witnessed an arcane religious ritual in Mongolia , and been told by the Uighur tribesmen there that he was a descendant of Dwayanu , an ancient Mongolian king . Leif and his buddy discover a hidden valley covered by a freak Alaskan mirage , and meet the golden-skinned pygmy peoples and the Mongolian descendants that reside therein . Before long , in an instance of extreme atavism , Dwayanu takes over Leif 's mind and personality , and aids him in his upcoming trials . Leif must eventually encounter a civil war between the valley 's inhabitants ; the storming of the fugitive city of Sirk ; the charms of a witch woman with the most appropriate name of Lur ; giant leeches ; AND the aforementioned Khalk ` ru . The book is just brimming with marvelous imagination and endless wonder , and the reader will never guess what outrageous incidents will pop up next . Merritt was truly at the top of his form with `` Dwellers , '' and threw in great detail to keep the whole conceit afloat . There are amusing side characters , interesting species of flora and fauna , some historical and metaphysical speculations , and bits of unusual anthropology . The tale proceeds with great drive and purpose , and concludes most satisfactorily , indeed . `` Dwellers in the Mirage '' has been included in Cawthorn & Moorcock 's excellent overview volume `` Fantasy
 Simply put , this book is what other writer strive to achieve . It has a little of everything
 Very much in the tradition of Edgar Rice Burroughs and H. Rider Haggard , Merritt was one of the early avatars of swords & sorcery fantasy novels . He emerged from the pulp magazines of the 50s to write novels which went on to influence a generation after him . _ Dwellers in the Mirage _ I found to be a very nice combination of all the things that make early fantasy readable . By turns sly and frightening and full of the high-hat adventure that characterizes speculative fiction of this period.Leif Langdon feels as though he never really belonged in the modern world and this feeling is confirmed when he disappears into a separate society hidden by a natural phenomenon . He feels strangely at home with this lost society and discovers the role that he was meant to play in life.Trainspotters may be interested in noting that Merritt went on sometime after this book to co-author a story with Lovecraft . After reading about the Khalk ` ru I am certainly curious who was influencing whom .
 Well , this is one of those `` walk out of the world and into someplace very different '' novels , put into an exploration of exotic -LRB- to the 1920 's person -RRB- locals.It ought to be a classic of the Genre , but it seems that nobody reads it and nobody publishes it either . A shame . I 'm NOT going to say much , except to beware the monstrous Dwanyu .
 This is surely one of the finest fantasy/lost race novels ever written . Back in 1969 during a parade I ran into a boy of 14 in the crowd and we somehow got on the subject of Merritt . He was an enthusiastic fan and told me that his friends shared the same tastes . He said that there was a paperback bookstore near his school where the kids hung out , and that was the place to find Merritt books . It would appear that in the 42 years since then , this fondness of boys for Merritt has somehow evaporated completely . It is their loss ! The style of this book is taut , sparse , no-nonsense . Merritt comes right to the point . The action never lets up . There are two different endings to this novel , one forced on Merritt by his editor , and one by Merritt himself . I read the 1962 paperback and fear that this has the editor 's ending , but in any case I liked it . I have no idea what the alternate ending is like . This title was included in Moorcock 's list of the 100 best fantasy novels , and it deserves to be there . People whose idea of literature is realistic novels would find this book silly , childish and low-brow , a pulp thriller for teenagers . Well , they are partly right , but those of us who go for this sort of thing must consider this a masterpiece .
 This book employes many of the themes one would expect from a pulp adventure story , particularly one written in the 1930 's
 Stroud got it exactly right . A realistic look at life as a police officer in a country as diverse as Canada . From the drug squad in Vancouver to policing the native reserves of Northern Ontario . Stroud tells it like it is not like Hollywood would have you believe it . I read this book in high school 14 years ago . It made me want to be a cop a decision I 've never regretted . Read this book !!
 I borrowed this book to learn the rudiments of the Estonian language to prepare for a trip to Estonia . This is a college textbook , and it is very thorough . Each unit divided into -LRB- 1 -RRB- basic sentences in Estonian -LRB- with English translations -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- notes on grammar , -LRB- 3 -RRB- exercises with answers , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- conversations . The back of the textbook has an excellent glossary -LRB- dictionary -RRB- . In the preface , the author says '' -LSB- T -RSB- he availability of a native speaker of Estonian for covering the material ... would be especially important at the initial stage of study , for going over the pronunciation exercises and the first units . '' For self-study , this book is rough going . There are no maps of Estonia , no photos , and no charts or tables ; the book consists of only typewritten pages . There are also no accompanying cassettes for practice . The glossary in the back of the book lists the Estonian words with the English translation . A suggested improvement
 This book is described on how-to-learn-any-language . com as `` the most comprehensive Estonian course available '' . Unfortunately Amazon does not offer the 32 audio CDs/tapes that are integral to the course . Eight of the first nine units of audio are available free online at Indiana University . The complete course -LRB- text and audio -RRB- is available at Audio Forum and Multilingual Books.See you at the Song and Dance Celebration in July 2009 !
 This is the assured second short story collection by the terrific Kentucky writer Crystal Wilkinson . This author has met the challenge of voice - the people of Water Street sound just like themselves . Their speech and their inner dialogue ease into the reader 's head and heart , and stick there.Reasons to read this book :1 . The dialogue . As a white person , I felt privileged to read the generous language of black culture , which this African American author uses with verve . Ms. Wilkinson lets me and readers like me in on the secrets of another culture and language , and it 's exciting .2 . The drama between outer and inner lives . The author 's skilled hand paints the particular customs and habits of the interwoven outer lives of the people of Water Street at the same time she reveals to readers the particular secrets , griefs , traumas , and hopes of these compelling characters . The result is fresh , a combination of solid description of what anyone could see by looking and juicy surprises that lie beneath the mostly benificent surfaces of both people and place .3 . The complex , believable men . The author paints women with accuracy and insight - but we expect this of an accomplished woman writer . The bonus here is the men . The men in this book are like most men you and I know . They are n't voracious womanizers ; they are n't child abandoners ; they are humans . They think about their lives , they want to do well , they make mistakes , they work , grieve , and try to fix problems . Ms. Wilkinson 's male characters live multi-dimensional lives , and she takes us straight into their ways of seeing their actions , mistakes , and hopes . This is healthy and so unlike the stereotyped , lightly sketched male types that fill much contemporary literature -LRB- and the news -RRB- that it is reason enough to read this book .4 . The authenticity of the few individual relationships between white and black characters . This book presents an honest picture of the `` outliers '' in both races who try , at times , to vault over race-based barriers to be humans together . We should put this book in a time capsule from 2002 ; it shows us as we are right now , after outright racial segregation has been illegal for decades , but before black and white Americans have made the changes we must make to live equitably and easily together , with mutual respect and appreciation .5 . The universality of the characters ' lives , problems , and experiences . Like all good tales , these particular stories of mostly African American people on Water Street in a small Kentucky town tell us much about our own humanity , no matter how different we think we are from the characters . The stories reassure us , challenge us , and , thanks to the author 's great gift for gentle revelation , teach us who we are and who we can become .
 Oops ! Crystal 's done it again ! Weaving in and out of the lives of everyday people , letting their pain , happiness and fears be heard ! Ms. Wilkinson opens the front door and walks you right up to the kitchen table and flows thru the stories like setting you down to a good old southern feast . She tales a story in the same class as Gayle Jones and Toni Cade Bambara ! Her characters make you laugh and cry all within the quick turn on a page . This book is a must have for every reader who likes a ` down-home ' good tale . Water Street is a true testament to the constant evolution of her natural craft . Her hard work has paid off . This shows that she is comming full-circle as a woman and a writer !! I am proud to add this to my collection of great African American fiction .
 Crystal Wilkinson 's Water Street is an engaging novel thattransports the reader to a middle-class neighborhood in small town Stanford , Kentucky , USA . The residents are hardworking , law-abiding citizens who go to work , church , pay their taxes , and raise their families to the best of their abilities . In the opening passages of the book , the author mentions that every person has two stories to tell
 Water Street is a collection of short stories that revolve around small town life . The inhabitants of Water Street each have a tale and they share their experiences with us throughout this book . The characters are so lifelike and their experiences so real , you feel at home and as though you know each of them individually . Dealing with topics such as love and loss , the stories are full of emotions . They had me laughing one minute , crying the next . This book is a testament to small communities and the people that live within them . Crystal Wilkinson has done a superb job with this novel . I can not wait to read more from this author.Reviewed by Latoya Carter-QawiyyThe RAWSISTAZ Reviewers
 These stories fill the senses like mouthfuls of home-cooked food , each just the right amount of swallow . Her characters are well-drawn and appear in the eye long after the last word is read , and the interweaving of the caharcters ' lives send you back to other stories for a second read , a better understanding , that you did n't get the first time . Crystal has the ability to write a scene worthy of a camera , and she `` nestles '' us in her words , her Water Street .
 Water Street , Wilkinson 's follow-up to Blackberries , Blackberries , once again sets the reader right in the middle of Kentucky culture . Focusing her short stories on fictional inhabitants of Water Street creates a novel-like feel in the character studies exploring the interconnectedness of the characters of Water Street . Wilkinson 's stories examine human experience without being preachy . Wilkinson again demonstrates the challenges and joys of the human experience through her exquisite use of vernacular , description , setting and character .
 I read `` Water Street '' in one sitting . I could n't put it down . The characters are warm , the writing is pitch-perfect and the stories flow like Jim Beam . Crystal Wilkinson is Alice Walker on Prozac .
 The author of this book , Dennis William Hauck , is a practicing alchemist versed in both Eastern and Western techniques of alchemy and widely recognized as one of the world 's leading experts on the ancient art and the benefits it offers contemporary practitioners . Now , in Sorcerer 's Stone , the first basic primer on the subject , he makes alchemy 's secrets and powers accessible to everyone with the desire to experience physical , mental , and spiritual transformation . By providing clear explanations , moving meditations , and hands-on experiments making tinctures and elixirs , this beautifully illustrated guide passes on the knowledge and creative energy of alchemy 's magnificent discipline-sending a golden arc of learning from thousands of years in the past into your life today.Hauck present a fascinating history of alchemy - from the ancient Emerald Tablet to modern quantum chemistry - and elaborates on its arcane principles in an intimate , conversational way that anyone can understand . His portrayals of individual alchemists -LRB- like Flamel , Fulcanelli , and Isaac Newton -RRB- bring them alive and show how they built on each other 's work through an `` Underground River '' of secret knowledge passed down through the ages.Moreover , Hauck makes clear that alchemy is a means of personal transformation that enables you to meet your highest potential as a human being . Although the alchemists spoke in terms of vessels , furnaces , and chemicals , they were really talking about changes taking place in their own inner nature . They worked with the archetypal energies of metals to change their own `` temperament '' from lead to gold - to rejuvenate their bodies , integrate their personalities , and perfect the very essence of their souls . The bizarre drawings and cryptic writings of the alchemists refer to specific operations that work on all levels of body , mind , and spirit . Today , enlightened physicians and healers are demonstrating that alchemical methods can protect and rejuvenate the body and even heal brain and spinal cord injuries.Complete with alchemical engravings from the Middle Ages as well as insightful charts and diagrams , this illuminating handbook will teach aspiring alchemists the true art of transformation . Chapters
 Many people are aware of alchemy as a precursor to modern lab chemistry , but less know of the alchemists ' spiritual goals . Hauck 's introduction to modern alchemy stresses this philosophy of personal transformation , where the practitioner 's `` leaden '' personality is transmuted into the `` gold '' of an enlightened spirit . Hauck starts out with a chapter on how modern practitioner 's view alchemy then moves on to a summary of the history and myths . The bulk of the book is devoted to applications . He gives a detailed discussion of the symbolism of the metals and planets , which includes a meditations and a few lab exercises . He ends by describing the chemical operations and how they correspond to spiritual , psychological , and physical changes that accompany spiritual development , again with exercises.For the most part , Hauck does an excellent job descrbing the symbols and operations clearly for someone new to the subject . I liked how he includes examples of some of the wonderful old alchemical illustrations and carefuIly explains the symbolism in them . I also greatly liked his breif aside on how the film version of 2001
 `` Sorcerer 's Stone - A Beginner 's Guide to Alchemy '' by Dennis William Hauck is a really nice book . It has something for everyone who is interested in alchemy and ties it all together . There is history , philosophy , theory , practical laboratory work for the novice , and psychological and inner exercises as well . Well written , illustrated , indexed , and with a very handy and detailed glossary , I recommend Hauck 's `` Sorcerer 's Stone '' to anyone interested in alchemy . You will be glad you read it , and re-read it again . On a personal level I have shared several lengthy emails with the author , and have spoken to several of his students -LRB- via the Flamel College with which he is affiliated -RRB- , and everyone had kind and generous words to say about him . This alone says volumes .
 There is no one better suited to brew a beginners guide together than Dennis . His background , research , travels , lectures and other books are all proof of his knowledge in alchemy . What makes him perfect for such subject matter is that Dennis is an alchemists first and an author second .
 This is an excellent beginner primer to Western Alchemy and its tenets . The author does a good job of presenting and explaining the symbolism of Western Alchemy , and the relationship of the planetary and elemental energies to alchemy . More importantly , he emphasizes the importance of doing internal work and explains how Western Alchemy can be used for internal work . This is an excellent starter book for anyone who wants to learn about the fundamental basics of alchemy .
 I wa svery happy with the author 's style of writing in this book . He presents a down to earth format which can be easily understood and utalized by anyone looking for information on alchemy . I deffinently reccomend this book if you want to discover alchemy for yourself .
 My order came within a short time of ordering it . :-RRB- It came in good condition and factory sealed . ^_^ Thank you very much . ^_^ Tammi
 the book has a lot of useful insights and info about doc . it is harder than the Barnouw book because it is less chatty but it is also rich in food for thought . It takes up things like ethics and documentary style , how different kinds of documentary are similar and different , and how the human body is a really important topic in documentary , pornography and anthropology .
 Representing Reality theorizes documentary in all-round perspectives . Among others , I think this book is important especially in that it raises the question of reality per se . Documentary has always been marginal not only in discourse but also in cinema industry , under the poor understanding of reality . I think Nichols 's notion of `` reflexivity '' is a key concept itself in understanding documentary , which also provides a good alternative reading regarding what is documentary or not . I think this book will give you a great deal of food for thought , when you have ever contemplated what is real and when we become to question about what we are seeing , not only in films but also in real life .
 The photography is inspirational -- whether you are a shutter bug or trying to grasp the details that make this part of the world 's interiors so beautiful . Striking colors , well-chosen compossions -- this book is a must have . My only regret is the lack of printed information that would educate me on the fine details and intricate subtilies of this design form.Still , a must have for anyone with interest in photography or the striking vistas on can create for their home or garden .
 I really liked this book , as well as Moroccan Style . I felt this book was a little more comprehensive on the styles by region of Morocco and showed more traditional design .
 This is one of the better books I 've seen that gives a real feeling for Morocco , their lifestyle , culture , colours , ambience etc. . There 's a wonderful balance of writing and photographs -LRB- none of which are `` touristy '' style pics ! -RRB- . it 's one of those pieces where you can read & finish , and come away with a real feeling for the place , and a real respect for it 's historical contexts.My only downer is that the bookbinding technique is miles too lightweight for pages of this quality and weight , and on just the second opening the stem came unstuck and fell apart . Still , with some tender loving care this will stay on top of the coffee table for years to come.Worth grabbing if you have a romanticised love of north Africa and it 's people .
 This book is really very beautiful . I have transgressed Asian and southwestern design and this book is just what I wished for .
 I purchased this as a Christmas present for my daughter in Chicago . When itarrived , I was delighted with the physical beauty of the book - - - the back andfront covers , the weight of the pages , the feel of it in hand . It came wrapped inclear plastic that I did n't want to burst before my daughter arrived home to openher gifts on Christmas day . She was very impressed with the book , but , unfortunately , due to frenzied pace of holiday activities with family , I never actually got to examinethe book 's interior . I will do so , though , on my next trip to Chicago .
 If you want to know how Idaho is assembled geologically , this is for you . It is the most readable book on the topic and more complete than other tomes . I strongly recommend it for the amateur geologist .
 I was delighted to find these three classic childrens books in one volume . I read these stories as a child and I wanted to be able to share them with my nieces and nephews . All three books teach life lessons while presenting a fun adventure . The Mixed-up files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler is an excellent story about two children who decide to run away from home and hide in a museum . The story can be read a chapter a night . It keeps the children interested and allows them see museums in a whole new light . My second favorite book in the collection is The Rats of Nimth . The book is so realistic and compelling , you forget the main characters are rodents . Finally , M.C. Higgens the Great.The main character is quirky , fun and has so many adventures ! Truly , excellent stories to read aloud to your children or as a gift .
 I just finshed Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of Nimh . It was an ok book . It was an ok book because it was not a believable story . Another reason is because I do not like fairy tales . Rats were trained to read and write . A mouse helps a crow out of a trap . So if you like fantasy you will like this book . So go ask librarian for this book at your local libary .
 This is a great calender.Each day you rip off a page . Except on weekends there is one page that says SAT/SUN . Each page has a picture and a fact or Trivia question . It 's great getting to read the facts and the trivia questions . You can save the pages if you want too .
 I really liked this calender because it has a full color picture on almost every page . The only bad part is that saturday and sunday are combined and that some days have no pictures at all !! I even noticed printing errors . On a couple Survivor 2 pages , it had the Survivor 1 background and logo . This calender is really fun to look at . I never throw away the pages when the day is gone .
 this Calender has good Pictures I really like Jan 24th !!
 This is a great calendar , that has a picture for everyday of the week . There is a page for every day , except the Saturday and Sunday is only one page . Each page has interesting facts that every Survivor Fanatic must need to know ! It also hass trivia questions , and the riddles to almost every reward challenge and immunity . It also has everybody 's final words , all in this 365 day calendar . I highly recommend this for anyone who loves the show , or just wants to be organized !
 Written by one of the foremost erotica writers of today this volume is a collection of delicious little erotic stories to while away a daydream afternoon.There are sixty stories that range from two to three pages describing escapades , adventures , naughty memories and illicit encounters containing erotic seduction and submission to excite even the most calm and cautious of readers.Most of the stories deal with day to day situations at home , at work , dinner or just out shopping . The liasons are very short stories but provide enough details to allow the reader to lazily fill in the blanks ... . Although not every situation will fit every reader but there are some that I thought were written with me in mind ... Maria Isabel Pita is a master at writing contemporary erotica , so true to life , that the reader is able to immerse him or herself and vicariously enjoy not only the story , but the delicious real life fantasy .
 BOOK REVIEWJunk Science Judo . Self-Defense Against Health Scares and Scams by Steven J. Milloy , Cato Institute , Washington , DC , USA , 2001 , ix-xii + 218 pp.A superb manual for understanding health claims and detecting fraud , `` Junk Science Judo '' is written in a punchy , easy-to-read style that allows the mathematically challenged , like myself , to interpret the usual bell-curve statistics that are used for environmental health threats and diet threats . One may also use this approach to judge the benefits of prescription drugs or alternative treatments . He shows how to look for p values of 0.05 or less , and he shows how to use the 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CI -RRB- to see whether the low or high limit crosses the reference value of 1.00 . If it does , Milloy suggests disregarding any result that is claimed.In epidemiological or ecologic studies , Milloy suggests discarding those results in which the relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- is between 0.5 and 2.00 , whichever applies . Milloy goes far beyond the usual cautions that an association is not necessarily a cause . He is contemptuous of , but not totally dismissive of epidemiology . For Milloy , the descending pecking order of research on health hazards is
 Hardly a day can pass without hearing about some new threat to our health from something in our food or in the air that we breathe . In his lively style , Steven J. Milloy has written a `` self-defense guide '' to help the average consumer know when to be alarmed or when to proceed with life as usual.Junk Science Judo is filled with examples of questionable conclusions drawn from data from a wide variety of sources . Milloy relates how zealous lawyers can draw false or misleading inferences from scientific data in order to extract large rewards from lawsuits against defendants with deep pockets , often with collaboration from those in the `` scientific '' community who stand to profit from their `` research '' -LRB- what better way to justify large government grants to continue research into some promising area ? -RRB- . Most telling are the cases of the lawsuits involving breast implants and Agent Orange , where a total absence of evidence was ignored by courts and juries eager to punish unpopular defendants and to reward those who were definitely disadvantaged -LRB- but probably not as a result of either the implants or Agent Orange -RRB- . Despite a generally good job of writing a primer on how not to be taken in by faulty conclusions or misleading inferences of cause and effect , Chapter 11 of this book contains one significantly dubious conclusion of the author himself . In a discussion of the statistical technique of meta-analysis -LRB- a technique where the results of numerous small studies are combined to simulate one large study -RRB- , Milloy repeatedly takes stabs at this respected technique . His criticisms appear to be based mainly on questions raised in an editorial in a medical journal where the editor cited poor data quality and publication bias -LRB- i.e. , only research studies showing significant results tend to get published -RRB- as reasons for questioning conclusions from meta-analysis . Although the editor is correct , it does not follow that all meta-analysis is therefore useless . Given enough well-executed studies without bias in the findings , meta-analysis can be a very useful and enlightening tool.I highly recommend that all consumers of information either purchase this book or at least borrow it from someone , and read it thoroughly . I suspect that you will never again be able to read uncritically any account of some purported new crisis brought on by zealous lawyers , journalists or politicians . When some `` scientific '' conclusion appears to be counterintuitive , it is most likely incorrect . Subsequent research may , in fact , show that the conclusions were incorrect , but -LRB- since this is not exciting -RRB- the correction is likely not to be brought to the public 's attention . Since it is impossible to prove a negative , the burden of proof should be on the scientific community to exercise caution in releasing insignificant findings to the press . Junk science may sell newspapers or gain an audience for the evening news , but it is devastating when it causes major disruptions in the lives of people who either are n't given the whole picture or who ca n't interpret the information when it is presented.The best defense against junk science is an informed public . Read this book and you will definitely become better informed !
 Some parts of this book literally left my jaw hanging open . The endless examples of high-level fraud in government agencies and special interest groups are enough to make any logical thinker sick.Bear in mind that this book is probably not for the trained scientist . The author takes time to explain basic research concepts for the casual reader , and also interjects his own attitude to make the book more fun to read . However , for those readers who do want to check up on the author 's science , the 17-page listing of 314 cited studies should leave no question that the author beckons the audience to follow his own advice by examining his research.If I had one complaint about this book , it would be that the author often relies too heavily on quoted material . I think the author is trying to show that he was not skewing the cited studies , as would the individuals he criticizes in the book . While effective in this regard , the practice sometimes results in a monotonous pattern . The author 's comments on the quoted studies become predictable midway through the book as the reader learns to identify the glaring problems in cited research methods.In the end , this book was an excellent read for the choir to which it preaches . I would recommend it as an excellent resource for anybody who wants ammunition to fight junk science , or to back up political debate with embarrassing proof of the ineptitude on which many health/environmental policies are based . Anybody who cares about ridding public policy of special interest politics should read through this book once and keep it handy for later use as a reference tool .
 I purchased this book after spending much time on Mr. Milloy 's web site , www.junkscience.com , and found it to be an excellent primer on the way information is manipulated to serve various purposes.The book is well-written , and an easy read , with an eye toward the scientific novice . But the book focuses not so much on science , but on statistics , which are often used as a surrogate for science . Indeed , Mr. Milloy never claims to be a scientist ; his biography notes that he has a degree in statistics , making him well-qualified to criticize the misuse of such numbers.I recently had the opportunity to use the information gleaned from `` Junk Science Judo . '' A local group used a study as evidence that cranberry bogs present a cancer risk , i.e. , the hypothesis of the study was that living near cranberry bogs exposed local residents to enough pesticides to cause cancer . While the authors did find a correlation between living near cranberry bogs and a particular kind of brain cancer , it was only a correlation.This was an ecologic epidemiological study -LRB- the worst kind according to Mr. Milloy -RRB- . The authors never established that the study subjects were exposured to the pesticides used on cranberry bogs ; blood or urine samples were never obtained , but a formula was used to estimate exposure levels.There were other problems ; the sample size was too small -LRB- only a dozen individuals had brain cancer -RRB- to be of value ; cancer rates were no higher for those individuals who had known exposures to pesticides -LRB- such as pest control or agricultural workers -RRB- than for the control group ; pesticide use on the cranberry bogs could only be guessed at - the authors did not know what pesticides were used , when they were used or in what quantities.In short , the study raised more questions than answers . But when I critizied the study and the use of it , the only thing anyone could say was , `` Pesticides are toxic . '' Well , duh . But as Mr. Milloy notes , the dose makes the poison.Ironically , most of the bad reviews of this book make an issue out of motivation , and appear to be criticizing Mr. Milloy personally , instead of the book and its contents.Scientists can be activists , and when they are they often hide behind their scientific training , claiming to be impartial even as they advocate a certain point of view -LRB- believe me , I 've encountered them -RRB- . And just because a corporation pays for a study does not mean that that study is any less relevant than one paid for by an environmental organization . I 've gone so far as to research some of the examples Mr. Milloy uses -LRB- such as the Love Canal -RRB- and found them to be true.My point - and that of Mr. Milloy 's book - is to look at the claims made with a critical eye ; examine the science behind them . In `` Junk Science Judo , '' Mr. Milloy provides us with the information needed to determine if the claims made are true , exaggerated , or completely out of the ballpark . This book is not a collection of blind rants , but a close examination of how public health claims are made and justified -LRB- rightly or wrongly -RRB- . Get the book , but keep an open mind , because there is no doubt that it will challenge some of your basic assumptions . If you 're a natural skeptic , it will give you a foundation upon which to base your skepticism . If you 're not a skeptic , it will open your eyes .
 Every day American readers are given scare stories about health issues in news accounts based on some statistics and little analysis . Many accounts are circulated by special interest groups or lawyers . Milloy 's background in law and health lends to his ability to point out the fallacies of ` junk science ' and tips on how the average reader can separate junk science from real science .
 Steven Milloy is a journalist , and pundit whose principled stand on behalf of scientific logic benefits all of us . He stands side by side with Stephen Jay Gould and Michael Schermer in debunking the outrageous claims of pseudo science . Milloy attempts to provide a framework to evaluate the nonsensical claims made by individuals and organizations with agendas which are independent of the facts . It is this framework he calls `` junk science judo . '' Actually what he provides us is the kind of suspicious phraseology and statistical trickery often employed by scammers . In most cases it would take a thorough review of the claimants ' research techniques and statistical interpretation to spot the scam . We come away suspicious of almost any claim . All in all , though , Milloy is readable and he is right . Do n't miss his column , `` Junk Science , '' on the Opinion page of FoxNews.com.Postscript
 And , those who have no valid counter arguments use ad hominem attacks.If your `` Statistics for Health Professionals '' class was as incomplete as mine , then , you need this book . Finally , you will get a clear explanation of p-values , confidence intervals and study designs . Lesson 4
 If you 're tired of being frightened and victimized by the never ending procession of doom-and-gloom prognostications , this book is for you . It lucidly explains how statistics and `` scientific '' studies are routinely manipulated by groups with their own agendas who are willingly assisted by the media who are all too happy to be given a shocking headline for public consumption . After reading this book , you will never react to alarmist news reports in the same way .
 This book does a very good job of explaining , in easy to understand terms , how to tell good science from bad , how to identify the different types of studies and methods , what to keep an eye out for , and how to differentiate between anecdotes , statistics , and science.I find it quite ironic that the only negative reviews here are of the ad hominem variety of which the author warns us to be wary .
 The book , `` Junk Science Judo '' by Steven Milloy prepares you to be able to identify the junk science that gives you a false sense of security , reduces your wealth and peace of mind , and may get you fired . The fundamental purpose of this book is to defend you , friends , relatives , and your business from junk science . The definition of junk science in the book is , `` Falty scientific data and analysis used to advance a special interest '' -LRB- Milloy 34 -RRB- . There is a ton of junk science in the world as Milloy points out , such as , deception about second hand smoke , chlorinated water , breast implants , over the counter drugs , organic food , and so on . There are overwhelming amounts of people that have a false sense of security about their health from absorbing junk science.Milloy describes the types of people responsible for junk science in his book . The people involved in junk science range from small time con artists to as big as people inside government agencies . Basically anyone could be a potential candidate for posting junk science , because it is so easy to do . One example of junk science is the claim that grapefruit juice is heart healthy . There is no solid evidence that supports that claim . The con artists posting junk science go out of their way to establish a cause and effect relationship with what they are trying to prove . These people are interested in their own succession , and should not be considered scientists at all.A really captivating point in the book is that news channels , such as CNN , often report pseudoscience . Reporters are not supposed to make up lies , but the information they broadcast is not always true . Milloy brings up a good point that the news does not like debunking there own news . This book teaches you to have doubts about even the most reliable sources . Often times , many studies that back up a claim are done on small sample sizes , which often makes them useless to the population as a whole . Frequently activists put their own desires before the facts , and will say anything to promote their claim . Junk science even gets through the judicial system , and pollutes the courts and juries . Millions upon millions of dollars have been lost due to junk science legislation.After reading `` Junk Science Judo '' what you think is true , may not be true to you anymore . You will see the doubt in many of the claims that you have come across in your life . Think about this question for instance , how could you personally tell if eating cereal gave you cancer ? You ca n't . You have to take someone else 's word for it , and they could either have reliable or unreliable data . The fact of the matter is that often times you hear of the unreliable data . You will even realize that politicians use pseudoscience to get elected . Although it is wrong in every way , pseudoscience often means an easy route to the top ; that is if you do n't get caught . After reading this book you will understand the importance of the scientific method , taking an idea from a theory to a scientific law , and how generations builds upon each other 's claims.This book was easy to read in the sense that there was a lot to catch your attention , and never would you feel stuck on one topic or event . There are countless examples of junk science in this book . Each lesson teaches you more and more about how to defend yourself against junk science . The length of the book made it not discouraging to get through . It was n't too long , or filled with any dull or useless information . Even if you are a person who is stubborn , Milloy 's point that you ought to be , `` Better safe than sorry . '' -LRB- Milloy 148 -RRB- will probably end up saving your skin one day.The book `` Junk Science Judo '' shows you the key default assumptions in health risk assessments . Milloy teaches you to become aware that many researchers like to skip the testing stage , and get a conclusion with no proof . One fact is that , `` Theories , anecdotes , and assumptions are n't proof of anything '' -LRB- Milloy 225 -RRB- . I really enjoyed how much this book taught me , and prepared me for a world filled with pseudoscience . For instance when you hear big numbers , it often comes with a large amount of falsity . Statistics are not proof of anything , and many people like to use them because they lack the proof they need . As Milloy states , `` Statistics are the lingua franca of junk science . '' -LRB- Milloy 212 -RRB- , which is the truth.If you are a person who is for animal rights , there are some facts that might be upsetting toward the end of the book or in Lesson 9 to be exact . Junk scientists often get societies attention using Bioassays , or animal experiments that are often times wrongly performed . Basically the idea in this part of the book is that rats differ from humans , and what is claimed to be harmful to them , can not necessarily be claimed to harm people , but often is . The book goes over all of the epidemiologic basic studies , such as clinical trials , cohort studies , case-control studies , and ecologic studies . There are many charts and examples in the book to give you an idea of what goes on.By reading `` Junk Science Judo '' you will realize that much of the junk science you retain has been engraved in your mind throughout your life , and it will be a challenge to distinguish the pseudoscience from actual science . I agree with the author that by the end of the book you will be a black belt in junk science judo . I would highly recommend reading this book because of the life lessons it taught me .
 Today at the Bulletin , a newspaper from the Gold Coast , Australia you can read
 Next time you hear someone say , `` Well , researchers linked that to cancer . '' You will be able to say , `` When you say ` link ' , do you mean causation or correlation ? '' If you are truly sick of people scaring you with heatlh and enviromental issues , than you need this book . This book will help you ask the right questions about hysteria driven stories . You can even upset your local journalist and prove them WRONG ! This book makes an excellent gift for the worry-wart in your family who keeps screaming `` it causes cancer ! ''
 Whether you are a newbie in science , or do research , Milloy 's work is exceptionally relevant , and at the same time intensely interesting.Sadly , there seem to be very few people doing exactly what is needed in this growing area of scientific vandalism , and I applaud Milloy 's courage in writing this work and others on the same or similar topic . He shows great creativity in the style and format used to write this work . It is exceptionally interesting to read , and captivates . My copy was on my office desk for exactly three days , and then without a routing list made it way through some of the science staff.I wish I had kept the statistics on this , and could plot the exact point that this work seeded an intense discussion . Perhaps a critical mass of people had been reached , and the fallout was exceptional . I suppose it will simply take more time as more and more people read , and understand the difficulties Milloy cites . It would be a shame to re-live the problems of yesteryear , and with Milloy showing the problems before they become epidemic , a double shame.Awareness if so very difficult to acquire , but Milloy does help open eyes . I would heartily recommend this book .
 Let me begin by saying that if this book does nothing more than cause you to think for yourself and investigate the issues discussed in it , then your purchase will have been well worth it.Human beings have deeply held belief that we are the center of the universe . This metaphysical belief is demonstrated quite well , but not only , when it comes to the environment . People given over to this view will always see humans as `` the problem . '' And to a degree , that is true at certain times and in more limited circumstances . But , in a more important , unintended way , they are right
 `` There are lies , there are dam * ed lies , and then there are statistics '' . Or should I say , badly skewed and extremely bad assumptions made not on statistical analysis but emotional agendas.Perhaps the Swedish commenter above was but one of the `` so called researchers '' that was proven hysterical in this often hilariously revealing book.The greenhousers , the cancer commentators , and the news media that jumps on any outlandish story to fill in for a slow news day will HATE this book.For the rest of us Joe-Schmoe-Give-It-To-Me-Straight-Folks , we 'll LOVE it!I 'm sure we 've all learned through the media that EVERYTHING causes cancer , and we 're all a bunch of selfish people who 's own flatulence causes the earth to grow warmer and our earth to perish , and none of us on this planet seem to appreciate the fact that no one can think for themselves - that is - not without the media spoon feeding us junk science . It 's a shame there are n't more people as skeptical and practical as this guy . More starving nations would be fed . More sick people cured instead of being injured by bad science or worse ... lies . More hysteria avoided . Wow , would n't the family get togethers be alot better when everyone finally figures out that cholesterol actually is responsible for the building blocks of your brain instead of ... drum roll please ... HEART DISEASE!Go you Junk Science Debunker !
 Junk Science Judo Exposes the non-critical nature of journalists and politicians towards `` science . '' Once clothed in the garb of `` science '' any and all claims are relayed with breathless hysteria and stated with the sort of dogmatic certainty that would make the pope nervous . Of course , with each and every one of these claims , immediate action is necessary and litigation and new laws are rushed through with dramatic , life saving urgency . The reality is that one or even two scientific studies is n't enough to base legislation on . That 's where the ever so handy precautionary principle comes in . If it MIGHT be harmful , it needs to be outlawed . Like DDT . Who cares about millions of Africans dying of malaria ? DDT might -LRB- though there is little or no actual proof -RRB- be harmful to waterfowl !
 Steven Milloy 's `` Junk Science Judo '' , the complement to Milloy 's website , junkscience.com , is an easy-to-read , common sense tutorial illuminating and debunking the steady stream of health scares and scams spewing from activists , lobbyists , industry , and government on a daily basis . Aided by television and print media interested more in attracting audiences than in reporting fact , Milloy exposes the less-than-pure motives behind the so-called science , offering a layman 's explanation of the tools , techniques , and statistical analysis to determine fact from fraud , and to draw logical conclusions independent of the hype . While some of the chapters discussing the actual statistical technique may run a bit dry , for the most part this is a quick and entertaining read . In addition to taking on controversial topics like DDT , PCBs , and dioxin , Milloy debunks popular environmental mega myths including Agent Orange , Love Canal , Cancer Clusters , Three Mile Island , and others . While you may have always believed the `` science '' behind much today 's highly publicized health risks suspect , `` Junk Science Judo '' will arm you with the facts behind the politics , and some common sense to counter the hysteria .
 I used this book as a supplement to my statistics and QA courses . The book is pretty well written and points out some great examples of the misuse of statistics .
 If you are unaware that most of what is broadcast as fact is really only Theoretic because even when a scientific study has been done but not repilicated it is still only someone 's theory , this book will be an eye opener . As another author has said , `` There are statistics , statistic and damned lies . '' On the other hand if you are not `` up '' for having your pet theory debunked as junk science better not read this book .
 I used this book as a supplement to my statistics and QA courses . The book is pretty well written and points out some great examples of the misuse of statistics .
 A wonderful assortment of recipes for the common , and uncommon onion . It gives many new variations on some pretty old recipes , making possible the refreshment of some old stand-bys that you may not be willing to make in their old way.Ms Moon obviously loves food and sharing her passion for it ; its hard to resist her enthusiasm . The bread recipes included in the book , all containing some type of onion , are particularly enticing . A couple of her recipes , for soda bread and champ , brought back vivid and happy recollections of visiting Ireland . This a great book for both the accomplished cook and , like me , a dedicated amateur .
 If as a flyfisherman , you want to work harder to make a cast , of whatever distance , then heed the negative review listed regarding this book , and learn to cast or continue to cast according to a clock . On the other hand if you want to learn how to cast a fly rod using much less effort , and cast a fly further than you ever did before , buy this book , read it , and PRACTICE the principles described in `` The Cast '' . Lefty Kreh has described Ed Jaworowski as the best fly casting instructor he has ever known . How could you not learn something good from the best .
 I recomend this book to anyone who wants to improve your distance and feel of the cast.This book teaches you to stop thinking about the clock face , 11oclock , 1 oclock ect . and to load and point the rod the correct way .
 With the application of physics -LRB- do n't let that scare you -RRB- , Ed Jaworowski has debunked the `` old school '' method of casting a fly . Sure to be called heresy by many , this is an easily understood , practical method of learning to cast great distances with relative ease.Ed and his mentor Lefty Kreh are the leading proponents of this `` new '' style of casting , which is destined to become THE method to be taught in years to come , especially with the rapid growth of saltwater flyfishing , where 100-yard casts are common , and 15 knot breezes are all part of a normal day at the beach.For anyone thinking about taking a shot at stripped bass or bluefish , or even for someone who 'd just like to be able to throw a 40 foot cast with a minimum of effort , this book should not be missed !
 This has to be the best book ever written on the subject of fly-casting . If you seriously want to become a good caster , you must get this book . It is a no-nonsense , ` cut to the bone ' book on what really is required to make a good cast . Much casting is demonstrated by series of high speed photography frames showing what is -LRB- or should be -RRB- going on with the rod , line and arm at any given point during the cast.It also describes how to make advanced casts such as `` Roll '' , `` Hook '' and `` Steeple '' casts.Also consider the author 's other book - `` Troubleshooting the Cast '' .
 This book is a must have for fly fishers of all levels . Ed Jaworowski does a great job explaining the principals of the cast , the problems , solutions and tips to help all fly casters . I highly recommend this book .
 I started fly fishing for trout in the watershed for NYC , which was pleasant and uncrowded at one time , though it is neither now . In any case , the streams were small and brushy and being an obsessive , I tried about a dozen rods before settling on what I liked to cast -- a short fiberglass rod from Scott . Then one day I decided to buy a fast action saltwater rod to fish for stripers in the Long Island sound . I quickly learned that I did n't really know how to cast that kind of rod that kind of distance , let alone into the wind . About a year later , I took an introductory class on fly fishing with my father whom I had talked into learning the sport . Ed Jaworowski was the teacher . I can say first hand that he can cast a fly line an incredible distance -- and he can teach how . His book had just come out at the time , though I did n't acquire a copy until recently . After all these years , I can say that this is an excellent book on casting the fly rod in a way that maximizes the efficiency of the rod ; I strongly recommend it for anyone interested in saltwater fly fishing in particular .
 The best casting book I 've read . Ed nails the essentials of the cast and if you follow his lead you will be a better caster and , more importantly , know why .
 It is a good book for review and modivation . Technique is well explained . Makes a great read for beginner and intermediate fly fisherman .
 Though I cast more like Joan Wulff - my stance is more closed than Ed 's and Lefty 's - I believe Ed 's book is terrific . He makes basic casting theories easy to understand . Using his well-illustrated techniques are the easiest way I know for a fly caster to achieve longer distance .
 The most memorable lines from my first read of this smart work are from the second sermon , first page , quoted as follows
 From my review in the January 1 , 2006 New York Post : WHAT should a woman do when attacked by a criminal ? Should she behave passively ? Use pepper spray ? A gun?Most people hope they 'll get lucky and never be attacked . For those who want to think ahead , there is Paxton Quigley 's new book , `` Stayin ' Alive . `` It turns out that pepper spray may not do you a lot of good when it is raining or snowing . A woman is just as likely to disable herself as the attacker when it 's windy or when using the spray indoors.Knives and baseball bats are particularly problematic , because women have to get very close to their attackers to use them , and male criminals - that is , most criminals - tend to be much stronger physically than their female victims . When it comes to physical contact , women generally lose those fights.The advantage of a gun is that it is ideal for keeping the criminal far away from the victim . And the victim is n't responsible for restraining the criminal , as police officers are when arresting suspects . A woman simply wants to keep the criminal away from her.There have been a lot of good books lately exploding the myth that guns endanger people 's safety . -LRB- And at least one very notable movie , Larry Elder 's `` Michael & Me , '' devastatingly tackles many of the false claims in Michael Moore 's `` Bowling for Columbine . '' -RRB- Quigley 's book covers a lot of ground , such as the myths about personal defense , when it is appropriate to use lethal force , whether there are any risks to firing a gun while pregnant -LRB- apparently not -RRB- , how often children are killed by accidental gun shots -LRB- very rarely -RRB- and how one goes about choosing the best gun for a particular individual 's needs . The book answers these questions from a woman 's perspective.What works defensively for men does n't always work for women . As Quigley points out , women who used a gun to resist an attack were 2.5 times more likely to escape uninjured than those who behaved passively . Guns are n't as beneficial for men . They are only 1.4 times more likely to escape uninjured than those who behaved passively.The book includes real-life examples of defensive gun use and offers academic research on the millions of times each year that people use guns defensively . These good-news stories help Quigley illustrate how women actually react in life-threatening situations . And she also does well explaining what women should know before choosing a gun.The book could have gone further debunking common misperceptions about guns . Take the claim that `` you 're more likely to shoot yourself or a family member than kill an attacker . '' This study assumed that whenever anyone in a gun-owning home was killed by a gun , it was that gun that caused the harm . But academics have found that at least 86 percent of the time , that assumption was wrong - and most of other cases were suicides.While recent polls show that more households own guns after 9/11 , there is still a lot of fear and uncertainty about guns , which may keep people from doing what is best for their family 's safety . Quigley 's book cuts through a lot of that unjustified fear.John R. Lott Jr. is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and the author of `` The Bias Against Guns . ''
 Paxton Quigley is at it again in her 2004 book , `` Stayin ' Alive . '' Many people , for many various reasons , strongly object to women possessing guns . All who prey upon women object to armed females because their prey is n't supposed to even think about fighting back . Others have a death fetish.A far deadlier device is the automobile . People who object to women driving and riding automobiles are shunned in our society . The real reason is that driving is a sign of maturity , responsibility , and independence in our culture . Yet the automobile is a bigger killer than guns , and guns are intended to be dangerous-it makes guns useful as a deterrent and useful for shutting off an attack . My personal opinion is that if someone is n't responsible enough to own a gun , they should n't be licensed to drive automobiles either . The automobile is harder to use safely-guns are really simple mechanical devices.In `` Stayin ' Alive
 It is ironic that the people who need to have a gun the most are the ones who are afraid to own one
 There has been no finer , more consistent author in the realm of balanced , incisive information on the topics of women , firearms and contemporary society . Paxton 's `` Armed and Female '' is the definitive work , and `` Stayin ' Alive '' represents the next logical step . I strongly recommend these to my students ; even more important , I recommend these works to anyone who truly wants to understand the `` why '' and `` why not '' of conscientious self-protection in the 21st Century . Knowledge truly is the light of the mind . - D. Crafton , DMD/Arizona Ranger/AZ DPS Firearms Safety Instructor-CCW .
 I first heard Paxton Quigley 's name mentioned by Tom Brokaw on NBC Nightly News , then I saw her on 60 Minutes and on Oprah . Media do n't impress me but this lady does . I really liked her first two books and bought them to give to female friends and relatives . This one , Stayin ' Alive , is her best yet .100 years ago it may have been the men 's job to keep their ` womenfolk ' safe but certainly no longer today . Today a woman has to prepare herself to encounter violent predators - mentally , physically and with hardware - because she will . It 's not ` paranoia ' if they are really after you - and they are . If you read only one book on the subject it should be this one .
 Expertly written by Paxton Quigly , `` Stayin ' Alive
 Stayin Alive is a book which responsibly examines the important issues facing gun owners in today 's world . I particularly enjoyed the chapters on children and guns , a major issue for parents who own weapons . I appreciate Ms. Quigley 's discussion of when to talk with children about guns , as well as her advice on safe gun storage . This book should be a must read for all families with guns in the house .
 I 'm not a fan of the NRA . Shooting my mouth off is more my style . However , Paxton Quigley 's take on firearms and women is so sensible , it makes me feel ridiculous for not taking this practical step toward self-protection . I 'm not afraid of shooting an assailant ... I 'm pretty sure I could aerate any thug who broke into my home or who threatened me or my loved ones and do a big high five afterwards . My concern is that , in confrontational situations , I start to shake , and I 'm afraid I 'd never be able to hit the target . Ms. Quigley provides us with a very readable book that answers a lot of questions and clears up a lot of misinformation . She gives us a basic education on types of guns , how to choose the right one , selecting ammunition -LRB- there are types of ammo that will blast such a wide area , you barely have to aim at your target ... perfect for trembling types like me . Paxton is not a one-note diva . She also gives sensible and practical tips on non-gun types of self defense , and does a great job explaining what works and what 's just going to get you in more trouble . Forget the can of pepper spray , for example . It works only when the weather is right and the wind is blowing away from you . I 've read defense books that are still telling us to `` jam that spike heel into the attacker 's foot . '' Fine , except what if I 'm wearing running shoes ... or that pair of Laboutins that are individually worth more than anything else I own ? Stepping on an attacker 's foot is annoying , not crippling . Now you have a cranky rapist on your hands . Paxton 's suggestions are designed to delay the attacker long enough so a woman can make her getaway . Much more sensible than trying to disable someone with a toe stomp . Whether one chooses to heavy up or not , reading this book provides food for thought , do-able safety tips and reasonable ways to defend yourslf . The best self-protection is prevention . Locking doors and windows , being aware of your surroundings , noticing what -- and who -- is around you , avoiding obvious danger areas . For women who can reasonably say that are at some risk , I 'd say `` buy a gun and Paxton 's book . '' For others in less precarious positions , I 'd say `` Buy Paxton 's book and then decide . ''
 Stayin ' Alive is a real eye-opener . I think all women and men should read this book . It will change their minds about having a gun . The stories are really intriguing .
 As a trainer and proponent for women in the the shooting sports and women learning how to protect themselves , this book and a few others closely related to this book are among the required reading that they should find . ANY instructor that wishes to train women effectively must read this book and the others like it to understand what it really means to be a female and want to carry a gun . Too many instructors think they can teach women the same way as men and they are wrong . Do your research , adjust your educational approach , and learn how to train women.As a woman looking to learn about this whole , wild , world of defensive shooting , you should educate yourself by doing YOUR research as well . You 'll be able to weed out the bad from the good . This will make your learning experience much batter and more efficient.Good luck ! Happy reading and happy shooting!Dave JenkinsRochester Personal Defense -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bought this for my daughter . Good advice for most anyone ! Be able to protect yourself ... the police just show up to clean up the mess !
 This book gets right to the point . If you want inside thinking , this is the book for you . Do not miss this read .
 When women ask me about safety and firearms , this is the first book I recommend to help them on their terms .
 All of Paxton Quigleys self protection books are written for women but are in general excellent advice for both sexes . Men are usually stronger & larger than most women so a well trained female in the use of a firearm and the knowledge of when to use it in todays society is almost a necessity . I purchased these books as gifts for the women I care about , as a guide which points them in the correct direction .
 At the beginning of the twentieth century , F. Marion Crawford was one of the most prolific , widely-read novelists of the English-speaking world -- a sort of Sidney Sheldon of the Edwardian era . Now , his novels are banished to the musty shelves of old-fashioned romance and historical fiction , but his supernatural tales live on , most especially `` The Upper Berth '' and `` The Screaming Skull . `` Lee Weinstein has collected all eight of Crawford 's supernatural stories , some of them gothic in the extreme , others oozing pathos . But this author was at his best when writing of the sea and its unforgiving dead . Many of his stories retain a place of honor in ghostly anthologies for their atmosphere of slowly-building horror . I am in agreement with Lee Weinstein when he says , `` One can only regret that he did not write more of them . '' `` The Dead Smile '' -- A gothic tale of forbidden love and vengeance from beyond the tomb . We 21st century readers are a bit more used to dealing with the theme of incest , but when Crawford published this tale , it must have shocked many Victorian sensibilities . Incestuous hints abound . The evil , dying Sir Hugh Ockram , his son , and his son 's fianc&eacute;e all have the same hellish smile
 This item came on time and in perfect condition . I recommend from buying from this seller !
 My sister is a begginer in piano . She was getting a little bit discouraged when she went into the music store and found nothing she liked at her level . We decided to go to the local book store to find an easier book . She was delighted when she found the pokemon book . It has tons of great songs from the show on TV and from the movie . Your 8-10 year old will really enjoy this music book .
 Are you REALLY serious about improving your essay writing skills as well as you vocabulary ? If you are , then this is the book that will help you to do it . To properly use a Thesaurus a -RRB- of this size and b -RRB- written only in French , your language skills must to be quite strong . So be prepared . This is a book to acquire as you are approaching near fluency . When I was finally ready to use the Larousse Thesaurus as it was meant to be used , I was able to judge the nuance of the French language -LRB- most of the time . -RRB- Still , I found it to be so helpful a tool that I have n't been able to write a paper without it since I bought it.If you are serious about majoring in French , not just getting through the `` dreaded '' college language requirements , I would really advise you to invest in one of the larger Larousse Thesaurus editions as well as a French-French Petit Robert Dictionary -LRB- preferably one that is several inches thick -RRB- Both will be well worn , put to good use and worth each and every penny by the time you get your degree .
 Here is that unusual New Orleans book , beautifully written by Jeannette Hardy and Lake Douglas , and sumptuously photographed by Richard Sexton , that journeys outside the heavily touristed French Quarter and into the neighborhoods that truly infuse the city with its unique spirit . French Quarter gardens are not neglected , of course , but the book is easily the best of its kind at revealing the entire far-flung city , its people and their lovely and sometimes idiosyncratic gardens .
 I bought this book hoping to get some ideas on how to make my backyard into a New Orleans garden oasis and this book delivered . Not only is it a helpful resource for gardeners -LRB- it has a chart of commonly used plants in New Orleans gardens -RRB- , but it also is nice to just leaf through and look at the pictures . My only gripe is that there were n't enough gardens featured .
 I was fortunate enough to find this book in a wonderful little garden shop tucked away inside the French Quarter of New Orleans . If you 've never visited and seen their charming style and beauty first hand , this book is filled with superb photographs that come to life , with a wealth of great information about the homes and gardens you really will feel like you 're there . For any lover of gardening , New Orleans simply transcends conventional time and space , capturing all of the senses and inspiring the heart and the imagination like no place else in the world ... from the petite cottages to the elaborate plantations , there is garden for every home and every occassion ! Tres-magnifique !!!
 Not only is the photography lush and gorgeous , but I also love the way this book has chapters on a variety of New Orleans gardens . There are examples of hidden courtyards and terraces as well as public parks and Garden District homes . There 's even a comprehensive section on the history of the city . I treasure this book all the more given the recent tragic events with the hurricanes .
 Quality of photos
 I am fortunate enough to have Lake Douglas as an instructor . He has forgotten more about landscape architecture than most people will ever know . I love going to his class because he has a genuine passion for the subject and almost limitless knowledge . Buy this book . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Are `` Southern Review '' and I looking at the same book ?? I 've been through this book hundreds of times and each time I enjoy it more . The chapters are organized into the different geographic and cultural areas and their different gardens . All are fascinating . I 'll admit that I skip the historical chapter much of the time and go straight for the photos of the French Quarter gardens . I really appreciate that the authors include gardens from very modest homes as well as the grander ones . The chapter on the gardens of Shotguns , Cottages and Bungalows is one of my favorites .
 Michael J. Russ ' Powerful Golf
 I only picked up golf last October and though I have taken many lessons I seemed to be stuck in a rut . I love to listen to books on tape when I am driving , it makes the time go faster . So when I saw this book about golf on , it seemed perfect . Not only was it easy to listen to , but it was also very clear and concise . The author is very focused on getting your mental game in order as a way to lower your golf score . I did n't realize what a big part the mental game played until I listened to this . My score has begun to drop off its plateau and I am now hovering in the 103 range . With these concepts in place each time I play I feel that I will be playing bogey golf within the month . Kudos to the author for touching on a subject which is rarely taught and seldom thought about .
 My 19 year old son took up golf about 3 years ago , and seemed to enjoy it - but for the fact that if he missed a shot he would throw his clubs , pitch a tantrum , and mess up the remainder of his game . It took about 3 weeks , but this audio book helped us work on him focusing on what was important , and letting go of the bad stuff . After all , we ALL have bad games . Now , he 's much better at taking his time , and when his ball is in the bushes , he deals with it , and let 's it go .
 Although John Gray is known mainly for his poetry , this volume collects many of his prose works . His short novel Park is included in full , as are reviews and short stories collected from various sources . Many are reprinted here for the first time since their initial publication . This is an invaluable companion volume to Ian Fletcher 's collection of Gray 's poetry , and an excellent insight into a much neglected writer from Britain 's late Victorian era .
 I first read `` Create a Life ... '' about a year ago at a time when I had been phased out of a job I thought I loved , my mother died and a friend was suffering from depression . I was angry , stressed and burnt out . As a sort of one year anniversary gift to myself I have just re-read the book . It is concise . The writing is clear and crisp , and the ideas are beautifully supported with everyday examples . Among the most meaningful tidbits for me are the three words , `` You are enough . '' For most of my life the more I accomplished the harder I pushed . I was rewarded with bonuses and kudos and still felt the need to compete . Finally , I gave myself permission to get off the merry go round and pursue other interests . And as Zoglio advises , I let go of anger and resentment and began to take care of myself . I now choose what I do . I have time for volunteering and time for me . This is a book of simple truths ... if you want love and abundance in your life , give it away . If you believe in something , believe in it all the way . Choose how you use each day of your life . The pages are filled with passion . My best advise after the reading the book a second time is buy one for a friend .
 Jack Canfield -LRB- Chicken Soup for the Soul -RRB- was right on the mark when he called Tickle Your Soul a `` gem '' . Having recently read the book , when I think of gem and Tickle in the same context , the `` Hope '' Diamond comes to mind . Boomers ... there IS Hope . Talk about a wake up call ! Until I read Tickle , I never really thought in terms of a second phase of life the way the author presents it -LRB- the best one ! -RRB- . I enjoyed Dr. Zoglio 's approach to `` reinventing your life '' as she takes you through a touching , thought provoking , empowering process where you will , among other things , let go of old baggage , move out of your comfort zone , dream , find your purpose , and take action . I found the exercises to be fun and easy , and they left me feeling enlightened , energized and focused.Tickle is loaded with practical wisdom , so I suggest a highlighter . True , you will have your own Life 's Purpose Plan to follow , but it is nice to be able to quickly reference those gems that lit you up in the first place . I do it to re-energize and stay on track . Just a few of my favorites
 I received `` Create A Life That Tickles Your Soul '' as a gift from friends as a means of inspiring me during the most overwhelming time in my life . I had turned forty a few months earlier and my husband of nearly eleven years had just died . I was facing a myriad of challenges and this book was like a beacon in the darkness . It affirmed much that I already knew and helped me open doors in my life just as many were closing behind me . I found Suzanne 's writing style to be flowing and the message both educational and enlivening . It was as if I was sitting comortably in my living room and engaging in conversation with a friend . The book mark embellished with a feather is taped to my computer monitor as a reminder that I can do anything I set my mind and heart upon . Thank you Suzanne for the blessing that is your book ! I 've recommended it to others whose souls need tickling too .
 As I read the case studies in this book , I recognized many of my peers who are in need of the resources that the author provides for developing a renewed personal passion for life . Anyone trying to energize the search for personal direction for the next life stage will appreciate the specific suggestions and examples . I have read this book twice already . Another book that I recommend is '' The Five People You Meet in Heaven '' , and `` He Never Called Again . ''
 A dear friend of mine gave me this book and I thoroughly enjoyed it . Dr. Zoglio does an excellent job of describing the keys to happiness . Long ago , I independently arrived at many of the same conclusions about happiness , but I have never been able to articulate them as clearly and simply as Dr. Zoglio does in her book . While reading it , I found myself underlining text and writing notes on almost every page . I have subsequently bought my friend her own copy and also bought copies for my two grown-up children with the hope that the book will `` tickle '' them , too .
 This is the kind of book you want to keep nearby , by that I mean it does not belong in the book case but perhaps on the breakfast table or next to that favourite chair in the den . When I bought the first copy -LRB- for myself -RRB- I opened it to the chapter titled `` Make a difference every day '' . This is the chapter I read first . Since then , I have refered to most of the content of this book , many times . Dr.Zoglio writes in a way that makes `` The Tickle book '' easy reading and one does not have to be a therapist or a group facilitator to understand and get the message ! `` Tickle '' is inspirational , uplifting and it gives a great dose of positiveness ... all of which we need in large quantities , especially these days !
 Wow , wow , wow ! I expected a good book from Zoglio -LRB- I had read her other books -RRB- , but this one is the best . For readers of any age , in any phase , this soulful book stimulates and inspires . I could n't put it down . Now , I plan on going back to reread each lovingly crafted section . My life has been enhanced by reading this book .
 I really enjoyed this one ! Zoglio 's book provides an interesting perspective to change your mid life `` crisis '' to a mid life `` awakening '' . Her book reinforces the idea that life continues to provide exciting opportunities , if we just take the time to look . The book is full of practical information , easily digested , with a simple 7 step guide to get what you really want out of your life .
 I happened on this `` every woman should have a copy '' book and have been guarding it jealously since then . I savor it bit by bit and share it only with those I deem worthy , or those who have demonstrated some interest in re-creating their mundane existence.I have just started leading Caribbean women -LRB- by way of Self-Development & Empowerment workshops -RRB- to the re-invention of their personal & professional lives . To say this book has inspired me is putting it mildly . It has indeed been a catharsis for my own self - development . Brava !!
 When you find , one day , that you 're not quite sure how you got to where you are , this book will help you get a new start . With steps and sections that address your career choices , relationships , and even spiritual health , you begin to think , and then do , things that help fill out what you really want out of life . You take responsibility for your next forty years , realizing that there is another whole life ahead of you .
 `` Tickle '' is as beautiful inside as it is outside . After reading it , you 'll understand why this is a treasure you will be delighted to recommend to anyone or to give as a gift . This easy-to-read guide will inspire you to take charge of choices in your life and encourage you to live the life you 've always dreamed of . A great , upbeat volume that will compel you to re-read it again and again . In our area , Dr. Zoglio is practicing what she preaches - an overwhelmingly generous portion of the sale of `` Tickle '' books sold by Habitat for Humanity in Bucks County go to support that organization . Do n't miss this outstanding work by an equally outstanding author !
 After reading `` Create a Life That Tickles Your Soul , '' I purchased several copies for midlifers and took advantage of Dr. Zoglio 's unique offer to personalize bookplates for my gifts . My friends have responded enthusiastically to Dr. Zoglio 's strategies and stories , and they continue to call and discuss the power of the book . This is a great resource that helps us to embrace the second half of our lives with a spirit of renewal , growth and adventure .
 I have read a lot of self help books over the years -LRB- I 'm over 50 -RRB- and this is the best one to come out in a long time . If you are at all unhappy with any aspect of your life or ready to make change for whatever reason , this book is a `` must read '' . = -RRB-
 Her book is magic ! Best of all , she is an author who genuinely cares about her readers ! An amazingly kind and knowledgable person . Do yourself -LRB- and Suzanne -RRB- a favor and buy this book . You will absolutlely love it . I am a real fan of hers
 It 's difficult to stay `` present '' in these confusing days . Books that help us to connect to our selves with and gives us tools to stay positive , active and inspired are rare . `` Tickle Your Soul , '' offers these tools with wise advise . The book is useful for both the layman and the professional . It reads easily and beautifully . I am an empowerment trainer in New York and Europe . I read and identify strongly with Dr. Zoglio 's brilliant book .
 This is one book you 'll read and re-read . `` Create A Life That Tickles Your Soul '' will stimulate honest reflection and conversation on what 's really important in life . Often we tend to limit and block our own successes , and to help us out of this quicksand , Suzanne Zoglio has created a wonderful block-buster guide to help us locate inner peace and purpose . Zoglio presents passionate concepts and practices you can immediately put to work to enhance life and find happiness . If your days and nights are ready for a minor `` tune-up '' , her 7 steps may be just the push you need . Guaranteed to tickle your soul ! Thanks .
 This book is must for mid-lifers . If you 've been thinking how hard it is to go to work and would like something better , `` Tickle '' may be the prescription you 're looking for . I have made a card with all the chapter titles listed on it . It 's posted on the bathroom mirror . I start every day thinking , smiling about , and doing such things as `` Dream til you get light-headed '' and `` Take your passions for a walk every day . '' As a result of reading `` TIckle , '' I 've began researching the best way to get my masters degree and have vowed to complete the book so many have urged me to do .
 `` Tickle '' is the most inspirational book I 've ever read . I turn 50 years old this month and I 've always been positive about life . But after reading Zoglio 's book , I am even more EXCITED about the second half !
 Dr. Zoglio 's book proved that at mid-life , I have just begun to live ! Life is new and exciting and fun again ! What a wonderful place to be in my life . After reading Dr. Zoglio 's book , I was inspired to attend her seminar . As we explored our goals and inner thoughts , I realized I have trained all of my life for this wonderful new chapter opening before my eyes . Thank you to Sue for this positive and spiritually uplifting gift !
 `` This book has changed my life and outlook on what is possible ! I have shared it with friends and family who love its ' direct , relevant style and the impact it had on their lives . A ` must have ' for anyone seeking improvement in any aspect of life . ''
 As I read the case studies in this book , I recognized many of my peers who are in need of the resources that the author provides for developing a renewed personal passion for life . Anyone trying to energize the search for personal direction for the next life stage will appreciate the specific suggestions and examples . I have read this book twice already .
 I keep a copy of this on my bedside table so it 's available just before I sleep and when I wake up . I have re-read many excerpts when I want inspiration for the next leg of whatever path I am trying to follow . I think it really helps when I know I need a change but it 's scary to make one .
 There is so much wisdom packed into these 195 pages ! It is one of those books that come along once in a while that has the potential to act as a catalyst for so many people . I connected with it so thoroughly that I have bought copies for several of my friends . We have already made plans to use it as our theme on a girlfriend retreat weekend . I would recommend it for anyone who is at a pivotal point in his/her life and ready to make a change for the better .
 I 've yet to finish reading the whole book because of time restraints . But , everytime I pick it up to read , I 'm uplifted . I continually make positive affirmation lists and repeat them everyday . If I get nothing else out of this book , the affirmations alone would have been worth the price I paid . This book helps you change your outlook when you are down on life in general . It gives you positive steps to take control of your life . I especially liked the section on dreams . So many people put down the notion that we should have dreams for our life . We should dream and dream big . It 's very easy to read and flows easily from chapter to chapter . If you are a person who does not have a lot of time to read , the chapters are divided up well to allow for stopping . Excellent book . I bought two and gave one to a friend . I feel this book deals with something we all need -- peace , passion and purpose in our lives .
 There are not many books that are right on the mark -- this one hits a bull 's eye ! I highly recommend this golden nugget written by an expert . You will enjoy reading it again and again . Do n't just take my word for it -- get this little gem for your personal collection today .
 I 've never read such an inspiring book as `` Create A Life That Tickles Your Soul . '' It 's truly one-of-a-kind . This is a do n't - miss-it book for anyone who is ready to launch the rest of their life into glorious places it 's never been before .
 There are not many books that are right on the mark -- this one hits a bull 's eye ! I highly recommend this golden nugget written by an expert . You will enjoy reading it again and again . Do n't just take my word for it -- get this little gem for your personal collection today . Thank you , Dr. Zoglio !!!
 I regularly visit school classrooms and read aloud to children from Kindergarten through eighth grade . Finding books that appeal to more than one grade level is a challenge.I have found that the pictures in this version of ` Puss ' appeal immensely to kindergartners through third graders . -LRB- Fourth and Fifth grade children also like it , but are often embarassed to say so in a classroom setting ! -RRB- . Children who often have a hard time sitting still for a story have sat transfixed as I read this book , holding the pictures in front of them all the time and giving them lots of opportunities to check out the wonderful use of light and color . The illustrator uses a lot of wonderful yellow that is very appealing to young children and seems to draw them into the book . I love reading this book out loud both to see children 's reaction and also because I love the detail and color in the pictures.Reading this book aloud has also sparked some beautiful art work from young children .
 It should n't surprise anyone that the stock of `` Puss In Boots '' went up when `` Shrek 2 '' came out in theaters . Suddenly that little cat with the fancy footwear was garnering a lot more interest than he ever had before . I 've always wondered why this fairy tale was ignored by the Disney animation studios in their heyday . Now if you 're looking for the quintessential version of the tale , there are really only two illustrators to pick between . You can either choose the multi-talented Fred Marcellino version -LRB- responsible for some of my favorite picture books like , `` I , Crocodile '' and `` The Story of Little Babaji '' -RRB- or you can go the Paul Galdone route . I personally have always found Galdone to be a bit of a bore , except in the cat department . For some reason , Galdone was always particularly good at drawing amusing felines . I 'm not entirely certain why Amazon.com has decided to link these two titles with one set of reviews , but just to clear everything up I 'd like to state that for all its charms I 'm eschewing the Paul Galdone version of `` Puss '' and instead reviewing the Marcellino version in its stead . May God have mercy on my soul.There once was a miller who had three sons . At the start of the story the miller has kicked the bucket and the sons have divided his paltry legacy amongst themselves . The youngest son is left with only a cat ... but WHAT a cat it is ! The puss tells the man to give him a good pair of boots and once he has done so the feline will make his master 's fortune . The youngest son is fortunately a game sort -LRB- or perhaps he was merely charmed by the idea of a talking cat -RRB- . Whatever the case , he gives Puss what he wants and the story chronicles the animal 's clever ploys . He poaches wild game for the king . He dresses his master all in finery and makes him out to be a Marquis . In the last part of the book , Puss tricks an ogre who is half a sandwich shy of a picnic into becoming a yummy little mouse . After subsequent inevitable gobblings on the part of the cat , his master marries the king 's daughter and `` Puss became a great lord and gave up chasing mice , except just once in a while for the fun of it '' . The book is a direct translation of Charles Perrault 's original tale from the French by translator Malcolm Arthur . Mr. Arthur is to be commended for it too , by the way . Not only is the book infinitely readable , but its harsher moments are lessened through his wording . In some versions of this tale , the youngest son 's contemplations of eating his pretty puss might 've come off as barbaric . Here , they seem more wistful than malicious . Likewise the parts where the cat threatens the peasants with agreeing to a lie with the threat that if they do n't `` you 'll be cut up into sausage meat '' strains credulity -LRB- or do they trust a cat in boots more than one not in boots ? -RRB- . Still , there 's something about the pacing of the tale that works in its favor . This may also certainly be due to Fred Marcellino 's illustrations , which are truly lovely . The cat , for his part , is both charming and catlike . The pictures appear to have been drawn in colored pencil or possibly pastels . Whatever the case , they 've a soft and hazy feel that compliment the tale to a tee.So if you 're on the look-out of the definitive version of `` Puss In Boots '' , there is no need to look further . If the praise I 've lavished on it does no good , consider the 1991 Caldecott Honor it garnered itself once upon a time . A classic tale that constantly shocks me when I consider how few children actually know it . Fun stuff .
 The artwork and the large font are beautiful . And I like the translation . It 's rich enough to introduce some new vocabulary , without being so thick it ca n't be understood .
 This new translation of the `` fairy '' story first presented by Charles Perrault -LRB- 1628-1703 -RRB- in his Tales of Mother Goose in 1697 was illustrated by Fred Marcellino and translated by Malcolm Arthur . It was a 1991 Caldecott Honor book -LRB- that is , a runner-up to the Medal winner -RRB- for best illustrations in a book for children . The youngest son of a recently deceased miller receives a cat as his inheritance . He feels that he will soon die of starvation -LRB- after he has eaten the cat -RRB- since he has no other possessions . But , the cat convinces him to get him boots . The cat proceeds to find a fortune and a position for his young master .
 Puss in Boots is a wonderful story . This book is so beautiful that is like a precious work of art . A great read aloud with exceptional illustrations . Children and adults adore it . Presenting this tale to children takes great thought though . Try to avoid the dishonesty , terrorism , and thievery and focus on resourcefulness , first impressions , and survival . Fred Marcellino is one of the top illustrators of our time . Wish he had a website !
 I am going to start this review by pointing out that most , if not all , of the reviews on this page are NOT for the `` Paul Galdone '' version of `` Puss In Boots . In fact , these same reviews appear on the pages for the `` Fred Marcellino '' illustrated version.Next I am going to say that I did not purchase this particular edition . I did not get the cassette and have not heard the narration.I am reviewing this though because my children -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- are really into cassette readings at this moment and so I would sincerely suggest that you try this version of `` Puss in Boots '' if you have n't tried cassettes previously.As for this book , we really enjoyed it . I had completely forgotten much of how the tale unfolded until we ran across this on my entering Kindergartner 's Summer Reading List.What you will find in this story is the classic tale of how a cat helps a bumpkin to become a prince . You will also find that Mr. Galdone pulls no punches in his retelling . When he does a translation , he cuts nothing out.Thus , in `` Puss in Boots '' , you will find that Puss eats the Giant -- after he becomes a mouse , of course . And that Puss lies and carries on in a non-PC manner . He kills wild game and threatens haymakers with violence.He says
 I remember hearing this story as young as six . My grandmother 's cat disagrees with the story in that cats do not like to wear clothes . I however now have my very own copy of the story on the bookshelf . It 's beautifully told and I read it ever so often . The illustrations are wonderful . It 's definitely a good choice for younger children at reading time and/or bedtime . It 's short , the pictures help explain a lot of what 's going on , and the book is large . That last part may sound strange , but have you ever tried ` Reading Circle ' with a small book ... With 20 children on the floor all wanting to see the pictures and my need to keep their attention ... The book is definitely a keeper . Even if not for them , for my own childhood memories of the story .
 `` Puss in Boots '' has endured as a classic children 's book because the story is excellent . The graphics are intricate , crisp , and clear . I read `` Puss in Boots '' at a Read Across America event to 50 second-graders . Most , if not all , of them had never heard of `` Puss in Boots '' . There was shock and outcry when the Ogre shrank himself to the size of a mouse and then was eaten by Puss . They wanted to know why !!! The Ogre was a victim of his own ego - a show off . And Puss was ruthless . The childrens ' imaginations and reasoning were stretched and the story gave them a lot to think about . I highly recommend `` Puss in Boots '' .
 I bought this to read to my grandchildren during story-time . It has been a great hit and I recommend it robustly .
 Paul Galdone captures the story just right with his wording and illustrations . This is a must-have for my grandchildren . You ca n't go wrong with a Paul Galdone illustrated folktale .
 This book is great , and since the movie just came out I thought I would finally splurge and get this book . I though it would be a nice supplement for my daughter , to reinforce that many of these movies are reinterpretations of time-tested classic stories . Although it took a bit to explain inheritance to my 31/2 year old she loves this book . The pictures are marvelous , and it has that crafty cat of course-most kids like the trickster character . My daughter loves on of the last pictures where puss curls up on a rug having accomplished his ends , she always says , `` Oh Puss ! '' . This book should be a part of everyone 's library .
 A wonderful story but somewhat short . Take out the illustrations and the total story would be two or three pages long . But I love some of the old tales and I love cats , so this was a must for my library . The Puss In Boots reminds me of the tricksters of Native American tales . Enjoy !
 Steve Light 's `` Puss in Boots '' used to be my favorite version of this story , until we got this one ! The realistic quality of these illustrations is thrilling - Puss is very catlike and yet very courtly . Simply beautiful .
 *** The strength of this book are the exquitely beautiful illustrations . Fred Marcellino , illustrator , is an artist extratorinare , for children 's books . Another of his beloved children 's books is `` The Steadfast Tin Soldier , '' which has a wonderful story ! I highly recommend `` The Steadfast Tin Soldier , '' illustrated by Marcellino , with 5 stars !!!
 Paul Galdone 's rendition of the classic fairy tale Puss in Boots sticks closely to Perrault 's original , with innocently cheerful artistic representation of the story 's action-filled scenes . The story is well told , with enough repetition to hold the attention of younger listeners while providing enough detail to interest older readers . While Galdone 's artistic interpretation is not as impressive as some editions of Puss in Boots , this book provides a good choice for introducing the story to readers who are n't quite ready for the more difficult original story.Fred Marcellino 's artistic interpretation of Puss in Boots , narrated by a spare translation of Perrault 's original story , is nothing short of impressive . The book is a visual feast , its fantastical events unfolding with their own strange coherency . The mood of this book is a bit darker than Galdone 's , with the puckish Puss killing rabbits for the king `` without mercy or compassion '' and the giant 's ogreish meals peeking out from under silver trays as servants glide past Puss on his way up the lushly carpeted stair . Parents of sensitive readers may wish to stick with Galdone 's version , but this version accurately captures the mood of Perrault 's original story.Puss 's outrageous success in advancing his master 's interests through deception may well be troubling for parents , who will wish to interpret the story to their young children while still encouraging them to tell the truth . Puss 's panache is undeniably attractive , and -LRB- unlike Toad in The Wind in the Willows -RRB- , he never receives the just consequences of his unscrupulous behavior . While some parents will choose to avoid the story , it should be noted that Puss 's victims were all taken in by means of their own moral weakness
 My daughter liked this book . I imagine any child who likes cats would . However , the animal factor is n't the only thing that makes this book pleasing to children ; the book is well written and told with such energy that it makes this classic tale all the more enthralling and grabbing to young readers . Of course , the well drawn illustrations help too.The story is about a savy cat that is determined to bring good fortunes to his poor master . Along the way the cat must deal with a giant Ogre , as well as out wit a king on several occasions . The Ogre has the ability to morph into different creatures , which adds an additional fairy tale element to this adventure of a witty talking cat . The poor master originally thought he was out of luck when he got the cat , but that conclusion never held merit as the master became richly rewarded in the end all due to his loyal feline friend.I hope you give the book a try , I think your young ones will like it.Darien Summers , author ofThe Mischievous Hare , a children 's book .
 I ordered this for my 4-year-old grandson who has an imaginary kitty friend . I was pleasantly surprised by how beautifully illustrated the book was , and how engaging the text .
 Puss in boots is always an enjoyable tale , probably because it is so based on wit.I really enjoyed these illustrations they are glowing and friendly , making one feel very comfortable as they turn the pages . Puss is adorable , the expressions that our fine illustrator manages to convey through his feline features are just fantastic ! Time and time again I was always dissapointed when I found a page that the lovely cat was not on.A wonderful additition to any collection of books for children or lover of fairy tales .
 Perrault 's story needs no recommendation , but Marcellino 's big , rich illustrations are particularly wonderful . Puss is marvellously animated and full of character . My 2-year-old daughter loves it , and doubtless will for years .
 Paul Galdone is on my entering Kindergartner 's Summer Reading List and we can certainly understand why . Mr. Galdone is a consummate illustrator who has a real talent for drawing the facial expressions of people and non-people alike.Mr . Galdone also pulls no punches . When he does a translation , he cuts nothing out , and so far we have found all of his tales very close to the originals . Thus , in `` Puss in Boots '' , you will find that Puss eats the Giant -- after he becomes a mouse , of course . Also , Puss threatens the haymakers with violence to gain his ends
 Great book for any cat loverauthor of `` Hobo Finds A Home ''
 Circa WWII - back in the days when some of our allies were not much better than the enemies we were fighting , something happened at Katyn that provides some rather considerable insight on the ways and targets of tyranny . Wipe out the intelligentsia . As in the formative days of America , the intelligentsia can be a powerful force for liberty - even counter revolution . When tyrannical change becomes fast and revolutionary , the opposition must be wiped out in a single stroke if possible - as at Katyn . The Russians tried to blame it on the Germans , and largely succeeded in a day when America was , to say the least , much more pro-Russia than it was pro-German . The slow revolution presently taking place in America has succeeded in wiping out the intelligentsia in a different , not to say more `` moderate '' way - death by media - death by the arts - death by academia . Either way , truth and liberty end up lying in the streets . Ultimately tyranny is a war against the truth . Perhaps you 've noticed , there 's not much of it around lately . `` All that is needed for the triumph of evil is that enough good men do nothing . '' - Burke .
 Maritime and Port Security by Captain Fred Evans is a guide for company , facility , and vessel personnel responsible for formulating policy in anticipation of maritime security incidents . The book covers many aspects of maritime security in response to domestic and international terrorism and other criminal acts including history , funding , and implementation . * `` Pilots and flight attendants had been taught to handle hijackers in much the way that a bank teller is taught to deal with a bank robber - to cooperate , to surrender what the aggressor wants , and to stall as much as possible in the hope that reinforcements will arrive . On 9/11 , we learned the hard way that this training was not a valid way of handling a modern hijacking . '' P 19Maritime and Port Security will be appreciated by all members of the maritime industry . It should also be read by students interested in national defense , international commerce , and the effects of globalization . * `` If terrorists could interrupt the flow of trade by creating so much fear and anxiety that free and open market principles would be sacrificed in favor of a system of heavy security inspection and regulation , they would have succeeded in slowing the progress of democratic and advanced economic countries of the world . '' P 31 * `` In the highly competitive business of global commercial shipping , all costs must be justified and demonstrate a value added to product or service and a verifiable return on an investment . When developing an effective shipboard security program , the tests of value added and return on investment are difficult to quantify . '' P 37It is meant to be read in conjunction with other texts in the Securing the Nation
 Walker wrote this biography of an ancestor who is a remarkable figure in American history . Born a slave , Free Frank used his free time on evenings and Sundays to extract saltpeter from guano in Kentucky , as well as surveying land , and made enough money to first buy his wife out of slavery , then , with her income as a freewoman , to buy himself out of slavery . His industry , sterling character , and persistence eventually allowed him to become wealthy as a real estate developer on the Illinois frontier . He bought all of his children out of slavery , and upon his death , all of his grandchildren as well . And he did it all without ever learning to write.While certainly atypical , he is a reminder that even though the legal system was set up to the detriment of blacks throughout the slave states , it was possible for a slave with a careless or sympathetic master to become free -- and once free , to become wealthy . This is an inspiring story . Just do n't read this one book and assume that you know everything you need to know about American slavery . This is the encouraging reminder that even a bigoted legal system was n't enough to keep a hard worker from moving ahead in the relatively free market of the American frontier .
 The book Free Frank is an academically written book , which combines a family history with a local and national timeline and societal view . Excellent for my research . Please note the times and treatment of non-white males was not-politicaly correct and is frankly at times depressing in it 's accuracy and detail . The author freely notes some of the difficulties of doing family research on the frontier , during this time and especially facing non-free family research .
 This is the most fascinating book I have ever read regarding what a person can do when he puts himself into it . Amazing sacrifice , determination and hard work , that was Frank McWhorter . A must read if you want to see a view of the mid 19th century by reading the life of a man who came out of slavery and lived in extreme hardship with integrity seldom seen these days .
 This book is about a great man overcoming the odds . This book explains a lot about our early settlers and how slavery played an imprtant part of that development . The author did great research to give a true account of the life and times of `` Free Frank '' . This should be read by all who want to hear the true story .
 This book provides practical and insightful look at risk management and how it can benefit companies . Reading and understanding this book should be a pre-requisite for any person going to take on management position .
 This book is not only about the theory of enterprise risk management , but also a summary of the author & iexcl ; s experience in practicing risk management for more than twenty years . And what is more , there are several case studies that are deeply analyzed in the book . It is because of this that I think it is an excellent work on enterprise risk management . In addition , it is interesting that the Balance of the Yin and Yang in the Chinese traditional philosophy is applied as Lesson 7 by the author . It is a must read for all business managers and students who want to pursue a career in risk management .
 Thank you for writing this book . This book is must read for all CROs and CFOs . Looking forward to reading your coming Risk Management books .
 James Lam has written a remarkably clear and relevant portrayal of how -LSB- enterprise -RSB- risk management can be used to deliver real value in any business.During the past year , I developed a course for the Executive MBA program at Villanova University . After reviewing several books on the subject , I chose this one because of its clear and comprehensive coverage of the subject matter.I would highly recommend this book to anyone with a serious interest in understanding risk management from a holistic perspective . This includes risk professionals as well as those involved in line and staff functions .
 You bought Jorion , Pearson , and Hull ; you slammed headfirst into the quantitative quagmire of risk management , and you may even have passed the Financial Risk Manager exam , sponsored by the Global Association of Risk Professionals , but are you prepared to become your company 's `` Risk Champion ? '' Can you explain to laymen why loss distributions are not normal ? Can you illustrate the `` sweet spot '' in the profit/risk tradeoff ? If you are n't quite there yet , pick up James Lam 's new book , Enterprise Risk Management , From Incentives to Controls . It 's a book you can read on the five hour flight from New York to Los Angeles , and its melodies will linger in your memory . This book has changed the way I communicate with people both in and outside the risk management profession . Read it with a highlighter in your hand , and keep the book within easy reach .
 A well-written guide to enterprise risk management from somebody who knows it first hand . The book covers all of the relevant topics within ERM
 A little under ten years ago I reviewed `` Enterprise Risk Management
 This book by James Lam provides an excellent insight into this current business strategic problem . In view of all the corporate governance coming from Sarbannes-Oxley legislation and Basel II capital pronouncements , this book provides the user with the building blocks in terms of explaining how credit , market , and operational risk all tie into the big picture of enterprise risk . The author enables one to understand these risks without getting bogged down in mathematical details . He effectively brings these risks together in terms of portfolio management and then presents the reader with some risk mitigation techniques . He goes beyond other books which just concentrate on financial institutions by bringing in energy firms and nonfinancial corporations in his concluding chapters . Lam 's book is a must read for anyone considering a career in risk management.Gerald G. Wisz , Ph.D.Adjunct Associate Professor of FinancePolytechnic University , Brooklyn NYIndependent Risk Management Consultant
 James Lam , the founder of ERisk and the pioneer for the chief risk officer concept has penned the best and most comprehensive book yet on enterprise risk management and how this emerging business practice can add practical , measurable value to any business concerned about how risks affect performance and stakeholder value.For the first time , a true ERM expert has articulated in user friendly terms , what ERM is and how it can be applied to many different business types in many industries . This book makes clear that there is no one way to design and ERM model and that customizing it to the needs of the business will be the one way to optimize the outcomes desired.The book is well organized and starts with a section on setting the `` context '' for delving into risk management ; outlining the framework of a comprehensive approach ; showing real world applications in various industry contexts ; and closing with some prognostications on the future of the practice.I highly recommend this book to all business managers who want to take risk management and their careers to the next level .
 Excellent resource on Enterprise Risk Management.The author draws upon his 20 years ' rich real world experience to drive the subject to home . It offers valuable insight , which is rare to find elsewhere . This book is not only up to date and comprehensive , but also particularly practical.As a risk analyst with more than 6 years experience , I highly recommend this book to those who are in this field and to those who have interests in this field .
 Anyone whose career interests intersect with the risk management discipline will find this book extremely valuable in understanding the risk management discipline and viewpoint . Anyone who is considering a career in risk management will find this book a critical help for success . James Lam writes in an easy to read style and the ease with which one can grasp and understand the material might fool one into under estimating the rigor and logic James has built into his work . I recommend this book without reservation.Edward P. Paules , Managing Director Risk ManagementInvestors Bank & TrustBoston , MA 02116
 Pancatantra the ancient book of fables , is an interesting collection of animal stories composed in India around the third century of the Christian era . It has been one of the first Indian classics to be translated into the western languages . Therefore these fables with their relevance to political , moral and religious life have become widely known and acclaimed . Patrick Olivelle the chair of the department of Asian Studies at the University of Texas in Austin , equipped with necessary expertise and familiarity with the subject matter and language , has translated these fables and rendered them in plain everyday language , though with all their complexities , for the sake of the American readers . The very informative introduction and extensive explanatory notes make the text fairly simple and easy to understand and relish . For those interested in the Indian classics , this storybook is a wonderful gift .
 This is a translation of an old Indian children 's book that is , not surprisingly , also a moral tale on how to live , and , perhaps more importantly , how to govern . I 'm not in a position to comment as to whether this is a good or bad translation ; it is a fun read for adults and I suppose that a pretty progressive or multicultural parent could read it to their kids in place of the Brothers Grimm or something else ... I liked the book . Other books in the age-old stories of wisdom from around the world
 This is an eminently readable translation though I still prefer Arthur W. Ryder 's translation . I believe Ryder 's translation is currently out of print .
 This is a fairly good book of philosophy and wisdom , ALTHOUGH it is quite fallacious in many regards , one of them being its authors ' claim that a man is a self-sustaining intelligent being and all his wisdom must derive from himself -LRB- instead of God - as it is correctly believed in Christian , as well as Platonic tradition -RRB- . Nevertheless the book is useful.Translation is extremely dull and unimpressive . It does not flow . It is a literal translation -LRB- word by word -RRB- . Beauty of the writing is lost . The only way to retain it is by translating it idiomatically , and not word by word . For example , Narayana 's Hittopadesa , also published as Oxford World Classics is such a beautiful read that it is almost musical - kudos to its translator . Unfortunately I can not say the same about this book .
 i had no problems with this seller . I received the book on the day I was told I would and it was in the condition advertised .
 The introductory essay alone makes this book worthwhile -- the editor traces Lasch 's evolution as a historian , and shows how his interest in plain writing evolved along with his political thinking . The examples in the text are both entertaining and informative , and the writing advice is excellent . A good resource people who care about how writing and thinking impact our society .
 Similar in style and tone -LRB- and usefulness -RRB- to Strunk & White 's classic `` Elements of Style '' . Short , pithy , intelligent . Lots of examples , followed by Professor Lasch 's thoughtful , penetrating , often witty comments . Recommended for all undergrads .
 Plain Style was written in 1985 by Christopher Lasch , a history professor who was frustrated with his students ' lack of writing ability . There are six sections : Elementary Principles of Literary ConstructionConventions Governing Punctuation , Capitalization , Typography , and FootnotesCharacteristics of Bad WritingWords Often MisusedWords Often MispronouncedProofreaders ' MarksApparently Lasch 's frustration with students went beyond just their writing skills . `` I keep simplifying my course in 20th century American history , but the students keep getting dumber faster than I can simplify it , '' Lasch wrote in a letter to his father . `` Every year the illiteracy gets worse . `` The current book was published after the author 's death and includes an introduction by Stewart Weaver . The introduction is disproportionately long , taking up 42 of 121 pages .
 This book was written in 1923 , and I have an original copy I bought online from some book site.It is worth the read , and it has some history to it . -LRB- Names , old addresses , etc. -RRB- but because of it being in the early 20th century , the information might be outdated.A good classical read on the subject none of the less .
 This is a very good book for any woman going through a divorce whether you 've started the process or just thinking about it , i think this is a MUST HAVE !!! This book gave me plenty of insights as to situations that i had little or no knowledge about whatsoever , please get .
 What Every Woman Should Know About Divorce and Custody is a necessary resource for women and men in the process of going through a divorce , as well as for those trying to decide whether or not to divorce , and even after divorce , when custody and child support issues still rear their ugly heads . It is clear , concise , and comforting . This book is a real eye-opener to those thinking about or just starting the process , and provides important information and tactics to all readers about this brutal process . Many lawyers treat the divorce process like a chess game and this book gives you an insider 's view of the system . This book arms you with the information to wage the battle . The book is newly updated . It gives good tips on e-mail , virtual visitation , spyware , and other twenty-first century issues that I had n't even considered . I had read the author 's book Divorce and Money and I found this book on custody to be a great help with all of the custody issues .
 I am both a social worker and a divorced mother and I can tell you this book is terrific . While the book 's title says it is for divorced mothers , fathers and therapists would find it helpful as well . I noticed that it is updated with the latest information , including an intriguing chapter on technology and visitation . The issues it addresses are modern as is the advice from professionals and parents . I plan to recommend it to colleagues and clients .
 This is a thoughtfully-written book by two experts that answers all the questions divorcing women should be asking themselves , from whether to hire a lawyer or mediator to how to manage money and a household after the divorce . Written by women for women , it describes what to expect at every stage of divorce and includes very specific information on how and where to get additional help and support . I would definitely give this book to a friend who was contemplating or going through a divorce .
 This book is pretty good . My situation is different in that I 'm not getting a divorce , only going through a custody case . However , it does have a lot of helpful and useful information regarding those issues.If you are getting a divorce and are a women , I would highly recommend this book be read .
 I read this entire book from front to back in 1 day . IT WAS GREAT . Full of useful information and makes you feel that you can do this wether your the initiator or not
 the stories in the book did not make me feel good . was trying to see a quick fix for my daughters dilema .
 This book was a god send . It helped me with so many issues . I found it to be a true survival guide with advice that works . I purchased the book months ago when I was first separated . Now my ordeal is almost over but I still keep the book by my nightstand and refer to it constantly .
 A very well writen book , helped many of my friends . Gave lots of good information expecially to woman who havent been through a divorce !
 What Every Woman Should Know About Divorce and Custody by Gayle Rosenwald Smith , J.D. and Sally Abrahms , is an essential resource for women in the process of going through a divorce , as well as for those contemplating divorce and even post-divorce , when custody and child support issues continue to resurface . It tells it like it is , in a clear , concise manner . This book will be a real eye-opener to those entering the process , and provide new insights to those immersed in , and even theoretically beyond the process . Many lawyers treat the divorce process like an on-going game , which the legal system enables . This process can victimize women , in particular . The best defense a woman can have is to be well-informed and well-prepared for the battle , which many -LRB- ex -RRB- spouses choose to wage . Every woman involved in a divorce , regardless of her lawyers ability and reputation , owes it to herself to become educated about the process , the potential problems , and helpful strategies . That is the essence of What Every Woman Should Know About Divorce and Custody offers . If there is one book that a woman going through a divorce needs , this is it . This book will likely become a repeatedly consulted reference throughout most womens divorce and custody process .
 This is the most thorough and informative book on divorce issues that I have read . As a divorce attorney , I am always curious to know what other attorneys are thinking . Ms. Smith 's perspective and commentary mirror much of my own experiences and conclusions . The book is easy to read and filled with relevant , realistic examples and practical advice . I highly recommend this book to both nonlawyers , who have a reason to learn about this subject and to lawyers so they can refine and expand their knowedge of the divorce process .
 I did n't know where to even begin the divorce/custody process , but this book gave me the confidence to make the first appointment with the lawyer . It helped me not feel like such a `` victim '' and I felt much more knowledgeable and prepared . I did n't feel so much like I was at risk for being `` led by the nose '' by my lawyer , and it was indispensable in helping me stand up to the tactics of my husband . Everyone woman in a divorce situation should read this , especially those with children .
 This book is an indispensable tool for any woman who is facing -LRB- or contemplating -RRB- a divorce with custody issues and who does n't know how to even begin the process . It 's a `` comfort '' book in the sense that it is precise and reassuring -- almost a roadmap to follow -- especially when life seems out of control . This manual is a great resource to share with friends .
 I am soon to be beginning the process . I will be initiating it . I read this book to gain insite into a woman 's perspective and possible strategies.I guess if you have n't read or learned much , this book can have some tremendous value . If you 're somewhat knowledgeable about the process , it is good , but not the end all.One thing to remember , only 1-2 % of all divorce cases are tried in court . Yes , judges approve them , but the real work is with the lawyers.It 's clearly worth it price .
 Well written , easy to understand with loads of advice and comfort for those going through the challenges of a custody battle . The author shares some of her own experiences and leaves you with a feeling of hopeful optimism . I consider this a must-read for any parent going through a divorce . I thought that her comments on dressing for court and behavior during separation were common sense , but perhaps there are some readers who would need to understand better how their image and demeanor affect a judge 's perception of them as a parent . I would definitely recommend this book to anyone trying to gain custody of their children .
 This book was an indispensable guide during my divorce and custody process . My husband had a better lawyer , but the knowledge I gained from this book was an equalizer .
 What a pleasure to find a practical and informative guide to give to women going through divorce and custody battles . As a clinical social worker who sees the ugly side all too often , it is a relief to give women a thoughtful and clearly written book that will empower them with extremely useful and practical advice at a very emotional time in their lives . Thanks to the authors !
 Women going through a divorce will find this book extremely helpful and even comforting . It 's well-written and well-organized . Here 's everything you need to know to negotiate a good outcome for yourself and your family .
 This book was my Bible as I went through my divorce . I referred to numerous times , as it provided me with invaluable information on the process of divorce and custody . This book , which is written by a lawyer , is packed with practical advice on surviving a divorce . It covered every aspect of the process , such as , dealing with your emotions , choosing a lawyer , creating a custody agreement , what to expect in court , and dealing with your new single life with your children . This book is an absolute `` must read '' for any woman who is going through the process of a divorce or a custody battle .
 Bike Accessories - Bike Care - Pedro 's Syn LubePolly Benge a one-time English ballet dancer meets a chef from New Zealand who is soon to embark , with another male companion , on an ambitious bicycle journey through Nepal and parts of India.Not looking forward to the inevitable separation , out of the blue she is asked to ` comne with me . ' Not your typical outdoor girl , Polly exchanges pointee shoes and other ballet attire for shorts and pannier bags . She thus begins a journey uncertainly with a noticeably buckled rear wheel.From the saddle , negotiating rough roads through regions potentially as dangerous as they are isolatesd , she asks herself why she should fear for her life for the sake of adventure , or being the first person to achieve something . For all that she is no whimp and her stamina is rarely wanting.Border crossings are frequently traumatic . On one occasion the trio is held hostage by bullying militants . Their daily surroundings are often magnificent as they also come to terms with a country where affluence and poverty exist uncanningly side by side . Underling the often traumatic events is Polly 's fledgling relationship . Will she follow him back to New Zealand , or is the adventure too much for any friendship to endure?Her descriptive writing style is excellent . And her story , spiced with humour and suspense , renders my own mega cycling journeys through several countries somewhat tame . Does she make it to New Zealand ? Does she still travel by bicycle?Maybe I will meet her for a chat on the road somewhere ?
 This is the third book in `` The Cutlers of The Shady Lady Ranch '' series of five novels
 Please be aware that this is and ATLAS , not a guidebook . Do n't make the same mistake I did . It 's a beautiful atlas , though !
 This is a book of maps of Turkey . If you plan to travel by either bus or rental car in Turkey you 'll need this to figure out the maze of roads to your destination ! You do n't need it if you are taking a canned tour -LRB- unless you like to know where you are , which I do -RRB- or if you 're simply flying within the country . This is not a heavy book , it 's quite packable .
 This Lonely Planet Turkey Atlas was indispensable . We toured by car for about two weeks using this book and our own GPS . The two were our only guides . This book was too expensive and dated but still a valuable tool .
 NOT WITHOUT THE TRUTH by Kay DavidJanuary 18 , 2006Amazon rating 4/5 `` This Operatives adventure takes place in Peru , where Lauren Stanley returns to her childhood home many years after witnessing the death of her mother Margaret , a consul who worked for the United States ambassador . Though Lauren was told that her mother committed suicide , she has never believed it.Lauren returns to Peru to write an article for Luxury Magazine . Upon setting foot in Machu Picchu , she embarks on a series of adventures that endanger her life . She also develops amnesia , and has Dr. Armando Torres to thank for helping her regain her memories . Dr. Torres is a man of mystery , who saves her life after she falls from a bridge . Lauren senses he is keeping secrets from her . And Armando is falling in love , but knows that if Lauren had even an inkling of the truth , she would turn from him . '' - Complete review at Bookloons - M. LoftonThis was a fast-paced romance with an exotic setting . Kay David definitely has the talent for writing suspenseful action-packed stories , and this one was no exception . Recommended .
 Sixteen years ago Lauren Stanley 's mother , the consul in Peru , inexplicably committed suicide . Lauren has tried to move on , but has not had closure on the tragedy so decides it is time to head to the South American country to learn what caused her mother , who seemed to have it all , to suddenly kill herself.In Peru , Lauren nearly dies in what seems like a questionable accident . Only the quick action of local psychiatrist Dr. Armando Torres saves her life . He tells her she should go home as it is not safe for her here . She wonders whether he wants her to leave for his own reasons as she demands he tell her what he knows about her mother 's death as he was there when she took her life.NOT WITHOUT THE TRUTH is a fast-paced romantic suspense tale that starts at hyperspeed when Laurena arrives in South America and never slows down until the final altercation . Lauren is a terrific center holding the plot together with her need to know , which in turn provides some insight into her mother -LRB- at least from her memories -RRB- . Armando in some ways is the more interesting character as the audience wonders what was his relationship with the mother including how involved was he on the night of the accident . Kay David writes a strong enjoyable action-packed romantic thriller that readers will devour in one sitting.Harriet Klausner
 It is always a pleasant suprise when a new author appears on the fantasy scene with a book that should keep them there for a long time . Shadow in the Glass has a great blend of magic and adventure , which has nicely set up the series for the next three books .
 I 'm a quilt lover , and my favorite are old scrappy quilts . I do alot of quilting myself , but as a result of my love for quilts I also collect quilt books . One of my favorites is this little books from That Patchwork Place , Quilts from the Smithsonian by Mimi DietrichThe book has pictures and patterns of 12 great quilts from the Smithsonian collection , from a simple Plaid Patch to the more complexed Chesapeake Rose , and The Lilies of the Quilters . There are all colored pictures all through the book , and the there are easy to follow directions helping you to make your own quilts for future generations to love . Or if you are not a quilter the book si a perfect coffee table book with all it 's colors and inspirations.Britt Arnhild Lindland
 SHADOWER Sabin Travers has seen the dregs of the universe so ending up in a hellhole on Giza is not much of a change for the bounty hunter while waiting for repairs to his ship . What is a shocker is the elegant looking woman at the other end of the bar . A planet like this dump only houses tired rejects servicing the lowlifes that frequent places like this . However , he ends up interceding when she becomes embroiled in a bar fight after she is accused of cheating during a game of chance.Moriah needs to leave Giza in order to complete her smuggling mission . She sneaks on board his ship only to learn that her `` host '' is helping the Shielders stop from getting annihilated . Both have immediate needs to assist large populations that apparently place Moriah and Sabin in conflict as to time and place . Also adding to the quandary is that Moriah and Sabin are falling in love with one another.Catherine Spangler 's previous novel , SHIELDER , garnered several awards as a highly regarded futuristic romance . Ms. Spangler returns to that same setting with the exciting , tense-laden SHADOWER . The story line never eases up due to the apparent opposing objectives of the strong lead characters . However , what makes this tale a triumph similar to its predecessor is the audience can see and hear the heartbeats of these worlds like Giza , which in turn , provides an authentic feel to a wonderful science fiction romance.Harriet Klausner
 Catherine Spangler is one of today 's best writers of `` futuristic romance '' fiction . I read `` Shielder '' before `` Shadower , '' but it does n't matter which book you read first . Both novels stand on their own as excellent examples of the genre , and both take place on the same planet , Giza , sharing some of the same characters , but the storylines are totally different . Ms. Spangler 's narratives are extremely well written , her plots are fresh and original , and her characters jump right off the page , they 're so realistic . They sure found a place in my heart!Handsome , hunky , alpha-male , Sabin Travers is a Shadower , bounty hunter extraordinaire , supposedly working for `` The Collectors . '' Collectors are the evil folks who rule this particular quadrant of the universe , brainwashing and programing most other inhabitants to do their will through telekinetic control . Those outlaws who somehow manage to escape beneath Controller radar are shadowed , found and turned-in by Sabin and others like him . `` Shadower '' opens on the hell-like planet Calt , the hang-out for the dregs of the universe . Anteks , Shens , Jaccians , creatures of all kinds - thieves , smugglers , murderers - come to Calt for R&R ; and dirty business dealings.Sabin is having a lousy day . The person he is hunting has eluded him and he 's hot , tired and frustrated . Stepping into a local dive for some Elysian liquor , he sees an absolutely beautiful woman at the end of the bar . Intrigued to find such a woman in a place like this , he offers to keep her company - for her own safety , of course . Moriah , the lovely lady , is a smuggler whose ship has been stolen , stranding her on Calt . She ignores Sabin and enters a game of chance , Fool 's Quest , with an unsavory group , hoping to win the money to pay her passage off the planet . Her subsequent good luck turns into a bar brawl . Sabin joins in the fray and the two barely manage to escape alive - without Moriah 's winnings.The last thing the lady wants is a man in her life , even for a brief fling . She disengages herself from Sabin , after begrudgingly thanking him . If Sabin knew how Moriah made her living , he would probably arrest her . Wounded from the fight and desperate to leave , Moriah decides that Sabin 's ship is her only way off Calt . So she stows away . Unfortunately this proves to be a poor decision , as she inadvertently learns some highly confidential information , while on the voyage , that puts her life in grave danger.Sabin and Moriah get along like cats and dogs in the early part of their relationship . Both are strong-willed , intelligent , highly independent people , and Moriah is operating with some heavy emotional baggage from her past . However , it is obvious that sparks fly between the two from the beginning . As the plot develops , so does the relationship , but the more attached Moriah becomes to Sabin , the more complicated her life seems to become , and she begins to make mistakes and poor decisions trying to complete a dangerous job.There is as much suspense as romance here ... and the romance sizzles . Ms. Spangler has created a grim universe where technology , progress and education do not prevent evil . She peoples her story with all kinds of fascinating creatures , and fabulous secondary characters . The author won the 1998 Emily Award for `` Shielder '' and she certainly deserves it . `` Shadower '' is a wonderful read and almost as good . I am addicted to this series . Highly recommended !! JANA
 Where do you hide in a galaxy that is ruled by Controllers ? Controllers are far reaching beings that can dominate your very life for their own purposes . In a time where no place is safe and no one can be trusted comes this tale of two people determined to do anything to ensure the survival of those that mean the most to them . This includes breaking all of the rules.Sabin , introduced to us in the 1998 award-winning tale `` Shielder '' , is a darkly dangerous , outrageously sensual , futuristic bounty hunter on a personal mission to capture the ever-elusive Moriah . She stole his ship and then his heart so tracking her down and bringing her to heel offers rewards that defy the imagination.Moriah , a fiery beauty with a spirit to match , will do whatever it takes to survive and overcome the demons that plague her soul . This includes stealing Sabin 's ship to accomplish her desperate and dangerous smuggling mission . She knows the rules and is willing to risk her life , for if she is successful , it will guarantee a easier life for the small mismatched group of women that she calls family.Award winning author and writing sensation , Catherine Spangler fans the fire then feeds the flames of passion in `` Shadower '' . She expertly tells a tale of a dangerous cat and mouse game full of gutsy moves , calculated risks and raw sensuality . Sabin and Moriah ignite the pages of this book with their battle of wills and ultimately , their surrender . If you love engaging Sci-fi romantic adventure , do n't miss this opportunity to sample Ms. Spanglers finest work to date .
 This book is one of those really great finds that do n't expect , but you remember forever ! It 's got all the things that make a book great
 Ah , Sabin , there is no other like him . He is the stuff that dreams are made of -LRB- another heavy sigh -RRB- . I am a new reader of futuristic romance novels , but after reading Shadower and Shielder , I am absolutely hooked . Ms. Spangler 's writing is simply magic . She makes her characters so real that you want to reach out and touch them -LRB- in particular I would like to reach out and touch Sabin -RRB- . From the very beginning of Shadower to the very end , Ms. Spangler grabs your attention and does n't let go . Sabin and Moriah are a modern day Rhett and Scarlett , although Moriah could give Scarlett a run for her money in the femme fatale catagory . I would recommend Shadower -LRB- and Shielder -RRB- to anyone -- from the `` die hard '' romance reader to the `` action/adventure '' reader . Ms. Spangler covers all the bases . Ca n't wait for the next book !!
 Captain Moriah Cameron was trying to find her contact in the bar when all hades broke loose ! The last thing she wanted was to be `` rescued '' by Sabin Travers ! Worse , he was a Shadower , a type of bounty hunter that worked for the Controllers ! Moriah had an illegal shipment of iridon to deliver , FAST ! She also had to find her sister , Celie . But Moriah had to be careful or end up becoming Sabin 's next captive to be turned in for bounty , and the Controllers would kill her on sight for more than one reason!Sabin had no idea what possessed him to grab the ill tempered woman and get off world ! When she stranded him and hijacked his ship , he thought he would kill her ! Instead , he found himself attracted to her . But she and her sister had been given to Pax as a payment by their father long ago . After years of abuse , she was not about to trust men . He would have to treat her with kid gloves . ***** This one is an exciting romp through space with a feisty female and a hardened bounty hunter ! This one will keep readers GLUED to the pages until all is over . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED READING ! ***** Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 this book is great , cant wate for book 3 to come out .
 Catherine Spangler 's Shadows Fires was a RITA nominee . That did n't surprise me . She is one talented writer . What surprises me is she has n't received this recognition before . She is without doubt one of the best Futuristic Romance writers around . I have eagerly read each of her tales , but decided to go back and `` revisit '' some of the first in the series.Yes , they are a series , but you can easily read them in any order . Spangler gives you an original premise , sharp involving writing , but it 's with her characters that make her standout . You become so involved with these people she conjures to life.Sabin Travers is a Shadower , a bounty hunter . He works for The Collectors . The Collectors were the rulers in this particular quadrant of the universe . But their rule is not benevolent . They brainwash and reprogram people to do their will , controlling them with telekinetic powers . There are those who somehow manage to escape their control . For these the Collectors employ the Shadowers . The Shadowers hunt down and turn-in these rebels.The story starts on a hellish planet Calt , which is the ` Dew Drop Inn ' for the dregs of the quadrant -LRB- think of the bar scene in the first Star Wars Movie -RRB- , where all creatures great and small come to do business . Sabin has been tracking his latest quarry , but the target has proved elusive . He only wanted to have a drink and relax . He never expected to see the woman at the end of the bar . Women like her are prey in this dive , so he can not help but wonder why she is there.Moriah Cameron is a smuggler , only her ship was stolen , leaving her stranded on this hellhole . Hoping to win money to pay her passage off the planet , she enters a game . There is a brawl and Sabin manages to help Moriah escape , though her winnings are left behind.Moriah is not too happy with Sabin 's protection . If he was aware of how she was a smuggler , he would turn her in - or so she thinks . Still , she has little option but to accept Sabin 's ship as her ticket off Calt . But rather than beg his help , she stows away on his vessel . This puts her life in danger as she overhears confidential information.Sabin and Moriah are both strong-willed people , and in cases where the sexual attraction is deep , sparks fly . Only Moriah has a dark secret that makes her mistrust men . This is handled very deftly by Spangler , giving Moriah a depth , a vulnerability , a strength that goes beyond general fiction writing.Spangler was leading the way in Futuristic romance long before it was a hot genre . She creates strong worlds in vivid details . To be a successful writer in the genre the writer has to see the world they write about in order to make the readers see it as well . Spangler dazzles with this ability.Sabin and Moriah are memorable characters who make you care and will linger long in your mind . A brilliant job . Highly recommended .
 Moriah is a smuggler . Her customers , the Leors will kill her if she does n't deliver a certain shipment of highly valued ore . Problem is , her space ship has been stolen , she 's been injured , she 's stranded on a planet light years from help and worse yet , every wicked pirate in the quadrant is zeroing in to hijack her stolen ore shipment.Sabin is a bounty hunter . Moriah 's father and Pax , the man who assaulted her and held her in slavery for years , were also bounty hunters . She 's not a fan of the profession or the evil men who dash about the galaxy in their spaceships seeking the money to be had for retrieving often innocent people for the evil overlords called the `` Controllers '' . Not realizing Sabin 's true profession , Moriah stows away on Sabin 's ship . Moriah is discovered when Sabin makes a covert stop to deliver relief supplies at a secret colony of Shielders . The Shielders are being hunted down and destroyed by the Controllers , so the Shielders would kill Moriah if Sabin leaves her at the secret colony world . Instead of having her executed , Sabin is forced to conceal her and then makes plans to take her to a healer to have her memories of the colony erased.Along the way , they grow to like each other . -LCB- Despite the fact SPOILER ALERT that Moriah steals Sabin 's ship , and dumps him at a brothel stark naked . -RCB- There is also a delightfully humorous sub story of Lionia a warrior gal who loves to cut up men , that falls in love with the geeky space ship mechanic.This is first and foremost a science fiction romance . The characters are flawed , and deep . I LOVED them . They are like the core couple of a soap opera and they also show up in the other Shielder series books . I loved the way the author helped Moriah get around her emotional wall regarding men due to her mistreatment at the hands of the slaver and the chemistry between Sabin and Moriah fairly sizzled.This is a good stand alone novel . But go ahead and order all the Shielder books .
 This book is one of a trilogy that is well worth the time and money . the book was a fast paced adventure with characters you can relate to and cheer for .
 I discovered Catherine Spangler fairly recently from a listmania entry here at Amazon . And I 'm so glad I did ! I 'm a very picky reader , especially of futuristic romance , my favorite genre . I bought both SHIELDER and SHADOWER and sat down to read them in order by release date . I do wish I 'd known that though Spangler wrote SHADOWER after SHIELDER , chronologically SHADOWER comes first . Spangler has said that the characters of Sabin and Moriah were so popular that she decided to write their story . I finished SHIELDER and plunged immediately -- it was that good ! -- into SHADOWER and was a bit confused at first but soon realized the chronological order and adjusted . Not a big problem , but I was surprised that I enjoyed SHADOWER even more than the first book!I was VERY satisfied with how Spangler handles the heroine 's mistrust of men . Far too often , authors tell us that a heroine has been abused or raped in their past and then the heroine jumps into bed with the hero like she has absolutely no issues or emotional baggage . I find that ridiculous . If an author is going to use sexual abuse as a plot device , I want a realistic reaction on the character 's part . No whining ; hate that ! But Moriah 's very believable inability to trust Sabin after the rotten way she 's been treated all her life -- especially in light of his Shadower profession -- made perfect sense to me . As a woman , I can identify with her doubts , and I also adored Sabin 's patience in dealing with her . There 's nothing I love more than a tough alpha hero who can be sweet and tender with the woman he loves . The little community of women Moriah works to protect and provide for added another believable layer to the heroine 's subconscious dilemma of wanting to trust Sabin but not feeling that she could afford to . And the secondary characters of Lionia and Radd and their little romance were extremely funny.All in all , Spangler does a fantastic job in creating a complex , compelling love story with wonderful emotional depths . Sabin is a knockout hero , Moriah is spunky and strong , and the action is non-stop . And , lest I neglect to mention , the sexual tension is fabulous ! A GREAT read !
 I just finished reading SHADOWER and I found that is a very good story . I did n't give it five stars because I think that the plot could have been a little bit better with more depth in the secondary characters . It was a little slow in the begining but speed up after that . The plot was set up so that you could really see something like this happening . The story of the Shielders reminded me somewhat of what happened to the Jewish people during World War II . All in all it is a good story that left several ideas for sequels .
 Purchased in ebook format for reseach , fast delivery , ease of access , and the options to cut and paste into word document ; great price and format
 What a pleasant read ! Who is not interested in tips for skillful driving and the wise and balanced treatment of one 's financial affairs ? All the good-driving hints are straight-forward and factual , thus not subject to differing opinions . This book makes you want to sign up for one of those advanced skillful-driving schools where you learn to control your car under stressful emergency conditions . As far as the financial recommendations are concerned , unfortunately , there are many who would hold contrary opinions , generally to their detriment . The recommendations presented here are balanced , make sense , and one would wish , would be followed by everyone . This book illustrates how common sense is useful but not enough when it comes to complex topics like driving and finance . There is a lot to learn from expert drivers and expert financial advisors .
 This book was great . Thanks so much . The packaging was also great ! Thank you thank you thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 We have a colletion of Little Critter books that my 3 older ones have enjoyed since they were little . Now with my 2 younger ones I purchased a few new ones . They sure love them ! They 're simple books but they are a hit !
 Another Little Critter hit ! Mayer keeps the story fun while educational , a great way to get through to your kids about eating and acting healthy ! A must for any Little Critter fan .
 Another great hit for mercer mayer . This is also a good book to teach children that eating correctly and excercise is not only good for you but fun .
 This is a wonderful story with excellent illustrations . -LRB- look for that spider & mouse -RRB- It explains to little ones why it 's important to eat healthy and that you do n't need to WIN every competition ... just have fun .
 I am a fan of the Little Critter Series for my two year old and this is one of the most positive storylines . In this age of childhood obesity , this is a great book for our kids . The book starts with Little Critter 's question , `` Why are carrots better for me than cookies ? '' The teacher replies , `` Because carrots have vitamins to help you grow . Cookies just taste good . '' From there Little Critter engages his family and friends to a healthy lifestyle of eating good foods and fun exercise.Take a look at some of my other Little Critter favorites
 All of these books that I have ordered are excellant . My grandaughter has me read them at least three times a day . We are both very happy w / them .
 This book brought to my attention the importance of giving my best in the small details of daily living . Dianna Booher challenges you to evaluate what value your personal `` designer label '' holds . My favorite part of the book is when Dianna encourages you to `` consider yourself as the builder and owner of You , Inc. `` After reading this book , I shared the concept of being able to sign my signature to the end of every day 's work as my personal best , much like Michelangelo , Monet or Renoir , with my eleven year daughter -LRB- who had been skimping on some math homework -RRB- . A few days later , as I looked over her math notebook , I noticed she had signed her signature -LRB- `` Her Name , Inc. '' -RRB- at the end of every -LRB- much improved -RRB- lesson . When I asked her about it she said , `` I am doing my best work and I am proud of my personal label . `` I am grateful for the positive influence this book has had on our family . I want to commend Ms. Booher for being able to sign this book `` Dianna , Inc. '' , a personal best .
 This is a beautifully written book that helps us to understand how what we say & do affects other peoples life 's both at the work place and in our daily life . Dianna uses real life examples that show just how taking the time for a kind word or deed can make a difference in showing God 's love to others . I highly recommend that corporations have all of their employees read this book .
 Personal accountability , integrity , character - whatever you label it , it 's doing the right thing , even when no one else is watching . `` Your Signature Life '' is a personal-development home run!Through captivating imagery and intriguing statistics , Dianna Booher challenges us to examine our lives to see what kind of character we are developing . Do we reflect light or darkness ? She shows us how our experiences and relationships may help to form the way we look at the world , but they do not have to define who we are or who we will become.Although we can not control the actions of those around us , we are called to control our responses to those actions . Personal accountability is not a thing of the past . We can and must have it today if we ever hope to look back over our lives and smile . Others are watching . God is watching.Ms . Booher 's latest release , `` Your Signature Life , '' is a triumph for those seeking to live a life of integrity and total fulfillment .
 Wisdom and general life principles drawn from the Biblical book of Proverbs accompany an amazing compilation of quotes from scores of sources . Booher draws from these sources to walk the reader through a process for gaining wisdom , wisdom for those who show a commitment to morally right choices , pursuing God 's best as you produce your own signature life.The book is made up of three sections : Part I
 No matter how many times I read this book , it is impossible to get tired of it . Most definitley the best Foundation book Asimov ever wrote . Two very superb stories , which show that you do n't need a million word novel to produce a masterpiece .
 Being an avid sci-fi fan , I 've read many books of the genere , but Foundation was the first Asimov that I had read . Foundation was an amazing book , in what I imagine is an incredible series . -LRB- I have n't read the others yet ! -RRB- Asimov hooks you with a flawless story-line and personable characters , and reels you in with superb twists and turns and a way of resolving things that is limited to only his intellect . His visions of the future are as or more astounding then Orson Well 's and his story-telling ability ranks among the best . It might be a `` Seldon '' crisis if you do n't read this book . In other words if you are looking for a well crafted , enthralling , completely enjoyable novel , this is it .
 Foundation is truly one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written . Isaac Asimov 's logical , scientific , and always entertaining writing style is one-of-a-kind . Anyone who appreciates a conseravative , intelligent book will find this book to be a masterpiece . Isaac Asimov has shown himself to be a true Grand Master .
 The spectacular universe created by Issac Asimov in Foundation is excellently complemented by the second in the series . From the last gasps of the dying Galactic Empire to a threat so powerful even Hari Seldon could not forsee , this story adds to the action and drama in the history of the Foundation
 I think this book have to read for every fanatic of science fiction.Is the first of the serie and the best.Is just a classic .
 I think Isaac himself must have been a robot . No human being could possibly have such an amazing command of language . While being filled with plot twists and brilliant surprises , it still manages to let you get in deep with the characters . And if you do n't think that it 'll have enough violence , Salvor Hardin and I say `` Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent . '' This book deserves more than a ' 10 ' but that as far as ther atings will go ! Brian Duffy -LRB- duffy@datanet.ab.ca
 The Foundation novels were a great pleasureto read , and I was surprised at the detailand intelligence Asimov puts into hisbooks . Having written over 300 books ofdifferent genres , he is a scientific masterat writing , and he is considered an above-allsuperior science fiction novelist of the 20thcentury . The Foundation novels , all worksof art , are a nirvana in his ability .
 Being a Foundation nut , I have given a 10 to all of Issac Asimov 's Foundatino books . -LRB- and will probably give all his other books 10 's too -RRB- The basis behind this story is that it describes an Empire - a Galactic Empire , mind you - that seems to be the same incredible picture of strength that it had been for 12,000 years . The brilliant mathematician , Hari Seldon , developes his science of Psychohistory , a way of predicting the course of future events and discovers that the Empire is decaying and will soon collapse . He then works out a plan to place two `` Foundations '' at `` opposite ends of the galaxy '' , so that in the course of a millenium they will converge and form a new and greater Empire on the ruins of the old . The novel is sort of like a fictiona
 This is one of Asimov 's early masterpieces . However , I would not recomend it to those who like action books . This has only a little bit of action in it . The main attraction to it is the intellectual stimulation . The Galactic Empire is falling after 12,000 years . Hari Seldon realizes it and , using the science of psychohistory , the prediction of the future in broad , statistical terms , establishes two Foundations `` at opposite ends of the Galaxy '' to cushion the Fall . This , the first of the classic Foundation series to be written -LRB- though only 3rd in chronological order -RRB- , traces the early development of the First Foundation as it struggles first simply to survive in the prescence of powerful , hostile Kingdoms -LRB- which had formerly been parts of the Galactic Empire -RRB- , and then to gradual growth and domination of its area of the Galaxy , and the promise of eventually establishing a Second Galactic Empire . Not a traditional novel , but perfect if you like history , as it traces the `` historical '' development of a nation . This is the epitome of the future history genre
 A truly intriguing series that has kept me spellbound for quite a while . Of the fourteen books in the Robot , Empire , and Foundation series , I have seven of them . I just need to find the final of the Foundation series `` Foundation and Earth '' . I just wish Mr. Asimov was here to keep the series going . Each book holds your attention with the drama and suspense of what 's going to happen next . The imagination really soar 's ! Recommended for every Sci-Fi reader !
 It was my first Asimov book , and I ca n't stop to read all of his books about Fundation and Robots . I think , it is Epic . It is not a fast-read book , it has little dialogs , but it is great ! .
 I do not read science fiction , generally , but Asimov 's fantastic tale of the future was so accesible , so fascinating and original , that it just blew me away and before I knew it I was hooked on the series . OK , OK , it 's kinda dated ; some characters are caught using `` the futuristic version of the slide rule '' and there are apparently no women at work on the Foundation Product , and EVERYTHING is powered by nuclear energy , but cut Ike some slack ! This was the 50s , after all ... Anyway , the series gets far more ... progressive ... as it goes along . And , to me anyway , the dated bits were more amusing than anything else . Anyway ... in a genre convoluted by over-used lasers , aliens , and so on , Asmiov 's FOUNDATION stands out as a story about the evolution of humanity . You do n't have to be a sci-fi fan to enjoy this series , just a humanitarian . This is one of those books that should be long to everyone 's private library !
 If you think you might even possibly like science fiction , this is a must read book !
 This is my favorite American Sci-fi . There are almost none of the crudities of most other American sci-fi . I prefer the Foundation and the first novella of Second Foundation to the latter half of the trilogy ; Asimov grew a little tired of his main theme as he progressed , although he still has some memorable scenes , such as the description of Rossem . The French translation of this is itself a classic , and irons out Asimov 's occasional ` mass-market ' juvenilic elements into a very high level of literate expression . But the English is far from bad to begin with , and has , if not a Gibbonian , at least an H.G. Wellsian flavor . Asimov 's later Foundation novels are far below the three volumes of the Foundation trilogy proper . They resemble the common run of American sci-fi - aimless plots , flavorless language , etc. . I am always puzzled that some people do n't think Asimov has convincing characters . Who remembers , or cares , about the characters of a Heinlein or Clarke ? But Asimov has at least a dozen characters that are known to every sci-fi fan . Asimov possesses a masculine vigor of language and an episodical manner of imagination that pleases me very much .
 The best example around of Asimov 's work . It is intellectual , interesting , and just plain entertaining . reading it , you can feel the danger that the fledgeling Foundation is in when threatened by its aggeressive neighbors and there are unconventional solutions . I have only two complaints . The book is dated and there is little action . Get past those and you 're sure to enjoy the book .
 One of the problems with the original Foundation was that Asimov seemed unsure of where he wanted to go . However , in Foundation and Empire , he finds his way . The story of the Mule is pure genious . With psychic powers being a cliche in SF today , it is hard for the modern reader to appreciate . The part when the Mule 's identity is revealed gave me chills , even the second time .
 I really liked this book , but I want to give you some warnings about my tastes & what I found odd about it . First I used to read history books for fun & sometimes I still do . Second there were absolutely no female characters in this one . This struck me as bizarre then & it still does -LRB- by the way I 'm a male & most definitely not a feminist -RRB- The later foundation books , especially those written in the 80 's & 90 's , are better characterized & women are much better characterized . Also this is a 1940 's view of the future . That does n't mean it 's dated -LRB- are Dumas or Poe dated ? -RRB- it just means you have to put it in context . Why did I like it then ? My love of history , the ideas , the grandness , & unrepentant sentimentality . I think if I read it again I might not like it as much , but the memory of it 's great . If you know a teenager reading star trek books do what my dad did & give them this .
 I have read every book in the Foundation Series . The First must be read to fully appreciate all the others , but the best one in the series is Foundation and Earth . It 's so unfortunate that the publishers who do n't have the rights to this novel in the series do n't include it in their lists .
 I have read 5 of the 7 foundation books . I find this one to be the least enjoyable , but I still consider it a classic . While Asimov 's writing style improved over the years , Foundation is still a great read . Psychohistory is such an interesting idea , that it makes one think if it is possible . Although the books get better as the publishing years increase , the first one is still a great one . One note , though . Asimov 's style of `` action '' here is not excellent , so be forewarned . Personally , I find his Robot series more enjoyable , but Foundation is still one of the best series ever written . I would give 4.5 stars , but unfortunately I cant .
 I doubt I shall ever come across a better writer of history or Science Fiction in this lifetime.Asimov was a great student of history , psychology , and science . Unlike most students and academics , though , Asimov also was a superb writer in each area and could distill the essence of his knowledge into entertaining non-fiction or fiction . Read his books regarding history of civilization or about Black Holes or about religion and I 'm sure you will appreciate his knowledge about such diverse topics and his ability to keep you awake at night reading!I 'm not saying you will agree with his every point - only that you will be exposed to a well-articulated discussion.In the Foundation series , it is clear Asimov has combined history and psychology to an extraordinary degree . The question is , was this young man of Russian birth writing of Russia 's future or was he merely writing of England 's past?You see , a great civilization has encompassed all the known world . Then , inevitably , it will begin a collapse . As in other empires , collapse begins in part due to the burdensome administrative hub -LRB- Moscow , Washington DC or London ? -RRB- , combined with a recession at a time when the outcast and downtrodden are fed up with unemployment and unfulfilled promises of a better future -LRB- Eastern Europe or the inner cities of America or Britain -RRB- . This dilemma is further exacerbated by revolutionaries and terrorists in the hinterlands.Enter Mr. Seldon . Clearly he is based on the alter ego of Asimov himself , for the man is a student of mathematics , psychology , religion and history , as well as of politics.I could write a book to dissect the brilliance of the writing and the lessons for all leaders , but will simply say that Foundation , Foundation & Empire , and Second Foundation make up my favorite all-time trilogy . No knock against Lord of the Rings intended . LOTR is terrific but not quite as good .
 The story is one of the most detailed , most thought-out stories ever . Covering more than 10.000 pages , this is the most involving story you will ever read ! Make sure to read ALL books !
 This is the best Sci-Fi ever . Asimov 's Foundation universe was the start of modern sci-fi , Star Wars & Star Trek 's ships and technology are both copied from the Foundation . This the start of the best sci-fi series ever . The Foundation trilogy is a must read . = -RRB-
 Foundation consists of five stories separated by several decades each . The Trantorian Empire has lost its hold on the outer perimeter of the galaxy . Hari Seldon , founder of the predictive science of psychohistory , knows that the Empire is doomed to collapse and that thirty millennia of barbarism and anarchy will ensue before a second empire will rise . But Seldon claims to know a way to shorten the dark ages from 30,000 years to a single millennium.The stories in Foundation chronicle the infancy and development of Seldon 's Foundation society initially established on the remote planet Terminus . Seldon 's psychohistory predicts several crises that the Foundation must survive in order to bring about the desired drastic shortening of the dark ages . Four of the five stories each describe a crisis that confronts the Foundation.So far I 've read the Robot series , the Empire series , and the first three books in the Foundation series -LRB- Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation -RRB- . I find the epic story so far to be extremely engaging and imaginative . The stories in Foundation are a bit disconnected and not fleshed out enough , but nevertheless do a more than adequate job of describing the fall of the Galactic Empire .
 This book is amazing . After waiting all these years to jump onto the Asimov train I am glad that I am finally here ; the book is thoughtful , smart , and paced wonderfully . The solutions to the Seldon problems all provoke different themes the novel wishes to convey.The book is a short easy read and if you like Sci-Fi , I recommend this book to you .
 I decided to reread the Asimov series in order . Asimov 's &#34; Foundation series &#34; novels are classics of the science fiction genre . Some of the foundation novels drag on a bit but &#34; Foundation and Empire &#34; moves along well . The Asimov style emphasizes interpersonal relationships as opposed to showcasing gee-whiz science fiction apparatus . If you like science fiction you should read the foundation series novels as they are the basis of a lot of subsequent science fiction novels . Indeed , Star Wars may have been based on the Foundation novels or at least influenced their development .
 I bought the complete series of the Foundation for my husband , because he had n't read it before . There are 7 books , not three , and I can say that Isaac Assimov is one of the great brains of the past century . His story about the History of the future is so awesome !
 I bought the complete series of the Foundation for my husband , because he had n't read it before . There are 7 books , not three , and I can say that Isaac Assimov is one of the great brains of the past century . His story about the History of the future is so awesome !
 The middle of a trilogy that should be read in sequence . Lots of great characters and ideas . Asimov is the best
 I avidly read these novels and really enjoyed them . Though they have been around for quite a while , they are still relevent !
 You will like this one . A little easier to get into than Foundation since you understand where he is going with the series now .
 This is one of the best SF novels by one of the best SF wrters . I got this to go back and reread it . After 20 years it should be as good as the first time .
 Like 1st Foundations , I had not read this one in years . It did not seam as rich as I thought I remembered it . Was glad to see a Kindle Edition so it was easy to revisit this classic .
 The first book of Asimov 's classic Foundation Trilogy . It is a must-read for any true fan of science fiction . Like other great works of the genre , it has held up over time , and is one of those books that you 'll find yourself going back to read again and again . I highly recommend it . Be sure to also check out the other two books of the Foundation Trilogy , `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' .
 Here in the second installment of Azimov 's fantastic Foundation epic , you have a continuation from the first that at first seems a let down . Then the Mule shows up and the action really gets going.The first part is about the General and the reason I say it 's a letdown is that what you think is going to happen , and hope for the sake of action is going to happen , does n't . It 's important that it doens ' t and makes a good point.The Mule however is where the meat is as others have stipulated . He 's a monkey wrench in the whole plan Hari Seldon put together to save humanity during the ` Dark Ages ' after the collapse of the Galactic Empire . Well written and a definite must for any who claim to love sci-fi .
 I first read Foundation as a bored teen , with no idea what it was about . Foundation is a book which demands to be read quickly , and thus the impression , amidst the brilliant storyline , is often shallow.I read it this time in a couple of hours ; I would 've read it quicker without work and cafes and other impediments , but basically I devoured it . And because it read so fast , the impressions of the individual stories flickered past too.The sense of history as pattern is stronger in this book than any single narrative . Having read the brilliant new Foundation trilogy , written by the three Bs -LRB- Brin , Benson , and Bear -RRB- which tells the personal life story of Hari Seldon , the very brief treatment of Seldon in the first trilogy is more notable for what is unsaid . Hari is just another name in history for Asimov ; the hero is the idea , even the fast-flow of the narrative of itself might be called the Hero , because the whole notion of story here is webbed against historical patterns so closely.Briefly , then , Foundation has the setup and three payoffs . The setup is Hari Seldon arranging exile to Terminus.Salvor Hardin 's politicization of Terminus is the first payoff , and is especially brilliantly written.Smyrnian Trader Limmar Ponyet 's chicanery on planet Askone 's closed market demonstrates the limits of religion and is the second payoff.Then Hober Mallow 's power grab and abandonment of religion for trade as a means for influence in the third.The story starts and ends with court cases , first against Hari Seldon and last against Hober Mallow . The ideology of the book is anti-violence and pro social and economic measures . In fact it may be the first really positive exploration of what has come to be called `` soft power '' , of which the European Union is the present example.The great touches of image serve to cast a deeper shadow on the role of public morality in sustaining a civilisation . For instance , the ambassador from Anacreon presents the hilt of his gun as a symbol of peaceful intentions when he visits Salvor Hardin on Terminus.In the context of history the book is extraordinarily complex and sophisticated . Social and economic complexity is reduced and strained free of dense matter and difficulty , like consomme soup , made to be thin yet delicious and easily consumed . The very first thought I had at the end of reading Foundation was `` how I wish there were a history of Rome so readable and fast and easy to consume ! `` Normally I read Foundation in a great hurry -LRB- as I have this time -RRB- in combination with the other two books , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation . But I only have a copy of the first book of the trilogy and must make do with it.The first payoff is quite brilliant , because it is delayed and played out indirectly , thus deflecting the thrill of emotional rush into intellectual wonder . Specifically , Salvon Hardin delays the confrontation between Terminus and Anacreon for thirty years , years which Asimov summarizes in a bitter and brilliant battle of words between the old Hardin and young Sek Sermak . Thus the reader feels that the payoff is deferred . The reader senses an even bigger payoff at the far end of the section , `` Mayors '' . And Asimov does not fail us . For Salvor Hardin travels to Anacreon to personally entrap the evil regent there and defeat him - again , inevitably , with soft power . Hardin defeats his enemy on the enemy 's territory , at the precise moment when it seems all is lost for the Foundation.One is left with the distinct impression that brains defeat brawn , skilled inaction and insight defeat busyness and boldness , and that the power of wisdom and foresight overcomes even a social collapse on the scale of the fall of the Roman Empire - as indeed they did . For the Fall of Rome resulted in the rise of Christendom , and with it a grand tradition - so Asimov 's message , by locating a historical European lesson in the distant future - becomes a timeless affirmation of human excellence.Foundation thus stands virtually alone in the field of science fiction novels in excellence .
 Clear intelligent prose marks this as well as Asimov 's other books . The fact that there is hardly any action in this trilogy , and yet it is still fun to read , shows you how good Asimov is at writing just `` intellectual '' fiction.But the truth be told , Foundation is not `` the greatest sci-fi series of all time . '' Sure , it won the Hugo that said just that . But that was only about fifteen years after the trilogy was published , and , remember , only fifteen years after the Hugo Award was instituted . Fifteen years is n't long enough to be making grandiose all-time statements like that.After Foundation , Asimov was to grow as a writer . He said so himself . He admits its faults
 You 've already read the publisher 's summary for yourself , so let me just add that this is THE classic SF trilogy . Book one , `` Foundation , '' creates the future world , its declining culture , and how a group of strong-minded individuals do n't want to see knowledge die . How they do that drives this novel . In book two , Asimov introduces the mystery of the mule , and in book three Asimov pulls a rabbit out the hat called the Second Foundation.If you enjoy books that entertain , books that offer good mysteries , and books that make you think about bigger things in life , than this series is for you . It 's too bad our political leaders do n't read novels like this . Maybe we 'd avoid the continual messes they get countries in .
 Asimov is a must read for any science fiction reader . Even though the writing style leaves something to be desired , the pure imagination of his writing is something memorable . It 's hard to imagine Star Wars or any other sci-fi without this book . Asimov barrels through time and the universe passing through hundreds of years in the turn of a page in a way that is rich and convincing . He builds many worlds , characters , and ties it all together through Hari Seldon and his psychohistory -LRB- a previously worked out map of human reactions , and thus events , for generations to come -RRB- and the Mule -LRB- a mutant who throws a wrench in the plan and -- like most bad guys , or in this case mutants -- seeks world domination -RRB- . What 's incredible about this villian is his strange depth which the reader gets completely secondhand . The book goes on and on with one beautiful idea after another . For example , a strange jester/clown character , Magnifico , that the heroes -- Bayta and Torie -- pick up plays an instrument called the sono-visor . This instrument harnasses the alpha waves of the brain and mixes melody with image in each listener . Now how 's that for cool ? Asimov wows the reader again and again with clearly explained inventive ideas . This book is the first of a trilogy . A must read for anyone with an interest in literature or science-fiction .
 The Foundation Trilogy is timeless . Asimov is the master . No wonder it won a Hugo for best all-time series.It 's the fall of the Galactic Empire and the rise of the Foundation guided by psychohistory -LRB- a scientific method of predicting the future -RRB- developed by the Foundation 's founder , Hari Seldon.Classic Sci Fi !
 There are a lot of people reviewing this book on this website who give it low reviews because it 's dated . Yeah , sure , it 's dated ... it was written in the forties , it 's going to be dated , but that does n't lower the quality of the story.Now that that 's out of the way
 Ive been a long time sci-fi/fantasy fan . However , it has taken me many years to finally pick up a book Ive heard so much about . Through the first half of the book , it felt like the average sci-fi novel . However , as I neared the end , I found myself enjoying it . Asimov included some witty political resolutions to the puzzles and ` Seldon crisis ' throughout the book . I kept wanting more of these carefully crafted shorts and was very entertained towards the end.Asimov could have executed the story a little better so that the timeline did n't skip fifty years after every short . The lasting effect of this piece is somewhat diminished by this fact . Also the repetition of plot will keep me from reading any more of the series . I think it is the tragic flaw in Asimov , too much of a good thing . He has books published about everything it seems . Search for ` Asimov ' and you will see what I mean.Overall it was a good book and I highly recommend it . It was an enjoyment to pass the time with .
 This book sets the stage for the rest of the series . Hari Seldon is introduced and his theories of Psychohistory are explained . Then Seldon 's Foundation is established on Terminus , a remote planet at the edge of the Empire , with the goal of shortening the period of barbarism the universe will experience . However , there are no Psychohistorians located in the Foundation ... only scientists . The planet has very few native metals and virtually no defenses . The scientists must figure out how to rule their world and fend off avaricious neighbors as the Empire begins to crumble . The majority of this first volume contains vignettes chronicling the Foundation leaders responding to various crises that Hari Seldon predicted centuries before . The crises are varied and plausible . The solutions to the problems that arise are not solved by any miraculous means , but by tough , clever political maneuvering . Watching the crises and their solutions unfold is very enthralling and keeps you turning the pages at a rapid pace .
 This book was recommended to me for a writing exercise , and I was surprised to find that I enjoyed it as much as I learned from it . I had lumped Asimov in with Clarke as a boring SF writer , and I was quite wrong . This book also works amazing magic with the passage of time and circumstance , and despite how quickly characters drop out of the landscape of the novel , the reader remains interested . A masterful work from one of the great masters.If you do n't know much about SF , this is a good book for you ; if you are a SF fan who thinks Asimov has nothing to offer you , this is a great book for you . Pick it up .
 People like to throw five star reviews at just about anything . I suppose they feel that almost everything written is as good as it gets . Foundation is one that deserves all five stars.It 's a classic . The premise is intriguing . The story unwinds brilliantly over three books . Do n't expect to read The Foundation alone . It does leave you hanging . The next two books in the trilogy are a must.This is one of a handful of solid , enduring works that will be enjoyed long after other works fade off the lists ...
 Ah Foundation , this is perhaps one of the best and highly original works of Dr. Asimov . I was impressed that a man of only 20 could come up with such a creative vision of the future , it was not only the very distant future but one aside from most of the common stereotypes . This books plot line was excellent , he sounded like he really knew what he wanted from the get go , and not make it up as he went along . If i had to change a thing , it would be ; i would like to see some of these characters come to a complete close , I 'm not saying that i would like to put a stop to the big gaps through time , but make the characters have a little more closure.I think that you will get a lot out of this book as far as understanding plain human nature , it shows that no matter how far you go into the future there are some human characteristics that will never go away such as faith and greed . Foundation really opens a door for science fiction , especially in the two books remaing in the trilogy , you should definatly read those , as for the other four , that is your choice , i would read the reviews before reading them.As for Foundation , it is an excellent book , the characters are as defined as well as can be for the time alotted for them to portray the story . This is a must read epic that spans almost a thousand years -LRB- if you read the whole series -RRB- ENJOY !
 Foundation . Arguably the greatest creation of science fiction to date , from the most prolific writer of the genre . Isaac Asimov 's tour de force first graced the pages of the May edition of Astounding Science Fiction in 1942 . By the time the last instalment of the saga was finished in 1992 , -LRB- only a matter of weeks prior to Asimov 's death -RRB- , the story had gone full circle so that you finished almost where you had set off from . We are initially told of The Seldon Plan ; A one thousand year strategy mathematically and statistically conceived by Hari Seldon , to potentially minimise the eventual downfall of the once almost omnipotent , but now crumbling Galactic Empire . Seldon 's Plan is for a group of specially chosen settlers to emigrate to Terminus , an uninhabited planet in a remote corner of the galaxy , from where they will create the Encyclopedia Galactica , a definitive omnibus of information necessary to aide a new and even stronger Empire rise long after the anarchy of it 's predecessors demise.Throughout five of the seven Foundation books Asimov wrote , the reader witnesses the unfolding of The Seldon Plan , and how the original settlers of Terminus evolve over the centuries , as the work of the long dead Seldon comes to fruition . The two ` prelude ' books in the series tell of Seldon 's life , and his initial realisation as a young man , the gravity of what must be done to save the people far into the future , while simultaneously trying to instigate his master plan.Upon reading the end of the last of the books in a chronological sense -LRB- Foundation & Earth -RRB- , the reader is gifted with the biggest jaw-dropping , mother of all twists in the story , which turns almost all of what you have read in the previous books upside down . Read Foundation , and guaranteed you 'll read the other six books all in immediate succession .
 I am not a science fiction fan without being a fan of the big idea , but in the Foundation Asimov introduced galaxy-wide empires and a plausible new science . There 's no new compelling themes in this book . Without that quality , you are left to Asimov 's weaknesses
 In this sequel to `` Foundation , '' Asimov continues to channel Edward Gibbon , charting the rise and fall of the Galactic Empire and the subsequent rebirth , like a phoenix from the ashes , of a new and improved federation.On its own , `` Foundation and Empire '' suffers from an acute case of Middle Chapter Syndrome -- and this is somewhat surprising since Asimov originally published his trilogy as a series of nine novellas . The reader who is n't familiar with the first `` Foundation , '' with its extended prologue and four installments , will be at a loss . In the previous book , each chapter details a different interplanetary chess match between -LRB- on the one hand -RRB- the long-dead `` psychohistorian '' Hari Seldon , who had predicted the empire 's demise and who initiated events that will accelerate the rise of a second empire , and -LRB- on the other -RRB- various individuals who struggle in vain to change the course of that inexorable future . `` The General '' and `` The Mule , '' the two episodes in this volume , will surprise the reader by departing from the pattern in the previous book . The first and shorter story is the lesser of the two ; all the `` action '' occurs offstage , and the protagonists wait in suspense for a catastrophe that never really materializes . It 's a bit of a letdown , but Asimov presents this incident to make a point
 Foundation is the first of three books in the original Foundation trilogy . It 's a wonderful exploration of what might be if psychology , sociology and statistics could be melded together to predict the future with a high degree of reliability . I found it fascinating as a spiritual analogy , even if that was unintended by Azimov . Read it through the lens of Hari Seldon as a god-type , perhaps you 'll find the same interesting subtext that I did .
 Great classic Sci Fi . Loved it . It was fun to notice some of the technology that is already outdated , like microfiche and televisions , how nuclear power was so important , but this did n't affect my interest or enjoyment in the novel .
 I put Asmimov 's Foundation series among the finest science fiction ever written . Up there with Lord of the Rings . His brillance is amazing and he takes you into a world of the future that makes sense .
 Foundation is a reread for me -LRB- I read it way back when I was in high school -RRB- , and to be honest , I ca n't decide if I liked it more then or if I liked it more now . Which probably means that I felt the same way about it both times.Which is that it is a well-written , intriguing work of thoughtful science fiction.When it comes down to it , Foundation is the type of science fiction that I SHOULD love . It takes place in a believable , scary future , Earth is n't remembered or maybe does n't even exist , the entire galaxy is populated , and there are lots of cool future gadgets . More than that , it is filled with intelligent people who have to think in interesting , convoluted ways to make the things that happen happen . It even starts off with a mathematician - brilliance!And that is why I DID love this book - I loved trying to figure out how the people were going to think or how they were thinking and what conclusions this would lead them to . It was like a mystery , but one in which you just have to unravel intelligence . The narrative flows beautifully , and the plot is just complex enough to keep you exited and thinking without feeling like Asimov was trying too hard.When it comes down to it , Foundation really is the perfect science fiction novel , and it 's no wonder that it won the Hugo and was named `` Best Science Fiction Series of All Time . `` But -LRB- you knew there was a but coming -RRB- , I 'm not the hugest fan of short stories , and Foundation is , essentially , a series of short stories . Granted , the short stories are so well-linked that you sometimes forget , but when it comes down to it , each chapter is a new story . In each chapter , at least 50 years have passed since the last one , entirely new characters are introduced , and the old ones , for the most part , are rarely mentioned again . The thing linking them is Harri Seldon and the Foundation that he created . It is because of this that , even though I loved it , I ca n't say that I LOVED it.Still , Foundation is one tight piece of work , and I would recommend it to any and all lovers of science fiction . I mean , when it comes to science fiction , this is it ! And I know I 'll be rereading the others in the series as well !
 I 've come to start with four stars as I note that no book is perfect ; considering this is just a story , it ca n't be perfect . My giving a book much less this one four stars is no knock on it.Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clark are considered the beginning of ` hard ' sci-fi . It 's not strictly true as there were guys like H.G. Wells Jules Verne and might I add Johannas Kepler ? There 's also the Frankenstein story . A point I want to make here is that it seems that nobody has been able to follow in their footsteps ! Why ? They did n't necessarily mean to just be scientificaly accurate . Their message was scientific humanism . It 's the philosophy of being scientific that is portrayed in their books and not just robots and spaceships.Something else that needs to be pointed out is the difference between Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke . Some would suggest that Arthur C. Clark was more technically sophisticated than Isaac Asimov . Was Arthur C. Clark really all that technically sophisticated in his books ? He had guys shooting through a vacuum to get to an A.I. computer gone haywire ! Isaac Asimov has faster than light travel by means of space folding in his foundation books -LRB- a prediction that may not be so far off ... in either technical accuracy or time ; meaning it could happen sooner than you think ! -RRB- ; he has mind reading ; we have the ability to plus computers into brains and read what they 're thinking and saying now ; it 's not mass produced -LRB- yet -RRB- ; but , it 's there . I for one only liked Isaac 's first volume of his foundation books because he has this mind-reading which I did n't like ; well , what do I know?What seems to continue to set Isaac Asimov 's Foundation appart is that of a galactic empire and how it dies -LRB- human neglect of rationalism -RRB- . It should be noted that Isaac managed to connect his foundation books with his empire and robot books ; so , he shows how intelligence really grows to dominate a galaxy , and then shows social ways that it can crumble -LRB- inspired by the fall of the roman empire -RRB- . Despite Isaac 's reliance on nuclear power as the high technology of the day , his foundation books symbolizes the real issues facing humanity and not what you get on the news channels -LRB- actual politics channels ; they just call them news channels -RRB- ; they seem to argue for the same things each election year but never solve the same problems ! Meanwhile , the science world keeps on chugging -LRB- word?lol ! -RRB- along .
 one would be hard pressed to find better sci-fi in the last 60 years than the foundation novels . what amazing insight these books had .
 I like science fiction in a generalized idea , but sometimes in particular it does n't work . I think this is mainly because I see two kinds of science fiction . One is what are essentially westerns in space . The second tries to give perspective on the current times by creating some sort of objective viewpoint on current events by giving it distance in space or time . Asimov is more of the second one . I have n't read much of his work as an adult , but I did like his short stories as a child in magazines . Genre stories , until lately , have n't had any pull in the academy so they do n't get studied or legitimized scholastically . I like this second kind much better.I like this book , the first of a trilogy and the foundation for several others -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Asimov explores our relation to information and the predictability of the future based on full information awareness . I will read more of these books , perhaps the whole series because I enjoyed and was tantalized by the possibilities of action in the future of the series . However , one interesting thing is that although Asimov was looking to the future , he was still a product of his time . When he was writing , the technology was nuclear and the future was nuclear . Thus , the future Empire is ruled by nuclear technology . Compare , for example , the cyber-punk fascination with computer technology as a driving force . Computers are almost absent from the world of the Empire and the Foundation . Instead , there are still newspapers -LRB- 96 -RRB- and messages are transferred physically . At the very least , if you take this as a futurological document , humanity abandoned mythological superstition . So - you have to read this book as both a look into the future and a historical document . Asimov is a fantastic writer , but he could n't overcome the limitations of his time .
 Parts of the book I really enjoyed . I appreciate the twists played by characters on one another . I felt that after reading through the entire bit , though , that not enough had actually taken place . I did n't feel I walked away with a story I could remember . I did read in one review that this was `` serious science fiction , '' so with that in mind , I still give it five stars . I only would have liked that the pace be quicker.I really really enjoyedThe Hitch Hiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . I would recommend that over this book Foundation , based on my personal taste .
 The Foundation series is one of the most renowned arcs in all of science fiction . Spanning several volumes , and thousands of years of time , Asimov provides us with a blueprint for our own decadent , ailing society -- a prevention , if you will , against the society of the 21st century , as realized later by men like Stephen Baxter inTitan.In the billion-star inclusive Galactic government , Hari Seldon , a brilliant mathematician , devised a way to accurately plot the future by analyzing past events , trends , and movements in human history . Branded a madman , he and his followers are given a kind of half-exile , half-grant to the planet Terminus , to found their Foundation , which , it seems , is to be a focal point of knowledge for Seldon 's predicted coming galactic catastrophe.But is that all the Foundation is ? A glorified university?Asimov is the herald of a new age , filled with robots , spacetravel and weird technologies beyond our understanding , and sometimes , even our imagination . A thinker , philosopher , and theologian , Asimov 's books are chock-full of singular personality and wit.I recommend Foundation as necessary-reading to any fan of science-fiction who has somehow escaped it thus far . You will NOT be unimpressed .
 I never imagined it would have been so political . I also never imagined I 'd enjoy a political story so much . The characters are brilliant and well written . I was concerned for them despite how quickly Asimov moved on to the next group . It 's more realistic this way than to have just one protagonist that you know will make it to the end of the book . This story take place over a long period of time , though it provides for a surprisingly quick read . A good balance of action and brain stimuli . -LRB- Not for adrenaline junkies . -RRB-
 Foundation is the only book I have ever read twice . The second time around , I was shocked to realize that not much ever happens . There is something about this series that makes it one of the best I have ever read but I am not sure what it is .
 Having always been a big Asimov fan , -LRB- after readingmany of hisshort stories , along with some of the Robot series -RRB- I was very excited to start reading the Foundation series . The Foundation series describes a world in which humans live on planets throughout the galaxy . In this world , the 12,000-year old Empire is in decline , and Hari Seldon has established a Foundation in the corner of the galaxy in order to reconquer and rebuild a new empire after the current one dies -- he estimates the intermediary period of barbarism can be reduced from 30,000 years to only 1,000 . Going into the first book of the series , I have to say I had high expectations , but this book managed to exceed them . Many people complain about the character development in these novels , but while each of the five stories introduced new characters , I still found each set of characters to be interesting in very important ways . Throughout these stories , the question of individuality is touched on
 If you have n't read this or the other two books in the original trilogy , you 're in for a treat . This series is almost 50 years old but still among the best SF stories ever
 Throughout the past 12,000 years , the Galactic Empire has been expanding from Trantor , its capital planet , throughout the galaxy . How humans found Trantor , or where Earth is -LRB- and other questions about Earth -RRB- , are currently unanswerable . All that is known is that this empire , which controls billions of worlds , is in a permanent social and political recession -- in other words , it is dying . Hari Seldon , reknowned psychohistorian -LRB- AKA scientist who predicts future trends -RRB- has predicted that 30,000 years will pass before a second Galactic Empire will rise . To shorten the dark age to 1,000 years , he has created a Foundation - a group of people dedicated to preserving knowledge - on the edge of the galaxy in the hope that they will share their knowledge after the fall of the Galactic Empire and create a new , and greater , Galactic Empire . Foundation is divided into four stories , which go through history from Seldon 's project through the ascent of the Foundation . Taking concepts from Gibbon 's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire , Foundation is an extraordinary book and is strongly recommended to all readers of science fiction .
 In a word , story . That 's what this is book is meant , story . As a best-class story-teller , Asimov , leads the reader into an intrincated , labyrhynthical STORY , where mathematics play a role as important as human emotions , meanwhile , both are interlaced so closely and deeply , that psicohistory raises up to capitalize human knowledge in `` favour '' of the final survival of the galactic culture.Despite the general opinion of classical criticism , that Asimov was not quite a good SF writer , but a fantasy one with no base to be considered in the universe of `` hard '' sci-fi , I should say that it 's a long way walk between writing and simply reading a book , and this may not be the most-spectacular guide to science and techno-details , but it 's in a way -LRB- a very particular one -RRB- the best ever writen
 Many of the ideas and terminology is very old time , and retro . The idea and plot of this book may in fact have kicked off the whole space opera sub-genre that i love so well . For more larger than life galaxy spanning sci fi mind blowing , try Vernor Vinge 's `` A fire Upon the Deep ''
 I find the Foundation series to be more interesting than the Robot series . I read the short story which was the seed for this book ; unfortunately , it ends completely up in the air so you are sucked into reading the whole novel . I have my problems with Psycho-History ... but so will the characters in this universe , as we shall see .
 I read this novel as a trilogy of Prelude to Foundation , Foundation and Second Foundation . The story of the last years of the Trantor Empire helped me understand a lot about our society . Even though I read it in College I still have Harry Seldon name stock in my mind . Isaac uses this story to present his theories on how science and religion influence our society . It is a marvelous saga of a loooong story of a new Empire -LRB- USA ? -RRB- build after the fall of an old one -LRB- Britain ? -RRB- . More or less this will be a very entertaining textbook on social science of history . A must for a serious SCFI reader .
 The fall of the Galactic Empire having been foreseen by the great Hari Seldon through his Psychohistory , a colony , of sorts , of scholars was established on a planet far from the center of the Empire.This Foundation , as the colony is referred , is intended to limit the chaos sure to follow from the Empire 's eventual fall . Proceeding the fall , various small dominions erupt , and for a time the Foundation treads water as a neutral entity , but things soon come to a head , and action must be taken . Unfortunately , scholars are not the best equipped to handle such situations.From the outcome of these events , the political structure of the Foundation is altered , and from there again does a conflict occur . As there was such a concentration of intellectual beings in the Foundation , there was no decline in technology as in the rest of the former Empire . And so might superior technology aid in the well-being of the Foundation , as well as its regard from neighbors.This book is actually several separate stories , taking place at different times in the early history of the Foundation , as the citizens try to fulfill the goal of Hari Seldon , now long dead , but nonetheless still influential . These stories are very well written , and obviously had a great deal of thought put into them as to how the collapse and restoration of such an entity might proceed . If you like REAL science fiction , I highly recommend this book , you wo n't regret it .
 The Foundation series is the best ever . True , it is set in the future but you do n't have to like sci-fi at all to appreciate the true brilliance of Isaac Asimov . The Foundation is a short book . Give it a try . I 'll be surprised if you do n't immediately pick up the next in the series when you are done !
 Two stories in one , this book is an excellent follow up to Foundation , and a dramatization of the strength of mind over muscle.First the Foundation is threateded by the Galactic Empire . While I disagree with the unimportance of the individual -LRB- after all , was n't Hari Seldon himself one person who changed history -RRB- , it does show the travails as a small group of Foundationers try to stop the General , when he is stopped by the very corrupt bureaucracy he serves.In the second , he brings in a new factor . The Foundation , secure and dominant but not agressive , is threatened by the Mule , a person who can control the emotions of others , reshape them into whatever he wants . Part of a slightly more fantastic area of Science Fiction , he still pulls it off well . This time it does come down to individual effort again to stop the Mule , by opponents who could not defeat him one on one but do so by their determination and individual organization.This time , he did not labor under the false assumption that he had to write a limited number of pages , so he was able to flesh out the characters more and make the plot twists more intricate , and did a truly excellent work .
 First I will detail the faults of this book . It is too brief . Mr. Asimov was working under the assumption that he had to keep it under a certain length , and so abbreviated it unfairly , cutting certain amounts of plot and character development.That aside , this book is excellent , showing the struggle against adversity and brains versus brute force that is so lacking in most modern literature . It is true that Science Fiction is the Modern version of Romantic -LRB- the time period -RRB- literature , and Asimov carried the beacon .
 I was so disappointed in the first book , Foundation , I gave it two stars . I 've been wanting to read the trilogy for years and I could n't believe that that mediocre pulp was it ! But Foundation and Empire is the saving grace . I look forward to the next book .
 This is the second Foundation Novel I have read in the whole series and it just gets me more excited for the rest . This book really brings into light the tone of the series and where it can go . Honestly Asimov is a genius . : -RRB-
 SPOILERS AHEAD !!! When I wrote the review for the first book in this series my review was number 336 , this time I 'm number 90 , which probably means that most reviewers said what they had to say about the trilogy in their review of the first book . This is ironic considering this second book is where the real fun begins.I 'm assuming here that you read Foundation , I 'm HOPING you even liked it . If you did then you will probably notice that there are only two stories in this book as opposed to the five in the previous one . Do n't let the lack of quantity bother you though , These stories are longer for the simple reason that they need to be.For me personally , there was always something that bothered me about the premise of this series . Simply put , I did n't like the fact that humanity is reduced to mathematics . That 's TOO simple though , because I happen to think that if you try hard enough , you CAN reduce -LRB- or perhaps distill is a better word -RRB- humankind down to mathematics , but the Seldon plan makes no allowance for the individual.At least , that 's what I thought after reading Foundation . As it turns out , these two stories deal with just that theme . Not only that , but they seem to state opposite views on the subject.The first part of the book finds the Foundation taking on the remains of the Great Galactic Empire . The heroes of this part are , as usual , simply the mouthpieces for the various viewpoints and have little personality of their own . They run about and try to save the Foundation with some daring do -LRB- but it 's Asimov so the said daring do mostly involves people arguing with each other about stuff -RRB- while the Foundation calmly trounces the Empire and renders their whole storyline moot.Here , the group wins out while the individual is rendered completely impotent while the group kicks butt . So , group 1 , individual 0Then comes the second -LRB- and significantly longer -RRB- story
 The second book in the Foundation series continues the narrative of the first ; it chronicles the defeat of the decaying Galactic Empire by the Foundation , and its subsequent defeat by the mutant intelligence that is the Mule . Asimov 's books are an almost perfect blend of suspense , action , dialogue , character-building , world-building , narrative , and plot . He knows how to keep the pages turning . Even the less interesting half of the book -LRB- the first-half -RRB- is still enjoyable - it 's just that the second part is so much more interesting ; the twist at the end is especially something to be savored . Like all his books , the joy comes from not just the narrative itself , but the situations that Asimov places his characters in , and how they ingeniously improvise solutions to their dilemmas . The Foundation series is , irrefutably , classic science fiction , and it makes one wonder why Hollywood has n't taken these literary gems and processed them into something less fine and lacking luster.One minor grievance ; some phrases seem to reappear in multiple books of the series . Asimov seems particularly fond of the adjective `` sardonically '' - but this can scarcely be deemed a flaw , just something that one might notice .
 The second book in the original trilogy , and the fourth book overall , Foundation and Empire is the great sequel to Foundation . It 's really two different stories set many years apart.The first story covers the empires attempt to conquer the First Foundation led by its last great general . The second covers the mutant known as the Mule and his attempt to conquer the entire galaxy . The mysterious Second Foundation comes into play for the first time at the end of this book.Like its predecessor , at only 320 pages it makes a quick and interesting read . As one of the few sequels I 've ever read which is n't a let down from the book it follows , I highly recommend it as well as the rest of the series .
 Asimov has crafted a sci-fi masterpiece in this novel . It is this novel that takes the Foundation series to a new level of brilliance . While the original novel is strong , this book is stronger . One advanatage of this book over its predecessor is that it is a single story as opposed to a series of novellas . This yields greater investment in the characters as they develop throughout the book . Asimov displays here all the attributes that have earned him monolithic status among sci-fi writers -- unforgettable characters , ahead-of-his-time technology , and an entrancing plot with endless twists and turns . Essential reading for sci-fi fans .
 Great book ! Second in the series of three novels , all three are worth the read . I read all three in about two and half weeks . It might be interesting to read them in conjunction with Kuhn 's Structures of Scientific Revolutions . Every `` Seldon Crisis '' brings about a `` new world '' . Really fun stuff . Do n't miss out !
 I first read the foundation triology in high school in the early 60 's . Nearly 50 years later , reading it again was almost like reading forthe first time . Asimov added two more books later , but the first threeare the real classics here . The concept of psychohistory may be as importantas the novels are good . I have n't seen any movies made from thesestories , but it seems like they deserve that.Before there was ever an x-man there was the mule ; that chance of genetic nature of a psi mutant who could change mens mindsas he pleased . The plan could n't account for this , but the second foundationwas never found by the mule . I recognized in the mule a manvery like the French Napoleon who could take advantage ofthe weaknesses of others . In later life Asimov became verymuch ` hard science ' orientated so that these early space operatype novels were actually rationalized into an artificial unified time linethat really does a disservice to their original intension in my view.I still like this book with age !
 If you consider Star Wars as George Lucas 's answer to Asmiov 's `` Foundation '' then this is very much in the mode of Episode V. Asimov spent the first book building up his psychohistory paradigm just to knock it down in Foundation and Empire . A much darker and more intense book , downbeat in mood , and leading to the inevitable conclusion in Second Foundation .
 This is certainly an excellent `` first '' book in the Asimov series . Even if one has not read , Prelude to Foundation , you can pick up right up and enjoy the series . Sets the stage for the next books in the series , but also makes one think , `` What would happen if America lost its power sources ? ''
 I think asimov truly showed his ability in Foundation and Empire . Whether or not Foundation was better is debatable . But to create 2 knockout novels is pure gift . All the people who say it is bad are wrong . they say you should read a classic . It is a classic ! A modern classic ! the series deserves a place among Dune and other SF greats . The Mule was stroke of genius . The surprise ending was wonderful . whatever they charge you for this it is a deal .
 I recently read Foundation , all I can say is Wow ! . First let me say this is not STAR WARS and it is n't STAR TREK , This is what Science Fiction is all about . Truly epic in every sense of the word , Foundation offers us a window into a future so far away Earth is forgotten completly . And like any good epic , their is no main character , instead the story is a series of short stories . Each story features new characters and plots decades , sometimes centuries apart . The best part of this book is that its only part one ! I ca n't recommend this book enough ! If you consider yourself a serious Sci-Fi fan then get this book today .
 Foundation and Empire is the second of the original Foundation trilogy written in the 1950s . The first book is Foundation and the last is Second Foundation . I enjoyed Foundation but I liked F&E ; quite a bit more ! Foundation consists of five disconnected short stories , too short for adequate development of the settings or characters . F&E ; is much more focused , containing only two stories , the second of which really impressed me.A quick refresher on the background
 As in Foundation , this is actually not a single story . Here are presented two separate episodes in the development of the Foundation toward the establishment of the Second Galactic Empire.The first details the encounter between the growing Foundation and the still-very-powerful Empire . At the forefront is an Imperial General of outstanding ability and charisma . Unfortunately , Hari Seldon , the architect of the Foundation , predicted all this with his psychohistorical calculations . While the general is very successful in his opposition to the Foundation , his very nature ensures his downfall.The second story is quite ingenious , in that the single large failing of Seldon 's psychohistory is brought to light . An individual beyond the predictive nature of psychohistory has appeared and done the impossible . While there is a type of mystery presented , Asimov either wanted the reader to know the answer before the characters , or he did n't try very hard to obscure the nature of things . But this is a crucial moment in the Foundation 's development , as they seem to be vulnerable after all . This story depends heavily on a plot element present in all the Robot-Empire - and now Foundation Series
 When Isaac Asimov was writing at his best , he was the one of the best science fiction writers to ever heft a typewriter.He wrote the orginal short stories to make up the Foundation novels in the 1940 's for John W. Campbell 's Astounding Science Fiction Magazine . In large messure , he modelled the history in the stories after the fall of the Roman Empire.Hari Seldon , Salvor Hardin , Hober Mallow are names that stand in the history of Science Fiction like the names of real people in many ways . `` Violence is the last resort of the incompetent '' and `` Never let your morals get in the way of doing what is right '' are quotes that every reader of SF knows well.Only names like Jubel Harshaw and David Bowman -LRB- who came to life from the pens of Robert Heinlein and Arthur C. Clarke -RRB- rank with these characters created by Isaac Asimov . I 'm not positive if this is the best SF/F novel ever written , but it definitely makes the top five list of best SF novels ever written.It is a great loss to the world that Asimov slipped off his mortal coil back in 1992 . His writting is great . At least we still have his books .
 The original Foundation series was released as a series of three books
 Recently , I picked up a copy of the first book in Issac Asimov 's Foundation series , for which this review is written . I will not spoil the book in this review as some others have done.The theme was quite interesting . Essentially , one man somewhat manipulates humanity into protecting its knowledge and creative abilities by setting them apart from the `` masses '' , so that they can weather the coming dark ages . The great joke of this book is that Asimov almost makes it seem as if history is pushed forward by the `` masses '' themselves but in reality , his apparent humanism and rationality comes through as he shows that it is always the `` individual '' who in the end can save or destroy humanity.If you are a man -LRB- or woman -RRB- who cares about how ideas move history , if you believe in the sanctity of the individual , if you love life , then this is a book for you.Asimov is a man of reason and he shows it well throughout this first , in what I hope to be an excellent sci-fi series . Often times , contemporary authors infuse their lack of values into their books and characters , making one wonder who one should be rooting for . Asimov paints a clear picture of the values within man that make him worthy of praise -LRB- or not -RRB- - reason , justice and a love of life.This book can proudly stand side by side with Ayn Rand 's Anthem and Orwell 's 1984 as a warning to society about the dangers of the `` irrational '' in all its glorious forms .
 One of the BEST science fiction books I 've ever read , as written by one of the best science fiction authors to live , Foundation is a wonderful look into a completely different universe than our own.Foundation is based on a community of planets who have formed and Empire - A large collective society ... One mathematician claims that it will collapse into the dark ages , and take 10,000 years to recover and rebuild ... The foundation is formed in an attempt to reduce that time to 1,000 years by maintaining the knowledge of the present . While acting as a terrific science fiction setting and story , Foundation also serves as a very deep look into society as a whole , and how predictable a society is . The social implications of each major crisis as it occurs is aptly predicted and accounted for , which proves largely entertaining and intriguing ... This is a must read for any science fiction fan , historian , or sociologist ... It 's well written and imaginative with engaging ideas and concepts true only to Asimov .
 Foundation is the complete book of adventure . Brilliantly written by Asimov -LRB- as usual -RRB- . This book is a must-read for all readers !
 A true classic that never grows old . Asimov 's highly original plot and concise prose makes The Foundation a facinating experience for young and old . While the rest of the trilogy intensify and make for exciting reading , I feel the first book makes the best impact .
 This book is definetly a CLASSIC of all times -LRB- not only in SF -RRB- . A must read for all SF lovers.I have read the book some 20-25 times so far and its simply mind-blowing . The whole concept is well thought of and pararells can be drawn to imperialism -LRB- religion and trade -RRB- . You are made to realise the futility of trying to avoid destiny and realise that its the best to do the obvious in any situation.Definetly the best of all times .
 I feel sorry for anyone who read this book and felt it wasnt good . They obviously missed the boat big time . This book is not for those who have a short attention span , who need action & blood & guts violence or for people who can not read between the lines . This book is a powerful commentary on the state of OUR world , that , as a society , we will not stay stagnent forever . It is also a very powerful commentary on the absurdity of religion . Read it if you would like to be educated and you like to think .
 I started reading this series with the original `` Foundation '' and was very disappointed with it . After all the acclaim it received , I was expecting something truly exceptional . Instead , I got a historical narrative that is closer in style to something you would read in the Brittanica for a school assignment . It is really a kind of `` mutant '' between a novel and a documentary . What 's more , it is exceptionally boring . What kept me going was the Asimov name on the cover and the hope of better things to come . This is not to say that it is a really bad book . I must confess that it has some interesting parts and of course , the series as a whole is an absolute classic . Every other novel in the Foundation series is so brilliant , that they cover for this disappointment . It must also be remembered that Asimov wrote this book in the early 50 's when he was still a young and inexperienced writer
 This is an awesome book , but if you 're looking for battles and Star Wars style action , the sequels to this story have more . This novel spans the first 100 or so years of events that take place after the fall of a Galactic Empire . It 's a very thin book and a quick read . Some terms such as `` Gallopin ' Galaxies '' appear in the book , but be mindful of the times in which this book was written ... and the intended audience.What is entertaining and interesting is how the characters solve Hari Seldon 's predicted problems throughout the book . How cool would it be to have an entire planet of scientists -LRB- make that two -RRB- ... a tiny portion of the galaxy that is pretty much responsible for running it . As a fantasy , it 's as fun to dream of scientists in charge as it is to imagine winning the lottery . You might even glean tactics for handling dopey managers , or solving problems without going into combat . Asimov 's wit and intrigue throughout make for an entertaining and thought-provoking read .
 This story is epic . Asimov shines in The Foundation . Makes you want to read the whole series . -LRB- something Im in the process of doing now . ; -RRB-
 The writing is hard and cynical . Characters are intelligent and clear . There is scant attention paid to emotional content or the softer virtues . The writing is clear and precise . The premise of the story is simple
 Iaasic Asimov is one of the best known Science-Fiction Writers , and for good reason . He wrote this award-winning book at the age of 21 . Foundation is one of the best books I have read to this date.Science Fiction is a broad area and can only be defined by these two words , hence the name . Asimov utilizes very realistic facts in a novel placed 15,000 + years in the future . In the year 1951 when the novel was written was just 5 years after the first computer showed its face . Yet Asimov utizlizes the common computer and calculator in many scenes in this novel.The use of nuclear power for showing superiority is also used often . This book was way ahead of its time.Anyone who enjoys science fiction or even one who just enjoys being entertained by realistic facts put into a story will enjoy this book . Foundation is also very suspenseful . Such as life-changing decisions to be made , assination attempts , spaceflight , and the exploration of new worlds in detail , the reader feels like he is in the mix of the action .
 This novel , the first in a -LRB- 50 's -RRB- series of three , has not dated one bit since its first appearance . Like The Lord of the Rings , it should really be read in combination with its sequels , but the book contains its own strong moments , especially the first section on Trantor . I was amazed and moved by the cleverness of Asimov 's plots , something he is of course well-known for . Highly recommended .
 If you had bothered to read the entire series , you would know that one of the major heroes in the book is a young girl , Arkady . In fact , once the Foundation books tie in with the Robot series , you will find another woman hero , the `` mother of robotics '' , Dr. Susan Calvin . So your comment about the `` deplorable '' lack of women in the Foundation books is off the mark . And the characters are not poorly developed - what you learn about characters like the Mule is staggering - but you would n't know that because it is in the second book . I hope you do n't do this with all literature - try getting the facts first , then give an honest opinion . You will be well respected for it , even if most people disagree with you .
 The first book in Asimov 's Foundation Series is actually an anthology of stories tracing the formation of the Foundation to its growth into a competitor of the Galactic Empire . The premise is simple , its execution complex
 I am making my way through the original Foundation trilogy for the third time now , and I 'm still gaining new appreciation for it . Fifty years after it first appeared , Asimov 's Foundation series can still justifiably be called a classic . A clear influence on the Star Wars saga , and probably Star Trek as well , along with a large chunk of all science fiction that has come since . Sure there are a few things to quibble about with this series , and with this first book in particular . Asimov 's vision of the distant future , with its nuclear reactors , microfilm communications , and picture phones , all seems ridiculously quaint today . As the story blasts through several decades , interchangeable characters come and go without making much of an impression , and this first book is so obviously part of a trilogy that it does n't have a chance of standing on its own . But that 's not the point , and by focusing on these quibbles you 're missing the forest for the trees . Here Asimov has created a tremendous masterpiece of the imagination that is larger in scope than just about any other literary creation . The saga is built around the intriguing concept of psychohistory , in which the movements of huge masses of people can be accurately predicted over thousands of years -LRB- while it is still impossible to predict the actions of any one person -RRB- . An ossifying empire , obviously based on the Roman Empire in its death throes , is on the verge of horrific collapse when the Foundation is created to subtly change the course of history behind the scenes , and gradually rises to prominence and tries to usher in a new golden age . The entire saga -LRB- not just this first book -RRB- takes place over a thousand years across a whole galaxy , while Asimov believably incorporates a full palate of psychology , politics , and sociology to lend the story credence . Still a masterpiece after all these years .
 The Foundation saga is one of the most widely-known sci-fi series ever published . Started in the 1940 's with this book , Foundation , Asimov continued the series up through the 1980 's , at which point he was being basically threatened by fans to continue writing to satiate their reading interest.Foundation 's setting is in the far-future , when planets have not only been discovered and colonized , but millions of planets have been organized into a Galactic Empire that spans thousands os star systems . Hyper-industry and nuclear power form the core to this civilization , which seems to have an endless grasp on the future of civilization.That is , until Hari Seldon , a scientist , discovers the science of psychohistory , by which future events can be predicted based on calculations of human behavior . He foresess the collapse of the Empire based on inevitable social , political , and economic forces . He devises a plan to save humankind from an imminent dark age by instituting a scientific Foundation at the edge of the galaxy.This premise is what drew me to the read the book . What exciting prospects ! The opportunity to plumb the mind of the genous Hari Seldon . To get a closer look at this Galactic Empire , whose proportions were mindboggling . To understand , at a more nuts and bolts level , this `` psychohistory . '' To see what Hari Seldon has up his sleeve.Unfortunately , though the book provides an historical fiction that encompasses 300 years of life after Hari Seldon , and introduces leaders of his Foundation that are memorable for their nerve and intellect , some of the imaginative possibilities , such as most of those mentioned above , are not fully realized . I am not sure if they are realized in other books of the series , but I guess that 's for someone else to comment on.Foundation came to me highly recommended . I am not new to science fiction , but I have not read that much of this genre . I was looking forward to something that would really blow my mind away . Though I admired several things about the book and thought it was a nice read , I am not going to read the other books in this series . Coming away from this book , I felt it was good , but not much more . There were several ways in which I clearly found the book to be lacking in addition to the brevity of focus on Hari , a good discussion of psychohistory , or much emphasis on the Galactic Empire.Though Asimov 's style is surely concise and highly readable , he views plot as the central element to his writing , at the expense of other aspects of great fiction that really should have been incorporated . I will outline these at length because it appears that the book 's praises are already sung widely.First , there is not much character development . Characters are presented merely to accomplish a historical event in the flow of the story . We get a feel for the characters not as real people , but as actors on the stage of world history . Though the reader admires the nerve and intellect behind each of these heroes -LRB- there are 5 heroes that are portrayed in the generation following Hari -RRB- , there is little else that makes them interesting . While this kind of presentation of characters may work in movie adaptations or history textbooks , I like to view my characters as a little more than men-at-work . Everybody is always scheming , there 's not much downtime or description of what day-to-day life is like with these guys so far in the future , such far-off planets . The dialogue is great , though , and that 's part of the reason the book is a quick read.Secondly , there is a lack of real meaning or symbolism that defines great books . There 's not much refelction on the part of the narrator , or poignancy . The closest we get to intrinsic meaning is the interesting description of the false religion that a protagonist , Salvor Hardin , invents in order to undermine the economy of a neighboring state . Religion is also used to manipulate other planets . Hard to swallow , this helps us understand what the author probably thinks about organized religion . The book is also full of cute phrases that portray the all-importance of technology in Asimov 's future
 Foundation is great science fiction for the scientific minded , no deus ex machina here . The only fault I find with this 1st book is that the 3 main characters are exactly the same person . Seldon , Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow are the exact same character . All calm , cool and collected . Perfectly confident and perfectly logical . No difference in dialogue and problem solving skills , you would n't be able to tell from Asimov 's writing that these characters are from different time periods and are from different cultures . For that matter , every character in the book seems to be of the same culture and dialect . I realize Asimov uses a minimalist style of writing , like Hemmingway , there are good and bad sides to this . No fleshing out of characters has to be considered weakness in Asimov 's writing . It may have made for a longer book , but his characters would have been better served if they all did n't behave as robots .
 Isaac Asimov is one of the few popular science fiction writers whose fame is derived mostly from his intriguing story line and character interactions as oppose to pure imaginative science . In fact , given that this series takes place 50,000 years into the future , one could easily argue that its incredibly short sighted given how little science has evolved ; yet this detracts very little from just how entertaining this book and the series is . Asimov is a fantastic writer in terms of creating intrigue , wit , and believable dialog , and the result is he has developed a very enjoyable series.Foundation is the first book of the original three that Asimov wrote in the Foundations series , and although the series is now quite a collection of books with some even taking place before the period of this book , Foundation still represents a terrific point to enter the series . The premise is that a science exists that is able to predict the downfall of an empire that ruled the galaxy for 20,000 years , and as a result a foundation -LRB- two in fact -RRB- is set up to ultimately shorten the period of anarchy that will result in the empire 's downfall . This of course leaves open plenty of intriguing possibilities and Asimov does not disappoint.Asimov is very straight forward in his writing and leaves little open to interpretation . He has often been criticized for this style , yet in place of open ended complexities the book contains a quality that fully immerses its readers and satisfies them with clear and definitive answers . Reading the foundation novels is somewhat akin reading a history book that that highlights specific elements of importance . This style may not appeal to everyone , but once you are engrossed in the story line you will find it hard to put this book down -LRB- as well as many others in the series -RRB- . *** For those new to the series , here are the specific seven books tied directly into the Foundation story line and their original date of publication . I read these in the order they were published and was very happy to have chosen that order . Asimov also tied in some of this other book series into this one -LRB- specifically his Robot series -RRB- thus making the entire story line a much larger volume of books.Prelude to Foundation -LRB- 1988 -RRB- Forward the Foundation -LRB- 1993 -RRB- Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Foundation and Empire -LRB- 1952 -RRB- Second Foundation -LRB- 1953 -RRB- Foundation 's Edge -LRB- 1982 -RRB- Foundation and Earth -LRB- 1986 -RRB-
 Foundation is a classic of the Sci-Fi genre , and that is nearly everything you need to know . If you like Sci-Fi , and are willing to put up with some of it 's common shortcomings , this book will appeal greatly to you , for it truly deserves its place in the Sci-Fi canon .
 I was trying to find it a long time ago and in amazon it was so cheap.Good quality , fast shipping
 A good solid beginning to a stunning series .
 Well , here goes . You mention that Foundation is dated . Of course it is , it 's 60 years old ! You 'd be surprised at how badly dated some of the stuff being written today is in 60 years . You say a galactic empire ca n't be made with ` atomics ' ; you call it good old nuclear fission . Well , not all nuclear power is fission ; there is also fusion , which was not a bad idea for space travel in 1941 . Strike one . You also mention that Asimov writes in the old 60 's detective style of writing . So this dated book is writing in a style popular 20 years in the future . Strike two . You ask if anyone edited the corny dialog ; you call it tripe . Of course it was edited ; it was made into the editors idea of what would sell in 1941 ! Remember science fiction was n't taken seriously then ; it was supposed to be rather childish . One need only read later Asimov work -LRB- something you admittedly have n't done -RRB- to see that he wrote for the market at the time . Books such as ` The Gods Themselves ' even have -LRB- gasp -RRB- sex in them , something that would never have gotten past any editor at the time of Foundation . And guess what ? It was written in 1972 , a time when society as a whole was more tolerant and ready to accept such topics . ` The Gods Themselves ' would have been banned as obscene in 1941 . Strike three . To answer your query - Why in the name of antimatter would a galactic civilization be organized along the lines of a fuedal system as were the Middle Ages ? - why not ? Just because it is n't very popular nowadays on Earth does n't mean it ca n't work elsewhere . Besides , the story is a retelling of the decline of Rome - should n't there be obvious parallels ? Strike four . You mention that the plot does n't go anywhere . How would you know ? You 've only read one book . Asimov does a brilliant job of reconciling the original trilogy with the robot novels - especially considering he began the fourth novel 40 years after the original trilogy was written . At a minimum , to really understand the story you would have to read at least the next two books . Strike five . You say the book is pointless . Well , ask yourself this . If that were true , would it have near-unanimous rave reviews ? Are you one of a select few that have been able to see the book for what it truly is - a piece of junk ? No , the reality is that the state of science fiction in 2001 is that it is generally read by intelligent people - thoughtful , well-read and informed . The wool has n't been pulled over their eyes , it has been pulled over yours . Strike six . And you misspelled premises and neutrino - Strike seven . You lose .
 Start here then go to The Gods ThemselvesThen bring on Heinlein and all the others .
 Interplanetary conflict and scientific religion dominate this wonderful SF world created by a diverse knowledge of writing and our history to mesh Isaac Asimov 's knowledge into a symbolic tale . `` Psycho historian , '' Hari Seldon predicts that the city of Terminus will be destroyed , as well as the entire Galactic Empire . This Armageddon is foreseen into 3,000 years of barbaric emptiness . Dr. Seldon comes up with an idea that a group of psycho historians will need to work together with Seldon so that they can compose an Encyclopedia of the Galaxy 's history to prevent about 2,000 years of political unrest . A Foundation is created . This Foundation represents the community of these historians to produce enough updated volumes of this Encyclopedia every 50 years so that the rivalry that will occur between the time Seldon dies and this Galaxy destruction occurs , it 's ready to be of service to those struggling in the future . I found that the most interesting piece of this whole story is that as the struggles get stronger between the Foundation 's cycle leaders and the surrounding planet 's `` prefects , '' the leaders of the Foundation start to create this religion amongst the science involved with the Encyclopedia . These religious `` high priests '' become the power and influence amongst these interplanetary societies . It 's so great to see how the higher power called the Galactic Spirit is slowly becoming a widespread belief amongst the psychohistorians and their counter parts.I keep thinking about the impact of these thoughts and ideas on our own society and how similar some of these reactions would be . I see a lot of conflict between our country , the United States , and Middle Eastern countries where we are planting ourselves on other 's territory so that we can suck from their few and far between plentiful resources that are of high value to us , so we make these deals that are appealing to 2nd and 3rd class countries and once that is started we ultimatley have all of this say over what that country is up to . I feel like Foundation shows how this peaceful and well - intentioned planet is working to create righteous things and there are these outside planets wanting control over how they are going about this and need some sort of power over a smaller community in a self-serving way . The character development is my favorite part of the book because of the different personalities that Asimov creates to work out the story line of the book . The different leaders are these very he-men type characters that are young and self-righteous , working towards the destruction or protection of their homeland.Clashing righteoussness is all over this book and I think that it definaltey symbolizes some of the conflict that exists in our own country today . I did not however feel like Asmiov gave women any role at all . I ca n't think of one woman that played ANY major role in this book , and when there was a mention of a woman she was nothing but a secretary or a mediator of some sort . I felt like there were just too many hormones flying around this book and I kind of wonder what this says about Isaac Asimov and his life . A great writer but maybe needs a love life ? All around this was a great book and I recommend to all of you die hard SF fans !!! If you 're a hardcore gal that is in to SF I would pass on this book .
 The first book in the series is NOT Foundation . It 's Prelude to Foundation . It 's not available on Kindle . That 's why they 're lying to you , so you 'll buy the one they DO sell.How 's this for an idea , AMAZON
 I enjoyed this book when I read it a couple of years ago and it is still ok I guess .
 Foundation clearly deserved its awards and recognition for being a classic science fiction novel . The creative and unique story line presents the reader a sensation of the future . In the beginning of the book , Hari Seldon was introduced as a psychohistorian and mathematician who could chart the future of the human race for tens of thousands of years . He predicted a decline of the Galactic Empire , which had lasted for twelve thousand years , into a state of disorder and barbarism for the next thirty thousand years . Hari Seldon then established the Foundation to serve as the purpose of shortening the period of chaos into a single millennium or less.The book was extremely enjoyable and the pages went by fast . However , the only problem I had was that once I got to know the characters , the story went on to a situation a couple decades later with new characters . Though it bothered me , the way the author wrote his novel was necessary to put a whole century 's plot into a book . Despite the many characters in the story , the author created a distinct personality for each . Yet , each of the leaders in the different parts of the book were similar in a way ; they all dealt with conflict extremely calmly and ingeniously . They cleverly manipulated their enemies with their words and were always prepared against threats or opposition . They knew how to win the people 's votes even when they were in a weak position to run for a government position . I could not help but to ponder about what I would have done in each of the situations . I would definitely recommend this book to anyone that likes science fiction or anyone who likes reading about how characters cleverly solve their problems .
 I think this is a great book by itself and worth the time in reading it but if you have time I would recommend reading the whole series . If you do that you might want to start with `` Prelude to Foundation '' but you do n't have to . Pick up this book right away !
 For beginners into this serie of Asimov , know that their are other books before Foundation , and they are all tied-up . ----------------- < Robot serie > : I , Robot / The Caves of Steel / The Naked Sun / The Robots of Dawn / Robots and Empire < Bridging novel > : Tyrann < Foundation series > : Foundation / Foundation and Empire / Second Foundation / Foundation 's Edge / Foundation and Earth ---------------- Some highligths : - I , Robot
 On first reading of this trilogy , starting with Foundation , I was a bit bored by the politics . But all three books were in one volume , so I kept reading . I 'm glad I did ! Every time I 've read them since , I discover something new to love . The ending of this book blew my mind ! If there is such a thing as a literary high , I was on one for a week after reading this eight years ago . No book or movie you can name comes close to this kind of thrill or scope . And just when I thought Asimov could n't take it any further , he does , with a character 's last statement . By now the Foundation has gained dominance over its surrounding enemies . All part of Hari Seldon 's -LRB- the Foundation 's founder -RRB- Plan . And they are strong enough to face the Empire . The first half of the book is a power struggle of the leaders of the Empire , more politics , and a small band of traders , rebels , and scholars , who wait for the coming of the `` magicians '' to someday be their saviors . The second half of the book follows a small group of people belonging to the Democratic Underground who expect major political changes for the next Seldon Crisis . They hear of a man who calls himself the Mule . Generals surrender to him without a fight . His worst enemies become his most faithful subordinates . They seek him out , thinking he can help their cause . No one can explain the success of the Mule . Where did he come from ? Was he planned by Hari Seldon ? Hari Seldon appears , as before , as a hologram , explaining the crisis and the course of action . But he makes no mention of the Mule . Everything has gone awry , and Seldon 's plan is out of whack , and the galaxy might revert to the 30,000 years of barbarism Seldon was trying to avoid . Hari Seldon counted on several things , that there would be no major changes in the galaxy 's technology , such as something that could withstand any bombardment , or strange neurobiological weapons ; and , that human reaction to stimuli would remain constant . If it 's not the first , it must be the second -- the Mule has mental powers . How do they fight him ? By seeking out this Second Foundation . Hari Seldon mentioned it vaguely , but there is no record of its purpose , and no proof of its existence . This same small band from the D.U. , including a psychologist -LRB- as the Foundation considers one -RRB- , set off to the center of what 's left of the Empire , The planet/city Trantor , to search Seldon 's records . The whole time managing to stay out of the way of the Mule 's path of destruction , and ends with the awesome climax I mentioned . Does the Second Foundation even exist ? What is their purpose ? The psychologist , working on overdrive , seems to have found its location . `` It was so simple , '' he said . But he does n't live to reveal his discovery . Did he really find it , or was his mind too distorted to make any sense ? There are more surprises and excitement to come in the trilogy 's third installment , Second Foundation . Some people have the gall to call these books wordy or boring . Keep in mind that Lord of the Rings had its slow parts , too , but the few exciting parts are what you remember and hold it all together . It 's better to take these books as a whole . For that , one is not necessarily better than the other two , they are all essential to the whole story line . Perhaps someday we can look forward to a mutilated Hollywood version , then go back and re-read the books , and hold them dear to our hearts .
 I thought the book was somewhat dull compared to the first `` Foundation '' novel , because there are no brilliant characters such as Salvor Hardin or Hober Mallow and no great accomplishments . The first part of the book about Foundation 's struggle against the Empire is not impressive . The second part about the Mule was moving sort of slow until a brilliant ending . I was absolutely shocked at it and I thought that it was definitely worth reading the entire novel for the ending . In fact the emotion that I experienced must have been something like what people influenced by the Mule felt ! I also realized I had a great affection for the Mule , it is fabulous that a person who is predicted to be a pathetic loser in life makes it beyond all expectations . I know that the Mule is supposed to be a bad guy , so now that I am reading `` Second Foundation '' I hope that its ending would not be overly dramatic for him .
 This story is a very detailed , accurate and plausible one , with enough depth and complexity to remain entertaining even after many re-readings .
 This is one of the best developed and interesting books I 've ever read
 This book is astonishing ! Foundation was great , but this book was even better . I was hooked from the moment I started reading . It immedietly strung together details in the first book which I thought were meaningless . Although the war between Foundation and Empire was good , the best parts of the book was the story of the Mule . This was one kick-a ** story ! The moment when everyone found out that Hari Seldon 's plan had gone wrong in the Vault was one of the series ' finest written moments , and the end , oh do n't even get me started about the end of the book . I wo n't spoil it for you , but it is a great plot twist !
 From Selvor Hardin taking power from the encyclopedists to Hober Mallow conquering Korell by doing absolutely nothing , I found this to be the best sci-fi novel ever . Ender 's Game and Dune do n't hold a candle to it . Each story is a 10 on it 's own . The way the foundation grabs victory from apparent defeat is amazing . Even though Isaac Asimov -LRB- my favorite sci-fi author -RRB- has nuclear power be able to do anything , it does n't take away from the story . It 's the best book of the foundation series for sure . If you read sci-fi , you 've got to read this .
 Asimov continues with his narration of the history of the interregnum between empires in pretty much the same anthology format used in Foundation . Actually , upon further thinking , there 's probably no way really to tell the story of a 1,000 year journey on the part of humanity without doing it in snippets . More and more the series begins to read more like a history book with some dramatic events being highlighted for their importance as turning points . These turning points are called Seldon Crises , foreseen events by Hari Seldon , Psychohistorian , which impel the people of the Foundation forward to galactic dominance . Throughout the first book and a half , Asimov establishes a bit of fatalism - nothing can stop the foundation by historical imperative , and for that reason the people of the Foundation , especially it 's leadership , become apathetic.Asimov throws a wrench into the status quo with the rise of a mutant , a statistical improbability and anomaly that could not possibly be accounted for in the creation of the Seldon Plan and therefore the first truly unknown quantity with the ability to destroy the Foundation . This mutant , called the Mule , has psychic ability and the great revival of technology in the Foundation is powerless to stop him from manipulating people and working his way to dominance . The Mule consolidates his power , takes over the Foundation and destroys the remnants of the former galactic empire and it looks like Seldon 's prophecies could be wrong . That a single individual upset the 1,000 year plan to turn the Foundation into the Second Empire , in only 5 years.Asimov again explores the themes of individuality , stagnation , complacency and religion . Choice and free will are major foci for the novel . If the Seldon Plan is mathematically and psychologically accurate like a prophecy , if certain things are meant to happen , just because human beings will predictably react in the same ways in given situations , do we really have free will ? What is the role of the individual in society in in the historical process ? Asimov treats history like a Marxist , influenced by Hegelian dialectics . Conflicts and crises between opposing forces give birth to a third new status quo until it comes into conflict with an opposing force . These moments of intersection are the Crises predicted by Seldon and the focus of Asimov 's 1,000 year narrative . But the Mule changes that . He challenges the notion of inevitability and proves the fallibility of Seldon 's prophecies . But by doing so he introduces another free will paradox . The Mule has the ability to modify emotions and create complete loyalty in people . He wins victories by converting the opposing sides ' generals and leaders into giving up and then serving him , destroying free will again by creating it out of the tight confines of the Seldon Plan . It 's truly and interesting concept . How will the Mule be stopped ? Enter
 I read this as a youngster . I loved the idea , and the time vault opening at various times was brilliant . It 's a bit slow , however , and there was n't enough fighting for my tastes . I like the vast scale . This is space ships of the grand era , with galaxy-spanning empires . There are n't enough of these kinds of stories written these days .
 By now you should be familiar with psychohistory , and the exploits of Hari Seldon , Salvor Hardin , and Hober Mallow . If that first sentence just left you slightly confused then go pick up Isaac Asimov 's `` Foudation '' before reading `` Foundation and Empire '' . `` Foundation and Empire '' picks up where `` Foundation '' left off , with the First Foundation rapidly expanding throughout the galaxy . In `` The General '' -LRB- the first half of `` Foundation and Empire -RRB- , Foundation space bumps up against what remains of the old Empire , and the Foundation must square off with Bel Riose , the last great Empire general . This story is basically a continuation of the ideas started in `` Foundation '' . `` The General '' is definitely the weaker of the two stories in `` Foundation and Empire '' , however it is a necessary story to show the growing strength and influence of the First Foundation , as well as the decline of the Empire . `` The Mule '' -LRB- the second half of `` Foundation and Empire '' -RRB- tells the story of the Mule , a mysterious galactic superpower who begins conquering planets in Foundation space . The leaders of the Foundation struggle against their new enemy , and try to figure what it is that makes the Mule so efficient and effective . Meanwhile , a small group of characters working for an underground group try to find the all important location of the Second Foundation before the Mule can beat them to it . The ending of `` The Mule '' is absolutely amazing , and the grand reveal at the end can be foreseen by an observant reader , which makes it all the more satisfying.In short , `` Foundation and Empire '' , along with the rest of Asimov 's Foundation Series , is a great science fiction story , beautifully blending advanced mathematical and scientific ideas with good ol' fashioned adventure . Some readers complain that Asimov 's characters are not as deep as they could be , and they do have a point , but Asimov never wrote the Foundation books with the intent of having deep , realistic characters ; it was all about the story and the ideas . If you are looking for strong characters in your science fiction then go read Heinlein , however if you are looking for a drop dead fantatic story propelled by great scientific speculation , then you ca n't go wrong with picking up `` Foundation and Empire '' and the rest of the Foundation Series .
 I have similar reactions to all of IA 's books ... that is simply that they are great fun , an easy and enjoyable read , but not terribly challenging in any respect . I would wholeheartedly recommend any of his various books to friends and family , but I would n't expect them to come away really grappling with social issues or anything afterwards . Do n't get me wrong - he does go after social issues and examines some things in interesting ways that can be somewhat eye-opening if you 're the kind of person who never thinks that way , but it 's just not earth-shattering . This sounds horrible ... but I do n't mean it to . I love this books . I really do . : -RRB-
 This is tied for first place in all books I have read -LRB- other book is Atlas Shrugged -RRB- . The series in all is great but this book tops them all . Imagine a combination of psychology and math used to predict the outcome of population mobs and how a man would apply it to an empire he sees falling apart -LRB- not really a spoiler cause that 's a bit of what they tell you in first 2ish chapters -RRB- . This book is great not just because of the idea but because the characters are relatable , face extremely difficult situations , and yet take what seems to be the only logical way out . I highly suggest you read this book and the whole series .
 The original Foundation trilogy is today revered as one of the best works of science fiction , by a veritable giant of the genre , Isaac Asimov . Begun originally as a series of eight short stories published in Astounding Magazine between 1942 and 1950 , the first four were collected and published for the first time in 1951 under the title of Foundation.The Galactic Empire has ruled the galaxy in splendor , magnificence , and domination for the last twelve thousand years , but now its significant chapter is coming to a close ; only no seems to realize this , except Hari Sheldon . Through the revolutionary science of psychohistory , Sheldon has calculated that in five centuries the empire will come to an end and the galaxy will devolve into a hostile , barbarian world that he has predicted to last thirty thousand years . But Sheldon has a plan to cut this time of the dark ages down to a mere millennium . It will take decades and centuries of planning , with the initial creation of the galactic encyclopedia , where all knowledge and record will be stored and kept for the future . To make this happen , he creates a small civilization on a remote planet that he names Foundation . Only through the years and decades , warlords rise up around the galaxy , looking to take down the Foundation , and it is up to Sheldon 's planning for the encyclopedia and this small civilization to survive.In Foundation , Asimov does n't focus greatly on complex character development -LRB- or female characters of merit , for that matter -RRB- , but takes the sociological made-up science of psychohistory and has fun with exploring just what one can do with a world over a period of decades.Originally written on February 4 , 2011 . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- for over 500 book reviews and over 50 exclusive author interviews .
 Think of it as social science fiction . It begins a thousand-year project that , through the cleaver acions of the protagonists , attempts to save humanity from a prolonged and chaotic interstellar Dark Age that was bound to follow the collapse of the Galactic Empire . Through the use of a mathematical application on history -LRB- as well as psychology and sociology -RRB- called Pschohistory , the founder of that field of study -LRB- Hari Seldon -RRB- developed a plan to truncate the Dark Age period from 10,000 years to 1,000 years.He begins this plan by setting up a colony on a planet at the rim of the galaxy called Terminus called the Foundation . From then on the inhabitants and their descendants of Terminus choose certain actions and follow certain policies that do not always make sense to the reader until or to other characters . Sometimes the Foudation seems to be self-desctructing or that the leaders are being treacherous . But not is all that it seems . Every once in a while , sometimes after 50 years , or 30 years , the Foudation is in a situation that either spells destruction or conquest by a neighboring kingdom . This is referred to as a Seldon Crisis . This is usually a turning point in the Foudation 's path of history that was calcutaed by Seldon and part of his plan to bring about the New Galactic Empire after the fall of the old one . The important part is that Seldon Crises or the events thta bring them about are done through clever acts of political , economic or diplomatic manipulation . -LRB- Even psychological -RRB- What is most important to the plan is that Seldon needed the Foundation to be unaware of the path the people of Terminus must take . Thus , there are few social and psychological scholars to notice the trends and provide warning . THis way the actions taken are contolled for the sake of executing the Seldon plan.I did enjoy the book and will be reading and reportin on the sequels in the future . I thought it was cleaver and insightful on human nature as wellas a good understaning of history without hitting me over the head with it . The collapse of the Galactic Empire , which stretches into the sequels , is a clear reference to the long -LRB- relatively -RRB- fall of fthe Roman Empire . It seems that just like the Romans , the Galactic Empire will not be comquerds in on campaign liike Alexander did to Persia , but instead eveolve into another form of civilation with competeing factions comparable to the Catholic Church , the absolute -LRB- so-called -RRB- ruling kings , the nobles , the equestrians , and the outside threats such as muslim caliphs . The book was originally published in 1951 AD so it did not anticpate specifc technologies and the referce to nuclear power as `` atomics '' is a bit outdated . I would have hoped for nuclear fusion or the equivalent of such an epic transfornmation . Also , a bigger role for women characters other than the harpie wife of a foriegn aggressor in the book would have been nice . Maybe because I was reading Steig Larsson and some Star Wars novels recently I had gotten used to female protagonsts and antagonists . But FOUNDATION was written long ago and the audience for this genre was and may still be male dominated . There are sequels and prequels to for me to explore and for Asimov to redeem himself . JK . -LRB- Observe , I wrote one of those texting acronyms . -RRB- I just hope every character does not have sound like Isaac Asomov . -LRB- as much as love him -RRB- Out of a galaxy , I give it 878,124,550,100 stars . That is fairly good .
 Slow on the pick up as many of the early characters are not developed very well making it difficult to sink into . However , about midway through , things begin to get going and characters are finally given time enough to develop . After that point is really when the book becomes a classic and hard to put down ; even if it has aged . A classic by any accounts even with it 's few bumps .
 I liked this book . I do n't really have anything profound to say , I 'm only writing a review because for some reason Amazon is not giving me the option of rating the book without a review.Asimov seems to have an interesting twist on European history in this book , as the events that occur in it seem to parallel the fall of the Roman Empire , the successor Germanic kingdoms , and the rise of the merchant class in the Renaissance . Understanding the history of Western Civilization probably has given me a fun comparison to Asimov 's fictional Galactic history .
 I 'm not a fan of sci-fiction , but really enjoyed it . I agree with other reviews that environment was n't deeply described and there were n't any sophisticated characters , but this did n't disturbed me , because the storyline was fast-paced and interesting . I could n't put this book down before it was over .
 The scope of this series is astounding . It was n't written for the teenager or preteen like so many pathetic series are these days , but for the thinking person with a bit of imagination.Truly one of the greatest SF series ever written . And as such , never loses it 's appeal even when read decades apart .
 I was very happy to see and read the new edition.The Empire strikes back!A whole new world explodes before your eyes.Now , we understand this genius.Never too late to revisit his masterpieces!What a genius !!!!!!!!!!
 I came into this one never having read anything by Asimov , even though I had heard and saw his influence so heavily on science fiction . I picked up the first one I found and it happened to be this one , so why not give it a go?I was intrigued right from the beginning , drawn into the story easily . Asimov 's style of writing is fluid and engaging , easily allowing the reader to picture and understand everything . In addition the plot came together nicely and , in a simplistic complexity -LRB- oxymoron ? -RRB- , you were able to see the growth of the Foundation from a fledgling world to ... well I wo n't reveal anything , suffice it to say the natural progression that Asimov portrayed fit together very nicely.My only complaints with Asimov , though , was that it did come together to nice and neat , never really engaging the reader to the extent of wondering , thinking , feeling and diving into the story . Instead you are almost lead from A to B to C without any guessing and wondering , without any involvement , with everything almost being a foregone conclusion . Add to this his style of writing is a bit simplistic , in that there is n't anything too complex , which is n't altogether bad because he backs it up with a fluid and believable plot that is more than enough to add credence to the story . In fact we 've seen this in fantasy as well as David Eddings wrote simplistically but backed it up with a story that was enjoyable to read.I will definitely read Asimov again , especially the rest of the series , if only to what Asimov would do , being a pioneer of the genre . I would certainly recommend Asimov to anyone looking to start reading science fiction and/or a light , quick read . A recommend .3.75 stars .
 `` Foundation and Empire '' by Issac AsimovTwo hundred years have passed of the 300 Hari Seldon predicted it would take for the Empire to fall . All things have gone according to the Seldon plan and the Foundation is one of the most powerful states in the galaxy . This might change though because there are 2 more Seldon Crises on the horizon.This is another good addition to Foundation trilogy but as is typically the case not quite as good as the first . Foundation and Empire covers the next period of time for the foundation when the Foundation is finally brought back to the attention of what remains of the Empire . The Empire has heard of the power the Foundation now wields and views them as a threat and two different generations of Empire men seek to remedy that threat ... The Good
 Isaac Asimov 's `` Foundation '' was my favorite book in high school . I read the other 2 books afterwards , `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' right after , and by then Asimov finally finished what he started so long ago by writing new books to the Foundation saga , more Robot novels , and prequels . I am re-reading Foundation right now , only this time on my Kindle . It 's just as good now as it was 20 + years ago . Asimov 's novels remind me of Star Trek because the stories could probably fit in any time or place , including right now . My only issue is that Asimov is deceased for a number of years now . Other writers have tried to take on the challenge of continuing his stories but no one tells a story like Asimov !
 Over the years I have read a great many books from many , many authors and yet the `` Foundation '' series pops back into my head somewhat regularly . I often wonder why it has not been made into a series of movies . After all in my mind it would rival `` Star Wars '' or `` Lord of the Rings '' . Isaac Asimov was a gifted writer and I was fortunate to know his works while he still lived . Unfortunately I never got to meet the man . This series is some of the best stuff he ever wrote . It delves into humananity and how our unique abilities may sometimes stand out . In the case of `` Foundation '' it centers around one empire and it 's unusual ruler that expands their domain beyond any other into the far reaches of space . It looks closely at how a handful of people truly make a difference in the scheme of things and what becomes of that empire . Another great series , the `` Robot '' series was later linked to this series and although I enjoyed the link not everyone may enjoy it . Nonetheless you should read the `` Robot '' series as well if you get the chance . I will be very surprised if after you set the `` Foundation '' series aside , it does n't make you reflect on it the rest of your life . Excellent read from a master of SciFi .
 To me , the Foundation series is the greatest sci-fi series of all time . The earlier books are the best , as the latter books are n't as good . This is favorite of the earlier books.It 's broken into two halves . The first half is pretty good , but it 's really the second half , called The Mule , that 's incredible . It 's fantastic.It 's style is n't like modern sci-fi , which is usually dark and action-packed . If that 's what you 're looking for , you wo n't enjoy this series . This series is much more about imagining a universe with a certain set of rules and how those rules might play out over time . To enjoy it , you have to think and imagine along with Asimov . If that `` golden age '' style sci-fi suites your taste , you will love this book.Obviously you ca n't read this book in isolation . You really need to read the Foundation before it and Second Foundation after it . The three togother make the best triology I 've ever read . After those three , you can continue , but the quality of the books trails off from there.If you 're a `` golden age '' sci-fi fan and somehow have n't already read the Foundation series , get the first three Foundation books . You 'll really enjoy them , especially The Mule .
 You can not help but be amazed while reading this book . A story than can hold 60 years and still feel like a believable future is simply astounding.This is the base and start point for many later science fiction stories , including Star Wars.Asimov was simply a genius . If you like science fiction or any book that is based on solid ideas , this one is an absolute must read.I waited like two minutes after I finished reading to get on-line and buy books two and three .
 If for whatever reason you were disappointed in Foundation , do n't miss this book , it 's so much better , more interesting , adventurous , and enteraining that you would really be missing out . This edition has battles , intrigue , humor , heroines , and just a real fun adventure .
 While the book does offer a promising premise , the necessary jumps from one point in time to another do not make for a pleasant read . The very first time I attempted to read the book , I was unable to get much further than the first part -LRB- The Psycho - Historians -RRB- . As soon as you begin to get used the characters , a shift takes place . Unfortunately , this happens again and again . When you read Foundation , it becomes neccesary to think of each of the five parts as a short story.While the story was displayed in the best way I could imagine , the classic simply did not live up to my expectations . The emphasis is on the plot , and very little is put into the characters . While the book has it 's flaws , I find it simply amazing when the date it was published is taken into consideration . Put simply , it 's like the majority of ` classics ' out there ; while they were astounding in their own time , they simply ca n't stand up to the best of modern modern literature out there .
 I first read this book when I was young , perhaps in my early 20 's . I remember it as astounding , but recall little of it 's content . In my early 30 's , I went through and reread the entire trilogy straight through , which by then was a total of seven books . I believe Isaac is a true genius beyond most any man of our age . His insight into politics , religion , society , hope , hatred , love , friendship is beyond most anything I have known . And how he was able to incorporate these things into a series of books about the future of humanity nearly overwhelms me when I consider it . Most of what happens in the world , especially in the world of technology , has been shown in his books . It seems as if he must have has a direct link to the future .
 Fifteen years ago , this book was the zenith of SF to me . Today , I know there are many better books . But you should read it anyway , it 's a classic . You ca n't be taken seriously in any SF discussion if you are n't familiar with the great Foundation.Isaac Asimov is , of course , a very skilled writer . Most SF writers allow themselves embarrassing blunders that make their universes physically absurd . In this book , you 're not likely to find anything like that . To really appreciate Mr. Asimov 's genius , you should read other SF novels written in the same time . Nearly all of them look ridiculous in the year 2000 . Mr. Asimov 's books do n't . If you would n't know , you could n't tell that the book was written half a century ago .
 After the Seldon Plan was followed , without its followers actually understanding what was going on , the Empire , although falling , is still the mightiest force in the Galaxy and the only challenge to the Foundation . For them to overcome , the Seldon Plan must be taken into account ...
 Foundation . This is , by far , the greatest book I have ever read on science fiction . A masterpiece ... Isaac Asimov is the master writer . As for the book 's plot itself , Hari Seldon 's psychohistory plan , which can predict the future of humanity , is being used as the Galactic Empire falls . The Seldon Plan , if followed , predicts that the 30,000 years of barbarism with no Empire can be reduced to 1,000 , but the Plan takes utmost wisdom to keep on track , long after Seldon is dead .
 Despite all the hype and negativity due to popularity backlash none can honestly admit that Asimov made a mundane focus for his writing passions when he wrote and then published the stories that comprise ` Foundation ' . Since I read this epic book in eighth grade it has stuck with me due to the relation of structural decay and rebirth in a future universe that mirrors our own rather perochial existance . The serendipity and foresight combining thought and action to build a better future for mankind in the Milky Way galaxy will leave the experienced , educated readers feeling they have witnessed the true future of our reality . This is a truely brilliant effort of science fiction as are many of Asimov 's early works . Shame on the nay sayers .
 A trilogy consists of three books so , even although `` Foundation '' -LRB- one of the true classics -RRB- is good enough to be a trilogy by itself , formally `` Foundation '' needed two more volumes to make up a trilogy . In these two volumes the level does not fall off too badly , although `` the Mule '' is rather weak.Unfortunately Asimov , one of the truly greats of SF , later succumbed to undue pressure and combined his Robot-series -LRB- already in itself continued too long -RRB- with the Foundation , with outright embarrassing results . The original three books were quite enough , thank you !
 So adictive that you finish it in 3 days , maximum . But the better is ... You keep reading the 2nd and third books of the original foundation trilogy . All of them amazingly perfect . The first book tell about the stablishment of the Foundation and it 's romantic era , with the first Great mayors Salvor Hardin and Hobber mallow . a must have .
 This book gives sequence to FOUNDATION , thefirst book of the trilogy . Tells about the dying and doomed old Empire , still strong at the center of the galaxy starting to pay attention to the growth of Terminus -LRB- the Foundation -RRB- , and here we see the battle bettwen both , the Empire being led by its last strong General -LRB- Bel Riose -RRB- under the Last strong Emperor . Riose 's part is one of the Climax of the Trilogy . It also brings a mind controler and power seeker caracter called `` The Mule '' , which is also very interesting .
 Asimov is truly a master of science fiction -LRB- among other subjects -RRB- , and the Foundation series is one of the most incredible stories ever told . Never mind that this book was written many decades ago - It is absolutely timeless and you will not regret reading it .
 I feel that this is Asimov 's best book . He is not known to let you get too close to any of his characters to feel for them in any sense of the way , EXCEPT the Mule . Out of all the Asimov books , I feel that this one is closest to being ready to become a movie -LRB- I am not sure why I , Robot and Bicentennial Man were before this one -RRB- . If you have not read this one , you are in for a treat . If you have read this one , then you know it should be added to your collection .
 Foundation is the first book of the outstanding Foundation Trilogy . Asimov builds drama with believable characters struggling against bureaucracies and political manipulations on a grand scale . As a central government weakens , planets often show less respect for the core authorities and go there own way , sometimes forming their own alliances . Hari Seldon , master of Psychohistory , uses Psychohistory to make predictions far into the future . Hari Seldon does more than predict outcomes -- he has a plan . Seldon does not expect to alter the eventual course of huge historical events , but constructs a strategy to minimize the length of time of the darkest days for the Galactic Empire.The emphasis of the book , and what makes the book a true science fiction classic , is the imagination that takes the reader through mind whirring possibilities for the future .
 The great thing about Foundation is it 's scope . It 's a bit unsettling at times that you do n't really get to know a character considerably well as the parts of the book break down over the span of several generations , but reading everything unfold and the implications that the events have in the long term is really fascinating.Asimov 's writing is a mixed bag . It 's imaginative and has a great vision . But at times the people seem too ... squeaky-clean to be people . Every character seems unrealistically eloquent and proper and the dialogue does n't fall too far from what I 'd imagine Asmiov may say himself . There are few differences between the characters in regards to linguistic tendancies . Also , and I know the book was first published in the early 50 's , but there are hardly any women even mentioned in Foundation and they certainly do n't play significant or visible roles.It 's still quite imaginative and quite good , in spite of these flaws . I understand Asimov was my age -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he began writing Foundation , so taking that in consideration it seems like an even more awesome literary feat .
 `` Foundation and Empire , '' the second in a trilogy of classic science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov , is a must read for historians of science fiction . For those who like science fiction itself , this volume is also valuable . Asimov can madden , especially in his early novels , but his imagination is wonderful . His strength is conceptualizing systems -LRB- whether empires or cultures -RRB- and he often plays with big ideas.I first read the trilogy while in college , and was fascinated . This triggered a long-lasting interest in the fiction of Isaac Asimov -LRB- and some of his non-fiction works , as well -RRB- . Those familiar with this trilogy know that the key character is psychohistorian Hari Seldon , who believes that one can predict the behavior of large masses of people via mathematical equations and , thus , predict how events will develop in the future.This book is a bridge between the novel `` Foundation '' and the third in the series , `` Second Foundation . '' And , of course , later in his career , Asimov returned to the Foundation well -- with more interesting and literary results . Indeed , in one of the great tour de forces in science fiction , he ends up linking two classic series -- the robot works and the Foundation series . But I 'm getting way ahead of myself.This novel focuses on two instances -- one , the rise of a youthful and talented military leader who goes after the Foundation . And , just as Hari Seldon 's mathematical equations predicted , he failed . The logic for this is classic Asimov , and is why he was so entertaining to read , even though his characters have little life in these works and even though his writing style is , at best , functional in these works -LRB- he improved with time -RRB- . Then , there is the case of the Mule , where Seldon 's equations failed in prediction . And that itself is fascinating , as explained in this novel . Thus , the comparison of the correct prediction and the failed prediction add some real heft to Asimov 's tale of the rise of the Foundation as the Empire slowly descends to its end.For those who have never read Asimov , the Foundation trilogy is a good place to get a sense of his talents , of seeing big pictures . His writing style is not great , but the images of this future that he developed are compelling . I still enjoy going back to the Foundation series , the Robot series , and their fusion as Asimov 's vision evolved .
 Any fan of science fiction needs to read this series . For lack of a better work , this is one of the foundations of the genre . Asimov is one of -LRB- if not the -RRB- best authors of SF and this is one of his best works . A classic .
 Definitely a must-read . The story gets better and better with each book . the ending is surprising : - -RRB-
 The start of Asimov 's highly influential groundbreaking future history series . The invention of the science of psychohistory captivated me the first time I read it . Basically , all those with an interest in SF should check this out.Asimov 's intro gives some history of the evolution of this series with his editor , Campbell , as well as some entertaining silliness by the publisher Doubleday . He tells how they would n't publish him at one time , and later on they are at his door , cap in hand asking for a new book.Foundation
 The second book in the foundation trilogy is again a story combination , but this two two novella length works.Foundation and Empire
 This is a classic series of galaxy rebuilding . These books combine stories that jump hundreds of years to become a history of the Foundation . This is a new and different way to look at science fiction writing that has created many copycats . As the series comes to a close the location of the actual Foundation is moved from planet to planet so many times that the reader is ready for the unexpected twist . Science fiction writing is all about the concept and the Foundation series has a concept that can produce books for years to come .
 Isaac Asimov 's `` Foundation '' was not conceived as the beginning of series of novels . It was not conceived as a novel . It was not even conceived entirely by Isaac Asimov.Beginning in the late 1930s and for decades thereafter , the editor of the most prestigious and far more important , the best-paying monthly publication in science fiction was John W. Campbell of Astounding Science Fiction -LRB- now known as Analog . -RRB- Before taking over the editorship of the magazine , Campbell had been a popular hack writer of unabashed , wild-eyed space opera . A typical Campbell plot involved a couple of young American go-getters who whomp up a superduper space cruiser in their garage , set out on a test flight around Saturn , find themselves hurled into another dimension by a short circuit , and stumble on a planet inhabited by humans who are at war with some interplanetary Nasties who display unusually bad table manners . They forge an alliance with the good humans against the bad Nasties which , a few hundred pages later , inevitably leads to the utter annihilation of the world of the Nasties , not to mention the Nasties themselves and every vestige of their million year-old civilization and culture . By the literary standards of pulp magazine science fiction in 1936 , this was pretty sophisticated stuff.When Campbell took over the reins of the magazine in 1938 , he raised his sights . In short order he dumped the old stable of writers whose collective knowledge of science could have been stuffed into a peanut shell with room to spare and began cultivating new ones . A. E. van Vogt specialized in social science mumbo-jumbo that actually sounded like it meant something . L. Sprague deCamp had a sense of humor . Robert Heinlein possessed a literary spark that might be carefully fanned into a flame . And Isaac Asimov was a college kid from Brooklyn who wrote stories to stretch out the limited income generated by his father 's candy store.All these and many others were overawed by the wondrous fact that the godlike JWC deigned to accept their humble stories -- after he mercilessly picked apart their flaws and demanded re-writes , pronto!Those were the heroic days of magazine publishing . Editors in general and Campbell in particular did not wait for undisciplined and slothful writers to hatch ideas . No , JWC would call in his disciples and hand out plot lines and devices to be made into short stories , novelets and serialized novels . To van Vogt he tossed the idea of a totalitarian society whose tyranny was leavened by weapons shops that sold guns which could only be used in self defense . From deCamp , citing Mark Twain 's `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , '' he demanded to know what would happen if a contemporary American were hurled back from Mussolini 's Italy to post-imperial Rome . Of Heinlein he demanded a series of stories that would collectively outline the history of the next few hundred years . For Asimov he reserved a far larger patch of history . What , he queried , would happen when a galaxy-spanning empire finally decayed and began to fall?Asimov pondered . Then , in his own words , `` With a little bit of cribbin ' / From the works of Edward Gibbon / And that Greek Thucydides , '' Asimov took the Roman Empire of the Fifth Century and cast it into the stars as the expiring Empire of Trantor . From Eighteenth Century France he took the Encyclopedists and renamed them the Foundation . Finally he spiced up his literary gumbo with blather about `` psychohistory , '' a mathematically-based fortune telling system which yielded valid results when the human population achieved the vast numbers only attainable in a galaxy-spanning civilization.Campbell bought the first story . The fans -- at the time , a demographic aged 12-25 and virtually all-male -- loved it . Campbell ordered more stories . The Trantorian Empire fell , but slowly and reluctantly . The fans loved it . The Empire blazed up under the last great imperial general , Bel Riose . -LRB- Gibbon 's Belisarius , get it ? -RRB- The fans loved it . A Napoleon-like conqueror appeared to muddy up the predictions of the psychohistorians . The fans loved it . Darkness and barbarism followed the collapse of civilization across the Milky Way . And the fans loved it . On and on it went , to book , to trilogy , beyond -- even to new books written by other hands long after the passing of Campbell and Asimov.The fans still love it .
 Foundation is not a novel , but a series of stories which had been published separately . The entire trilogy was written in nine stories which were completed in the period between 1941 and 1951 . Asimov notes himself in the foreword that part of what he intended with the fourth book _ Foundation 's Edge _ was to have a chance to write an actual Foundation novel.I actually like the effect that the story-based approach gives , particularly considering that Foundation is meant to be covering the fall of galactic empire and the rise of a new power . Having chapters based on discrete periods , I think the reader gets a better sense of the sheer time involved in politics than any 9000 - page space opera could ever achieve.One of the things I like about Foundation and its subsequent other parts is that it is n't an action-packed adventure . There is n't high romance . It is n't really about individual heartache and success , although the role of the individual is important . It 's a meditative look at both politics and the future , and a darned sharp one at that.An excellent read , even worth the time for people who do n't think that they like science fiction .
 Personally , I do n't like `` classic '' sci-fi . It can be preachy , dated , dry , corny or just not as `` mature '' as modern science fiction . However , Asimov gives just enough characterization , not too much science and the right amount of action adventure and conceptual gems to keep your mind racing . He truly is the grand daddy of science fiction.Quirky lines like `` Galaxy knows ! '' or `` By Seldon ! '' evoke nostalgia for the time of space rangers and laser guns . So what if nuclear power is a thing of the past ? Asimov does n't beat you down with tecnobabble . You just know that thats the prime power source in his idea of the future . Remember , this was written in 1941 . Furthermore , the writing style and dialogue do n't seem dated at all . Asimov 's writing is simple , clean , and does n't get bogged down with excess ramblings . His true talent is in plotting unexpected twists and turns that make this book a pageturner.Hari Seldon created psychohistory . It is mathematics applied to the development of human society on a grand scale . Seldon 's new science predicts the path of human civilization with no regard to individual actions . Religion has given us fate vs. free will . Asimov poses a perhaps even more frustrating question , what if science tells us that one man 's will can not change the path of history?You 're not going to get soliquoys droning on and on about a lost love or a crumbled courage ; But what you do get is a brilliant collection of short stories Asimov wrote separately that later were compiled as one novel.The four -LRB- ? -RRB- stories are brief yet cohesive glimpses into the developing stages of the Foundation 's rise amidst the decay of the Imperial Empire . Each character driven event propels the Foundation through its first stages of development
 The Foundation trilogy is really a rebinding of stories published serially in Astounding Magazine , so each part really stands on its own , making only passing references to previous stories and explaining anything necessary to the current plot.Asimov 's writing is rather dialog-heavy , and evolves slowly enough that I could n't get past the first book when I read it the first time -LRB- in high school -RRB- . Coming back to it years later , I 've really enjoyed these three volumes , and am looking forward to reading the extension novels by Greg Bear and David Brin , two of my favorite authors -LRB- and the reason I picked up Foundation again -RRB- . It 's not as slow as Lord of the Rings -LRB- also worthwhile for those with patience -RRB- . The story is very interesting , and lets you into the psyche of the characters only through their words and actions , so your understanding of them builds slowly through your reading.I definitely recommend Foundation . I also read Bujold 's `` Warrior 's Apprentice '' recently , which I find to be similar in style , and I recommend that as well .
 This is the second volume published of Asimov 's classic Foundation series -LRB- originally published as two novellas in 1945 -RRB- . Part I is titled `` The General . '' A military leader in the Old Empire sees the Foundation as a threat -LRB- about forty years after the end of the events described in `` Foundation '' -RRB- . He gets permission from the emperor to wage a campaign . The Foundation must find a way to stop him . Fortunately , the mathematics of Hari Seldon has already considered a course of action . In Part II , called `` The Mule , '' a mutant with unparalleled power -LRB- power never considered in Hari Seldon 's psychohistory ; he can control the emotions and commitments of others -RRB- fights and defeats the Foundation about 300 years after the start of the novel `` Foundation . '' But , now the Mule has to go in search of the Second Foundation which is made up of psychologists and psychohistorians -LRB- the First Foundation had been set up primarily with physical scientists -RRB- . When `` The Mule '' appeared in magazine format in 1945 , it wowed the readership . With these stories , the series really began developing a following . I am in my 50s and have read the books a couple of times . But , my father has read them ten times !
 Asimov 's classic series has a quaint , nave simplicity about it that never fails to entrance this reader . For all its episodic construction -LRB- unavoidable , considering the unparalleled scope -RRB- and its rather flat , exclusively male characters , the Foundation Trilogy takes readers back to a time when America was making the world safe for democracy , personal freedoms were a given , and science seemed to be the salvation of a fallible humanity.The first volume , Foundation , sets up the whole idea of the Seldon Plan , a mathematically based view of sociopolitical forces that enables one brilliant scientist to mold a new galactic empire from a foundation of one hundred thousand scientists and their families . After the introduction , whose final paragraphs subtly lay out the whole structure without our knowing it , we get to see the Plan in action as the Foundation faces a series of political and military crises . Because the scientist/hero is long dead before the second chapter , the heroes are the political and economic , rather than scientific , leaders who must resist the temptation to take direct military action , and instead allow events to proceed until Seldon 's Plan points out the answer . The magic of this book is the exquisite means the Foundation uses to defeat its enemies without resorting to force , and the convincing arguments Asimov uses to make these solutions seem inevitable . As such , each chapter is like a sociopolitical puzzle that challenges the reader to find the move that will defuse each situation , and taken together these stories comprise a virtual primer in diplomacy.Countless millions of fans have enjoyed Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy , consisting of Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation . Other Foundation novels , written by the master in his later years , lack the simple charm that makes these earlier works so popular . They were tacked on solely because the power of those first three created a demand that Asimov felt obligated to try to fill , but they have an entirely different feel , and do n't possess that single-minded surety of artistic vision that marked the original series.This book is about political maneuvering , not action , so it may not be a favorite of action/adventure fans , although the next book in the series , Foundation and Empire , is a little more dynamic , and reading the complete Trilogy is a must , since the first two volumes do n't so much end as just leave off . Still , the vast historical vision begun in this book is so sweeping , it should not be missed by any fans of speculative fiction .
 Many consider Foundation a Sci-Fi classic , while others concider it a poorly written , boring piece of something I really should n't mention by name.I personally fall within the first category , I liked this book a lot . But although I myself loved this novel and its sequels , I do can imagine why other people simply hated it.Those who do n't like it usally refer to the fact that there is virtually no character development , no action of any kind whatsoever , and that the technology used seems outright `` retro '' -LRB- nuclear trashcans and the like -RRB- . All of this critism is undoutably true . Since this book is actually a collection of a series of short stories , and all of those are about different eras in the history of the Foundation , Asimov has to replace most of his characters every 50 to 100 pages which leaves room nor reason for descent characters.And since the story focusses promary on events in the future `` history '' of mankind and the reasons they take place , most of what happens is people talking to other people , with only small references to battles , wars , and sofort.Finally , lest not forget that these stories were written when the last century was only halfway over . Nuclear trashcans , atomic guns , and typwriter-isch computers were perfectly plausable back then.The point I am trying to make with this review is that this book is about a subject that simply is n't everybody 's cup of tea . Foundation is nowhere near as accessible as Sci-Fi series such as Star Wars , Star Trek , or Babylon 5 -LRB- all good series in their own right -RRB- . Or even like the more famous classic Sci-Fi novels such as `` 2001
 Foundation is a landmark in science fiction , and epitomizes the best of what Isaac Asimov stood for . This book proves that you do n't have to have a lot of sex and mindless violence -LRB- '' - the last refuge of the incompetent '' -RRB- to make a book suspenseful and a page-turner . The book is entirely without action and romance in the normal sense , and consists almost entirely of dialogue . What makes it so interesting is the ideas -LRB- and reversals of ideas -RRB- that it presents , in all their aspects , subsequently debates , and solves . It has an aura of almost detective story fascination with regards to political ideas . What is interesting is that the book takes a pacifistic approach to politics , and thereby forces itself to present a plausible solution to occurring problems -LRB- say , rebellion , anarchy , and war -RRB- without degrading into violence . Each self-contained story -LRB- the book is not a novel , but a collection of stories that were originally published stand-alone -RRB- is therefore a sort of logic puzzle -LRB- much the same , in principle , as Isaac 's Robot stories -RRB- that you must delve into and accede all its ramifications , and come out with an answer that will work , without using violence . It 's a credit to Asimov that he could not only achieve this , but make it interesting , and , indeed , arresting . This is an essential science fiction read , and perhaps Asimov 's apex .
 I had read a great deal of Arthur C. Clarke , Peter F. Hamilton and H.G. Wells before finally coming upon Issac Asimov.I really had n't heard of him until a friend of mine recommended him to me . I was looking for a new author to read after coming off 4,000 + pages of Peter F. Hamilton , and decided to try something different.In the beginning , I was a little worried that since the books were written in the early 50s that they would be technologically dated and not have the technological appeal that newer scifi books had.I was TOTALLY wrong . The concepts that Asimov illustrates in his writting are still used today , and were probably their original origin.Asimov 's writing style does take a little getting used to , however , but in the end , I appreicated it more than hated it . It 's so different that it seems to give the characters an entirely different feel . With long , descriptive , deep dialoge and a very schemish design , you do n't really fully understand the ENTIRE story until the end , when it finally clicks in one of the character 's heads what is really going on , after meeting the supposed opponent and hearing his side of things.I think , in the end , the best part is how you can really see the evolution of the Foundation right before your eyes , and see how things happen and how some little thing that happened a hundred years ago set off some other thing that was HUGE in the present in the story.If you do not read Asimov 's Foundation series , you can not call yourself a scifi buff , remember that , always . Now GO and read !
 I first read this book maybe 20 years ago , when I was more accustomed to ` action ' sci-fi replete with ray guns and space ships and trying to guess how such technology shaped society -LRB- a la Larry Niven , to name one -RRB- . This book is more like an historical novel , or a future history , like reading Gibbons or Kennedy . What is particularly astounding about this work , which he first published in 1951 at age 31 , is Asimov 's ability to scale - from the drama of a handful of individuals to the seminal events of the last decades of the ancient , galaxy-wide empire -LRB- which does not even remember its Earthly origin ! -RRB- . Unlike Heinlein 's _ Citizen of the Galaxy _ or _ Friday _ -LRB- or many others -RRB- we do not follow the story of a single person or family in the backdrop of a civilization , but rather , the original Foundation trilogy makes both the individuals as well as the whole history of the galactic empire come alive in an extremely concise work . Here , the context is just as important as the characters , a scaling rarely seen elsewhere . This is the book 's greatest strength - which becomes one of its weaknesses
 This book is the best scifi , besides Dune . The book is so witty and so indepth . The story is great the writting is great , i strongly recamend this book .
 The original Foundation trilogy won the Hugo for the best series of all time . It deserved it . For those who like `` hard '' -LRB- science-driven -RRB- sci-fi as opposed to emotion-driven sci-fi , this is a must . Actually , the premise is not as outrageous as it first appears ... We can all vaguely predict the general reaction of the human race to a certain idea , which means it does follow some rules . It would be difficult , but not impossible , to find some generalised maths to describe it , but the rewards would certainly justify it .
 This review is intended for the entire Foundation trilogy and as such this series of books even though written in pieces in Science Fiction magazines is woven together in an astonishingly complex web of ideas and mystery . This series stands as the epitome of the science fiction classic , what science fiction should be about and how it should be written . As a classic it is only superseded by `` Dune '' and only a few others come close eg `` Ender 's Game '' -LRB- Orson Scott Card -RRB- series and the `` Galactic Milieu '' series -LRB- Julian May -RRB- . The whole series is epic and yet does not loose sight of the characters or the story which is all important in science fiction , without it the wizz-bang effect takes hold and the whole thing collapses , eg Terminator could not have been held together without the excellent storyline . Other examples of great science fiction stories include `` Blade Runner '' and `` Alien '' both of which had great stories without a reliance on effects which some films have done eg the extra added graphics to the original Star Wars and too much graphics in Episode 1 . These stories also provide a fascinating tale of science yet to come such as psychohistory which totally fascinated me when I read about it and some other physicists I have known . The possibilities are incredible a science of probabilistic mathematics used to predict the future given historical events . In addition we are of course confronted with the politics and the usual human weaknesses including greed , corruption and the like , much akin to the degenerate aspects of the Roman Empire . The new mathematics of psychohistory developed by Hari Seldon working on Trantor and trying to set up the two Foundations to at least control the eventual collapse and fall of humanity into a dark age and the Mule the one person not predicted by the original theory who is the defeated through remarkable twists and turns in the story which is full of intrigue and mystery , simply unputdownable . I have read the books many times and will do so again although psychohistorical mathematics is beyond current attainability I believe , but then maybe not.Other books are judged next to this .
 I 've seen a few bad reviews of Isaac Asimov 's Foundation and it grieves me , really grieves me . When Isaac Asimov first came up with the idea for his Foundation series it was planned that he would write the future history of our galaxy . It could be said that it was an experiment in a method of writing fiction.If Asimov 's characterizations or scenery descriptions seem bland or garish to some readers , that 's because Asimov 's focus was on the story . Despite Foundation 's original ad hoc nature , I have read no other series which has so intricately weaven the elements of the plot so finely together . Alone , the novel Foundation may seem mundane , and it may not be your best bet if you 're seeking instant gratification . But together - together with the other two books in the trilogy , together with the two later written sequels , together with the later two written prequels , together with his other bodies of work which have been woven into an expansive interplay of stories and plot , together with three `` pre `` prequels written posthumously by outside authors , I know no greater complicated work that brings with it such depth and expansiveness.In short , Foundation , serves as a sounding board for a series of future historical accounts . And Asimov never fails to deliver suspense , drama , and surprise throughout them.But that 's just my biased opinion ; -RRB-
 So , you 're thinking about delving into Science Fiction and you just do n't know where to start.Start with Asimov 's _ Foundation _ . Simply put , this is where science fiction starts . You will be introduced to the concept of a vast , complex history of a civilization which is certainly not Planet Earth ... and , get this , it was written several decades before we sent anyone to the moon.And there 's more ... Foundation leads to an entire trilogy which leads to another trilogy which , get this , actually leads you back to Planet Earth.Five stars . Possibly more .
 I would recommend this series to anyone . Asimov is a great writer , who 's very prolific -LRB- He 's written over 400 books ! -RRB- This is the start of his Foundation series which is a well-developed series detailing the fall of a Galactic Empire and one man 's attempt to shorten the dark ages that are to come after the fall . For those of you who like hard sci-fi this is the series for you .
 i loved this book and how the 2 great cultures of new and old me
 The foundation series isthe second best sci-fi series ever -LRB- clarke 's rama series is the first -RRB- This is an awsome book .
 F&E shows in marvelous guise the slowly growing power of Terminus , the inevitable clash with the still powerful remnants of the Galactic Empire , and the downright weird occurrances that follow the conquests of the Mule , a Telepath who can shape other people 's minds to suit his permanantly , and who aspires to dominance . Great stuff .
 Ultimately , the hardest decision about the Foundation books is to decide how to read them . Maybe I 'm being ridiculous , but I think you will enjoy them more if you read them in the order they were written . If so , this is the second book . If you have not yet read Foundation , then you need to go back and do so before tackling this one.Your other choice is to read the prequels first , then go onto Foundation . In that case , this is the fourth book you should read.Whichever choice you make , do n't read this book first.On the surface , Foundation and Empire will seem like an uninspired playing out of Hari Seldon 's vision for the future . Ah ! But there 's much more happening , so pay attention . When you get to the end of the book , you may find you have missed the mainstream and will have to go back . Do n't worry , almost everyone has that reaction.Asimov is a brilliant conceptual writer , but not someone who slaved over every word -LRB- in fact , he was famous for writing most of his many books in only 1 or 2 drafts , with little editing after that -RRB- . This book begins to develop the full Foundation concept in all of its stunning beauty.In many ways , you will be reading this book from the eyes of the first Foundation . But that 's the unimportant one . The real action is with the second Foundation . Be sure to keep that in mind.When you meet the Mule , do n't think of him as an aberration but rather as an extension of today 's potential . That will make the book more interesting for you.Many people find this book to be the least interesting one of the Foundation series . Let me warn you that reading this one will greatly increase your pleasure in the following books beginning with the Second Foundation -LRB- which is your next pleasant reading assignment -RRB- . Enjoy this irresistible series !
 I found the politics of this novel interesting enough to disregard the dated scientific references . Seldon and his science was fascinating to behold , and the plot was masterful . What concerned me was -LRB- dare I say it ? -RRB- the fairly amateurish use of dialogue tags and the fact that each character seemed pretty much to speak with the same voice . Asimov wrote this as one of those authors who are at pains not to repeat ` he said ' . So it must be a new tag each time , no matter how ridiculous , often paired with an adverb that makes you cringe
 `` Foundation and Empire , '' the second novel in Isaac Asimov 's landmark science fiction series , is a definite improvement on the first novel . The first novel was hardly a novel at all , but rather a loose and uneven collection of short stories . `` Foundation and Empire '' is actually two novellas , and more care has obviously been taken with writing style , pacing , and character development.The second story , `` The Mule , '' is perhaps the best of the entire Foundation series . The characters are enjoyably real and likable , and there are two masterful surprises at the end.The entire Foundation series is essential reading for any science fiction fan .
 You can read the publisher 's summary for yourself , but let me just add that this is THE classic SF trilogy . Book one , `` Foundation , '' creates the future world , its declining culture , and how a group of strong-minded individuals do n't want to see knowledge die . How they do that drives this novel . In book two , Asimov introduces the mystery of the mule , and in book three Asimov pulls a rabbit out the hat called the Second Foundation.If you enjoy books that entertain , books that offer good mysteries , and books that make you think about bigger things in life , than this series is for you . It 's too bad our political leaders do n't read novels like this . Maybe we 'd avoid the continual messes they get countries in .
 I have not readf the Foundation series in years . However , the other day I was thinking about how much fun the trilogy had been . One has to remember that most of the scifi you read today has at least some of its roots based in Asimov 's work , Asimov was not the best writer , nor was he the most creative . What he did accomplish was selling you another time and world that you could believe in . So , taking it for what it is , not a great piece of literature but a really enjoyable trip , i need to give the trilogy 5 stars .
 I always prefer to think of the foundation Trilogy as one book.They are meant to be read one after another and are also written that way.While the first part -LRB- Foundation -RRB- gives us the historical perspective and a sketch of characters who influence the events , this book is where it gets better in a serious way !! There is not much of a point in discussing the plot-lots of other people have commented on that.But i 'll tell you this - the 2nd part of this book - which talks about the Mule and his rise to power is THE best part of the ENTIRE FOUNDATION series -LRB- Yes all the 7 books !! -RRB- . IT ends with the most famous twist on paper it will make your mind reel !! It sets up the things nicely for the Second foundation - the 3 book in the series.I have read almost everything that Asimov 's written.The foundation series and the End of Eternity are my favourites.The difference between Asimov and the other Science Fiction writers is that he makes the Science Fiction believable.Asimov is also a very good mystery writer -LRB- no kidding !! - he 's right up there with the authors who write mystery alone -RRB- . It 's easy to write a Sci Fi book with an amazing amount of Science and imagination - but how well you can bind it to a story and make it real , that is the deal.Apart from the idea the story has to be told well . This is where the good doctor excelled.Trust me if you have not read the Foundation Series you are missing something which in indelibly written in the records as the one of the best books on paper.Asimov 's written it so that you are sufficiently intrested for more at the end of the book one , by the time you finish the second book you are thinking this is great stuff - desperate for more you go the 3rd book . By the time you are through you think this is soooo cool - it might be the best thing you ever read.Do yourself a favour go read the Foundation and Empire , follow that up with the Second Foundation.You 'll be glad you did when you return to it over the years !!
 Welcome to the second book in the Foundation trilogy -LRB- although Asimov did write further books , it was a trilogy originally -RRB- . The book picks up where Foundation left off - the Foundation has established itself as a formidable force in the Periphery of the Galaxy . Of course , everyone is too well aware that gaining control of the local warlords is small potatoes compared to what 's to come . In Foundation and Empire , the inevitable comes.As the previous novel , Asimov has divided this into books , however here there are only two . As a result , he gets to explore the characters at more length then in Foundation . But again , expect wonder , amazement and enjoyment at the themes , issues and grandeur of this book , not the characterisation and `` literary '' qualities.In the first book , the conflict between the Foundation and what 's left of the Empire develops . This however is a much bigger game - in the past , the warlords barely out-war-powered the Foundation , while here the Empire dwarfs it even in its twilight . As always , something must be done other than a brute force tactic . Furthermore , the `` heroes '' of the Foundation are no more , in the conflict there are no Mallows or Hardins to guide the political intrigue , so it is here that Seldon 's plan is put to the ultimate test.In the second book -LRB- not to give away too much -RRB- , a new threat to the Plan arises . A man known only as the Mule comes to light . And for the first time , an individual drastically changes the course of history . Indeed , he consists of the biggest threat to the plan thus far . What 's so special about him ? . . Personally , I found this book the most enjoyable in the whole trilogy - it reminds me of the little cryptic `` detective '' plotting from other Asimov works I read , such as I Robot and Steel Caves . However , here , it 's an almost perfect melodrama played out -LRB- and unlike many detective elements in novels includingthose of Asimov - this one does n't seem contrived or make you feel at all `` cheated '' -RRB- , as we follow some Foundationers in their quest to find out what the Mule is and how to deal with him.This is a great continuation of the saga and will also bring out many interesting questions - like whether an individual can change the course of history . It will also shake up your conception of the Seldon plan - overall , a great book .
 I just finished Foundation and Empire and so far it is my favorite in the series ... Foundation presented us a struggling organization of scientists on the Planet Terminus who must deal with the newly formed barbarian kingdoms that arise from the retreating Empire . Important figures within the Foundation use religion , trade and technology to dominate over adversarial planets ... In Foundation and Empire , we are given a new perspective on the Foundation . Before , we were lead to believe that the Foundation must survive and that no one could hinder its progess ; that Hari Seldon 's predictions of the Foundation were infallible ; that the 1,000 year plan was set in stone and that a new Galactic Empire will arrise in such time thanks to Hari Seldon . However , these beliefs are put into question when an individual calling himself ` The Mule ' threatens to destroy Hari Seldon 's 300 year old project . He is a mutant of considerable mental powers who can seemingly convert anyone into his cause , even the greatest opponent . Thus , we are asked , `` Does Hari Seldon 's precious Psychohistory take random genetic mutation into account ? If not , then is it possible for the Mule to destroy the Foundation ? '' ... I loved the ending to Foundation and Empire . Like Empire Stikes Back , it leaves you hanging , desperately wanting to find out what happens to the main characters -LRB- and the galaxy -RRB- after the book ends ... I 've always loved enigmatic characters in books . The Mule fits this catagory , which , in my mind , makes him even more sinister and evil . We never see him or hear him speak -LRB- for all those who have read the book , do n't say anything -RRB- , and yet we experience his destructive force . It reminds me of Sauron of The Lord of the Rings . At the end , however , we are given a profound revelation of the Mule that adds a new dimension to his character ... All in all , it was the dispair and depression in the book that captured me . There was little hope and yet the human spirit was still evident . I applaud Asimov for creating a believable story in which death , destruction and dispair overshadow an entire galaxy but hope and determination remain . This theme , I think , is present throughout the series and , in my opinion , is the most important human quality that makes us who we are . The foundation is ultimately an exploration of this theme . Clearly , Hope is the most formiddble force that human history and , according to Asimov , the galaxy has ever seen .
 The second book of the original trilogy , this book is an amazing follow on to `` Foundation '' . The seven books of the Foundation series together form what I consider to be the most complete and astonishing blend of deep reality with science fiction . The septet , for the uninitiated , include -LRB- in the order I believe they should be read in -RRB-
 I give all 14 books 5 stars!For those of you who would like to read the Foundation story in it 's entirety , from beginning to end , chronologically , then I suggest following this course . There are 14 books in the series ! In the end , it was R. Daneel Olivaw who designed and created the Trantorian empire in the first place , and so the robot novels -- which introduce the cradle world of Earth before the dawn of the empire -- come before the Foundation Trilogy : The Caves of Steel , The Naked Sun , The Robots of Dawn , Robots and Empire , Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph , Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation , Foundation 's Edge , Foundation and EarthNow some of you might not recommend that one read the Second Trilogy before the first . True , but they come chronologically BEFORE the first Foundation Trilogy ! I do recommend that you at least read Foundation 's Edge and Foundation and Earth AFTER you have read the second trilogy -LRB- Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph -RRB- because the subjects in the last two -LRB- chronological -RRB- books are more interesting that way .
 Political space tales are n't really my thing , but I must say that , politics aside , I was astonished that Asimov was so young when he wrote this . Few writers can write such good prose before middle-age . The story itself is rather mundane for a true sci-fi enthusiast . You 'll not find any great discoveries by astronaut explorers or the like , but what it does do , it does well . His treatment of religion is silly though , and like most atheist writers , it 's not very well thought out . I 've not read anything else by him , but one hopes his later novels were better developed in that area . The mystical hints that run through nearly all of Arthur C Clarke 's stories are the most intriguing thing about them . Asimov would have done well to have studied them .
 The time frame in which the book takes place can best be described as `` A Long time ahead , in a galaxy far far away '' . Yes , that is a cheesy Star Wars cliche . However , readers expecting anything star warsey about this should expect to be sorely disappointed . This book focuses primarily on politics . There is not one ounce of violence in the book , which is a good thing , it is a nice break from almost everyother contemporary scifi novel , which all seem to impress people with their space ships 'n' aliens . The book is very good , but sometimes does get a little boring . I suppose this may be my fault , as I do have a short attention span . Anyhow , this book does a few twists in it , as everything may not be what it seems with Hari Seldons dream!So if you 've been on the fringe of being a sci fi fan , but detest the embarassment of carrying around a book with giant robots on it , this book is for you .
 This book is my all-time favourite book . It is so amazing , especially the science Asimov created . And it made sense too ! The story is awesome , and leaves you wanting more . This book -LRB- and the next two -RRB- beat of Lord of the Rings for all-time sci-fi/fantasy trilogy . Hopefully it will be made into a movie one day . Might even beat out LOTR with oscars too . It is a must read for anyone who loves sci-fi .
 I first read these books when I was in high school and althoughI almost never read fiction , and do n't particularly like sciencefiction -LRB- even though I studied geophysics in university andwork as an engineer -RRB- , these books made an immense impressionon me . As I began to study Judaism , I finally discovered thatAsimov , a non-observant , yet knowledgable Jew , was using theformat of science fiction to describe the Jewish concept of theredemption of mankind . A careful reading of the BiblicalProphets shows that the ideal world that history is leadingmankind towards has universal peace between nations and ade-emphasis of technology in favor of the development of man ` sinner , morespiritual side . However , this development of man 's spiritualqualities and move towards universal harmony is accompaniedby upheavels and wars . Jewish tradition also says that theworld is sustained by 36 `` hidden '' righteous people whosegood deeds and spritual superiority are vital from preventingthe destructive forces in the world , both natural andman-made from overcoming everything and leading the worldto chaos.Asimov used the two Foundations as his vehicle for describingthis cosmic process , and an important part of the story isthe necessity of the Second Foundation to remain `` hidden '' toallow the process to work itself out.As far as the story itself is concerned , it is true that it isdated ... for example , Asimov places the capital of the GalacticEmpire on the planet Trantor which `` is at the center of theGalaxy '' . Today , it is believed that the center of the galaxyis full of black holes and lethal amounts of radiation , so itis unlikely there would be life as we know it there . Also , Asimov posits atomic energy as being the ultimate form of powerbut physics has advanced beyond that point to fusion and otherexotic forms of power.On the other hand , Asimov wrote these stories in the wake ofthe Second World War and so he is quite aware of how so manyinstitutions created by men ... including governments and religiousestablishments , even starting with the bestof intentions , seems to run into crises . Thus the GalacticEmpire , which brought centuries of peace and prosperity tomankind , is brought inevitably to a point of degeneration , andhow the -LRB- First -RRB- Foundation itself , founded by idealistic , intelligent people who are at least partly aware of theirimportant role in shaping a better future for mankind , rapidlydegenerates into a repressive dictatorship.As others have pointed out , these stories have almost no `` action '' , which is fine with me -LRB- my favorite movies and TV shows alsohave no action , e.g. Twelve Angry Men -RRB- and in spite of thefact that these stories are 60 years old , I recommend themto anyone who wants a deeper look at mankind 's natureand its destiny .
 The greatest sequel ever ! With a powerful storyline and surprise ending , the book leads right into the Second Foundation
 If you 're only going to read one SF book , this is the one . This was my introduction to SF many years ago and it 's still my all-time favorite . Asimov was the original and is still the master .
 This is the book that started my love affair with science fiction.Stationed in Viet Nam in 1968 , I started on a quest to read 100 books during my tour . A school teacher from Boston recommeded I read The Foundation Trilogy , claimnig it was the greatest books fo that genre . He might have been pulling my leg but every year fopr five years I reread these and enjoyed them every time . This year I listened to them on books-on-tape and marveled at the ahead of his time thinking , the plot lines and significantly , the characterization . Unheard of in science fiction at that time . Most of what I had read in the fifties was plot driven or technology focussed.Asimov continues to be my favorite science fiction writer and one if my favorites in all genres.I really like the way he weaves the robots , the foundation and the empire themes together in his later novels
 This book is the perfect kickoff to the greatest and most amazing Science-Fiction series ever . Asimov and his Foundation are the foundation of all modern science fiction . This book especially is a fascinating story full of characters so real you could expect to bump into them on the street , to speak nothing of the Doctor 's amazing - and totally beleivable - futuristic technology.If you want to get a transcendental , literary experience or you just want to read a damn fine story , the Foundation series - and especially this book - are what you 're looking for .
 Foundation is certainly a marvellous book . Asimov combines action , mystery , drama , and the almost Utopian futuristic world in his book . However , things are n't always what they seem , and Asimov weaves the plots and subplots together very nicely
 Even though the original stories and ideas were written in the 50 's , these books read as if they were written yesterday . All other sf was , and is , trying to measure up to this classic . -LRB- Apologies to the grave of Dr. Asimov for misspelling the first name of his character .
 I think that one should read the foundation trilogy at leasttwice
 Just when you thought Asimov had done enough in Foundationby creating a believable world of the future where themovements of large amounts of people could be predictedstatistically , he throws in The Mule . He therefore uprootseverything he had labored to convince you of in the firstbook and now you ca n't wait for the crisis to be averted.He also masterfully pushes you on to the next novel in theseries . What fun these books are !
 Foundation is the story of one man 's attempt to positively influence human history beyond the grave for centuries to come . Set far in the future , Hari Seldon 's goal is to shorten an impending period of Dark Ages from tens of thousands of years to one thousand years . To do so , he creates an organizational entity , the Foundation , and maneuvers to create circumstances so that the Foundation will recreate the Galactic Empire amid a blossoming of science and technology.This book is the first in a series that will keep you happily reading for days . In Foundation , the stage is set for the problem , and you will begin to understand the plan that Seldon has employed by examining the first 150 years after the Foundation is established.The book is built around four crises -LRB- Seldon Crises -RRB- that shape the potential of the First Foundation to fulfill its goal . In the first crisis , the Foundation is viewed as being a traitorous activity by the political authorities . Seldon explains that his purpose is to create an encyclopedia to encompass all current knowledge before it is lost . The crisis is survived when he agrees to take the project into exile on a planet with few natural resources at the far edge of the galaxy.Fifty years later , that fledgling is threatened by its powerful neighbors who have greater resources and military power . The Emperor can no longer protect the Foundation . Thirty years after that , another attempt to militarily capture the Foundation occurs . Another seventy years later , a fourth crisis occurs when remnants of the Empire start funneling advanced weapons to planets at the edge of galaxy that oppose the Foundation.Each crisis is overcome with a different approach , by a different leader . And the Foundation continues to develop towards its eventual form.These crises are much like a good mystery story . You know there 's been a crime that needs to be solved , but you have n't quite figured out how yet . Because there are four crises , you get to enjoy that problem-solving experience four times in one book ! Pretty neat!The Foundation 's advantage in all of these crises is that it has advanced knowledge and has applied it , while the rest of the Empire is losing knowledge . Pretty soon , things are falling apart technically for those outside the Foundation . The key technology is built around atomic power -LRB- as it appeared it would developed in the 1950s -RRB- . Reviewing Foundation is a challenging task . This book has become a science fiction classic , yet many will see little value in it because the science fiction perspectives and forecasts about science are dated . The book has to be read in the context of the books that follow to be fully understood and appreciated , but how does that help the person who has just finished Foundation ? Isaac Asimov used a most unusual style in the book , as though you are a historian uncovering bits of primary and secondary sources concerning a long ago period in time -LRB- that occurs in our future -RRB- . That either makes the book more authentic -LRB- if you like that -RRB- or annoying -LRB- if you do n't -RRB- . At bottom , these contrasts require the reviewer to attempt to capture for the potential reader what makes this book an enduring classic.First , Foundation squarely asks a fundamental question
 In his Foundation Trilogy -LRB- later to be extended in additional books -RRB- , the prolific science fiction/fact writer Isaac Asimov told a story of a small group of people who secretly steered the course of history using technology that we would now recognize as an outgrowth of memetics . By recognizing group psychology and the effect of various memes on populations , they were able -LRB- Asimov creates -RRB- to shorten the intergalactic Dark Ages by millennia . Is such a thing possible ? We are seeing the beginnings of attempts at memetic engineering today . Advertisers are designing memes that are becoming fairly effective at penetrating populations , in hope that they will carry with them a message influencing consumer buying behavior . Have you heard someone say `` I love ya , man ! '' lately ? Anheuser-Busch is delighted if you have . More broadly , I 'm seeing a steady trickle of organizations copying and mutating successful Profit Viruses -LRB- MLMs -RRB- and Power Viruses -LRB- cults -RRB- . It 's an interesting question whether the population as a whole will ever build up an `` immunity '' to this kind of thing , or whether the evolutionary-psychology buttons of lust , power , fear , and so on are too powerful to overcome . Who knows ? There may have been a small group of Illuminati steering us for millennia past without us even knowing ... -- Richard Brodie , author , Virus of the Mind
 Having just finished Greg Bear 's brilliant `` Foundation & Chaos '' , I 've decided I can no longer wait to begin re-reading the original again . I wish I could take the next few months to start off with the Robot series , move on to the Galactic Empire series , and then finsh with the entire collection of the Foundation books -LRB- because it 's all one big wunnerful story , doncha ' know ! -RRB- . Well , not this year , perhaps , but in a few I may do just that . In the meantime , I will re-read `` Foundation '' with yet another new perspective of Hari Seldon and all that came before this original masterpiece ... it truly never gets old .
 This is a great book , but it 's not one that would translate to film . It converted me from Star Trek books to real sf . -LRB- Although Star Trek started me out so I 'm not too harsh on it . -RRB- As a lover of history it drew me in . One of the major advantages of science fiction is it 's ability to deal with grand scope of history & it does it . Interestingly I like the later books too . In conclusion A movie version ?????? I sure hope not they 'd ruin it . However his End of Eternity , which is one of my favorites , might be cinematic if they did it right .
 The Foundation trilogy is the best work of science fiction I have ever read . Put it at the top of your list.Note that the books following the 3rd were written later , and do not share the same stature as the first three , although they are enjoyable reading .
 Everybody like to know your fast and future . Everybody see it as want .
 An excellent start to the trilogy . You may find the science of psychohistory a bit hard to believe , perhaps more so because history always celebrates the individual heros . But all leaders make use of mass belief to reach their goals . Asimov combines his observations of society with his scientific knowledge to create a masterpiece . A must read for sci-fi enthusiasts like me .
 In 40 years I have read the Foundation trilogogy multiple times . Each time is just as intense as the first , if not more . This series was a classic then and still is now . `` Hari Seldon crises '' and `` psychohistory '' have been a part of my vocabulary for 40 years . Not bad for fiction .
 This book is really great . It consists of two stories . Bothe stories invovle Hari Seldon 's theory and promise that the Foundation will last forever against threatning enemies . The first stroy is about an Emperial general who threatens the Foundation , but obviously lose , since Hari Seldon 's plan can not be changed . The ending gives the reader a broad prespective on Hari Seldon 's plan and theory . I would rate the first stroy as very good . The second story is even better . This time the Foundation is threatened by a mutant , and the Foundationa is loosing . You must read the second story , which is EXCELLENT , juts for the surprising and excellent ending !
 This book was almost perfect . It was actually better than the stellar first book -LRB- Foundation -RRB- , which was also great . I just hope that we will one day get to see a ` Big Budget ' movie series on the Foundation Series . But the stories are so good that they do n't need the hype -LRB- but a movie would be fun -RRB- .
 More like 4.975 Stars . If we had more books like this , who would watch TV . This book should be required reading in College Literature classes . I would love to see a well produced movie -LRB- s -RRB- for the Foundation Series - But nothing could ever be as entertaining as Asimov 's fluid writing .
 In response to the reader from San Fransisco who gave this book a 3 , they should know that the reasons the characters do n't match up is because the first three foundation books were written 30 years before the last three . Furthermore they were written out of order , Foundation was the first , and the other two , Prelude to Foundation and Forward the Foundation were written 35-40 years later . Also , the stories were not `` tacked on '' each of the first three books is actually a collection of connected novellas , which orignally were published seperately in magazines .
 While reading this book , I could n't help exulting on the philosophy of the book and the characters ' conduct . Though the Foundation keeps confronting belligerent forces , the heads of Foundation 's government and those in charge do not resort to violence ! Instead of the automatic jump to use violence in a threatening situation , they use civil disobedience , embargos , and gentle ways of subjugation . Even though some warhawks -LRB- the Actionists of Terminus in Hardin 's time -RRB- agitate the Foundation to go to war , in the end , the doves prevail , using their tactics of nonviolence . Since Asimov -LRB- genius -RRB- published this book in 1951 , three years since the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi , I could tell that it was influenced by Gandhi 's nonviolent philosophy . Albert Einstein recognized the enlightened mind of Gandhi , who advocated nonviolent tactics and change without shedding blood . Throughout Asimov 's Foundation , published three years after Gandhi 's assassination , Gandhi 's teachings are very evident . Most readers probably did n't recognize this , but Foundation was probably influenced by one of the major figures of our century -- Gandhi . Also , the nonviolent philosophies of Leo Tolstoy and Henry David Thoreau are also somewhat present .
 I really liked Foundation . Then I really liked the first part -LRB- `` The General '' -RRB- of this . And then the Mule showed up ... First , Asimov always had trouble writing a mystery . I identified the Mule the first time he showed up , and I figured out the basics of his mutation as soon as the Visi-Sensor was described . And that leads me to my second nitpick . The Mule did n't need to have such a powerful ability to affect others . The ability to read minds plus high intelligence would give the Mule the same ability to predict reactions as a trained psychohistorian , and the Visi-Sensor would give him the tool to exploit it . The story itself would go much the same way , with the Mule 's ability to force predicted reactions replacing his ability to force actions , but with a tighter integration with the ideas of the previous book . Furthermore , it would have meant none of the psychic conspiracies which proceeded to dominate in the books Second Foundation , Foundation 's Edge , etc. . The ability to twist minds transforms psychohistory from the powerful science of Foundation to simply a method of forecasting the societal impact of psychic manipulation . It also transformed the Foundation series from moderately hard SF stories about the impact of a new science to just another set of stories about mind control magic . BTW , I like fantasy and soft SF -- I just wish Foundation did n't change genres in mid-trilogy .
 Very briefly , to the pair of one-star reviews below , keep in mind that these stories were written in the 1940 's ! Must you blame Mr. Asimov for `` inaccuracy '' in a time where much more mainstream sources felt that by 1980 we 'd all be zipping around in flying bubble cars ? Obviously you missed the point here . The Foundation series is about our own humanity , not about where we will be technologically in the year 15000 . No , I ca n't prove that there could actually be a Mule , but why waste your time trying to ? The Mule is probably one of the best literary constructs to grace the world of science fiction , one that is n't decked out in gadgets and laser beams . There 's something to be said about a writer that can make a sci-fi villian without resorting to hi-tech hijinks . You did n't like the Mule ? Well tough luck and go back to reading your Star Trek novels .
 In his Foundation Trilogy -LRB- later to be extended in additional books -RRB- , the prolific science fiction/fact writer Isaac Asimov told a story of a small group of people who secretly steered the course of history using technology that we would now recognize as an outgrowth of memetics . By recognizing group psychology and the effect of various memes on populations , they were able -LRB- Asimov creates -RRB- to shorten the intergalactic Dark Ages by millennia.Is such a thing possible ? We are seeing the beginnings of attempts at memetic engineering today . Advertisers are designing memes that are becoming fairly effective at penetrating populations , in hope that they will carry with them a message influencing consumer buying behavior . Have you heard someone say `` I love ya , man ! '' lately ? Anheuser-Busch is delighted if you have.More broadly , I 'm seeing a steady trickle of organizations copying and mutating successful Profit Viruses -LRB- MLMs -RRB- and Power Viruses -LRB- cults -RRB- . It 's an interesting question whether the population as a whole will ever build up an `` immunity '' to this kind of thing , or whether the evolutionary-psychology buttons of lust , power , fear , and so on are too powerful to overcome.Who knows ? There may have been a small group of Illuminati steering us for millennia past without us even knowing ... -- Richard Brodie , Author , `` Virus of the Mind
 The instant I read this wonderful series , my life changedin some very significant ways . I have two degrees inmathematics , and am working on a Ph.D. in mathematics as a DIRECT RESULT of these books . Asimov explores the whole notion that human behavior is predictable on a very large scale , but completely unpredictable on an individual scale . The marriage between the clockwork Universe and the humanistic feeling that we have free-will is masterfully completed in this award-winning work . The Foundation series is classified as Sci-fi , but it is in a league of its own !
 Simply the best science fiction series ever . No one macthesAsimov in the combination of thought provoking futurism andsheer out and out entertainment . This book will get youstarted on the rest of the series -LRB- which you willimmediately want to read -RRB- and hopefully on a long career ofreading all of Asimov 's fiction . The Good Doctor 's greatestcontribution to the genre is the notion that brains willalways win out over brawn . His plot twists never turn onmajor battles or laser fights , but always with the triumphof reason . It 's all here in abundance .
 Though `` Foundation '' was later tied to many other novels and stories that Isaac Asimov wrote , many of us considered this story to be the first of the Foundation Trilogy . We meet Hari Seldon and learn of the beginning of psychohistory . Hari has predicted , using psychohistory , that the 12,000 year old galactic empire is facing eminent collapse . Hari determined through this calculations that the collapse of the empire will lead to 30,000 years of chaos before a second empire forms . Hari also determined that by taking certain actions that the 30,000 years of chaos could be shortened to 1,000 years.Considering that this novel is only 256 pages long it covers a lot of ground . The novel begins on the ultra-urbanized planet Trantor and then heads to the edge of the galaxy . We watch the empire collapse and then the struggles of the Foundation as they attempt to re-start civilization . We also watch as the Foundation changes from a religious organization to a scientific one.This novel is the best of the first three Foundation books . Part of the reason may be that these stories were originally short stories . Also , Asimov was not trying to form a single cohesive story lasting 1,000 years ; at this time he was just trying to launch an idea . I sometimes think it is easier to launch an epic adventure than it is to evolve the epic over hundreds or thousands of pages . Certainly Asimov 's launch in this book was grand and is one of the best classic science fiction novels.The next two books in this series are `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation . `` Enjoy !
 My 14 year old loves science fiction and fantasy and I 've introduced him and reintroduced myself to some of the Classic Works of the Genre that Predate Star Wars and Serenity.Its been at least 20 years since I first read the trilogy . I had completely forgotten that the books are several self contained novella 's that show the evolution of Hari Seldon 's plan to keep the dark ages from the fall of the First Empire to the creation of a second empire confined to a period of a single millenia.He foresees a set of crisises that can only be managed with one solution every 75 years or so to increase the power of the foundation . Some are solved by trickery , some are resolved by Religion , and some by economics.I did n't notice until this reading that each `` crisis '' that emerges is resolved by someone thinking ` outside the box ' of the people who resolved the previous crisis and are now controlling the reins of the Foundation.Classic scifi from the Golden Age before Star Wars . If you 're tired of the force return to a simpler era .
 This is the second of the three novels in the original `` Foundation Trilogy '' , which was published in 1952 by Gnome Press . An edited version of it was published by Ace Books in the 1950s under the title `` The Man Who Upset The Universe '' . It consists of two sections which are taken from shorter fiction that was published in `` Astounding Science Fiction '' in the 1940s . While better than the first novel in the series , there are still some weaknesses as a result of age . Asimov himself wrote in 1982 that the knowledge of astronomy at that time was `` primitive '' and that he could now take advantage of electronic computers in his stories , which had n't been invented until he was halfway through the series in the 40s . The two sections of `` Foundation And Empire '' are : `` The General '' - In this story , the Foundation is attacked by what is left of the Empire . The Empire , though much weaker than it once was , is still stronger than the Foundation . This was first published as the novelette `` Dead Hand '' in the April 1945 edition of `` Astounding Science Fiction '' . `` The Mule '' - Perhaps the best of the Foundation stories ; in this one the Seldon plan is destroyed by its inability to predict a singular event . The Foundation is threatened by a person known only as The Mule . He is mysteriously able to defeat more powerful forces , with inferior forces . This was first published as the novella `` The Mule '' in `` Astounding Science Fiction '' in November and December of 1945 . The trilogy has been recognized by readers and critics alike over the years . In 1952 , it was rated as the 15th best book overall by the Astounding/Analog All-Time Poll . It moved up to 12th on the same poll in 1956 , and then to 1st in 1966 . In 1975 it was ranked 6th on the Locus poll for All-Time Novels . In 1987 it was 6th on the same poll for SF Novels . In 1998 it was ranked 4th on the same poll for novels before 1990 . It also received the 1966 Hugo for All-Time Series , beating out Tolkien 's `` The Lord Of The Rings '' , Smith 's `` Lensman '' , Heinlein 's `` Future History '' , and Burroughs ' `` Barsoom '' series for the award .
 The set arrived on time and enjoyed listening to the tapes , the tapes arrived in good condition and great sound .
 Great book by Isaac Asimov . What a wonderful sci fi book . I 'd recommend this series for anyone that likes fiction
 I really liked this book , especially the fact -LSB- SLIGHT SPIOLER -RSB- That you get to see different people 's perspectives at different periods of time . -LSB- END OF SPIOLER -RSB- I would reccomend this to anyone who likes books by Isaac Asimov or a story that takes place over a long time . ****
 &#34; Foundation and Empire &#34; by Isaac Asimov is a remarkable expedition into the unknown that is spellbinding , imaginative , and original . Indited by master storyteller Asimov , it will startle , astound , and capture your imagination . A must read by one of my favorite authors who is revered the world over ...
 This book is a classic , and it has -LRB- so far -RRB- stood the test of time . It is fairly fast paced and , instead of tracking the same characters through the whole book , tells the story from different time periods and the eyes of different characters , which was an interesting change of pace for me .
 This series has several elements which make it some of the best science fiction I have ever read . It largely focuses around multiple intricately intertwined geopolitical economies , and gives intriguing insight into the possible -LRB- though distant -RRB- future of humanity at large . A must read series for any sci-fi fan .
 I Read this book 30 years ago . Wanted to refresh my memory . Am glad I did ! Now on to Foundation and Empire .
 I loved reading the Foundation novels a long time ago and was glad I found them on Kindle . Ca n't go wrong with Asimov .
 I loved reading the Foundation novels a long time ago and was glad I found them on Kindle . Ca n't go wrong with Asimov .
 Not earth shaking or intensely mind bending but even after 30 years I enjoyed rereading the series . Asimov 's storytelling is great !
 `` Foundation '' is just one of the many sci-fi/high-tech books and sci-fi in general books that Asimov has written , along with `` Empire '' , that takes us into the far-flung future like no one else can . Other great books by other Masters worth owning are `` Stranger in a Strange Land '' , `` Childhood 's End '' , as well as the more modern cyberpunk like `` Neuromancer '' , `` Snow Crash '' , Cryptonomicon '' , and `` Darkeye
 We already knew that `` psychohistorian '' Hari Seldon had predicted the demise of the galactic empire and to shorten the length of time for `` barbarism '' he established two Foundations . He placed these at oppposite ends of the galaxy , one known , one unknown . Things were going smoothly until the periodic prediction -LRB- when Seldon appears holographically -RRB- was obviously wrong.The cause is the Mule , a mutant of incredible mental powers who no one has ever seen . The introduction of this character was one of the best plot devices used in a long time and it gave the fledging story a much-needed boost . Who is this mutant and why does he do the things he does ? What caused his mental powers ? Can he be defeated ? But most important , what is to happen now that Seldon 's plans can not be followed with accuracy?Stay tuned for book III .
 Foundation by Isaac Asimov is an excellent read for any fan of literature , not just readers of science fiction . It is the first novel in what is known by many as the greatest science fiction trilogy of all time . The story envelops the reader from cover to cover and never stops . The characters are real , with great development from the author.The story itself is about the trials gone through by a small group started by the great scientist Hari Seldon . The goal of the group is to rebuild the Empire after its inevitable fall . The characters are actiive , and the plot is always moving , never letting the reader go for a second . Asimov also uses his great knowledge of science to his advantage in the novel . Foundation is a great read and will not disappoint any who read it .
 Millions of words have been written of this now dated novel yet it is still so enjoyable to read . The influence of the Sci Fi generation that would give us so much to enjoy.The genesis of a great story based in the distant future where space travel is normal as the Galaxy ruled by a human empire , ruled from the planet city of Trantor , that is about to collapes under it 's own weight -LRB- sounds familiar ? -RRB- and of one man that will predict it 's fall and end result.This book is part of a trilogy that would spawn both sequals and prequils that will eventually lead back to the place where it all began . Earth .
 The second book continues the storyline of Hari Seldon and the result of his mathematical equations that would predict the fall of the Empire and bring on a ten thousand year depression . Hari uses mathmatics to reset the prediction so only to allow for a millenium of darkness if a programme he sets up is followed to rule.Banished to the Foundation planet he sets off a type of timetabled holographic calender that would guide the remains of humanity through a thousand years of darkness . However as we know you ca n't predict the future and eventually things start to go wrong . A new character arrives to totally disrupt everything he has planed out for the future , The Mule.Humans are so unpredictable .
 This is truly a defining book for the genre of science fiction . The beauty of this tale is that Asimov began penning it when he was only twenty one years old . The story centers around a falling empire and the many characters throughout its history that define it . It also deals with a sort of scientific prophecy in what is termed `` psychohistory '' . This is the manner in which the future can be predicted using scientific evidence and the laws of probability . This is truly a masterpiece of the genre . A standard which all sci-fi authors should hope to attain . I would recommend this read to anyone that is a science fiction fan . Many readers are familiar with Orson Scott Card . This is the novel which prompted him to become a writer . That this novel is a cornerstone in the genre is an understatment .
 Unlike the first Foundation book , which was a series of related but not inter-connected stories , Foundation and Empire has two longer stories . This lets Asimov flesh out the stories more , adding detail and plot intricacies . The first story , The Big and The Little , is not one of the series ' strongest . However , the second story , The Mule , is the masterpiece of the series . It tells of a muntant , The Mule , who falls outside the scope of Hari Seldon 's psychohistory as one supremely powerful individual . The story is told in almost detective story fashion similar to the first two Robot novels . It 's quite as suspenseful and involving as Asimov at his best and one of his utmost classics . There 's quite a lot of plot tangling and twists , and the ending is a shocker . It 's not quite a cliffhanger but will definitely make you want to read the next book , which is great also . The whole series comes highly recommended .
 ... P > The story was very unique.The world he creates and the society therein is fantasic and dangerous.The protagonist is a mathmatician running around just doing his thing not realizing that destiny awaits him.I really , really recommend this book and the next . By the middle of the third book I did begin to loose interest as my male testosterome began to scream for more violence and suspense.Characters are likeable and the story resolution is very satisfying . This book was great and enjoyable in and of itself even if you do n't continue on with the rest of the series .
 Let 's get started with one of the most celebrated science fiction sagas of all time
 This was probably my fourth reading of the book and what can I say ? I highly recommend it.My brief review is this . The book is a lot of fun to read , has some excellent characters , and a very intriguing plot . For a little more detail continue reading.I 'll start with three specific observations.FIRSTGeorge Lucas was impregnated by the Foundation prior to the birth of Star Wars.Let 's check off some parallels . Decadent empire in decline ? Check . Deep space religion ? Check . Traders/smugglers with a wild-west attitude ? Check . Central planet is entirely one city ? Check.If you are a Star Wars fan and have NOT read this book these little hints alone should be reason for you to check it out.I 'm not discrediting GL for his development of Star Wars , simply identifying a primary source of his inspiration.SECONDThese short stories which became this novel were originally written in the 40 's . Given that the stories are written before the computer age it 's really easy to forgive what technologies he did n't anticipate and appreciate the development of his futuristic world and its own technology.However , it is interesting to note that the technological innovations of the Foundation anticipate to some degree the technological phenomenon we see everywhere in that devices get smaller and smaller but more and more powerful . The main difference is that the Foundation 's limited resource was metal while our real world limitations are more related to energy.THIRDThe scary point ? That even in decline certain civilizations can produce their most advanced achievements . These achievements are however quickly lost as the downward impetus of that civilization is too great to escape its destiny with implosion.Yikes!I think I 'll end with that . Have a nice day !
 I love classic sci-fi , in all it 's wondrous unbelievability . I like stories where humans go to venus and find rainforests and go to mars and establish colonies and can breathe for no reason at all . It 's way off science fact . but it 's awesome . There 's a nostalgic feeling to it that makes me feel comfortable and happy.I 've never read anything by Asimov before , so i thought i 'd start with his multi-part epic classic . The Foundation series takes place in the far , far distant future when humanity has spread itself across the entire galaxy . They live in a political empire , quadrillions of people on billions of planets unified for millenia under one system , advanced , strong and stable . Enter Hari Seldon , a psychohistorian -LRB- aka a mathematician who can use advanced formulas and sociology to predict the future with absolute certainty -RRB- . Seldon predicts the demise of the Empire and a period of chaos , a new dark age , that will last for 30,000 years , unless he takes direct action to preserve all of human knowledge and make subtle changes to reduce those 30,000 years of disunity to a mere 1,000 . I know . A 1,000 year long story . Epic . Seldon is tried for treason and disruption of the peace of the empire , but convinces the leadership of his theories and sets up the Foundation , responsible for the construction of an encyclopedia galactica to preserve all human knowledge on the rim of the galaxy , away from the turmoil about to unfold.From this introduction , Asimov proceeds to tell his story in almost like an anthology format . We see major figures and major events from each generation and how the members of the Foundation deal with crises that lead them to the forging of a new empire , conquering the darkness , chaos and barbarism that spreads across the galaxy in the wake of the fall of the first empire . There are wonderful themes explored from fate , predestination , individuality , change , and religion . This last is probably the most powerful for me . In the wake of the collapse of civilized society and it 's technological wonders , the Foundation finds itself the only group of humans with advanced technology -LRB- mainly nuclear power -RRB- . The other bands of humans whose tech has fallen into disrepair looks upon this advanced technology and science as magic , and the Foundation is quick to seize upon this and make a new religion out of the science , teaching `` priests '' how to repair and use the technology to further their own power and domination in the galaxy . An interesting concept.Asimov is a brilliant sociologist and finds interesting ways to resolve immense political and economic crises . The series is well thought out and brilliantly executed . So why four stars ? Well , the scope of the story is so large that there are innumerable characters to keep track of and develop . Asimov does a fantastic job at that , but I never really identify with anyone , and just when I start liking someone , they die and we move on to the next generation . This is more of a personal quibble than anything serious . Asimov forsees a great many modern technologies from the early 50s including video conferencing , the internet , and miniaturization of a lot of the gadgets available in the 50s , a trend we see continuing today . Looking forward to the second book .
 Asimov was one of the founding fathers of Sci-fi and to him we owe a debt of gratitude for making the genre worthy of the literary title . His messages and considerations give the reader a lot more than just something to kill time . It makes sci-fi an avenue to real soul searching .
 I buy a few and the others are missing . Why ? Is Prelude to Foundation an &#34; obscure &#34; book ? This is absurd .
 The second book in the Foundation series and by far the strongest of the three , and my personal favorite.The book is divided into two parts giving the characters ample time to develop -LRB- compared to the first -RRB- and the story itself will grip you and never let go . It will very easily keep you on the edge wanting more and the final conclusion will leave you wide eyed . Both parts of the book , especially the second , create some incredibly strong and memorable characters that will immerse you so completely in the universe you 'll not want it to end . Asimov created a master piece with the Foundation series and this second book is the staple that holds it together .
 Isaac Asimov 's Foundation series portrays a tremendous sweep of future history . Published in 1951 , Foundation is the first book of this series -LRB- however , Asimov would later write prequels to Foundation -RRB- . Set many thousands of years into the future , this book opens with a description of psychohistory and its founder Hari Seldon . Psychohistory is a branch of mathematics which deals with the reactions of human conglomerates to fixed social and economic stimuli . Mathematician Hari Seldon predicts a series of crises which will impact the Galactic Empire . Wanting to preserve knowledge Seldon sets up a foundation staffed with scholars and scientists.As Asimov wrote Foundation he was influenced by Edward Gibbon 's multi-volume work History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire . In fact , Asimov read Gibbon 's book not once , but twice ! It may be inferred that the emergence of Christianity during Roman times and the emergence of a new religion in Foundation are parallel events . What struck me about this book is that it is primarily composed of dialogue . I also found it interesting that Asimov has newspapers and tobacco still in existence so far into the future . I did like this book and I look forward to reading additional volumes in this epic science fiction series .
 Notetably one of the finest chapters in the Foundation series ... the `` original triology '' is still the best .
 I read this book after coming blind to the foundation books - I 've never read Asimov in a novel before . I 've noted how Asimov , when writing the books , was very much a part of his time . When a character does n't smoke , it is a character trait to point out where everyone else smokes by course . Also , sexism is taken for granted , and when a female character assumes to be treated with equal rights it is a place for comment . I had hoped that we would have found better ways to get high and allowed more equality that far into the future , but I suppose smoke 'em if you got 'em . Anyways , I like this book better than the previous one because there are characters that you can root for and unexpected jerks in the plot-line and a more linear narrative based on the fact that a lot of the exposition is out of the way from the first book . I now can not wait for the finale of the original series and debate weather to read the other three ancillary books that Asimov wrote later .
 These are just a phenomenal set of books . Asimov is and always will be the master of science fiction .
 I loved this series ... couldnt put it down . I highly recommend these books to anyone who loves sci-fi .
 The Foundation series is the most involving and gripping set of science fiction novels I have ever read . And each time I read them , I only enjoy them more and more . But what would really make my millenium -LRB- ca n't forget to interject a Y2K joke ... -RRB- would be to see at least the first Foundation book made into a feature length movie or at least a direct-to-video production . So , if you 're a film-maker that 's reading this , why not consider it ? You 'd make a killing at the box office , that 's for sure .
 Totally gripping and involving . Very imaginative and successful fantasy/mystery .
 I am a teenager , but I read books that are for more advanced readers . Once I picked up Asimov 's `` Foundation '' , I could not put it down . To write a book of such imagination and complexity , and yet to capture the mind of the reader as it did mine , is and extraordinary feat . Asimov is a brilliant writer . I have now begun reding the fourth installement of the series , titled `` Foundation 's Edge '' . He has been able to keep the same level of intensity throughout the entire series , and is still able to keep the reader guessing . Asomov is truly a mastermind . Worthy of comparison with `` Dune '' and `` Lord of the Rings '' . Surely , one , if not the greatest book of all time .
 I think that the first three books of the Foundation series -LRB- `` Foundation '' , `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' -RRB- are excellent . The others maybe are of less quality but as a whole the series is a classic and a must-read group of books for everybody that likes science fiction .
 I do n't ussually read sience fiction , but I came accross these three books in my father 's drawer , and I 'm really glad I did . Luckily , my father had bought the whole Foundation Trilogy years ago . I sat down and read all three books . I 've read the whole series about 9 times ! It 's even more impresive every time . Isaac Asimov is without a doubt a genius . The way he combines the events in his novels , and the way he presents things is outstanding . If you have n't read this book , please do so . It is certainly worth it .
 I have just finished reading the First of the Foundation Series and I truly believe that it is the Best Science Fiction that I have ever read .
 I 'm teeenage kid and before i read the foundation series i was reading Clarke 's book -LRB- particarly the RAMA series , they are almost as good -RRB- The first foundation book i pick up was Foundation and Empire . I did n't even finish it . Then a month or two later at a libary i stumbled on the Foundation book . I started reading and all of sudden Foundation and Empire made sense . Along with Second FOundation these three books are the best ever written -LRB- i have n't read the other foundation books yet -RRB- . As a result of these books i have decided to devote my life to math , or pyshcology , or history , ormabye even physcohistory !!
 This book is a classic . It is a great lesson in Philosphy and Wisdom
 Any coment 's on this serie of books must be a positive one and if it 's not then thats becouse you dident understand the story , so you should reread them all again , i stronly recommend this serie of books to anyone , not just sci fans , but to all that have the taste to read . The author of this serie wrote 470 books , he was a genius and died out of his time with the age of 72 , in memory of ISAAC ASIMOV i recommend all of his books , but especially the foundation series , thaks for reading my review .
 Although the fact that this novel was really several stories put together into one format , which was slightly disconcerting , I still must say that Foundation is a masterpiece , and you can not wait to see what happens next . With every story the Foundation grows in power and you see the intracacies involved in politics and war , trade and power . A blueprint for the eventual realization of a real Psychohistory . Another one of The Greats .
 I read these books for the first time over 30 years ago . They were my first exposure to Sience Fiction . I loved them then and every 5 years or so I read them again . Azimov got me hooked on the genre and I remain a fan of scitech .
 This is the first book in the extremely popular Foundation trilogy . Asimov has this clever idea that extensive control of the population requires religion , technology and the guise of freedom.In reading the introduction by Asimov he reveals the Foundation story was created after completing Gibbon 's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire.The story is full of political intrigue and religious power-plays . Some of my highlights from the book : '' ... religion-controlled commercial empire '' `` Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent . '' '' ... so that we could incubate art , science , and technology , and form the nucleus of the Second Empire . '' `` Now any dogma primarily based on faith and emotionalism , is a dangerous weapon to use on others , since it is almost impossible to guarantee that the weapon will never be turned on the user . `` I 'm looking forward to the second and third books in the trilogy , Second Foundation and Foundation and Empire .
 I had never read any of the foundation novels and yet , considered myself a science fiction fan . Im glad to say i have corrected this glaring error .
 Assimovo should be required reading for all teens . His characters are very believable . Even the smart ones do dumb things , they just do them for smart reasons .
 Really an enjoyable book to read . Asimov had such a hard task in this book , introducing his readers to a large span of history . Most of the book maintained immersion , but the smoking of the characters threw me off a bit -LRB- I wish someone would go through and pull the smoking out , as well as the newspapers , and change them to something else -RRB- . Many people complain about character development being non existent in this book , but character was n't the point of this work . I have never seen another author try in under 300 pages to cover the span of time covered in Foundation . For the constriction he put himself under , the characters are developed as far as they need to be with broad strokes.For people who are critical of this work , read contemporaries of Asimov , and you will find that only he , Bradbury , Herbert , and a few others even bother to develop characters . Most Scifi does n't even bother to develop the science enough to stand on it 's own . In this case , Asimov simply developed what he knew on the time through scaling the size , and using hyperspace to solve distance problems , so it was easy to accept every premise he laid down -LRB- well except for the smoking ... -RRB- The whole point of the premise is that the main characters all have an inkling that there CAN BE NO HERO for Seldon 's plan to work . If at any point , someone had acted with rash heroics , his mathmatics would be rendered null , and the decay of the galaxy would last for ten millennia instead of one .
 This book is simply way out of this scarry scarred annoying world we are forced to live in called earth , with all its stomach aches and dripping joints and footsores and boredom . But old Asimov gives you a chance to go way out of this into just plain gigantic empires and it 's all so way past any human imagination it keeps you satisfied , your poor little soft skin human body satisfied , so long as you keep reading it . Asimmov knows really how to keep you out of it all as long as your nose in his pages . But what is too much a puzzle I just do n't get is how so many people want to take a good fanstasy like his and say he is actually realistic , this is the world we are going to make ourselves in a few hundred years or even sooner . But these people are totally missing the point , I do n't care even if Asimov himself wanted to make all this Foundation real oine day or hoped people would , beause then if we are actually living in this sort of Foundation Empire then , if you think about it , we 'll all actually just be back in boring old scratchy reality again that always feels sort of uncomfortable like velcro . They just do n't get how the whole genre is called `` science fiction and FANTASY . '' The two halfs go together like the inside and outside of your face . Keep reality out . Hooray for unreality and yummy unreality like this one .
 Breathes there a teenager of the md-20th century with a love of science fiction who was not weaned on the Foundation series ? All that sweeping drama , testosterone-laden but basically non-violent -LRB- all the violence is simply swept into summarizing references to ships destroyed and cities ransacked -RRB- marching through decades without concentrating on anything really boring , like character development , emotional entanglements or the trappings of society . Not a single reference to such trash as classical music , or stage shows , or pop music , or romance , just sweeping views of a distant future -LRB- or could it have been the distant past ? -RRB- with the means of traveling between stars in the galaxy in the flash of a gnat 's eyelash.And yet ... revisiting the beloved Foundation , reading through the filter of a lifetime of experience , cracks appear in the plaster , and beneath them one finds that the lath is too widely spaced , the bricks behind that lath are often without mortar , and one can see the trees where bricks are missing . We live already in an age where technology has bypassed this particular Universe . Computers have become infinitely more pervasive than Asimov might have dreamed in his wildest fantasy , for at the time of the writing they were mere collators of stacks of punched cards , the transistor had yet to be introduced or shrunk to the size of a grain of sand , much less a sub-microscopic speck imprinted by the millions on a tiny wafer of silicon.Asimov had enormous faith in the future of Humanity , but he had no idea of how rapidly that future would approach - or how slowly humans would react and adapt to the challenges posed . No Empire can be established when information is instantaneously available to three-quarters of the population . Will an army composed of humans indefinitely repress an entire population composed of their friends , family , relatives ? We see the answer in Libya , in Egypt , in Syria , in Africa - where the mobile phone has allowed guerrilla tactics to be employed by any group , whether terrorist or freedom-fighter or mall-invasion gangs or `` mothers against the death camps of dog pounds . `` Human society has been transformed by 24/7 information availability - but the universe of the Foundation proposes a populace of ciphers acting in ignorance of facts that would already be generally available in the 21st century . `` Just Google it '' or `` look it up in Wikipedia '' is nowhere to be found . There is a project of the First Foundation to write a `` Galactic Encyclopedia '' - yet it already exists in 2012 . And yet that universe is immensely attractive , reduced to comic book simplicity , perfect for any adolescent -LRB- whether 14 or 74 -RRB- to immerse himself - or very infrequently herself , as this universe is truly misogynist
 Asimov is incredibly easy to read . His sentences are perfectly formed , neither too long , nor too decorated , nor too sparse . He strikes the perfect balance for his type of story , driving things forward consistently through description or dialogue whenever each is appropriate.This story takes place over a rather large time period and could really be considered a collection of closely related short fiction instead of a novel . It works well that way . We 're only given information on the most exciting periods of time in the Foundation 's history , and we 're left to fill in most of the blanks on our own.On the downside , there was n't much time to get to know any of the characters . I , Robot follows the same two characters through several situations and you get to know something about them by the end -LRB- even if they are almost cardboard cutouts , it works -RRB- . In Foundation , nobody lasts long enough to really care about.Despite that flaw , it did what any good book should do - it made me interested in continuing the story . Luckily , this is a long series . I 'll have plenty of time to finish it .
 WHY CA N'T I BUY THIS FOR MY KINDLE ????? I want to reread all of the Foundation series , having completed the Robot series , but ca n't find this one for my kindle . Highly frustrated .
 I ca n't get over how much I still enjoy this book series by Asimov . Its been a while since I read it but it still entertains.Michael J. FoyAuthor of The Kennedy Effect and Future Perfect -LSB- ... -RSB-
 There 's so much to be said for Foundation . We start out with the psychohistorians with their leader Hari Seldon who has predicted a 10,000 year Empire is about to crash to its knees and herald in a new Dark Ages . Hari ca n't stop the Dark Ages but he can shorten it.Interestingly he creates a priest class that runs the `` nucleonics '' of the Foundation , its erstwhile goal of creating an Encyclopedia Galactica set aside by stemming the tide of losing technology.You see , the Empire is losing its grip on the other sectors of the galaxy . More and more are dividing and becoming their own little kingdoms . The book centers around several characters who , through inside and cleverness , make things happen to keep the Foundation and create an insidious society that keeps it going.Asimov as an author , I have always been impressed with . His ability to create and predict -LRB- micro-miniaturization -RRB- , parodies and criticism of religion and science , trade and technology , is throughout the book.Near the end , we find that The Foundation is set to expand . Each chapter stands on its own and can be difficult for some to follow . But each chapter expands decades , some more , and as such can be hard to keep up.Highly recommended . Not `` hard core '' sci-fi so much as character-driven sci-fi . Recommend : The Foundation Trilogy Boxed Set -LRB- Foundation , Second Foundation , Foundation and Empire -RRB-
 The foundation novels are superb ! I went on to read the entire original trilogy , the first foundation book being my favorite . The story jumps ahead by leaps and bounds between sections , which can be confusing at first but ends up making for a fantastic treat . Ca n't recommend this series highly enough for any SciFi fan .
 Over time , the stories are good but not the best ever . Somewhat erratic and hard to follow .
 I highly recommend the time to read `` Foundation '' ... it just may convince you to continue on with the rest of the series . I believe it was the forerunner and main idea behind the concept of a galactic empire as has been expanded on by Star Wars and Star Trek . If you would like to see the genesis of the idea behind those phenomena then you 'll very much be rewarded by reading the Foundation series ... besides , anything by Asimov is worth its weight in gold and this is the zenith of his space operatic writings !
 I can not recommend Foundation , and its entire series , highly enough . When it comes to worldbuilding , and examining the possibilities of earth 's future , Asimov does it best . His entire basis is that intelligence , learning , and confrontation of the unknown will be our salvation , instead of ignorance or seeing who carries the biggest gun . A welcome change .
 The book does n't really need yet another enthusiastic review , so I 'll keep this to the point.The stories in this book are really enjoyable . You get to learn about characters in the beginning and then spend the rest of the time reading about the legacy they created and the later events that they had a hand in shaping . I find this satisfying in a way similar to the Dune series but I did n't have to read 6 books.As with every Asimov book I 've read , the plots in this book are forged and hewn into complicated machines that are disassembled before your eyes at just the right climactic moment . It makes for a hard book to put down .
 The Foundation is a series of books about two Foundations at the end of the Galaxy , at the rotting fringes of the Galactic Empire . Psychohistorian Hari Seldon has predicted the fall of the Galactic Empire , and 30,000 years of barbarism that will follow . The Foundations are established at two opposite edges of the Galaxy , little settlements that contain all human knowledge . The problem is that there are certain crises that the Foundations must overcome , with as little guidence from Seldon as possible.This was the first Asimov book I 've ever read , so I did n't know really what to expect . I found I loved it ! It was full of interesting characters , and each novelette showed a different point of time in the Foundation , so instead of slowly going through each year in the 1000 years of barbarism , you actually get somewhere . The characters had pros and cons to them , and seemed well rounded . It also showed a change in character through time , such as characters that were once sharp become dull and characters that used to rebel fall in line . Instead of telling you all about the character on the first page , it gave a general idea and then let the story tell the characters . One part I really liked was that it had plot twists that I did n't see coming , and the plot was n't completely transparent.In the end , this book was a very interesting sci-fi novel that kept me going , and held my interest until the end .
 I realize that it is a fairly arrogant thing to think that I have something new to say about this classic work that the 335 people who reviewed it before me have n't said already , so if you are reading this , you must REALLY be interested in this series.The only reason I 'm bothering is because I tend to write personal reviews with personal musings , a habit which has cost me more than a few `` helpful '' votes here and there.My purpose here -LRB- really -RRB- is to be a sort of compass for people , especially newer SF fans who are just learning about the genre.If you are a member of this group then you need to ask yourself a question . That question is
 You would be hardpressed to point to another of Asimov 's work and name it better the Foundation .
 Over a decade ago I checked this book out of the library , only to return it later having read only a couple of pages . I bought a copy the other day and was pleasantly surprised.Asimov started writing the Foundation series when he was 21 and this novel was first published in 1951 . In some ways the time period in which it was written can be seen . Nuclear power is envisioned as the be-all , end-all of energy . People smoke -LRB- although the cure for cancer was apparently found , so any carcinogenic effects would be annulled -RRB- and there 's talk of `` microfilm records . `` That said , the story was well-written and the reader can clearly imagine the events depicted as plausible . There is an overarching narrative focusing more on the grand sweep of history , but it is told in vignettes from the lives of key characters at important moments in time . `` Foundation '' is a clever book with a storyline that ages well .
 Comes this novel , given to me on Christmas , by my dad , on the recomendation of one of his co-workers . I am not a big science fiction fan , not that I 've read dozens of sci-fi books and hated them . It 's just that besides what I run into in the occasional Koontz or King , I have little interest in sci-fi . So after Christmas , a month or so goes by , and I finally open `` Foundation '' . Doing research before reading this , I am quite impressed at how popular this series is . After reading the book , I clearly see why . The first few pages took a re-read , as I was very confused . Before I knew it , im onto part 2 and not able to put this book down . All I can say now is I ca n't wait to get my hands on the rest of the series . I was in the mood for something different than my usual reading , and this really delivered . Asimov writing is intelligent , yet simple . His character 's are n't deep , but the plot amazes . His imagination is amazing.What I especially enjoy about this book , is that each of the five parts takes place many years after the previous part , so you really feel as if you know the whole empire 's history.All in all , this book took me from not caring much for sci-fi , to at the bare minimum reading the rest of this series , and eventualy , probably reading alot if not all of Asimov 's work . A book that 's on the short side never contained so much in opinion . I am now an Isaac Asimov fan . Recommended HIGHLY !
 After reading the whole trilogy I must say that the first installment still has the biggest impact for the single reason that this is where the whole grand idea was conceived and presented for the first time.The best aspect of this story is , of course , the awsome interplay between technology , politics , religion , economy , and culture within the galactic periphery in the immediate vicinity of planet Terminus , the location of the so called First Foundation . This interplay is cleverly woven into a series of plots propelled by a handful of characters . That focus upon a few key characters in a sense brought the whole story down to earth -LRB- and for the better -RRB- . The founder himself , Hari Seldon , is already long dead by the 2nd chapter but the plan he and his co-conspirators set in motion lingers on.Couple of problems are evident with the story and some suspension of disbelief is required to overcome them.First is the time scale in which the changes are set in . To put it simply , descend of parts of the galaxy encompassing hundreds of planetary systems into that sort of technological and scientific barbarism '' within mere 50 years is not belivable . Establishing a religion based on technology within 30 years after that is still kind of on the less belivable side but it depends strongly on the magnitude of the technological difference between barbarians '' and the foundationeers , so there is room for interpretation.Second is the technology itself . Nuclear fission has been known and used for 60 years and lost most of its appeal as the ultimate energy source of the future.In the meantime there has been countless ideas about alternative sources of energy much greater than fission and entirely possible -LRB- notably
 Imagine an empire so humongous it stretches across the Milky Way galaxy . Imagine a mathematical formula that can actually prove future events . Then imagine that formula predicts this galactic empire will soon crumble and a new dark ages lasting at least 30,000 years will follow.If you can imagine all that , you get the gist of Foundation by Isaac Asimov and the beginning of a highly regarded series of books in the science fiction genre.What happens next is a group of people try to find ways to circumnavigate , though not necessarily halt , the new approaching dark age.Asimov is n't for everyone , and I ca n't admit to loving his prose . But his ideas for plots are top notch . This book , and the series of books that follow it , are proof of this.Asimov 's writing is often considered too dense for the casual reader , and there 's some truth to this . If you like your science fiction with lots of action and ray guns and alien spaceships flying about , Asimov is n't for you . But if you like hard science fiction based upon hard , indepth science , this Asimov is probably right for you , especially the Foundation series .
 Foundation is a great book to read . The Foundation trilogy is a great series to read . That being said , there are little elements within the story that date some of the points of reference Asimov ascribes to his characters , but it 's actually charming to read the references to ` atomics ' , etc. . Asimov is a master at story-telling , and this series certainly helped to cement his reputation .
 I 'd like to begin this review by saying that I typically do n't particularly like most science fiction . In fact , I hate most of it . What Asimov did here was create an outline of continuity that seamlessly followed a logical progression , displayed memorable characters that begin and end as heroic figures , and never once does he insult the intelligence of the reader.The primary difference between Asimov and the Sci-Fi writers that I loathe so much , is that Isaac does not stoop to create melodrama ; he does n't exaggerate his descriptions or dialogue in order to convince the reader that the heroes are great , rather he let 's their actions demonstrate their greatness.The only thing that does bother me about Asimov , is how many terrible authors who have clearly attempted to emulate his ideas and writing style only to create abominations of thought and literature . I 'm looking at you , L.R.H.
 When I was a teenager , I was stunned by `` The End of Eternity '' . When later I started reading the Empire and Foundation novels , I was unpleasantly surprised by the style simplification that seemed to accelerate with every novel . Now , when I 've read them all , I think I understand what happened
 A science fiction book where the science is more political than technological . Psychology had advanced to the point where mathematical models of mass psychology could predict large group social behavior far into the future -LRB- rather like the meteorological models attempt to predict weather several days in advance -RRB- . The predictions in this case extended over several centuries and predicted the galaxy would undergo a dark age in which civilized learning and behavior would decrease and collected knowledge could be lost . A Foundation was formed at the far edge of the galaxy with the sole job of organizing and saving all knowledge . Since the book takes place over a long period of time we follow the adventures of several heroes involved with the Foundation 's effort to not only maintain knowledge -LRB- for the time when civilization will return -RRB- but to do so while maintaining peace . This was done first by creating a religion based on the fact that only the Foundation had technology , most importantly nuclear power . This source of power , needed by all , then became an object of worship , and priests were trained in how to present the dictates of the Foundation -LRB- Source of Power -RRB- as a reason for good behavior . When this sham began to fail , it was found that trade between the high tech Foundation and the low tech other nations was more profitable than war , and could maintain peace . This is the first book in a series of three , so most likely the next book tells how the trade idea worked out . Although my description does make it sound boring , I found it to be an interesting book , the politics of which sound familiar in today 's world - I may read the next in the series .
 Oh how avidly I read these long ago . Just ate them up . After learning Paul Krugman was influenced by theses novels , I had to read them again or so I thought . Dry though relevant ideas from a great mind ; two thirds through the first , not one dialog with a female or a child . Really ca n't go on .
 Quite simply , this is the one book I constantly bring up when asked , `` What 's your favorite book ? '' If I had to be stranded on a generational space voyage and could only bring one book , this would be it.The grand scheme of this is so vast it 's difficult to translate . But let 's say that it encompasses a future history spanning tens of thousands of years at it 's most crucial time - when the very fabric of its society is about to plunge into a dark age . Only one man can save it , Hari Seldon , by writing an Encyclopedia Galactica that will redirect the knowledge of mankind into a small group of scientists who can rebuild humanity in just a few thousand years.Epic in proprtion , brilliant in detail , this is a must read for anyone who not only savors the salt of Sci-fi literatue , but anyone who just wants to read the best of the best of any genre .
 Great book ! First in the series of three novels , all three are worth the read . I read all three in about two and half weeks . It might be interesting to read them in conjunction with Kuhn 's Structures of Scientific Revolutions . Every `` Seldon Crisis '' brings about a `` new world '' . Really fun stuff . Do n't miss out !
 I have nothing bad to say about this book . My 14 year old son read it , liked it , and he wants more . I am getting another Asimov book for him today.Read On !
 I enjoyed the Foundation . The book is divided into 5 parts . The most interesting of the 5 is the 3rd one . The end is not what i expected . The 5 parts overall are not particularly conected in my opinion . But the book was good .
 I Loved It ... Did n't You ??
 In my humble opinion , this is the best Foundation book and the best overall novel that Asimov ever wrote . It 's a work of genius ! There are two sections of the book . The first is a seemingly typical war story of the conflict between the Galactic Empire , led by a strong emporer and a firebrand general , and the dumb-luck , mediocre leadership of the Foundation . It illustrates how , under the Seldon plan , it is virtually impossible to defeat the Foundation . The second part is just phenomenal . Word spreads of a mighty mutant , the Mule , who is conquering the galaxy with unprecedented mental powers . The Foundation is astonished when they do n't beat him ; the Mule is the .001 % that the Seldon plan left room for and dismissed . The Foundation falls , and only a small group of hopefulls dare to go to the library of Trantor to find the Second Foundation and defeat the Mule . This book has it all ; plot twists , philosophy , and colorful , memorable characters . I highly recommend it .
 This series sets the standard for excellence . This demonstrates a master of the craft of writing . Asimov was brilliant and when he turned that intellect to writing , he created amazing works , none better than this .
 The Foundation Trilogy , one of the touchstones of Science Fiction , began as a magazine serial in John W. Campbell 's Astounding Science Fiction in November 1949 . Respective stories were gathered together into the three volumes
 Foundation was by far one of the best science fiction novels I have read . I especially loved his take on religion , and actually making a parody of it ! Through the Foundation 's organized religion , Asimov showed how science can possibly and really be equated with a new religion , or a set of superstitions and preternatural phenomenon . Asimov also showed how religion can sway the minds of the masses , as the subjucation of the Four Kingdoms illustrated . Asimov wrote his wonderful opus as a parallel of the Roman Empire , and the historical allusions show . However , there was something in the book that was surprisingly missing . There were no female characters ! Except for the Commdora of Korell , most of the figures holding real political , social , or economic power in this society of the future , thousands of years ahead , were male . I find this hard to believe . I reasoned , though , that because Foundation was written by Asimov in the 50s , during the `` Golden Age '' of SF , female characters were a scarcity in most science fiction anyway . There were no female writers of SF either . Other than this glaring omission , Asimov has done a brilliant job with Foundation .
 I can see why Issaac Asimov is consider the king of science fiction . To be honest this is the first book I read by him . When I read this book I was flabbergassed that this book was written back in the early fifties . He was so ahead of his time !!! I was amazed of how much this book was mostly all dialouge usually I would of been bored if the book was mostly dialouge but the theories in this book can they be all real one day !! The thought of psychohistory should be a considered science of future and politics . Most of the books I read that are consider science fiction I feel is mostly influence by this man . I know there are more to this series but after I read this book I felt I needed much time to absorb of what I just read because it was such a mind opening experience .
 Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy is seen as classic science fiction . Shockingly , Foundation is hardly a classic . Its theme of history repeating itself is drilled into the readers head . However , Foundation and Empire , the second book in the trilogy , continues with these themes with better fluency and character . `` The General '' continues with the stories of Foundation . General Bel Riose of the old empire tries to conquer the Foundation , and Asimov , once again , reassures that Hari Seldon 's plan can never go wrong . With this setup of reassurance and the death of the first empire , Asimov raises the reader 's hope that the Foundation will never fall.Immediately in `` The Mule '' Asimov rattles his audience with the fear that the Foundation , like the empire , will fall . The Mule , a mutant with psychic powers , was not seen by Seldon 's Plan . The conquest of the Foundation is unstoppable . The second part of the novel allows readers to actually know the characters . They are not just people who act , but we can see their motifs . The end of the book is supposed to have many plot twist that shock the reader , but with foreshadowing , many revelations are undermined . Bayta , one of the main characters , has a deep dread every time something happens with the Mule . This gives away the identity of the Mule.Foundation and Empire is a great read through its despair and hopelessness . It left me on the edge of my seat scrambling for the next book .
 ... The first book -LRB- excluding PRELUDE TO FOUNDATION -RRB- in a five-book series introduces the idea of pyschohistory . Pyschohistory is simply the mathematics and variables in predicting the general future since it can not predict an individual 's . Hari Seldon , pioneer of this revolutionary science has seen into the future where chaos will INEVITIABLY exist for thirty thousand years but with the triumph with each `` Seldon Crises '' they will be able to shorten the years by a millenium . Hari Seldon must rely on the future -LRB- Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow -RRB- to provide each step in shortening the amount of years . FOUNDATION covers the first 100 years of this chaotic period following the life of Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow , the key players in the book . Though somewhat lacking action and fast-pace suspense , it 's a very good book nonetheless . Asimov is able to find clever ways to conquer each `` Seldon crises '' so ingeniously that it makes up for the lack of action . Infact , Asimov writes with a `` cause and effect '' basis . The book also ends in a way leaving the reader somewhat satisfied yet will want to read the rest of the series.I recommend this book to sci-fi fans or anyone looking for a great read , but the lack of action can bore some . And altogether the series is also great to read .
 If you only read one sci-fi book this should be the one . Complex ideas delivered in a simple way , a great story written in an elegant style . I hunted down the hardback version because I know that this is one series I will want to re-read .
 It 's taken me quite a while to get around to reading this one , and I hesitate to review the first book of a trilogy when I have n't completed all 3 books , but I figured I 'd better get this one in while I can , as it may take me another 10 years to finish the series.I 'm surprised that it took me this long to finally read `` Foundation '' by Isaac Asimov , but I can say that I 'm glad I did . Actually , I did n't have high hopes going into it , as I am not a big fan of Asimov 's writing . While his technical approach is always entertaining , he tends to become very stilted and ham-fisted when it comes to characterization . It was this quality that turned me off of `` I Robot '' and almost got me to give him up completely ; however , seeing as the Foundation trilogy is regarded as a classic of the genre , I had to give it a shot.As everyone has said over and over -LRB- and I 'll do it , too -RRB- , the Foundation trilogy is a futuristic parallel of the fall of the Roman Empire and the following Dark Ages . Hari Seldon , father of Psychohistory , sees the writing on the wall and establishes the Foundation in order to buffer the fall of civilization and technology . The first book of the series , `` Foundation '' , does a good job of setting the stage for what is to come . The book is told in 5 parts , each one focusing on a different character or time period in the early history of the Galactic Empire 's fall . Surprising to me , Asimov actually does a fairly good job with his characterization . There 's very little melodrama , and the story is evenly paced , holding up pretty well for a tale begun in 1941 . The only complaints I have with the story are that the main characters always seem to be overly confident in themselves , as if they are holding all the cards and can easily handle any adversity while blindfolded -LRB- presenting a tense situation fails if the protagonist has no concern or doubt for how things will be resolved -RRB- . Also , as the different parts of the story skip a hundred years here , 30 years there , etc. , it may take some imagination on the reader 's part to develop a `` big picture '' of what the Empire is really going through . These are minor issues , however , and should not detract from enjoying the book.One last observation - I have noticed that Hari Seldon appears to be getting younger with each new printing of this book . My copy of `` Foundation '' from the early '80s , with cover art by Darrell Sweet , shows a decrepit , bent , wizened Seldon -LRB- as I feel he should look -RRB- . The next cover , by Michael Whelan from the early '90s , shows a more healthy and happy Seldon . The cover of the latest edition , shown on this page , features a Seldon who looks like he 's about to jump out of his wheelchair and punch you out . You have to love that artistic license ...
 Keep in mind
 `` Foundation '' by Isaac AsimovIn the distant future
 The foundation is setup to secretly monitor mankind through its darkest hours . It reminded me a little of Orwell 's 1984 . In placing humans away from the central government on a planet with few resources . They are forced to develop quickly . This is a novel more about political machinations than about action . The contradictions in human nature are here to analyze . The characters use guile , spirit , & cunning to survive . Some 80 % of the book is dialogue & the character development is a bit shallow . Nonetheless , Mr. Asimov portrays the future in poignant & diverse ways . The predicted conflict makes the story of galactic history entertaining , especially since this was written in 1951 . Some 7 years before Sputnik was launched . The author deserves praise for his imagination that was well ahead of his time .
 I personally enjoyed ever word of this particular work . Many other reviewers have gone into the plot , etc. so I will not do so here to any depth . This is one of those works of SiFi that will appeal to certain taste , while others may find it not to their liking . There is a great deal of politics -LRB- almost Pre WWI European -RRB- involved in the story line . As the story covers -LRB- all books included -RRB- over one thousand years , there are many , many characters to track and keep track of . This is indeed a series of short stories , all linked . I personally enjoy this sort of thing but can see where some might not . That being said , it , the book , can certainly be regarded as a classic in this particular genre and certainly should be read by any student of such . You certainly can not fault the author 's story telling ability and imagination . I enjoyed this one a lot and do highly recommend it .
 Foundation is an amazing story about the ingenuity of one man whose quests bring him to the brink of barbarism -- in a time a million years from now . Hari Seldon is the character we 'd all like to be , and Isaac Asimov is the writer we 'd all like to be . Definately five stars . I recommend for anyone with a likeness to math , history , or science , or anyone who has read anything by Asimov , Brin , or Bear .
 For its time ` Foundation ' by Isaac Asimov was a tale that predicted futurism as the calculation of the eventual outcome of each technological economic progression that mankind could , and would , go through , if it stuck to certain paths , especially the implementation of the concept that `` small is better '' with an economic drive that produces its best results when under stress , such as wartime . This model is pretty much the way the world works today with technology leaps made when there is a demand for it to do so and at no time is this demand greater than when a nation is faced with a possible crisis . Asimov 's ` Foundation ' is a story about a society of colonized scientists that have been chosen by Hari Seldon , the creator of psychohistory , who sees a crisis developing in the cosmic empire that can only be avoided if certain conditions are met for each impending emergency that is predicted through psychohistorical analysis . He sets up an off world colony at the unknown edge of the galaxy , the foundation , that goes through several generations , with each generation reaching a hidden ` Seldon crisis ' point that becomes the focus of several successive stories in the book . Futurism was actually an artistic movement originating in Italy around 1910 whose aim was to express the energetic , dynamic , and violent quality of contemporary life , especially as embodied in the motion and force of modern machinery . Nowadays it means to believe that the meaning of life and one 's personal fulfilment lie in the future and not in the present or past . Foundation symbolizes these ideas . Although not the most exciting or action packed SF you could read , is also somewhat limited in its SF feel , is more of a revelation of economics and is the kind of literary material that would impress the business and politically minded reader more than the seasoned SF reader . None-the-less this is still an important work that remains relevant today as it did in the early 50s , but the sequels might be a bit of a hard sell on the bases of this educational SF novel .
 I love this book and now fully understand why Asimov is considered one of the grandmasters of this genre . Over the years I have read a considerable amount of Science Fiction ; books ranging from military exploits to technological exploits , but never have I read one that I would consider high literature.In this book Asimov deals with issues such as religion , politics , economics and the control that they all grant in such a deft way that it in no way detracts from a riveting and page turning novel . Take , for instance this quote from page 210 . `` The religion we have is our all-important instrument toward that end . With it we have brought the Four Kingdoms under our control , even at the moment when they would have crushed us . It is the most potent device known with which to control men and worlds `` In regards to the power of economics `` The whole war is a battle between those two systems ; between the Empire and the Foundation ; between the big and the little . To seize control of a world , they bribe with immense ships that can make war , but lack all economic significance . We , on the other hand , bribe with little things , useless in war , but vital to prosperity and profits . '' - Pg . 231My one complaint is really based on a personal preference . I really enjoy a novel which has one central character that I can get to know and even identify with . I think that it helps to draw the reader into the story . However , Foundation covers several hundred years in just a couple hundred pages thereby making this impossible . This is a small point , but for me detracts slightly from the story.That said I adore this book and am eagerly looking forward to finishing out the series . If you have not read it then I say move it to the top of the list . This is truly one of the great SciFi stories of all time.Leave a comment below and let me know what you think !
 Foundation surprised me . I had been expecting dry , hardcore science fiction with hard to grasp worlds and characters . I could n't have been more wrong . Foundation takes politics , psychology , statistics and survival and showcases them in a galaxy far , far away.Time passes quickly in the novel , so you do n't get very attached to any of the characters . The focus is the big picture , the future , and the steps taken to prevent the coming anarchy . More than that , the focus is on the plot . Clean dialogue and a lack of heavy description keeps the plot constantly moving forward . The pace the plot progression sets makes the book very hard to put down . Foundation is a smart and easy read that deserves its label as being the best science fiction books of all time .
 A decent series , but none of the books really stood out for me . The first , as is usually the case , was the best . A very fascination premise .
 Foundation , and all the other books that complete the extense colection are wonderful . I remember when i read this book 8 years ago , and as you see i still love it . If you do n't want to read all the books of the series , you do n't have to do it , the saga of foundation it 's only three books -LRB- foundation , foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation -RRB- , but if you want to read a good , good , GOOD , GOOOOOOOOOOD series of books , read them all , you wo n't regret it . I really loved all this books .
 When I first read The Foundation book , I was pretty dissappointed and I did n't finish it . After about half a year , I 've tried to read it again and I started to like it . Finally , I liked it very much and it 's one of the best series I 've ever read . Asimov is a fabulous writer , no doubt .
 I admit it , I am an Asimov-phile . This is yet another book by Asimov that is very hard to put down . I rate this , and all of Asimovs books with the highest regard . Quite simply buy it now , or you are a fool . ; - -RRB-
 A nod to the greatness of this book , on a recent episode of Deep Space Nine , a group of genetically altered humans got together and used mathematical formulas to predict the outcome of the Dominion War . They went as far to go ahead thousands of years to predict the rise of a new Federation that would `` rule the Alpha quadrant for thousands of years . '' After just finishing the book , it finally hit me where they got that from . If only they would have given credit ...
 I just finished it today , and must say I was n't dissapointed . The movement in time for each section is very effective and interesting in moving the story . I found that at each part , the radical , the person immediately disliked , turns out to be the savior of the Foundation during that crisis . I 've been exposed to a lot of Science Fiction and while reading this book , I saw pieces of almost all of them in here . The Galactic Empire of StarWars originated here , the personal shields and the control of the spice guilds from Dune , to name a few . I must say , in my humble opinion , Foundation deserves the high placing as one of Science Fiction 's greatest works .
 This book , the first in a series , is all about the origination of the Foundation , an orginization based on the idea to shorten the period of decay of the galactic Empire . Everyone who likes Prelude to Foundation MUST read this .
 I certainly do not sound quite as intellectual as other people who have reviewed this novel . All I have to say is that I found this book extremely interesting and thrilling . When my teacher recommended this book to me , I was skeptical , however , Foundation turned out to be one of the best books I ever read and I ca n't wait to read the other ones . Psychohistory and Hari Seldon rock ! Whoever does n't read this book is missing out on one of the best ever .
 -LRB- If Amazon allowed fractional reviews , I would have given 3.5 -RRB- While I enjoyed `` Foundation '' and found some of the concepts intriguing , it seems that Asimov had a lot of maturing to do as a writer at this point . The characters do n't seem to really reach me the way they should , but one has to bear in mind that this book is actually a collection of shorter stories published in serial format , and the writer could not be bothered too much with deep character development . I still reccomend this book , in part because it leads into the rest of the series , which tends to improve stylistically as the books advance . However overrated `` Foundation '' may be , it firmly holds ground simply because it is so integral to the foundation trilogy and subsequent additions .
 Asimov takes the reader on a journey that is thought provoking and entertaining . It 's probably his best work of all the foundation series . '' Foundation and Empire '' is one of those books that you simply can not put down .
 I have just read all the volumes in the `` Foundation '' series . Because the basic ideas of society and its control -LRB- `` psychohistory , '' `` Foundation , `` Gaia '' -RRB- are cleverly and skillfully constructed , I could grasp these highly abstract ideas much easyly . Forever Asimov 's Galactic genious ! Of course this series planned as an entertainment , it can be recommended to the academician , who has his/her major in social science or its related area .
 This book does not need action to be great . Mr. Asimov was a profound writer . I do NOT mean swears or grownup matters . His words go beyound the sci-fi plot . This is why I give it five stars . This book may be hard to follow . This is because Mr. Asimov wrote it in sections for a magizine . Just be patient an you will lovvvve it .
 Before `` Foundation '' i 'd read somes short-storys from Asimov , so i become insterested in his style . And what can i say now about this book ? Really is a excelent piece of scifiction
 This book is the best book I have ever read . Issac Asimov shows off his expertise in what is probably the best series ever . Hari Seldon is a psychohistorian and can predict the future . He sees the impending collapse of the Empire and establishes two Foundations to prevent that .
 Foundation details the fall of the Galatic Empire and rise of an island in the midst of desolation - the Foundation . Not full of starship battles , but I have never seen a more clever story in its use of thought . The three Seldon crisises and the solutions have an intellectual beauty to them in that 1 -RRB- the crisises are believable and 2 -RRB- the solutions are also believeable and in retrospect obvious . I have noticed this about other Asimov books , espically `` The Stars , like Dust , '' and it is my favorite part of his style . Very higly recommended .
 This book is a highly cereberal study of history . I you want a lot of action look somewhere else . -LRB- I suggest David Drake or S.M. Sterling -RRB- If you want something to ponder this is the book . Asimov 's ideas have been borrowed by other works so some of it will not seem new . The science is somewhat dated -LRB- nucleur light bulbs and economical transmutation -RRB- . This book does give an excellent veiw of the forces of history . If you want to understand what causes nations to fall read this book . Just do n't expect Star Wars style entertaiment .
 Foundation is a good book , but is only a must read because the 2 books , Foundation 's Edge and Foundation and Earth , are must-reads . It 's a shame that few lists of his books include Foundation and Earth , but if you like science fiction , that is the best novel ever .
 this is the first book i read by asimov . of the 7 books in the `` trilogy '' , i found it the most gripping . -LRB- this is where i start to digress and spell words wrong -RRB- i am happy that i read it before the books that he wrote after but take place before the action in this one . i believe that the first two books ruin some of the suspense in later novels . ah , the book ... my first venture into sci-fi , and i am so greatful that i took it . although it is in the future , i never got the impression that it was unrealistic . well , i hope i helped . live well and for yourself .
 Unlike a lot of other sci-fi books , Asimov has the ability to include not only the sense of futuristic complications and inventions , he has the unrivaled ability to also include a dramatic and intense showing of personal interactions , which is what makes him such a master.Its more than an idea , Asimov makes it a story . Great book and possibly the best of the three foundation novels .
 Get this book ! One thing that may help is that the farsighted hero , Hari Seldon , sets up a plan that supposedly needs no individuals to make it work , forces of humanity and all that , but the stories repeatedly show the importance of individuals . If you know this ahead of time , you will appreciate each story even more .
 Asimov , remember , wrote this initially as a series of short stories for a sci-fi magazine . Only later were the stories combined as a book . That is why of course no great character development occurs and the stories seem tidbits rather than grand scale work . Granted there is not much science in the book , but I have always felt that sci-fi is a form of fiction to allow the author to write freely on a subject and be able to mask what he is really talking about . Think about it , change the story to another world and have strange names for planets and suddenly nobody sees it as an attack against their country or their people . I have also felt science fiction to be more political than science -LRB- even though we call it science fiction -RRB- . Politics are immense in Foundation and the style of having conversations to tell the story vs. having lots of action and space battles is fantastic . I read this first when I was 18 and did not appreciate what Asimov is trying to do . At 39 , I get it . Asimov is looking at society in general and commenting that no society can be perfect and ideal and all wonderful and that dirty tricks and greed and compromise and working with others -LRB- including our enemies -RRB- is the only way a society can survive and the rest is simply propaganda . It 's a direct attack against all societies that foster the idea that we 're the best and the greatest and we stand for freedoms and love of country . Instead he states that what all societies become are survivors finding their strengths to counteract the enemies weaknesses . It 's a great reality check which is why this should be required reading for all political science majors .
 Asimov participated in American science fiction 's golden age , helping to convert pulp fantasy stories into realistic predictions of the future based on current science . It isremarkable that he wrote the Foundation while a young man , barely 20 I believe , a work with grand themes and the cornerstone of his massive and sprawling future history of mankind , which I believe went into more than 50 volumes . The basic plot is that a scientists created a new discipline , psycho-statistics I believe , that could predict the future behavior of huge masses of humans . He then attempts tomold - or at least influence - man 's fate over the next 30,000 years . What is truly amazing is that Asimov succeeds in this and the two following volumes . In a way , he should have stopped here with the series . The ideas are crisp and not yoked into a determined framework , so are fresh with lively characters . Later novels in the series - the overwhelming majority - feel more stilted , bound by concepts more than by a plain old good story.A sci fi classic .
 I liked Star Wars . But for those of us who knew and loved the Foundation trilogy as one of the greatest masterpieces in all of science fictiondom , it was galling to hear the misplaced accolades heaped on the movie lauding its originality.Asimov 's seminal universe was created decades before Lucas 's derivative one , and Lucas shamelessly lifted whole passages of ideas , themes and settings from Asimov . The idea of a galactic empire ; the conflict between an established empire and a fledgling but vital upstart ; a world-girdling city at the heart of galactic government ; a noble elite with incredible mental powers ; a mysterious antagonist possessing the same mental powers but directed towards dark conquest ; even the robots are there -LRB- albeit from a different Asimov source -RRB- . I mention these things not to disparage Star Wars but to elevate Asimov . Today , it is too easy to forget just how original and inspiring the Foundation trilogy was when it first appeared in print . In the intervening decades , lesser imitators have copied , twisted and diluted the original story so often that its brilliance has been buried under mountains of mediocre muck.This trilogy has so much going for it that it is hard to know where to begin . For one thing , it is tautly written . Asimov would tend towards bombast later in life , but not here . For another , it sustains bold visions and landscapes of truly cosmic proportions . It also strikes the right note in setting the lives of a group of protagonists against a backdrop of immense historical forces . In so doing , it attains the weight of epic.Mostly , it astounds us with the sheer power of its imagination . I have already alluded to its many firsts , but it is what Asimov does with these firsts - the subtle way he folds them into the very substance of his story - that distinguishes this work . Take the theme of psychohistory . Asimov coined this term for his premise that all of human behaviour is reducible to a complex set of mathematical equations . He translates this abstraction into a storyline that is so compelling that we never think to question the outlandishness of his premise.This is science fiction at its finest
 This book is a well written science fiction classic . While not a major action-adventure story like many science fiction novel really makes you think about the plot , the characters , and all of humanity.It is truly one of the best scienc fiction books I have ever read and encouraged me to read the whole , equally enthralling , series .
 Foundation is the first book of Isaac Asimov 's aptly named Foundation Trilogy . Foundation presents the premise that when examining large enough populations of people it becomes possible to predict their behavior stochastically -LRB- and sociologists become statisticians -RRB- . The great psychologist of the day , Dr. Seldon , finds from his statistical data that there is going to be a great social collapse ; and he creates two colonies -LRB- or foundations -RRB- that are designed to shorten the period of chaos the universe will experience before a renaissance occurs . Without giving too much away , this novel is the story of the early years of one Foundation and its ' experiences with the universe around them . This book makes one wonder just how much people act of their own volition and exactly to what extent we are all the same . Is it possible to predict the behavior simply by examining a large group ? Another interesting sub-theme with this book that I found extremely interesting is that eventually there wo n't be any original thoughts ; the example given is of archeology ; the archeologists of Seldon 's age assumed that there was no point in examining ruins ; they simply read books written by the archeologists of earlier generations ; it was assumed that there was nothing else to find . As people explore , explain , create , and discover more and more of the universe , will there eventually come a time that there is nothing else to find ?
 The books in Asimov 's universe are by far the best scifi to date . I enjoyed the Foundation and Robot books so much I collected all 45 books that are set in the Foundation universe , written by Asimov and other authors . While not all authors live up to Asimov , their contribution allows his loyal fans a chance to slip back into the universe he created . If anyone is interested in Scifi books , the Foudnation series is a wonderful place to start .
 Folks , till foundation happened to me , I had for some inexplicable reasons never got introduced to world of science fiction -LRB- SF -RRB- . -LRB- unless you call hitchhikers guide to galaxy as one -RRB- Based on influence of the die hard coterie of Asimov 's fans , I decided to start my journey with Foundation ... and I have really found it cool stuff ... worth reading and excellent investment of time ... since it rejuvenates you with fascinating ideas and terrific narrative . Looking forward to picking up the next one .
 I would recommend this series to anyone . Asimov is a great writer , who 's very prolific -LRB- He 's written over 400 books ! -RRB- This is the start of his Foundation series which is a well-developed series detailing the fall of a Galactic Empire and one man 's attempt to shorten the dark ages that are to come after the fall . For those of you who like hard sci-fi this is the series for you .
 Still a great classic ! Got to read the rest of the series now . Why do they make me type more words for a review than I feel like saying at Amazon ?
 I 'd say that you will probably be a bit lost if you do n't start with foundation and plan to continue with second foundation after this book . Reading this as a stand alone would be a bit like reading Tolkien 's two towers without having started at the beginning of the series . You could probably do it and get something from the story , but the beauty of the foundation series is that it is a series telling one coherent story . This book shows it 's age with some of the technology it discusses , but it is also vividly imaginative and full of timeless lessons .
 If you pick this book up , i would plan on getting the rest of the series . I decided not to start with the prequel , but with what are considered to be some of Asimov 's best novels . I am currently on second foundation , the third book in the series , and i am looking forward to finding out what happens next . I ca n't remember any other book that i 've ever read that covers such a large time span in the way that this book does . Characters are introduced , they play their parts and then fade into history as a new set of characters is introduced . As a fairly well read individual i would recommend these books to anyone .
 Foundation and Empire is the second volume in Isaac Asimov 's Foundation series . Originally published as two novellas , Foundation and Empire the novel is made up of `` The General '' and `` The Mule '' . In `` The General '' , as the Galactic Empire crumbles , General Bel Riose launches an attack on the Foundation . Although the Foundation is theoretically stronger than the Empire , General Bel Riose has access to greater resources and personnel and so his attack does begin to threaten the Foundation . A Foundation citizen named Devers intercepts a communication that details the General 's double dealings and attempts to escape to Trantor so that he can show the communication to the Emperor and hopefully stop the attack . `` The Mule '' is set roughly one hundred years after `` The General '' . The Empire has crumbled , Trantor has been sacked by invaders , and most of the galaxy has split into barbaric factions . Due to its extensive trading routes , the Foundation is now the major power in the galaxy . Until , that is , a new threat arises in the form of a growing army of barbarians led by a mysterious individual known as the Mule . Once it is discovered that Hari Seldon has failed to predict the existence of the Mule , Foundation citizens Toran and Bayta Darell , along with psychologist Ebling Mis and a refugee clown named Magnifico Giganticus , travel the galaxy attempting to locate the Second Foundation that had been established by Seldon.Although a much darker and more intense book , Foundation and Empire is an excellent follow up to Foundation . Asimov 's writing is excellent as ever , with his descriptions of the alien worlds and his characterisations being particularly strong . The whole Foundation series is fantastic and Foundation and Empire is further proof that Isaac Asimov is one of the greatest science fiction writers of all time .
 Foundation , a collection of five short stories , is the first book in Isaac Asimov 's epic century-spanning science fiction masterwork known as the Foundation Series.The first of the collected stories , `` The Psychohistorians '' , takes place on Trantor , the capital planet of the 12000 year old Galactic Empire . Mathematician Hari Seldon has developed a new science known as psychohistory which equates are possibilities in large societies to mathematics , allowing him to predict long-term outcomes . Using his psychohistory , Seldon discovers that the Galactic Empire is decaying and that it will collapse within 500 years , the collapse being followed by a 300000 year period of barbarism in the galaxy . When his findings are declared to be high treason , Seldon and a group of hand-picked scientists agree to go into exile on the planet Terminus , where they intend to create a mammoth Encyclopaedia Galactica as the repository for all human learning . In this way they hope to limit the period of chaos that will inevitably follow the collapse of the Empire.In `` The Encyclopaedists '' , having progressed 50 years into the future , the planet Terminus is facing its first Seldon Crisis . The Foundation on Terminus is caught in the middle of a power struggle between four neighbouring planetary systems and the scientists are ill-equipped to deal with military matters . Luckily , Mayor Salvor Hardin is quick to realise the danger and attempts to work out a solution . Hardin receives guidance as to the way forward for the Foundation from an image of the now deceased Hari Seldon that appears in a specially created Time Vault and confirms that psychohistory has predicted a series of crises that will occur on Terminus . `` The Mayors '' takes place 30 years later when the Foundation has used its scientific knowledge as the basis for a pseudo religion that keeps neighbouring planets in order . However , the Prince Regent of Anacreon seeks to overthrow the Foundation and so Salvor Hardin is once again called upon to avert a Seldon Crisis.In `` The Traders '' another 55 years have passed and a trader by the name of Limmar Ponyets is sent to the planet Askone to retrieve a fellow trader who is facing execution . The leaders of Askone are determined to avoid contact with , and contamination by , Foundation technology so Ponyets must employ devious methods to secure the release of his colleague.The final story is `` The Merchant Princes '' . The Foundation has expanded and grown powerful through the use of its science religion and economics but three Foundation vessels have recently disappeared in the vicinity of Korell , a civilisation trying to develop their own variety of technical superiority . Trader Hober Mallow is sent to uncover information on their technology and hopefully find the missing ships.Foundation is clearly an epic undertaking , especially since anyone who reads this first book is pretty much guaranteed to want to progress on to the further books in the series , but it is well worth the effort . The Foundation Series is perhaps more esoteric that Asimov 's Robot Series but is still a rewarding read . The characters , planets and indeed empires that Asimov has created are truly immense and his storytelling ability is outstanding . Foundation is a fantastic book by one of the greatest science fiction writers of all time .
 I had n't read this since I was a teenager . I had forgotten what an excellent writer and fantastic mind Isaac Asimov was . It was refreshing to see character and idea development that kept my interest and actually made me think . Read this and enjoy all Asimov was to the Science Fiction genre .
 Isaac Asimov is an exception author in any genre , he just happens to write in science fiction . His Foundation novels are at the apex of classic science fiction . If you are going to read only one book in this genre then this is the one to choose . The universe he creates is so vivid that the book is difficult to put down . In case you could n't tell ... I am a fan !
 As is all Issac Asimov Novels this is good reading ! The 4 star rating is that the story does not seem to come to a complete end , I did expect more .
 In a preface written in 1982 for a volume collecting the original `` Foundation '' trilogy , Asimov recalled the sources of inspiration for the series and boasted , `` Why should n't I write of the Galactic Empire and of the return of feudalism ... ? After all , I had read Gibbon 's ` Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire ' not once , but twice . `` Edward Gibbon 's influence is certainly obvious in `` Foundation . '' A galactic empire , centered in Trantor -LRB- a celestial Rome -RRB- , is on the verge of collapse . During the Dark Ages that follow , the surviving remnants at the extreme borders of the galaxy initially maintain control by creating a religion that hides scientific knowledge behind theological mysteries and by training a caste of priests to monopolize this learning . Asimov , however , goes beyond the period covered by Gibbon -LRB- who ended his masterwork with the age of the Crusades -RRB-
 Asimov 's Golden Age classic Foundation Trilogy is one of the early milestones of the science fiction genre . This second installment is less episodic than the first volume , focusing on just two specific stories . The first volume , `` Foundation '' , sets up the whole idea of the Seldon Plan , a mathematically based view of sociopolitical forces that enables one brilliant scientist to grow a new galactic empire from a foundation of one hundred thousand scientists and their families . `` Empire '' starts off in the same vein , showing how the Foundation staves off annihilation at the hands of the currently decaying , but still dangerous Galactic Empire . Once again , the magic of this section is the subtle means by which the Foundation overcomes impossible odds , and the convincing arguments Asimov uses to make the solution seem inevitable . Part Two involves an internal struggle between the Foundation 's authoritarian central government and the Independent Traders who spread that government 's economic power . While the Foundation is threatened with civil war , the rise of a new warlord on Kalgan poses a danger to the entire human race.Because each story is substantially longer than those in Foundation , this volume focuses more on individual characters . In fact , it is not too much to say that a major theme is the historical question , `` Do individuals matter ? '' As a result , the characters are developed slightly more , and there 's even a wistful love triangle , and considerably more action than was featured in the first volume , which tended to be distant and impersonal . If you liked Foundation , you 'll surely enjoy this and the climax to the series , Second Foundation.Although these books will strike many as hopelessly dated , Asimov 's sweeping historical vision should not be missed by any fans of speculative fiction . They have a directness and honest charm about them that is rare in contemporary science fiction . Later additions to this series , both sequels and prequels , do n't adhere to the tone of these original novels , and really add very little except bulk .
 If you have the patience to read the first 100 pages you 'll not be able to put this book aside.The first time I read this book I was 14 . I 've probably read it a dozen times by now . The plot is extremely good . The outcomes of every event -LRB- since the group leaves Trantor -RRB- are surprising , the way the main heroes solve the problems are exciting and satisfying -LRB- to me at least -RRB- . The good amount of dialogues keeps the book from becoming boring and overly descriptive.Asimov 's imagination is as yet unsurpassed !
 The classic Foundation trilogy continues on pace in this second installment . The first half of this book is rather flat with uninspiring political wrangles and a story of the Empire 's last general who is defeated by the Foundation and is never mentioned again . This episode has little effect on the overall flow of the story and is a curious piece of filler in this otherwise strong trilogy . However , the second half of this book , taking place many decades later , more than makes up for it . Here we learn that Hari Seldon 's once flawless predictions on the course of humanity throughout the galaxy are starting to break down , because of the passage of huge amounts of time and the introduction of an unforeseen variable . This variable is a mutant known as The Mule , who has strange mental powers that are outside the realm of Seldon 's psychohistory and throw his ancient predictions out of whack . Soon both the Foundation and the Empire are in ruins , and barbarism reigns throughout the galaxy . Only the mysterious Second Foundation , which has not been heard from since Seldon 's day , can possibly help . Whether or not the Second Foundation can save the galaxy from the dark ages , and whether this is all really a part of Seldon 's plan after all , are questions that arise in this book but are not answered . Thus we have an excellent intellectual cliffhanger that gives a great reason to continue to the third installment of the trilogy.There are two strange occurrences in this book that speak volumes on the time period in which Asimov wrote it , that being the 1940 's . First , there is a prominent female character in this book , which was nearly unheard of in the sci-fi of that area . Furthermore , Asimov writes as if this is an amazing occurrence , and other characters are shocked and uncomfortable with this woman 's status as an `` equal '' among the male characters around her . This sure seems strange today . Was Asimov slyly commenting on the state of women 's rights back in mid-century , or did he think he was making a grand statement about the future ? Either way , the sentiment is oddly outdated and even more oddly takes place in the distant future of humanity , where I would hope things would have progressed . Finally , in the second-to-last line of the book , Asimov inserts a rather sick dirty joke through the use of a sly double entendre -LRB- the key word is `` mule '' -RRB- . . Back in 1952 Asimov probably thought he was making a goofy in-joke to his learned friends that would not be caught by the general public . If that 's the case , the joke in question seems extremely silly and predictable today , and brings the book to a close that is rather difficult to take seriously .
 Normally I need lots of action and suspense to keep me interested in a book . This book had some level of suspense -LRB- not like Koontz 's , The Watcher -RRB- but focused more on the growth of the main character . Very intriguing plot that had me wondering what was going to happen next . I liked it enough to read the next two books in the series .
 I had read Foundation when I was in High School and I decided to revisit the book later . Last summer I revisited the book and by the end of the summer I had read all of the books in the series . Asimov had combined 3 series into one leading to 15 -LRB- ? -RRB- books . I ca n't remember how many I read . I even checked out the Foundation books written by `` the Killer B 's . '' Read this book . It is a pillar of Sci-fi as is his `` I , Robot . '' There is a reason that these books were in contention with Tolkien for the Sci-fi series of the century . Foundation is a wonderful starting point for an engaging series.If you decide to read the `` series . '' Understand that he took 3 different series , his robot series , foundation series , and the empire series and combined them to create a vision of future history . Few authors have tried to create a series in such a grand scale and Asimov is the master of grand scale . Only the empire series -LRB- which is currently out of print -RRB- feels outdated . Yet , all parts must be read to truly enjoy the second foundation trilogy.If you want to get your feet wet with Asimov , start here or with his `` I , Robot . ''
 Besides his Robot stories and novels , Foundation stands as oneof the greatest science fiction novel written by the late IsaacAsimov.By mixing properly the future , humanity and the sociopoliticaldevelopment of our race on a galactic span using the decline ofthe Roman Empire as a base , Asimov tells us a story of one man ` sstruggle and the product of its stubborness in following stories.This book is a must for anyone , genre fan or not , I guaranteeyou will read it more than once in your lifetime .
 The Foundation series is Sci-Fi 's grandest and most accessible epic . Asimov 's writing style focuses on the story , not the jargon , so you never get bogged down . The hero is Hari Seldon , who is able to scientifically predict the future -LRB- do n't ask how -RRB- , and he knows that the vast Galactic Empire is soon headed for the dustbin of history ... Hari , the prophet that he is , endeavors to shorten the time before another Galactic Empire can restore civilization to 1,000 years instead of 10,000 or 20,000 ... surely a worthy goal . This book will amaze you , will excite you and have you wanting more . It 's fun and thoughtful at the same time ... And , IMHO , these books get even better later on in the series.This book , which is later linked to the Robots series , may also be one of the most influential sci-fi books ever . -LRB- The galactic empire of Dune shares a lot of similarities -RRB- ... Great stuff from the Grandmaster !
 Isaac Asimov captivates the reader in this book , the `` unofficial '' start to the Foundation series . The story revolves around 3 major characters , Hari Seldon , a famous psychohistorian and predictor of the Empire 's demise , Salvor Hardin , mayor of Terminus , home planet of the foundation , and Hober Mallow , a Master Trader who rises through the ranks . I found the 3 separate yet interweaving storylines appealing , much like The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury but not nearly as divided . Each character has their own opinion in how to accomplish a goal and presents each in a logical and realistic way . The thing that 's amazing about the Foundation is that it does n't have to rely on epic battles , hyperdetailed sensory imagery , or ridiculously long monologues by static , stereotypical characters . The characters are real , they get afraid , they make mistakes , and they change throughout the story . The writting is paced just perfectly so that it does n't tire you out yet it provides enough details about any given situation . Asimov is a literary genius and I ca n't recommend the whole Foundation series enough to anyone who just has a little free time on their hands . And remember , `` Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent '' - Salvor Hardin
 I always liked Asimov , but finding series books in sequence is difficult with print books . Kindle makes it easy ! Now they 're all cataloged in order and I do n't even have to get out of bed for the next one.Reading the `` Foundation '' series in order rather than by availability makes a great writer even better .
 All I can say , for warm start , is that Isaac Asimov is a genius . Acclaimed Hugo Award winner , he really makes you feel a part of the future , as he proves to be a genius not only in a robot way of thinking , but also in politics , economy , religion , mass manipulation and , of course , in every way that makes a human , human . And I am pretty sure this characteristic of him is really connected to his also great robotics series.Imagine yourself in the future . Now imagine yourself in a further future where you are studying the chronology of the future . Remember your history classes in school ? Yeah , that 's where he 's taking you . Analyzing the Galactic Empire from a distant and omnipotent way of view , he sets a pattern in the development of mankind that repeats itself various and various times , that 's why this book could be written set in Middle Age . But it is n't and that 's one of the most fascinating things about it.Everything starts when Hari Seldon , a famous psychohistorian - a new science developed by himself based in history , statistics and mathematics - predicts the fall of the Galactic Empire . To save mankind from thousands years of darkness and restart , he suggests setting a new colony at the fringe of the Galaxy - Terminus System - to develop the greatest literacy work of history and regroup all knowledge ever acquired
 Clever twists , incredible imagination , and a fun , quick read . Some of Asimov 's ideas of future civilizations invoke awe even decades later . My only complaint is that the reader only gets to experience each generation for a single chapter , so character development is tricky and brief . Not as good as Ender 's Game , but still worth reading .
 This is one of those books that you just ca n't put down . I read this one in record time . A great read , and highly recommended .
 The Foundation Trilogy is a `` trilogy '' of thirteen books . This review will mainly talk about book one . The Foundation , a group of scientists and engineers writing a galactic encyclopedia , starts before book one takes place . The prologue is about an apparently irrelevant person . Nonetheless , I think it is important to read the beginning because it sets up the story . The main story takes place much later , when the actual Foundation is formed at the edge of the galaxy . This entire group of people are the main character , though at time other people take the spotlight.During the book , challenges arise to meet the Foundation , and at each challenge , the Foundation uses a different and unique method of dealing with the task at hand . As the book progresses , the Foundation gets more and more technology , while the empire at the center of the galaxy dies away . The Foundation was created to start a new empire after the old empire is destroyed . To make sure this would happen , Harry Seldon used psychohistory to predict the future and lock the foundation in a path that will reach its goal.I think that this book should only be absorbed by people in college or beyond because it has very advanced ideas .
 Foundation And Empire , by Isaac Asimov is the second book in the original Foundation trilogy , which won a Hugo Award in 1965 for Best All-Time Series . It follows much the same narrative structure as the first book , Foundation , save that the book has only two ` books ' , to the original 's five , which allows for less epic scene setting , and much more character development . And do n't let some of the books ' critics fool you . The characterizations in these books are wonderful , deep , and complex . They simply are not done in the usual ways . They use a characterization style I term ` silhouetting ' , wherein characters are portrayed not so much by what they do as the important things they do not do , or that which is not described in ` on stage ' actions . This book , though , is not merely a continuation of the first book , but an expansion of its themes , which includes some more detailed characterization.The first book set up the history of a senescent galactic Empire on the verge of tottering into oblivion and thirty thousand years of barbarism . A scientist named Hari Seldon attempts to shorten that Imperial interregnum by establishing two Foundations on either end of the galaxy , ostensibly to compile an Encyclopedia Galactica . In reality these two Foundations will be the cornerstones of the Second Empire , which Seldon 's Psychohistory - a deterministic pseudoscience , predicts will cut the interregnum down to s ingle millennium . By the first book 's end the first Foundation , on the planet Terminus , has survived several ` Seldon Crises ' via his holographic intervention , which helps the Foundation outwit its enemies , and the work of legendary leaders - Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow , and a few centuries in to its existence seems poised to actually take on and destroy the ruined Empire.This is where Foundation And Empire starts ... the book is relatively easy to get into - even if you 've not read the first book . That 's because Asimov 's style of the pseudo historical work allows for quick recaps -LRB- in the old movie serial vein -RRB- , and the fact that each chapter within each book has new characters and situations means that they can stand alone , even as they add to the overall tapestry . Asimov also makes a wise dramatic choice in The Mule section . By spending a book and a half showing Psychohistory 's upside , and proving its internal ` validity ' , the second half of Foundation And Empire shows the downside of lulling oneself into a false sense of security , as well the consequences that coyuld await the Foundation if it falls the same way the Empire did . The funereal descriptions of Trantor contrast vividly with the awesome complexity that opens the first book of the trilogy . Then , the Empire seemed impervious . Yet , Asimov is so good a writer that he rarely lapses into caricature . Even The Mule is sympathetic , when we understand his drive to prove himself . Even more interesting is that he seems no worse than the old Emperors , nor even the dynastic heirs of the current Foundation . With his powers his Second Empire might even be better than the Seldonian one . Yet , lacking an heir - due to his sterility . and his own powers , it would seem likely that even greater chaos would befall the galaxy upon his death.This begs the question that seems to be central to the trilogy
 Asimov 's Foundation books are well-crafted , masterfully imagined , and peopled with fascinating characters . Spanning some several thousand years , and multiple generations of characters -LRB- often more than one per book -RRB- , the author does a fantastic job keeping each set unique and captivating . The stories follow the progression of Psychohistory , a technique for predicting the future behavior of masses of people , and the people set up to use its information to further the birth of a greater galactic empire . Space battles , intrigue , mutants , telepathy and mind control , as well as personal triumphs and failures run throughout all the novels . They are , in my opinion , among the best crafted series in the sci-fi genre ever produced .
 What else can one possibly say about one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written ?? A terrific beginning to a beginning series . I can hardly wait to read the rest of them .
 For those of you who would like to read the Foundation story in it 's entirety , from beginning to end , chronologically , then I suggest following this course . There are 14 books in the series ! In the end , it was R. Daneel Olivaw who designed and created the Trantorian empire in the first place , and so the robot novels -- which introduce the cradle world of Earth before the dawn of the empire -- come before the Foundation Trilogy : The Caves of Steel , The Naked Sun , The Robots of Dawn , Robots and Empire , Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph , Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation , Foundation 's Edge , Foundation and EarthNow some of you might not recommend that one read the Second Trilogy before the first . True , but they come chronologically BEFORE the first Foundation Trilogy ! I do recommend that you at least read Foundation 's Edge and Foundation and Earth AFTER you have read the second trilogy -LRB- Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph -RRB- because the subjects in the last two -LRB- chronological -RRB- books are more interesting that way . Note also that I do not consider Asimov 's early `` Empire '' novels to apply to the Foundation series . Interesting that they were included in Foundation 's Triumph , but not relevant . It was cheesy in my opinion that the `` time machine '' was included in that story and then not even used for any practical purpose . Again , another plot-joiner there -LRB- Triumph was filled with them ! -RRB- . So , 14 books in all , in my estimation . The three galactic empire books are so cheesy , just do n't read them ... nothing to do with Foundation at all .
 In reviewing the book Foundation I am recommending that you read all of the Foundation books by Asimov . Just get started and read them all . Even though each book can be read individually , do yourself a favor and read them in order . I wo n't be reviewing any other books in the series . I want you to do the whole series.One of the most interesting ideas that Asimov gives us is the ultimate form of self defense . No , it is n't karate or jiu jitsu , boxing or wrestling . It 's touching the other person 's mind.There are enough circles within circles , things that are n't what they seem to be , surprises that put the theories into a cocked hat , to keep you on your toes.Don ' t deprive yourself of the best sci fi series ever written .
 I have no idea why I had n't read this series until now . Isaac 's way of progressing the story through so many people is amazing . This one was a great start to the series . Setting the `` Foundation '' -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- for the rest of this 1,000 year story . IF your a fan of anything Sci-Fi you will definitely love this book . : -RRB-
 A brilliant , original story that shows how ahead of his time Asimov truly was . The premise and scope of this novel are staggering and the plot develops at a blistering pace . You will not be able to put this book down once you start . The only minor critique I have of this book is that , as a series of novellas that continually advance into the future , characters you have grown to care about are quickly whisked away and replaced by new ones . Therefore , it is helpful to approach this book as a set of separate , though interconnected stories . When all is said and done , this book sets the stage for one of the greatest sci-fi series of all time . Complete with larger-than-life characters , unforgettable twists and suprises , this book is sure to satisfy any who have an interest in science fiction . Highly recommended .
 I have read almost all of Asimov 's fiction , and this book is by far one of the best . I would recommend it to anyone interested!Boom , Done.-Jeremy Paul Gallagher
 I first read this in the early 80 's when I was a teen , and I was blown away by the economic theory . I just reread it , great short story 's . The story of the galactic empire is very interesting .
 This book it simply one of the best science fiction stories ever written . It should be on the `` must read '' list for any sci-fi fan .
 At first do not be dismayed by the beginning . It explodes into a fantastic , imaginative book . It is one of the best I have ever read . It got me addicted to his novels . I loved it !
 I 've read it 4 times , and each one is still amazing and i discover lots of new things . Read it , and continue with the rest of the trilogy .
 that just says it all . i real this book when i was about 10 , and it opened up a whole new world for me . buy it . read it . for those of you who thought it was boring , you are simple-minded fools .
 Foundation has been called by science-fiction lovers all over the world as a cornerstone for science fiction . Isaac Asimov 's all time best , this book tells the tale of the crumbling of the Galactic Empire and is only the beggining of a 7-book series . The way Asimov uses the analogy of the Fall of the Roman Empire has pleased readers for decades . Asimov tells the story of a planet alone at the edge of the galaxy awaiting a future already planned for it . Leaders struggle for the planets survival , for this planet , Terminus , holds the future of the Human Race in its hands . Isaac Asimov tells the thrilling tells the thrilling tale of human survival in an environment that is against it .
 Some people have said that they read the prelude and went on to foundation . You will probably be mixed up because you skipped a book !!! AFTER READING PRELUDE TO FOUNDATION READ FORWARD THE FOUNDATION and then jump on to the classic book that started it all .
 The day this book -LRB- and its sequels -RRB- fell on my hands , i felt my eyes opened up . I could ` t believe someone on this planet would ever write such an amazing , inteligent a so enjoyable story . You MUST read it , otherwise , you would be missing half of the galaxy . Trust me . Enjoy it .
 `` Foundation '' is a must . Even if your taste is for other styles , Asimov 's `` future history '' has rightly become part of the science fiction canon of great books.The first episode in `` Foundation '' appeared about 50 years ago as a stand-alone story in Astounding Science Fiction under the title `` Bridle and Saddle . '' At the time , Asimov had no idea where it would eventually lead . Hari Seldon , Salvor Hardin , and the Galactic Empire emerged in that single story to shape all the `` Foundation '' novels that were to follow . It 's all the more remarkable , then , to read that story today with the realization that none of the sequels or `` prequels '' had yet been thought of.The original `` Foundation '' trilogy is written in a style that may seem quaint or even prim in comparison to the baroque convolutions found in some novels of the '90s . And , at the time , one reviewer had trouble with the episodicity
 Although Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy is over 40 years old , his overall writing is still top notch . There 's just something about it that draws you in , and then you ca n't put the book down . Unfortunately , many people get unhappy when they read this first book alone . Because it was written originally as a magazine serial , it sometimes has a choppy format . But as a whole , its superb . Only after reading all three one can appreciate the magnitude of Asimov 's work . There is simply not a sci-fi trilogy anywhere that can compete .
 I read this series when I was 15 years old and could not put it down . Ten years later and it still comes to my mind from time to time . Asimov had a wonderful imagination . I would like to have met him .
 There 's no doubt about the fact that Isaac Asimov is a legend in his own right as a writer . But with `` Foundation '' he proves -LRB- if ever there was any doubt -RRB- that he is indeed that peerless science fiction writer of his time . This is the most intelligently written science fiction book you 'll ever get to read ... and the good thing about it is that you do n't really have to be a sci-fi freak to enjoy it - you can read it just for the joy of reading !!
 Probably the second-best novel in the Foundation series -LRB- next to Foundation -RRB- . A darker story , `` Empire '' introduces the Mule who proves that Asimov 's Foundation galaxy is not always a happy and predictable place . Both stories in the book prove that the Foundation is not invincible . The ending was fantastic and left me hungry for more , and the characters are well developed . Overall , an excellent sequel to Foundation .
 the foundation series is just marvelous ! but as the title says , the hafta be read together . only then the greatness is revealed -LRB- is that a correct sentence ? -RRB- .
 An excellent science fiction novel , probably one of the best ever written . Asimov is amaster author who keeps the excitement rolling for hours on end .
 What can I say ??? Asimov at his best . It 's impossible to stop reading this book . The chapters are so incredible , that you ca n't wait to get to the finish to know how the plot ends . If you have n't read it , you do n't know what you are missing
 This may be the best SF book ever written . I started reading it and could n't put it down . I read all 296 pages in less than 12 hours . This book is so much better than more modern sci-fi -LRB- for the difference between SF and sci-fi , see Isaac Asimov Gold -RRB- because it actually has a story , rather than a colection of all the stupidity the author could think of . This book is the best book I 've ever read .
 The Good Doctor himself was a genius and the Foundation series is the best parts of that genius . Foundation is interesting , believable , funny , and loveable . Perhaps its greatest feature is that this book makes you think . You can spend hours just thinking about the concept of psychohistory . I can not reccomend this book and the other Foundation novels more . This is pure science fiction at its greatest . You must read this or be forever deprived .
 This book was hilarious . I read it yesterday , and I am still laughing my Asimov . Get it ? Hahahaha . Huh . Okay . Nevermind .
 This book is my favorite book . It is very well writen , and it pulled me in . It was n't quite as gripping as some other books , but after I read it the first time -LRB- and every time after -RRB- I felt changed . It is very . The other books in the series are n't as good , but they still are very interesting . I recommend this book .
 Foundation and Empire is the second book in this series . If you have not read the first one yet , you should . Still , because of the rare and very clear writing found here , you can read this book and never be confused . Since both books are so good , why skip the first one?In this book , we return to the future . A small empire , the Foundation , is on the edges of a greater one . The `` Empire '' currently encompasses thousands of worlds . Still , compared to its past , it has been shrinking . One of its most able generals , aware that the Empire is less then it once was , decides to expand the Empire . Unfortunately for the Foundation , he has choosen the systems occured by it , as the best direction for his expansion.Like the first installation , this book continually talks about the `` inevitable '' victory of the Foundation . Since they are being systematically destroyed by the Empire , such predictions ring hollow . How the book solves this problem seems to make sense . But this war is only the prelude for a greater conflict - a Civil War in the Foundation itself.Here is a really interesting dilemena . Since the Foundation is `` fated '' to survive , what will happen if it wars with itself ? And , to make things more interesting , a third party joins the conflict . This mysterious entity , the `` Mule '' , leads forces that beats both foundations back . What is happening here?Again , like the first book in this series , Foundation and Empire is as much a mystery story , as science fiction . How the author solves these problems are great fun . The ending , actually the middle of the book , is a great surprise on your first read . What happens afterwards , and the new developments , make for a great twist to this story and a powerful new development in this series . A great story . It is great fun and easily as enjoyable as the first book which , on its own , was a classic . Read and enjoy .
 `` The Foundation '' by Isaac Asimov is a very thrilling science fiction book . This book takes place so far into the future that they do not know which planet humans came from ! This book spans over 160 years and shows the developments of the Foundation . The Foundation is a group of people sent to a remote planet to preserve information and to secretly start a new empire . When the old Galactic Empire begins to crumble , Hari Seldon starts the Foundation . He and his followers work on an encyclopedia to help shorten the barbarian age that results from the destruction of the empire . Seldon 's true plan for the Foundation is to raise the next empire that would control the galaxy . As the book continues , the Foundation grows and tries to spread their beliefs across the galaxy . Powerful neighbors become jealous and try to conquer the foundation and destroy it . The Foundation wins usually using non violent means unlike their violent foes . When the Foundation starts to conquer the other surrounding worlds , they expand and send out traders . Traders hold the Foundation together and keep up the economy by trading with the inhabitants and bringing them the Foundation 's beliefs . Much of the galaxy is unaware of the Foundation 's secrets and the power it holds ! This book is divided into five sections , starting at different time periods with new characters and conflicts . The beginning of each section is difficult until you learn the new characters . However , the books flows well since the ideas of people in the past sections are presented in each new section as historically important . Each section is exciting with descriptive characters and a suspenseful plot . The book is a fast read , written for pure enjoyment and entertainment . It does a terrific job of both . I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good book .
 Prelude to Foundation describes the young mathematician Hari Seldon 's flight from an entrenched galactic bureaucracy bent on destroying him and what he represents - a threat to the established political order.Foundation opens with Hari Seldon having successfully escaped his old enemies , and having refined his new mathematical theory of statistically predictable human behavior -LRB- modeled on similarly ponderous equations of statistical mechanics -RRB-
 The Foundation novels of Isaac Asimov are the standard by which I judge all science fiction . The stories center around the mathmatical mechanics that allow for the prediction of the future in a statistcal manner - individual lives remain unaffected , but humanity 's future can be charted and directed . All this comes to pass as the great galatic empire slowly but surely fades into chaos . Only Hari Seldon , creator of this science of prediction , can save the universe from a galatic dark age . The short stories contained in this volume set the stage for the rich universe that the other volumes fill and explore . This is the series that testifies to the genius of it 's author and is perhaps his greatest legacy .
 The Galactic Empire is crumbling , and only one man can save the universe from chaos . That man is mathematician and historian Hari Seldon . To minimize the effects of the fall of the Empire , he sets up the Foundation , a group of people following his carefully laid plan to preserve the achievements of humanity . So begins the reader 's journey through hundreds of years of history and turmoil , watching as Asimov paints his picture of the tiny Foundation and its struggle to keep Seldon 's plan alive . Asimov 's characters are first-rate , grabbing the reader 's interest with their intelligence and charisma . The plot is solid and fascinating to watch as it unfolds , taking twists and turns , every one guaranteed to surprise . Originally published as four short stories , Foundation is the beginning of the classic science fiction epic , and is not to be missed by any sci-fi fan .
 Foundation is a must buy , by writing this Asimov opened a gateway for other science fiction writers , none , in my opinion who have been able to better him yet . Issic Asimov does n't just give you one set time period but 5 , jumping 50 years or so into the future , each one with rebelious and revolutionary characters , adding colour and flavour to a already brilliant plot . If this was n't enough , and the books well worth reading for just for that you are introduced to a new kind of warfare - giving the enermy something that they want and become dependent on , then when they become too mencing ... . well you can read it for yourself . Foundation is pure genious , you MUST read this book
 Foundation was the first Asimov book I read and that was about 15 years ago . Subsequently I purchased and read multiple times , every Asimov sci-fi book . All but one of the Foundation Series I have in hard-cover in addition to paperback.Reading Asimov is for me a pleasure . How he wrote in conjunction with his rich and diverse use of English I have found unequalled.A must read without which the stage for the rest of Foundation remains unprepared.True it is not his best book , but how do you decide between Masters from The Master .
 Foundation has been called by science-fiction lovers all over the world as a cornerstone for science fiction . Isaac Asimov 's all time best , this book tells the tale of the crumbling of the Galactic Empire and is only the beggining of a 7-book series . The way Asimov uses the analogy of the Fall of the Roman Empire has pleased readers for decades . Asimov tells the story of a planet alone at the edge of the galaxy awaiting a future already planned for it . Leaders struggle for the planets survival , for this planet , Terminus , holds the future of the Human Race in its hands . Isaac Asimov tells the thrilling tale of human survival in an environment that is against it .
 Few doubt the power of these novels , and no one mildly competent in the realm of science fiction would at all . I do n't remember ever being so sucked in by any book or set of books before . I think that Foundation and Empire was the best of the set , with `` The Mule '' being the best single story of the nine-story set . This is Asimov in his purest form -- no pomp , no ornation , no flowery aspiration to a false literary quality ; just plain , simple prose and story
 I never would have made it through this book if I had n't read the other foundation novels first . Because this was originally published in magazines , this book is very fragmented and hard to follow if you do n't already know the story . Still , I love Asimov . This is just so early , he is n't excellent yet
 This book is the second in the original Foundation Trilogy . The first book was `` Foundation , '' which introduced us to Hari Seldon , psychohistory and Hari 's plan to reduce 30,000 years of chaos to a mere 1,000 years . This book is two novelettes combined into one book , and tells how the Foundation struggles to survive against the remnants of the galactic empire and then against a mutant , whose coming Hari Seldon failed to predict.In the first part of this story we meet the General , Bel Riose . I enjoyed the story , but I kept getting the feeling that Bel Riose was being manipulated for most of the story . I assumed that Riose was being manipulated by the Foundation , though it was also possible that the Second Foundation , which we learn much more about in the second half of this book , was also manipulating Riose . In spite of my perceived lack of suspense as I waited for Riose 's inevitable defeat , I did enjoy this half of the book while longing to get into the second half.In the second half of the book we meet a unique and unpredictable mutant called the Mule . The mutant is called the Mule for biological reasons . We also learn that the Mule was unpredicted by Hari Seldon . The Mule realizes that the Second Foundation is his only true nemesis as he quickly conquers the Foundation . The Mule follows the exploits of researchers as they seek , and find , the Second Foundation . How can the Second Foundation be discovered ? Has the Second Foundation been discovered ? Is Hari Seldon 's plan truly out of control ? The reader must move on to `` Second Foundation '' to learn these answers and more!I enjoyed the second part of this book immensely . I had to read about the Mule until I learned whether he had truly destroyed Seldon 's plan . Unfortunately , I had to wait until the next book in the series to learn the truth , but I was still on the edge of my seat.This book carries on nicely from `` Foundation . '' If you liked that book you will enjoy seeing the challenges the Foundation faces as it tries to help create a future that remains hundreds of years away . This book is a worthy second book in the original Foundation Trilogy.The final book in the original Foundation Trilogy is `` Second Foundation . `` Enjoy !
 Not surprisingly this is a second reading - I first enjoyed this classic about twenty years ago.There 's much to enjoy . Or , rather , there 's the central idea to enjoy
 It had been quite some time since I had read Asimov , so I was relatively excited when I picked up Foundation . I was not disappointed in the least . This novel is an absolutely fabulous piece of psycho-political drama that is perhaps most enjoyable because of its suspenseful trill as well as its political/sociological considerations.The entire text , built on the theories of the fictional character Hari Seldon , is driven by the concept of psycho-history . This is primarily a form of mathematical sociology that allows for the statistical prediction of galactic masses , given a set of variables . As the Galactic Empire is beginning to crumble , Hari Seldon perceives this fall and takes the precautions to insure a quick return to a Second Empire . The development of his Plan spurs him to create two foundations at the ends of the galaxy to promote this return.This text chronicles the early founding and rise of the first foundation . Given the nature of psychohistory , most events unfold in such a way that a critical moment , at which the probability of success is nearly 100 % , always arrives for solutions to the problems facing the foundation . This drives the story in a suspenseful manner , as Asimov pursues the interrelation of individual freedom and the `` mob psychology '' of psychohistory . The text is also an interesting exploration into the rise of power by a means of a variety of factors , concealed in this review for the sake of not spoiling the story.Foundation deserves the accolades of the Sci-Fi community and truly should be read by anybody who has any latent interest in science fiction or fantasy . It is an exciting , and fulfilling read .
 This is the unabridged audio cd version of Isaac Azimov 's book foundation . It is on 7 cd 's .
 Following in the footsteps of `` The Foundation '' , The people of The Foundation have just beaten the Galactic Empire , only to have thier world turned upside down . When A mutant Named the Mule begins taking over the Periphery , Bayta And Toran Darrel , members of The Foundation Democratic Underground , go to the capital planet of Kalgan , and end up abducting the Mules clown , or who they thought was the Mule 's clown . When Seldons plan gets thrown off track by the Mule and The Foundation is captured , They go to The former capital of the Universe , Trantor , to discover where the second Foundation is , bringing The Foundations finest pschologist , Ebling Mis , with them .
 But Asimov is one of the greatest science-fiction authors to have every lived . His massive work adding itself to works by other such sci-fi masters
 I first tried reading this book when I was 11 . For me at the time , it seemed boring at that age , and I had trouble reading it . Next year , I picked up the book again , and could n't stop reading it . Asimov sets up a realistic structure for how to contain millenias of combined information from across a galaxy , and build a stable , remote world to contain the falling Empire 's scientific knowledge . But especially after reading the entire series , I always must ask , is psycho history scientifically possible ? It states that the actions of an individual does n't affect the flow of the universe . Later int he series though , you will learn of the mule that broke this rule , and even later after the trilogy , where he came from . But how could mathematics , and the general pschology of people , possibly predict when specific crisis 's happen . Even though in Second Foundation , where the reader learns more about the second foundation , which is based not on science , but on pschohistory , helps maintain the course of the Foundation . You can get lost in thought trying to discover the possibilities psychohistory could bring , if it could work . ????
 It is astonishing to realize that science fiction consisted of a relative humble portion of Isaac Asimov 's ouevre . While most of his time was spent on nonfiction work , his contributions to science fiction proved so monumental that there is not a single science-fiction writer today who has not been influenced , in some way , by Asimov 's writing . His intellectual and engaging fiction has produced some of the finest short stories and novels in the genre , in classics such as `` The Last Question '' and `` Nightfall '' . But his seminal work is the top-of-the-pyramid , groundbreaking , and famous `` Foundation Trilogy '' . He is to SF what Tolkien is for Fantasy . `` Foundation '' is an entertaining piece of sociopolitical SF in the backdrop of a space opera . This book is the foundation of SF for the past six decades . Asimov 's prose is clear and concise , without any room for ambiguity or vain style . Asimov 's words , though pared down and stripped of subtext , are not any less true or beautiful or witty.Set thousands of years in the future , after humanity has colonized millions of planets in our galaxy , `` Foundation '' introduces the Galactic Empire is in its waning years . One man on the capital planet of Trantor , Hari Seldon , predicts the cataclysmic and chaotic decline and fall of the Empire . Seldon has developed the science of psychohistory , which aims to calculate the behaviour of mass populations over the course of events using , among other things , socioeconomic trends . Seldon has predetermined not only the demise of the Empire , but that thirty millennia of barbarism will follow , unless his organization , the Foundation , is able to finish its gargantuan mission of cataloguing and preserving all accumulated human knowledge and history . The act would serve to lessen an inevitable thirty-thousand years to a mere thousand.Asimov portrays the epic grandeur of the galaxy through the unyielding arc of time and history . Individual lives are ineffectual , though not inconsequential , in the grand scheme of things . Throughout the stories , there is a pervading sense of ` greater good ' or ` the bigger picture ' . There is only one recurring character in each of the five tales
 This book is far and beyond one of my favorite books of all time . Anyone who enjoys scifi must read this book .
 Foundation is an interesting technological/political science fiction . A very famous book , obviously . The Galactic Empire has lasted 12,000 years , but it is predicted by Hari Seldon , a genius scientist/psychologist/mathematician that the Empire will fall within 300 years . So he takes a large group of people to the distant planet of Terminius , to create the Encyclopedia Galatica , a book of knowledge . It wo n't save the Empire , but at least will prevent the world from falling into chaos for too long . At least , that 's what I got from the purpose . The various parts of the book skip from generation to generation of people on Terminus , and their various political problems.The political element of Foundation was very interesting to me . I had n't read much political science fiction before . I do n't think the world was that well developed ; there was n't a lot of description of it , it was more focused on the various power-plays and intrigues going on . Also , the way that each part is a different time period was a little off-putting ; I really would have liked to know more about Gaal Dornick and some of the other characters . But you ca n't really narrate 300 years of history without skipping many years . At first , I thought Gaal Dornick was going to be the protagonist . I was wrong.Anyway , Foundation was an intriguing science fiction with an interesting plot , and I 'm certainly glad that I decided to read it . The cover says `` The Foundation Novels '' , so perhaps there are other books about this world too ? If so , I look forward to -LRB- possibly -RRB- reading them.All of my reviews can be read at my blog -LRB- novareviews.blogspot.com -RRB- .
 The second book in Isaac Asimov 's Foundation trilogy . Bloated with administration and complacent with power The Foundation is now failing . Asimov 's science fiction elements include a mathematical `` mob '' theory that is able to predict the future of large populations . He calls it psychohistory . The math breaks down with individuals as they are too finicky and unpredictable . I loved the ` Mule ' character . The ending is excellent and I ca n't wait to see how the trilogy concludes.Some of my highlights from the book : `` You are getting mystical , and I always find it difficult to penetrate another person 's mysticism . '' -LSB- A description of Asimov 's psychohistory -RSB- '' ... it formulated definite laws capable of mathematical analysis and extrapolation to govern and predict the mass action of human groups . '' `` It had only one function , administration ; one purpose , government ; and one manufactured product , law '' `` Words are a pretty fuzzy substitute for mathematical equations . '' '' ... society is much more easily soothed than one 's own conscience . '' `` It 's true that so far there 's been more drinking than thinking , and more wooing than doing . '' `` Do n't you know it 's fashionable to be patriotic ? It 's all so democratic , it makes me retch . '' `` There was growth and expansion , and the quiet efficiency of self-rule . ''
 I could n't possibly put into words anything worthy . Just a solid piece of work . Ca n't wait for the next book to download .
 If this series seems a little dated and naive now , try to cut yourself back to when it was read ! I appreciated the imaginative leaps , as well as the way the whole series observes the discipline of the genre -- make one fundamental alteration to science as we know it , and then see where the thread leads you .
 I remember walking to the library as a thirteen year old with my back pack , smile on my face between each of the foundation books . Now , I have read them over again -LRB- a few times -RRB- and the only difference is that I now own them so no more walks to the library .
 I started reading the Foundation series this year and I ca n't believe what I 've been missing . One of the best sci-fi series and one of the best sci-fi authors !
 I had read the Foundation trilogy when I was a teenager/early 20 's . The first book was required reading for a college SciFi literature course and I liked it so much I read the other two . They were my introduction to Isaac Asimov . Grand in its sweep , Foundation explores societal disintegration and renaissance . The trilogy is dated ; Asimov wrote it before the computer revolution . However , it still holds up amazingly well.Asimov was regarded as one of the greatest explainers of everything . He richly deserved the accolade . For someone who has n't read him before , Foundation is a wonderful introduction . You 'll read more .
 Isaac Asimov is my favorite author and that makes it difficult to say anything negative about his work ... So I wo n't . This work takes you back in time so you can see the future , a future that is yet beyond tomorrow , in a different light than you can see it in today.A future visualized as having similar morals , social interaction and ideals based on and somewhat similar to those held by Americans of the past.A dark future , full of bright possibility .
 As the second book in the original three of the Foundation series , Isaac Asimov picks up with the last efforts of the Empire to root out the Foundation . Those familiar with the first of the original three in this series will recognize the characteristics of the first book in this one immediately ; a mixture of science and technology with a lot of wit and intriguing conversation . The second half of the book introduces the Mule , a mutant that Hari Seldon 's models could not account for . Anyone who enjoyed the original Foundation will surely enjoy this sequel.For those new to the series , this should not be the first book you pick up . Based on order of publication the original series is best read in this order : Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Foundation and Empire -LRB- 1952 -RRB- Second Foundation -LRB- 1953 -RRB- Asimov extended the foundation series further in the 1980s and included two books at the end and two prequels . I believe the best idea is to read the books in order of publication , but any reader will do fine reading them in chronological order as well -LRB- shown below -RRB- . Prelude to Foundation -LRB- 1988 -RRB- Forward the Foundation -LRB- 1993 -RRB- Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Foundation and Empire -LRB- 1952 -RRB- Second Foundation -LRB- 1953 -RRB- Foundation 's Edge -LRB- 1982 -RRB- Foundation and Earth -LRB- 1986 -RRB-
 Could n't put any of the books in this series down . There is a college education in those books !
 What can be said about this book ? every thing ... this is truely one of the best books ever written . for one thing its written very very well , and lets the reader connect to even the most minor characters . then off course there is the endless twining of the plot , which stretches over the next too books in the series . in all three books just when you 're sure you understand the general plot and way of things , asimov comes and changes every thing completely ... this is of course a very good comparison to any empire , especially rome , and in my opinion also the USA . it doesnt matter if you like this book or that book and this genere or that genere , this is a book for every one , and its one of the few books which i can honestly call ingenious . in short ... buy it , read it , read it again ... and again ... P.S. the 4 ` th and 5 ` th books , foundation 's edge and foundation and earth ... are simply spoilers after the first 3 amazing books .
 The Galactic Empire is crumbling , and only one man can save the universe from chaos . That man is mathematician and historian Hari Seldon . To minimize the effects of the fall of the Empire , he sets up the Foundation , a group of people following his carefully laid plan to preserve the achievements of humanity . So begins the reader 's journey through hundreds of years of history and turmoil , watching as Asimov paints his picture of the tiny Foundation and its struggle to keep Seldon 's plan alive . Asimov 's characters are first-rate , grabbing the reader 's interest with their intelligence and charisma . The plot is solid and fascinating to watch as it unfolds , taking twists and turns , every one guaranteed to surprise . Originally published as four short stories , Foundation is the beginning of the classic science fiction epic , and is not to be missed by any sci-fi fan .
 Written how many years ago ? And still the cream of the crop !
 An awesome trillogy no matter how you look at it , but 1rst and third pull ahead of this one
 this book was really well done . i am a pre-teen and found in simple to understand . It is filled with action but not like pulp . Read it !
 This is a MUST for any Sci-Fi fan . Unbelievable ! It was written in nineteen fourty something and it 's as modern as ever ! This is the first part of the trilogy -LRB- Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation -RRB- , but not the first book chronologically -LRB- Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation Trilogy , Foundation 's Edge , Foundation and Earth -RRB- . Also read the robot series connected to Foundation -LRB- The Caves of Steel , The Naked Sun , The Robots of Dawn , Robots and Empire -RRB- .
 This is the best Book in the Fondation secuence . It is grate , and once I started to read it , I could n't stop . Read it !!! and you will become an Issac Asimov Fan like me .
 Foundation was a great book . It had an excellent plot , I was almost always on the edge of my seat when reading . Some moments in the book strike you as pure guniess , the way the characters got out of a tight situation . The only complaint I have wold be that the time jumps . It needed a date as to when you were , and not having to pick it up from conversations .
 The `` Foundation '' is one of the best book I have ever read -LRB- and I 've read a lot of science fiction books -RRB- . The plot sparkle and shines throughout and the reader is never left alone and bored .
 Set more than 10,000 years in the future , at the edge of a failing galactic empire , this book is n't a story so much as a series of vignettes spanning decades . The book starts by detailing the effort to create the Foundation , which will try to preserve civilization from total collapse as the Empire continues to decay . With each jump to the future , we see the members of the Foundation confront a series of crises that threaten both the Foundation and the very fabric of civilization.Asimov has done a remarkable job of creating a believable far future , with a human civilization that spans the massive space of the galaxy . His descriptions of the decline of the Empire , and of the resulting chaos at its edges extrapolates nicely from history -LRB- particularly the decline of the Roman Empire -RRB- . Though written half a century ago , very little about this book feels particularly dated , except possibly for the prevalence of characters that smoked . This book deserves its reputation as a science-fiction classic .
 Asimov 's Foundation books are well-crafted , masterfully imagined , and peopled with fascinating characters . Spanning some several thousand years , and multiple generations of characters -LRB- often more than one per book -RRB- , the author does a fantastic job keeping each set unique and captivating . The stories follow the progression of Psychohistory , a technique for predicting the future behavior of masses of people , and the people set up to use its information to further the birth of a greater galactic empire . Space battles , intrigue , mutants , telepathy and mind control , as well as personal triumphs and failures run throughout all the novels . They are , in my opinion , among the best crafted series in the sci-fi genre ever produced .
 this book is one of the most important books in science fiction historyand a must for all science fiction lovers .
 Ah , Isaac Asimov . A god , some would say , in the sci-fi genre . I picked up this book at the urging of a friend , trusting in its reputation.At first I found Foundation unusual to read , it covers large swathes of time at once . However , Asimov does this extremely well . He gives us little anchors of information or characters that we can recognize , so we can figure out where we are in the time line without him having to come out and say it.Much of the book is dialogue , which is something I have not encountered before . Most of the story and characterization is carried in the dialogue rather than through plain description . Asimov does n't tell you what the characters are thinking , he * shows * you what they 're thinking as they explain it to other characters . This rather prevents us from growing too close to the characters , but that is rather the point because the time line goes so fast.Foundation was an unusual novel , but I can see why it is still a classic . It may be a little dry for some , but I enjoyed it .
 It 's my third read of this book . First two I read about ten years ago , when my English has n't been that matured , so after reading the book in original , I immediately found a copy in my native language . Now I decided to read the whole saga and of course started from the very beginning.Just as addictive as before . And with fair certainty I can say that this is the saga that has inspired George Lucas or whoever he took his ideas from . And yet it all started with `` Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire '' ...
 When you foretell the decline of a galactic empire , you do n't make many friends . But Seldon manages to keep what he finds low key and sets into motion a series of events that will lessen , not stop , the ravages that are to come.A great sci-fi classic . One of the best from an all time master of the genre . When I was younger I tried to track down every book he ever wrote . Think I got all the Tales from the Black Widows , but am not sure.Any lover of Sci-fi will find this not only exciting , but intelectually stimimulating .
 I totally liked the pattern that Isaac Asimov established in `` Foundation , '' the first volume in what we know refer to as the original Foundation trilogy . Hari Seldon created the revolutionary science of psychohistory and mapped out a future for humanity that would allow thirty thousand years of barbarism between the existing galactic empire and the future one to be reduced to only one thousand years . Through the effort of the psychohistorians the Foundation was established with its encyclopedists . Then we saw the rise of the Mayors , the Traders , and the Merchant Princes , each representing a step on the path laid out with mathematical precision by Hari Seldon over the first two centuries of the millennium he plotted out.I was looking forward to a continuing series of Seldon Crises as the Foundation played out the rise of human civilization , thinking that what we had hear with what Arnold Toynbee had done with his study of ancient civilizations extended into a future that covered an entire galaxy . But Asimov was setting us up for something unexpected in `` Foundation and Empire '' ; the idea was that at this stage the Foundation would be threatened by the final power play of the dying Empire . But the universe is apparently tired of Hari Seldon playing with his mathematically loaded dice and has thrown the entire plan into doubt by creating a mutant , nicknamed `` The Mule . '' Now the Foundation , the Seldon Plan and the entire galaxy is facing a new and powerful threat.When I first read `` Foundation and Empire '' I was rather dismayed at the big change in direction . But , of course , Asimov knew what he was doing . He had already proven the validity of psychohistory , at least within the context of his futuristic novel , and there really is no reason to put out another four books -LRB- at two hundred years apiece -RRB- to complete the plan . Historians might find this interesting , but Science Fiction fans were going to want more than that from Asimov . Indeed , the Mule proves to be , both in terms of the story and the trilogy , the link between the Foundation and the Second Foundation . The Foundation trilogy is classic science fiction from the genre 's self-proclaimed Golden Age , and even if the writing style seems dated or quaint , it remains a seminal series .
 But , then , how could it not be when its author was the incomparable Isaac Asimov ? There are , of course , plenty of other noteworthy works by all manner of Old Masters as well as newer authors that , in my opinion , at least belong next to the `` Foundation '' series simply because they , too , are great sci-fi adventures and space opera
 This is the first book I read by the author Asimov . I know there are many more famous books from him like the Robots collections and Foundation . I picked this one for the first book simply because this is the first entry to the Foundation series , on a chronological sense . I must say surprisingly , this is a very easy-to-read -LRB- compare to Dune , Lord of the Ring , etc -RRB- , but exciting , and full-of-surprises book . At times , it also gives us thoughful issues -LRB- e.g. can we ` predict ' the future ? -RRB- , which is what we are anticipating from a sci-fi . I know from many many readers that Foundation is the best among all the volumes , but I can imagine that this is already an enjoyable read , I can not imagine how exciting the Foundation book will be . It also thrills me to read all other series -LRB- Robot , Empire , etc -RRB- so as to get a full understanding of the history under Asimov 's reign . I recommend this one to everyone who has never touch Asimov 's work before .
 As well as a trilogy that is as far-reaching as it is set in a far-distant time with characters and galactic backdrop unrivaled by any other book . Definitely one of the great science-fiction classics just like `` Stranger in a Strange Land '' , `` Childhood 's End '' , along with modern-day cyberpunk like `` Neuromancer '' , `` Count Zero '' , `` Prey '' , `` Cryptonomicon '' , `` Snow Crash '' , `` Darkeye
 It was a very interesting concept , a bit heavy on a scientific version of `` fate '' . This series of books uses the concept of random motion as a prediction for the future was quite a brilliant idea . The story deals with a genius who predicts behavior for millenia into the future and actually has recorded holograms for future people that deal with his predictions . Where I had trouble was the reliance on robots in the later books . I personally prefer the human side of things . It was an interesting read and well worth it .
 Foundation is not easy to read since most of it is politics in the Foundation Universe . It follows the plot very closely but still keeps the scifi element with things like space travel and intergalactic empires.When I read it I found the religious aspect interesting . The main characters were either scholars , politicians , or interstellar traders , and there were a lot of cloak & dagger type situations . Something I found interesting was that women did n't really play any roles until the last part of the book . It 's kinda funny to see this Emerald City -LRB- Terminus -RRB- in the middle of these warring kingdoms who think they have the upper hand . The use of nuclear power as the ultimate source of energy is a important aspect in the book . If you like lots lots of action , then this book is n't for you .
 Asimov is my favorite sci-fi writer and this book is great . Do realize that this is the first book of the Foundation trilogy and that Amazon sells all three books in a single hardcover which makes the most sense costwise . So buy the trilogy in a single volume rather than buying this first story separately .
 but just barely!Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- by Asimov ; a classic , a reread -LRB- its been at least 35 years however -RRB- , and a very quick read . Sadly , Foundation does n't hold up well at all . It 's hard to understand how such an accomplished mathematician and scientist like Asimov was so completely unaware of the coming ideas of chaos theory and how it would make his theory of ` psychohistory ' so completely improbable and even faintly ridiculous . Secondly , it 's 12,000 years into the future ... and Asimov ca n't imagine beyond the common use of tobacco products , blasters , and nuclear power ?? All that said -LRB- and I know it 's been said in many reviews in far less kind terms than I have -RRB- ... it 's still a fun story , and one can see the roots and budding ideas of lots and lots of later authors . One can only wonder what science fiction will look like 70 years from now !
 Absolutely wonderful book . Real science fiction is not about blasters and spaceships , it is about people who 've been put in extraordinary situation and how they react to it.I would recommend this book to anyone .
 One more trip outside my usual reading waters . Science fiction . Foundation makes me remember why I loved science fiction when I was in my late teens and early twenties . The whole world is tilted and new ways of thinking and doing things become possible . All our world leaders need to read science fiction , with its ominous ventures into possible futures . Foundation is the story of a world set up solely as place to compile an enormous encyclopedia , an effort for the ages . But as the story moves forward rapidly in time , we readers come to see that the world has been set up for many other , secret purposes , purposes designed to save the thinking peoples from an eternity in a dark age .
 Asmiov is not at all a great writer . He does not develops the characters , who are often just tools to set the story going . Classic readers may find his style too crude , too objective . In this series , a character you find important for the story in one chapter may never appear in the rest of the saga.But Asimov is a master storyteller . His imagination has delivered us a lot of great sci-fi stories , and the Foundation series is among the best.In the far future , experts in the study of the behavior of great populations determine that the galactic empire is going to disappear , and then they conceive a plan to preserve human civilization , and reduce a many thousand years of `` dark age '' to just one thousand years . They predict what is going to happen decades and centuries in the future , and take precautions so that humanity will be able to avoid each crisis , according to the strongest factor at each time . It seems complex , but it 's not . As long as you reach chapter three , you 're ok . I ca n't tell anymore without spoiling it , but despite its lack of literary quality , it 's a story you must read if you like science fiction.I liked this book most for the outstanding way the plan comes together in each crisis , revealing Asimov 's amazing creative mind.I you think sci-fi silly , or if you value literary virtue a great deal , this is not your book . But if a great story is enough to entertain you , you wo n't be able to put this book down .
 I read these books in elementary school , I got hooked on Sci Fi . Was n't popular at the time but my brother 's books were available to read.Story still rates up there with the best books of Sci Fi of all time . I am constantly amazed by the visuals of Star Wars and other such movies but the ideas come from HG Wells , Edgar Rice Burroughs , Heinlien , Clarke , Fredrick Pohl . and I Azimov . -LRB- also a few others -RRB- Azimov is in my mind the best though not recognized for his Sci Fi -LRB- not as prolific in this gendre -RRB- and so he gets little credit.I do plan on reading thse books again .
 I 'd been hearing about Asimov 's work for a while now , and being a sci-fi/fnatasy fan , I figured I should check it out . For me , it 's a matter of seeing where the genre has come from and where it 's going . `` Foundation '' was a quick , worthwhile read which , much like Tolkein , helped define a genre . After reading , I see why Asimov is still relevant today . His stories do n't age because the lessons can still be applied to modern empires and the struggles they face . ** Spoiler Alert ** Do not read below here if you do n't want details of the story . `` Foundation '' certainly did n't disappoint . At first , I thought it was a little odd that the sections of the book were so far apart in time , but as I kept reading , it began to make sense . Asimov was n't trying to tell a story about specific characters as we 're used to thinking of them -LRB- i.e. , individual people -RRB- , rather , he was aiming to tell the story of a civilization . As I read , it began to make perfect sense . His premise is that the actions of humans as a race can be predicted on a large scale . In order to get that across , the story had to be told using large scale and long time periods . Whether Asmiov was thinking of this or not , I ca n't say . But it works .
 Isaac Asimov did n't write about aliens or alien life it seemed . Or not very much . But he did develop a Galaxy populated by humans in this start to the series . A fallen Galactic Empire , and a society of scientist using a new psychological technique to start a new one on the proper footing . But there is a wild card involved in the Mule , a mutant with powers to control minds and change the course of the history plotted by the scientists . Introduced the concept of the planetary city that is the center of the empire . Another essential read for those who love science fiction .
 This is Sci ~ Fi at it 's best , from that great era . It was fun to read again after all these years . The lifestyle of the times when this book was written , really shine through , everyone smokes and everything is nuclear . If you have n't read then read the entire series ... < -LRB- ~ & iquest ;*-RRB- >
 This is my first Foundation book , and I definitely will be reading more . it is too bad all the Foundation books are n't printed into one edition , because while I really enjoyed this book , I found the ending all to abrupt.The book is split up into four parts , each concerning a different issue . Asimov really shines here , as each of the Seldon crises arise and is dealt with - no wonder he is such a big name in science fiction !
 This is the only review -LRB- of literature -RRB- I have ever written . If you like well written characters , mystery , adventure , intrigue , and a surprise twist to your stories . . oh yes . . and SciFi -LRB- but that is beside the point -RRB- . . the Foundation Trilogy is for you ! I have n't even read this story in 37 years , and it STILL stands out in my mind as one of the best I have ever read . Second only to `` The Lord of the Rings '' by JRR Tolkien . It matters not that `` Foundation '' is SciFi . . it is just a darn good read ! You will not be disappointed .
 It 's kind of funny when i think that less than 3 months ago , i had never heard os Isaac Asimov , and i had not much interest in reading science fiction . Then i get some book called `` Foundation '' for christmas , and it kind of interested me although i did n't read for over a month after i had it.Well since then , not only have i read it , and not only have i done alot of research on Asimov and science fiction in general , but i 've also bought and read `` Foundation and Empire '' . Quite a difference one book can make.I can not get enough of Asimov 's Foundation series . I own over 100 books that i 've found at thrift stores and second hand stores by many different authors . However the second day that i owned `` Foundation and Empire '' i dove right into it , and it did not dissapoint . The only negative thing i can say is that it 's just barely not as good as the first book -LRB- although that book really blew my mind and was my very first sf novel -RRB- . Regardless , `` Foundation and Empire '' is another solid tale by Asimov , filled again with great characters -LRB- even a clown ! -RRB- , and written with top notch imagination and imagery . Particularly amazing is how Asimov created the character of Hari Seldon . He appears in this book for about two pages , and yet the man 's presence is a highlight . I did question if Asimov was n't skilled at creating solid character 's with real depth . However , when a man who was only in 40 or 50 pages of the first book makes an appearance in this one , it was easily my most anxious moment of the story , and i truly felt just as eager as everyone else sitting before the vault for Seldon to appear . Consider my question withdrawn haha.I am really loving the Foundation series , just the whole creation of , the many planets , the talk of ships , the different classes of people , everything ! Not only am i very antsy about continuing this series -LRB- which i will definitely be doing soon -RRB- , i am dying to read his robot novels and his stand-alones as well . Great book !
 Good
 This book is a great scifi read but it is essentially a series of short stories . So you should n't expect a typical `` novel '' story . They are set around the same theme of the Foundation , a group set up by a man , Hari Seldon , who is brilliant at something called psychohistory . He predicts that the galactic Empire will fall and sets up the Foundation as way to prevent the knowledge of man from being lost . The first section details this storyline . later storylines are about the trials of the people of the Foundation . Hope you enjoy it !
 continuing the lifetime Hugo award winning series written by Isaac Asimov ... lest my snarkiness towards this venerable and respected author and his writing give anyone the wrong impression . . I am very much enjoying this reread ! But the world -LRB- and I -RRB- have changed a LOT over the last 50-60 years -LRB- or in my case 40 years -RRB- . Rereading the books that we loved when we were younger gives us insight into who and what we are today ... Foundation and Empire -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- Isaac Asimov ; continuing the 12,000 years-in-the-future saga of cigar chompin ' , blaster-totin ' , space-faring men and women -LRB- yes the women also lovingly smoke cigars ... much to the consternation of the men -RRB- as they attempt to unravel the mystery of The Mule and The Second Foundation.I can not imagine anyone reading this series for the first time having any flicker of comprehension as to why it was so popular and how it garnered a lifetime Hugo award ... but again . . kids these days have little appreciation for The Beatles and Elvis ... so there you are .
 This book is fantastic ! The first time I read it , I wanted to read it again immediately upon finishing it . There were so many twists , turns and details that you just do n't catch the first time through . Love !
 The big brain of Isaac Asimov composed this series and it shows . This book contains more characters than a fifteen-act Shakespearian play and still manages to unfold as one impressively coherent space-saga . This is by no means a detriment , and characters as well as past events are periodically referenced in later chapters.I 'm by no stretch a science fiction aficionado , but upon reading summaries of the plot I could n't wait to read this book , and it verily meets my expectations . The most interesting thing about this work is that it can be read as pure-science fiction or as social-commentary/social history . Without revealing too much , the sections of the book are dedicated to describing certain `` Crises '' that invariably occur due to the events of an imperialistic planet - planet Terminus , home-world of the Foundation - and it 's attempts to reestablish -LRB- or supplant -RRB- a dying Galactic empire . The Foundation uses religion , politics , and economics to spread it 's influence across the periphery , or `` outer-edge '' of the galaxy . Most of the book centers on characters who possess an aptitude for politics or are just plain cunning , and it 's extremely entertaining to see how each character handles the crises and mini-crises laid before them.This book is , surprisingly , heavy on politics - but not politics as usual ... that is to say , not any politics that you and I would be familiar with , but politics of fictional worlds and fictional people . However , the political theory behind it all is strong ... I was hoping for a little more description when it came to the actual `` science-fiction , '' but I guess it was Asimov 's intention to leave most of the work to the imagination , and this actually works-out beautifully . Your imagination can truly run wild with this book - Asimov gives only the most cursory descriptions of the characters , but what he gives is enough to get you going . Besides , who wants to spend time reading about a character when there is a good chance that he or she will no longer exist a couple pages down the road ? You can infer much of the characters content from their actions and dialogue . Foundation is an entertaining and ambitious book , and I 'm looking forward to the rest of the series . Classic for a reason .
 This book , Foundation , is a very detailed fictional book that place in the future . Isaac Asimov wrote many books and series in his lifetime and this book along with the series was one of his first books written . This story is mostly about the First Galactic Empire and its fall . Hari Seldon was a psychohistorian , and , using his advanced mathematics , was able to conclude that the Empire would soon fall in 500 years , and then be followed by 30,000 years of barbarism . Hari , however , could limit the 30,000 years to only 1,000 years , by having the people on a planet called Terminus follow an Encyclopedia Galactica that Hari Seldon had made . They followed this for 50 years until they found out it was a fake . Many years pass , and there are many different people who try to do something to help . Each person had a crisis to get past in order to keep doing what had to be done to limit the barbarism to 1,000 years . This continues until the end of the book , and is then continued in the sequels . I think that this book was very interesting and I enjoyed it a lot , but the only problem about it is that it is very difficult to follow because each chapter , new characters are brought in and it take place 50 or more years later in time . Other than that , if you are a good reader and enjoy fiction books then this is a great book to read . Also , if you really like the book , there are a ton of other books that he wrote , including several other sequels that you can read .
 Few works of literature merit me acquiring several copies and I must say that the Foundation series is one of those . Whenever I find an old edition of this series I tend to pick it up and now I own several copies of this series of books ranging from decrepid old paperbacks to some of these newer copies.Here are a few spoilers about the story but I hope not too many : Overall , the premise for foundation is quite intersting . The books take place in a far away future where humanity has colonized the galaxy . In this far future , a scientist discovers that he can tell the future ... not for any particular person but for the aggregate of humanity as a whole and then only over long periods of time . The future that Hari Seldon , our scientist , sees is grim
 This is the first book of the original trilogy , but the third book overall . Here 's a list of all the books in the Isaac Asimov series . - Prequels -1 . Prelude to Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- 2 . Forward the Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- - The Original Trilogy -3 . Foundation4.Foundation and Empire -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- 5 . Second Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- - Later Works -6 . Foundation 's Edge -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- 7 . Foundation and EarthThere are other books written by other authors called the Second Foundation Trilogy , but I have n't read those -LRB- and do n't plan to -RRB- . The plot centers around a psychohistorian named Hari Seldon who can predict the future using his newly invented science . He realized that the empire is failing , and the galaxy will be propelled into a 30,000 year stretch of barbarism before a civilized government is established . To reduce the time to a mere 1,000 years , he establishes two Foundations at each end of the galaxy.This book focuses on only the First Foundation , the Second Foundation makes its first appearance in the sequel , Foundation and Empire . The First Foundation expands to take over the edges of the receding empire using its superior intelligence instead of force . They win conflicts through technology , religion , and trade.The theme that reason can overcome brute force is cleverly illustrated in this science fiction classic . It 's a relatively short book at 320 pages , and a very fast read . The first book of the original Foundation trilogy is the beginning of a truly great series , a must read for any sci-fi fan .
 This book is one of the original science fiction novel of all time . I read this book as an outside reading assignment for my English class . First of all , I chose this book out of all the other books because I did n't want to read something that sounds dull and unexciting . I wanted to read something more innovative , and I certainly made the right choice when I picked this book from the library shelf.Hari Seldon , the protagonist , develops a area of study called psychohistory , which allows psychohistorians to predict future events in big pictures . According to psychohistory , the Empire will encounter decay in the future and an age of collapse will follow . This book portrays how our civilization tries to shorten the age of collapse by preserving all human knowledge.The book is divided into five section , each with different settings . First section explains the psychohistory and sets up the stage . Second section takes place 50 years after the first , and the new Empire starts encountering conflicts with resources . Third section starts 30 years later , and it deals with religion . Fourth section takes place 55 years later and the new civilization gets involved in a trade conflict . Last section takes place 20 years later and involves merchandise matters . Each section has different characters . Each experiences different conflicts , but they all pile up to show us how a civilization grows and how history is made.I liked how the writing is terse and straightforward . It is hard to follow the story because of the change of settings and many characters , but they do come together . I liked how I could observe the history being made . It is fun seeing a civilization encounter conflicts , digress from religion to economics , and so on . It feels like I 'm experiencing a century of history . It 's easy to read because there is n't really any complicating science that you need to understand or in-depth character conflicts into the story . Definitely a book to read if you want to know how it feels like to be a god looking down at human civilizations and how they behave . Read it if you want to know what Hari Seldon 's true plan is !
 I ca n't say enough about this book , weather you like SF or not this book is a MUST READ !!! It 's more about people/civilizations/political systems than SF but either way I highly recommend it.As for SF it is simply the best SF book ever written !!!!
 By the end of the thirteenth millennium , mankind had populated millions of planets scattered throughout the galaxy . The centre of the imperial government was located on the planet Trantor , in effect a single planetary city some 75,000,000 square miles in extent . Every conceivable square foot of habitable space was occupied with a teeming population well in excess of 40 billion souls . Its internal problems were so vast that it was all but inevitable that its grip on the outer reaches of its dominion should weaken . The empire , like every other empire that had preceded it , was in the throes of decline.Hari Seldon , a brilliant mathematician and psychologist developed the science of psychohistory - the use of mathematics and symbolic logic to evaluate and predict the future behaviour of statistically large segments of human population . When he applied his analysis to the Empire , the conclusions were bleak and inescapable . The stagnating Empire would imminently fall and collapse into a galactic dark age - a period of anarchy and chaos and a loss of art , culture , knowledge , technology and science that would last for thirty thousand years.When he knew that imperial collapse was inevitable , he created the `` Foundation '' and implemented what was later to become known as the Seldon Plan . He could n't stop the dark age but he could shorten its duration to a mere thousand years and give civilization the ability to start over again.Asimov , known to his millions of fans merely as the `` good doctor '' , certainly did n't stint when it came to the scope of his ideas and the size of the canvas on which he chose to paint . `` Foundation '' is a classic sci-fi novel that leans far towards the left side of the sci-fi spectrum . Hard sci-fi , technology and advanced science are touched upon only to the extent that they are necessary to make sense of an Empire that spans an entire galaxy . Quaintly , much of the science is seriously dated - data storage is on microfilm , atomic power is the norm even in spaceships that are expected to travel galactic distances - and could hardly be considered brilliantly prescient.So it is clearly the ideas that Asimov deals with that have elevated `` Foundation '' to its status as one of the most loved and most read science fiction novels of all time - science as religion , the authoritarian nature of religious dogma , the insidious Machiavellian nature of political diplomacy , the inevitability of the decline and collapse of a major empire and a powerful discussion as to whether violence is a necessary tool to resolve differences or whether it is merely `` the last refuge of the incompetent '' . While I will happily acknowledge that `` Foundation '' was interesting and thoroughly enjoyable , I was somewhat disappointed to discover that it did not have the same thrill or excitement that I experienced when I first read it thirty years ago . The level of science in the book seems almost lack-lustre and in my mind did not live up to the grandiose scope of the novel . Like so many of his peers in the 1950s , women were stoutly ignored and played no part in `` Foundation '' at all.Dickens wrote at the turn of the century so one expects his prose to be different . Asimov wrote `` Foundation '' in 1951 so one certainly expects it to be a product of that time . But , unlike Dickens -LRB- and I 'm not really quite able to put my finger on the reason why -RRB- , the prose simply did n't age quite as well . So , in the full knowledge that many will disagree with me , I 'm unwilling to accord `` Foundation '' the 5-star rating that many will expect . Four stars only from this reader and a high recommendation that this book must be read if you claim to be a fan of the classic sci-fi genre.Paul Weiss
 I wo n't bother you with much detail about the book , just know that this is one of the best -LRB- if not THE BEST -RRB- Science Fiction books I have ever read . I highly recommend this book to everyone . If you plan to read only one Sci-Fi book in your entire life , please make it this one ! Asimov pretty much established the grounds for all space odysseys ' that followed -LRB- think Star Wars , Star Trek , Hitchhiker 's Guide , etc. -RRB- . You wont be let down.The book is actually a collection of 5 short stories published together in one volume . It all begins at about 30,000 years after our time , and about 12,000 years after the Galactic Empire was established . Hari Seldon , a brilliant mathematician , has developed a theory -LRB- psychohistory -RRB- that can accurately foretell the behavior of immense human populations to the tee . Using it he placed the Empire 's demise at 300 years , with an added bonus of 30,000 years of struggle in a chaotic and barbaric galaxy , until the Second Empire is established.What are you waiting for , get yourself a copy !!!
 Foundation is a masterpiece , bar none . It is not only great science fiction , but great fiction . Asimov does a truly wondrous job of painting a large picture , much in the way that the Hudson School of painting did in the 19th Century , while also giving compelling characterization , like a Rembrandt , and selecting the ` right ' moments that the reader can zoom in on , in this compelling account of future history . Asimov leaves Clarke in the dust in terms of characterization , and most of this is achieved via dialogue , while still painting a big picture . Asimov wrote wonderful dialogue , and one can read the tenor of a character 's soul simply by how they react in words to other characters . That said , I am very surprised that Asimov did not take issue with George Lucas 's Star Wars films , because without Foundation there would simply not be Star Wars . Everything is there to be plumbed and looted - a galactic Empire , rebels , space jumps to circumvent the speed of light , the Galactic Spirit -LRB- aka The Force -RRB- , and so on . Even Star Trek took a heavy load of its mythos from this book , as the human dominated Federation and human-looking and human-derived aliens that dominate most of the Star Trek universe have much akin with the Empire that rules Foundation at novel 's start ... Foundation was first published in novel form in 1951 , but consisted of a number of short stories published throughout the 1940s in magazines like John W. Campbell 's Astounding Science Fiction . Book One , The Psychohistorians , was written specifically as an opening for the novel ; Book Two , The Encyclopedists was published as Foundation ; Book Three , The Mayors , was published as Bridle And Saddle ; Book Four , The Traders was published as The Wedge ; and Book Five , The Merchant Princes , was published as The Big And The Little . Each of the Books within the novel functions almost as an autonomus story , much the way Bradbury 's Martian Chronicles , or Sherwood Anderson 's Winesburg , Ohio do . Yet , it all ties together , and though it has always had a reputation as a space opera , even if the ultimate or original space opera , it transcends that label . Yet , those sorts of labels can be offputting to casual readers of a genre , like I am . For I am not a sci fi nut by any means , yet I sense that many people have avoided this book because like , say , reading a Rilke poem or watching Orson Welles ' Citizen Kane , they have felt that something so overpraised and hyped is bound to be a letdown . It 's not . It earns its praise and labels , like epic , for , even though the book is less than 150 pages long in my version , probably 250-300 pages in paperback , it is certainly epic - the timescales and range of the Empire demand nothing less . And although that term is grossly overused , in this case it is spot on . The very title of the book has , in the decades since its first appearance , taken on another connotation , though - that of not only referring to the Foundation within the tale , but its place as the Foundation upon which modern outer space sci fi is based upon.This is not to deny the books flaws , which are there . But , given that most of them have to do with technological things , they are not truly literary flaws , merely those of the nature of the sci fi genre . Among them are anachronisms such as typical hausfrau-like portrayals of women , who apparently still worry over household domestic products , an addiction to nicotine , an over-reliance on atomic power , the use of parsecs rather than light years as a unit of distance , the galactic Empire being at the center of the galaxy where we now know only a supermassive black hole exists and makes life as we know it untenable due to radiation , and other minor points . Other flaws are less anachronistic than what in film would be called continuity errors , such as being able to transcend the speed of light , but recording information in actual books , and on microfilm , rather than digitally , or quantumly , yet being able to teleport that information ; the Empire possessing holographic technology , yet it all being powered by vacuum tubes ; or civilizations possessing interstellar ships but having economies dependent on fossil fuels - which means that dinosaurs and the like must have appeared on millions of the other worlds . Then there are just the plain odd things , such as Asimov 's faith in capitalism being the solution to the galactic ills , even though in his universe it 's what ails all the worlds . The idea that even were an Empire to arise and dominate a galaxy that such a massive thing could ever stagnate , seems odd . Diversity argues against that , but this shows Asimov 's pessimism regarding the human ability to evolve . That these future men also have life spans akin to ours , smoke , and suffer cancer , bespeaking there seems to have been little in the way of medical breakthroughs -LRB- this was pre DNA discovery -RRB- , also seems a bit of an imaginative lack.But , perhaps the greatest flaw of the book is Asimov 's love affair with the Freudian Psychohistory -LRB- although I 'm told in later books Asimov redacted the mythos to reveal it all a fraud -RRB- , which reeks of determinism , exalts psychology to a ` hard ' science , damns free will , plays to the Fallacy Of Uninterrupted Trends , and has been totally demolished in the wake of chaos theory . Still , even though Psychohistory fails as science , it 's still far easier for a writer to predict human nature than scientific advances.But , again , these are mere quibbles , relatively speaking . Let me look at the pro side of the ledger . The very Psychohistory that , in reality , is specious , allows for the very drama of the tale to exist . While poor science it makes for excellent drama . To watch the various Foundation leaders grapple with their own will versus their faith in Seldon is the essence of existentialism . Asimov 's use off offstage action is not just a condensing device , but clues the reader in to what is really important - the human moments and confrontations , not the comic book like blowing up of great interstellar vessels . A third device that works well is the use of select epigraphs throughout the story , culled from the fictive Encyclopedia Galactica . They unify the tale , lend it grandeur , and ground this future history as if it were already in the reader 's past , much as Edward Gibbons ' real and influential The Decline And Fall Of The Roman Empire did , and which Asimov acknowledged as his main source of ideas . Wisely , there is not too much technobabble , which helps date a work more than anything else . Also , as stated before , the book is rife with humor and sparkling dialogue , as well as plausible catchphrases like ` Galaxy knows ' or ` By galaxy ! ' It is also worth re-stressing that the book 's focus is not on scientific progress but social progress , and this predicates a number of major existential queries , such as what is progress ? How does progress reconcile with human nature ? Is progress ever expanding , cyclical , or helical ? What is knowledge ? How do the two square ? Should knowledge be commoditized ? Should knowledge be mysticized ? What is free will and ethical agency ? But most of all , how can all these subjects and ideas be best related?Yet , most of all , despite the ideas and the narrative , is the wonderful fact that Asimov is just flat-out a damned good writer . His prose is sometimes muscular , sometimes poetic , but always lucid and clear . His plots are not overly Byzantine , yet quite complex , his sentence and paragraph structure not ornate , but subtly seductive . How Hollywood has never optioned this book for a film is beyond me . Wait , no it 's not . Why would they want to do compelling , human-based science fiction when they can pump out the pseudo-intellectualism of a Philip K. Dick , or the vapid &uuml;r - mythography of Star Wars , and make a fortune ? Perhaps Asimov might be re-thinking his faith in Adam Smith 's invisible hand in the great beyond ?
 The main plot of the story copies the evolution of every human society . The decline and fall of empires , followed by the rise of others , depends on the same phenomena as those described here . We are puzzled by Psychohistory , but the notion itself -LRB- forecasting the future as the weather -RRB- is sound . This novel opens a range of questions and issues beyond other books of the genre .
 Isaac Asimov considered his work that eventually became the Foundation and Empire book of The Foundation Trilogy to be his best , due to his introduction of the misunderstood , mutant conqueror
 Once again , Asimov serves up a thrilling read for the sci-fi fan . The two story-lines followed in the text pertain particularly to the question of if/how spectacular individuals can alter the Plan of Hari Seldon . The first pertains to a final thrust of the Empire while the second pertains to the question of an anomalous power known as the Mule.The final expeditions of the Empire attempt to take over the foundation by means of the talented general Bel Riose . Bel Riose launches a campaign against the Foundation and pushes toward victory with nearly unprecedented ease , backed by the Imperium . This first half of the book considers the power of the individual and the mass with respect to the great movements within the Foundation according to the Plan . Although I will not reveal much more than this , I will at least say that the outcome of part one is intriguing in comparison to part two , dealing with the Mule.The second half of the story deals with the relationship of Seldon 's plan to the possibility of a mutation which begets a figure who is an extremely powerful galactic conqueror , destroying the overall political milieu foresaw by Seldon . To speak much more of this would spoil the read for you . However , I must say that it is a thrilling text which kept me on the edge of my seat all the way through the end . The ending itself was such a surprise that it indeed reminded me that I was reading Asimov , for it is just the type of intellectual curve-ball that he would throw just as the novel ends.Once again , we have a stupendous text on our hands in these two . It raises major questions about the plausibility of psycho-history , some of which are raised again in the third text in the series . I suggest this text most thoroughly to all sci-fi fans . I only suggest that you at least read Foundation before reading this book .
 But Asimov is one of the greatest science-fiction authors to have every lived . His massive work adding itself to works by other such sci-fi masters
 This book is amazing science fiction novel . Asimov 's straightforward and simple way of writing presents the reader with a concise and well formed novel . The plot is amazing with its many twists and turns , although the character development is n't very strong . However , the lack in character development comes from Asimov 's style of writing in which he presents the reader with several major characters . The entire book revolves around foreshadowing of a point in history where knowledge will be lost and barbarians will rule over an ingorant civilization . In order to shroten the period of ignorance and barbarianism , Hari Seldon forms the Foundation , a group of scholars on a planet at the edge of the galaxy . Asimov uses foreshadwing to great effect throughout the entire novel to form the plot . Another device well used by asimov is symbolism . One example is the Foundation , which is used as a symbol for hope for the future . The symbols placed throughout the novel bring about a sense of profound revelation to the reader . Irony is also used very effectively in one instance . When the encyclopedists realize that all their work was all in vain , Asimov reveals the fragility of the human intellect . He explains how the composition of human knowledge is not in one single person , but is spread out throughout all of humanity , and can not be contained within one book or one set of books .
 The trilogy is essential , but since Asimov also capitalized on his own genius by writing what seems to be hundreds of lesser Foundation stories , it can all get very confusing and a bit draining . This is the second book in the original trilogy , so it is from a science fiction point of view essential reading . The trilogy itself comes up with two highly memorable characters , Hari Seldon , the psycho-historian , who uses Mathematics to predict the future and establish a `` Foundation '' that will limit the dark ages after the fall of the `` Empire '' to a single millenium -LRB- as opposed to ten . -RRB- He reappears as a hologram at certain points in the story with more or less accurate takes on what is happening in `` History '' at that point.The other very memorable character is the Mule . He represents the variable that makes predicting `` History '' mathematically a tricky business at least , not to mention impossible . He is a nasty totalitarian character who strangely in Asimov 's hands manages to elicit some sympathy . Asimov is playing with the idea of predicting human behavior scientifically -LRB- or controlling it scientifically , -RRB- but this character is also a humanistic meditation on how masses of people get overwhelmed by evil social forces like fascism and soviet communism . You can see that Asimov lived through the era of Hitler , Mussolini , Franco and Stalin and that these cult of personality tyrants and the submission of masses of people to their destructive and sadistic wills profoundly affected his view of human nature . Foundation and Empire seems to be an attempt to come to terms with that experience , and so has something to say about the specifics of twentieth century history , as well as about historical philosophy .
 The Foundation trilogy -LRB- three first books -RRB- and the Foundation series -LRB- all seven -RRB- are often regarded as the greatest set of Science Fiction literature ever produced . The Foundation series won the one-time Hugo Award for `` Best All-Time Series '' in 1966 . Isaac Asimov was among the world 's best authors , an accomplished scientist , and he was also a genius with an IQ above 170 , and it shows in the intelligently concocted but complex plots and narrative . There are already 331 reviews for this Science Fiction novel , however , I still believe I have something unqiue to contribute which is stated in my last paragraph.This book and the rest in the series take place far in the future -LRB- allegedly 50,000 years -RRB- at a time when people live throughout the Galaxy . A mathematician Hari Seldon has developed a new branch of mathematics known as psychohistory . Using the law of mass action , it can roughly predict the future on a large scale . Hari Seldon predicts the demise of the Galactic Empire and creates a plan to save the knowledge of the human race in a huge encyclopedia and also to shorten the barbaric period expected to follow the demise from 30,000 years to 1,000 years . A select people are chosen to write the Encyclopedia and to unknowingly carry out the plan to re-create the Galactic Empire . What unfolds in this book and in the books that follow is the future history of the demise and re-emergence of a Galactic Empire , written as a series of adventures , in a similar fashion to the Star Wars series.Even though this is arguably the greatest set of Science Fiction novels ever written , I do not recommend it to those who are only mildly interested in Science Fiction . Character development is not the focus of these novels and the large amount of technical/scientific details , schemes and plots can become both confusing and heavy for the unitiated Science Fiction reader . If you read this one you will feel the need to read the others which may take a long time . If you are new to Science Fiction start with something lighter and when you are hooked you can continue with this series . Also , in my opinion the second and third books were better than the first .
 -LSB- The quotation is from Salvor Hardin , Mayor of Terminus . -RSB- Let 's say it 's around 1940 or so ; you 're studying chemistry in grad school but your true love is history ; you 've read Edward Gibbon 's _ The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire _ , but writing a historical novel set in the _ past _ would require just too much research ; you get the bright idea of writing a historical tale set in the _ future _ , about the decline and fall of a _ Galactic _ Empire , and you suggest as much to John W. Campbell , Jr.Campbell 's response
 The Foundation Trilogy is my favorite sci-fi book series , and also my favorite work by asimov . The first book in the series , Foundation , is concerned primarily with two concepts . The first is the concept that history repeats itself over and over again , and that just as great empires fell in the past , the same problems will in the future aflict empires once they become too big . And naturally after the fall of a great empire , chaos ensues . The other concept this book describes is the theory that science and mathematics are capable of predicting the trends in complex systems such as large groups of people.I am going to be honest . This book was revolutionary for its time , and a great many famous sci-fi writers were inspired after reading this book . I know that I personally could never look at world governments the same way after reading this book . It truly opens your eyes to tendancy of people to make the same mistakes over and over again , repeating the same patterns on a large scale . And not only is this book easy to read and greatly thought-provoking , it is also great fun . It uses Asimov 's trademark style . Little violence , even less sex , but a great plot and lots of cool technology . If you take science fiction at all seriously , you owe it to your self to give this book a read .
 Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- is the first SF novel in the Foundation series . Although originally a series of novelettes published separately in Astounding , it was later combined into this novel . `` The Psychohistorians '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- was created as an introduction to the series with the publication of the Gnome press novel . It describes the political maneuvering by Hari Seldon to establish the Foundation on Terminus . `` The Encyclopedists '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- relates the first of the `` Seldon Crises '' when the Foundation is caught between the retreating empire and the growing Anacreon kingdom . `` The Mayors '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- tells of the second crisis when Wienis , the Prince Regent of Anacreon , decides to take over the Foundation . `` The Traders '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- depicts the third crisis after Askone arrests a Foundation agent trying to spread the Scientism religion . `` The Merchant Princes '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- recounts the fourth crisis when a Foundation trader discovers a market for his advanced technology devices.Although the empire portrayed within this novel was actually based on the Roman empire , technology itself became a major force in the story . Thus , slavery was not a problem in this empire until it began to decline and lose its technology . This decline also allowed the Foundation to spread its influence through advanced technology.When these stories were written , computers were only laboratory toys . Thus , the original Foundation series did n't incorporate computers as such . These stories seem strangely old-fashioned without household , business and embedded computers . Nonetheless , the author did foretell the use of electronic hand calculators.The author did include computers in the robot stories written during this timeframe , but they were massive devices used in the factories to design and manufacture robots . The emphasis was upon positronic brains -- something like neural nets -- rather than true computers . Maybe our industry just has n't yet caught up to his technological projections.This novel is one of the most famous works of science fiction . While it describes future sciences far beyond current capabilities , it still inculcated a sense of the methodology underlying real science and technology . While the author went on to become a major writer of science fiction , he also became one of the best elucidators of popular science in the world.Still , this tale contains all the flaws of Campbellian science fiction . The major characters are always male . The dialogue is somewhat stilted and old-fashioned . In addition , the story contains more ideas than action . Of course , this tale is also outdated because of all the imitations and stimulations resulting from it.Highly recommended for Asimov fans and for anyone else who wants to read classic works of science fiction.-Arthur W. Jordin
 This is a gerat book to read . I read it first from all the other books in the series , and now I own all the books . That is really a great start . If you are just begining to read the series , here 's somehting to help you know the order - 1 -RRB- PRELUDE TO FOUNDATION 2 -RRB- FORWARD THE FOUNDATION 3 -RRB- FOUNDATION 4 -RRB- FOUNDATION AND EMPIRE 5 -RRB- SECOND FOUNDATION 6 -RRB- FOUNDATION 'S EDGE 7 -RRB- FOUNDATION AND EARTH -LRB- it 's out of print -RRB- ALL of these books are available at a great price here on Amazon.com , even Foundation and Earth . read the whole series if you 're a big sci-fi fan , like I am !
 OK , I admit it . I am totally incapable of writing an unbiased , objective review of this book , just as I am unable to say unbiased , objective things about my first girl friend . This was the first SF novel that I read -LRB- actually , I bought it for a friend and then read it before I gave it to him -- the beginning of a life-long nasty habit -RRB- when I was 14 . The scope of the story is breathtaking , the pace is good -- especially for Asimov who tended to be pretty wordy -- and the details engaging . Asimov wrote this as a series of connected stories for `` Astounding '' magazine , and this shows in the oddly repeated facts that allowed the ` zine readers to follow the plot even when they missed earlier stories . It also adds a certain pulpy flavor to the text , which I think works well . SF about grand civilizations that are galactic in scope does n't need to -- and probably should n't -- sound like Great Fiction . I think the gritty , quick style of Asimov 's pulp writing works well.One of my favorite things about the whole `` Foundation '' series -LRB- you need to real all three of the originals , by the way , the newer ones are optional -RRB- is the way they presaged certain now-routine SF conventions . The most notable , of course , is the globe-encovering city/planet of Trantor , most recently replicated by George Lucas in `` Star Wars
 Asimov had an active and brilliant imagination - truly , a scientist writing fiction . This series is science fiction on a grand scale . When you keep in mind that this story originated in 1951 , it is easy to see how much Star Trek , Star Wars and yes even Heinlein 's & Clarke 's later works borrowed from these ideas.Anyway , Asimov at his best was a creator ; he had amazing ideas of the universe , how it worked , and how to structure stories that manipulated the readers expectations.The Foundation series is like a spider web that continues to become more intricate and complex with each chapter . The intricacy of the plotting is amazing , although honestly it 's not self-evident in the first few stories of the first novel , given that they were published independantly , as serialized short stories told one at a time.Only with the second book did this change.The basic premise
 First I should say that this is a great book . It is the second book in the Foundation Trilogy . And if you need some help on the order of the books , here tis
 This is the first published volume -LRB- which was originally published as four short stories in `` Astounding Science Fiction '' magazine , 1942-1944 , with an introductory section written in 1949 -RRB- of Asimov 's famous trilogy , which affected many later works . This trilogy , which won a special Hugo Award in 1966 for the best science fiction series of all time , was later expanded into further volumes by Asimov -LRB- in fact , two prequels are Asimov 's `` Prelude to Foundation '' and `` Forward the Foundation '' ; after Asimov 's death in 1992 , other authors -LSB- for example , Gregory Benford 's `` Foundation 's Fear , '' Greg Bear 's `` Foundation and Chaos , '' and David Brin 's `` Foundation 's Triumph '' -RSB- have contributed to the series -LSB- note that there are now five novels that serve as prequels to Asimov 's first published Foundation book ! -RSB- -RRB- . In these stories , spacecraft travel over large distances via `` jumps . '' The ships spend most of their time in a form of hyperspace , each jump being aimed at a certain target star . The central character , Hari Seldon , is a psychohistorian . Psychohistory is the mathematics dealing with the reactions of very large masses of mankind to social and economic stimuli -LRB- and the recent advances in chaos theory in advanced mathematics lends credibility to Asimov 's psychohistory -RRB- . His calculations predicts an end to the Galactic Empire -LRB- an empire remarkably similar to the Roman Empire on Earth -RRB- . Two Foundations are set up to ease mankind through the dark area predicted -LRB- or else , the dark period will last 30000 years -RRB- and , after a thousand years , will join together to form a second Empire . Although Asimov 's early writing style leaves much to be desired -LRB- recall this was all put together in his early 20s during World War II when he worked for the U. S. Navy and when he was finishing his graduate work at Columbia Univ. -RRB- , it is still fun reading ; I enjoy every time I reread it . It is particularly enjoyable in the context of the other volumes . This first published volume has five parts . In `` The Psychohistorians , '' an introductory tale -LRB- which begins about 46 years after the events described in `` Prelude to Foundation '' and thirteen years after the events described in the last story of `` Forward the Foundation '' -RRB- , Dr. Hari Seldon and a young colleague are arrested on the planet Trantor -LRB- the governing center of the Galactic Empire -RRB- and tried for treason . Seldon 's group are to be exiled to the planet Terminus on the galactic rim where they will form a scientific refuge . Seldon also plans to set up another group somewhere else . We later learn , in Part III , that this other group -LRB- the Second Foundation -RRB- is located at a place known as Star 's End at the other end of the galaxy . In `` The Encyclopedists , '' taking place about fifty years later , a large number of members of the original Foundation are on the planet Terminus and are compiling a massive encyclopedia to prepare for the upcoming dark age . But , why were no psychobiologists and only one psychologist present among the original colonists ? The remaining three parts continue the development of the Foundation on Terminus .
 This is a great read . A lot of great characters , and interesting events take place . This book definitely advances the whole `` Foundation '' idea , but it does stand on its own .
 My sister likes to randomly give me things , based on conversations we had weeks prior that I barely remember . I must 've been talking up Asimov -LRB- the man published enough articles/books for 10 lifetimes -RRB- because one day she gave me Foundation and asked me to read it . Not having read it herself , she said the only thing she knew about it is that it 's the book that established him . In reality , the books , initially a chapter-by-chapter series in a two-bit magazine , never made him that much money until much later in his life . So it goes.You should , therefore , pick up this book knowing only that one piece of information ; this book was his `` big break . '' It starts engagingly enough
 In a twisted -LRB- mis -RRB- reading of the Foundation series , the Japanese terrorist cult Aum Shinrikyo used Asimov 's epic as a prophecy of upcoming apocalypse and converted dimsighted guru-dictator Shoko Ashara into an incarnation of Hari Seldon . Worthwhile to sharpen your wits as you read the story to see how the zealots got it wrong -- but also how they could easily pervert Asimov 's points . -LRB- See David Kaplan and Andrew Marshall 's book , `` The Cult at the End of the World . '' -RRB-
 i 've read it 4 or 5 times already and i STIL ca n't stop after i start ! it has a plot ! something most Sci-Fi seems to be severly lacking ...
 < pr > In `` Foundation , '' Asimov produces a world so real you feel you could live there and characters so great you 'd vote for them , if only you could . < pr > In `` Foundation and Empire , '' he lets a mutant psionic loose in the galaxy . The invincible foundation is overrun , the land of your beloved characters is defeated ! < pr > And THAT 'S just the start of the fun ! This book is so well written and Asimov 's universe is so well developed , you fell as if your there when the troops of `` The Mule '' land . You want to scream as the Foundation is defeated , and when you finish this book , you want to fly to the nearest bookstore to get the next one in the series . < pr > This story is amazing . Asimov has long been regarded as the best there is , the foundation series has long been reguarded as Asimov 's best , and this book is the best of the foundation trilogy . IF you do n't read it , you should never forgive yourself .
 Originally written in the 1950 's for serial publication , the Foundation Trilogy -LRB- and the additional books written in the series -RRB- is often hailed as Asimov 's greatest achievement . Certainly , the original trilogy is high on my list of `` must read '' science fiction.The Foundation Trilogy presents us with a universe controlled by the Galactic Empire . The Empire has governed the known universe for tens of thousands of years and appears to be at the zenith of its power . But the Empire is burdened by the weight of the bureaucracy needed to govern millions of worlds . Trantor , the administrative seat of the Empire is a planet completely covered by buildings . A vast , planet-wide city , it houses the millions of functionaries necessary to administer the Empire . As wealthy and as powerful as the Empire seems , disaster is just around the corner . However , only one man , Hari Seldon , is able to recognize the Empire 's impending doom.Hari is a mathematician who has developed the breakthrough field of Psychohistory . Psychohistory is the mathematical process by which the actions of people can be predicted in advance . This science does not work for predicting individual behavior , but instead predicts the behavior of a mass of humanity -LRB- billions of people -RRB- . By analyzing the Empire with Psychohistorical methods , Hari has determined that the Empire will crumble within 500 years , plunging the known universe into barbarism that will prevent a new Empire from arising for 30,000 years!Fortunately , Hari has developed a plan that , if executed , will curtail the period of galactic decay to a mere 1,000 years . However , it is unclear whether Hari can persuade the Emperor to allow him to move forward with his plan . Can Hari and his fellow scientists save the universe ? Or will the shortsighted aims of a greedy , grasping Emperor derail their plans?Although these works are science fiction , they would probably not be classed as `` hard '' science fiction . There is some necessary discussion of scientific principles , but not enough to bore any `` technophobes '' who may be reading the novels . The trilogy focuses mainly on the people involved in the Seldon plan , as opposed to the technology being used by them . Asimov always enjoyed speculating on how people would evolve and react to advanced technology and he lets his imagination run wild here.Two significant milestones were achieved with this work . First , Asimov became one of the first writers to theorize that atomic power would revolutionize society . Second , I believe Asimov was the first to present a planet that was entirely covered by buildings . The universe he creates is engaging and filled with fascinating , believable characters . Since the books were serialized , many chapters -LRB- especially in the first volume -RRB- contain complete plot lines and make the book easy to read if you need to break up your reading time into small increments . Lots of political intrigue and maneuvering keeps the action flowing through all three books.Foundation sets the stage for the rest of the series . Hari Seldon is introduced and his theories of Psychohistory are explained . Then Seldon 's Foundation is established on Terminus , a remote planet at the edge of the Empire , with the goal of shortening the period of barbarism the universe will experience . However , there are no Psychohistorians located in the Foundation ... only scientists . The planet has very few native metals and virtually no defenses . The scientists must figure out how to rule their world and fend off avaricious neighbors as the Empire begins to crumble . The majority of this first volume contains vignettes chronicling the Foundation leaders responding to various crises that Hari Seldon predicted centuries before . The crises are varied and plausible . The solutions to the problems that arise are not solved by any miraculous means , but by tough , clever political maneuvering . Watching the crises and their solutions unfold is very enthralling and keeps you turning the pages at a rapid pace.There is something here for everyone to enjoy . If you have never read this fine trilogy , buy a copy today . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Isaac Asimov has always been a better science writer than a science fiction writer . He does not have the turn of phrase , the poetic endownment , the ability to have characters change and grow and become interesting ... but , his ideas have always been cutting edge without being over the top.The vision of the breakdown of the future empire , of Hari Seldon and the school of psychohistory , the idea of setting up two Foundations at each end of the galaxy ... great elements of a story . There has been talk that Asimov `` borrowed '' these ideas from Campbell but if so , he gave them a polish and a new direction that completely transformed the otiginal ones.One must grant literary , historical and scientific license to the writer in that many of the inventions we take for granted were only glimmers in the eye of a teenager in the 50 's . The ideas are stunning in scope if not in execution . I would have loved to have seen a Heinlein or Pamela Sargent with this material . Still , it retains the reader throughout ... and sets up the next novel in the trilogy .
 I first read the Foundation series many years ago and made the mistake of loaning the books to a friend - of course , I never got them back . Recently I decided to buy the series again and once again I was amazed with how ahead of their time they were , considering how long ago they were written . The central premise of the story is imaginitive , and the plot devices by which Asimov drives the book forward are cleverly thought out.I 'm not a fan of `` laser guns and spaceships '' science fiction , and I hold to the idea that people living hundreds of years from now will fundamentally be the same as us . We wo n't be wearing silver suits and living on a diet of vitamin pills . So it 's refreshing to read a `` sci-fi '' story that does n't get bogged down with high-tech stuff , but focusses on human development . I 'd recommend it to any one , whether you 're a sci-fi geek or not .
 The ` Golden Age ' of science fiction -LRB- typically defined as the period shortly after John W. Campbell took charge of Astounding magazine to the late '40s -RRB- produced many of the seminal ideas now taken for granted -LRB- and almost cliched -RRB- by the SF genre . Foundation was certainly part of this era , defining two major ideas
 This is the first book I have read on my own and really fallen in love with . I am in 8th grade , and I found it very easy to understand and tremendously engrossing . I just could n't put it down after I started it . Sometimes I would laugh out loud as the characters would pull such amazingly witty and ingenious double-crosses on their enemies . A definite must read for any sci-fi fan .
 This is just about the best SF series ever , and this book is the best in the series . If you want to get into Asimov 's universe this is the place to start . Just as good are his Robot series . Every one of Asimov 's characters are expertly defined and easyly remembered . One of the best reads I ever had . Excellent -LRB- that 's why I wo n't spoil the plot -RRB- .
 Isaac Asimov 's Foundation is one of the most extraordinary books I 've ever read . Its brilliant plot , minute detail and far-ranging scope are unequaled . Another plus for this book is that you realised it did n't focus on 1 main character ; it 's focus was on the evolution of the Foundation as a whole . More , it 's the first book in the most famous science fiction series ever . A must-read for any serious SF fan .
 Foundation is set about 12,000 years in the future where the weakening grip of the galactic empire is showing strong signs of decline.Enter Hari Seldon , key figure in the book , whom , as per his psycho-historical mathematics claims to bring 30,000 years of barbarism down to a mere 1000 by setting up two foundations at the opposite ends of the galaxy . The story about the first Foundation follows and here asimov attacks typical sociological issues and how the infant society deals with them.It is more of a series of well-connected snapshots over several decades , rather than a contiguos moving story/time line . The only weakness of the book , if you want to call it that , is the lack of good character development ... but it doesnt impede the reader from following the twists and turns of the plot.Foundation is the first book in what is perhaps Sci-Fi 's most imaginative and complete series by Issac Asimov . It 's almost a sin to not finish the series which include -LRB- in order -RRB- foundation and empiresecond foundationfoundation 's edgefoundation and earth < -- best book of the seriesTo get most thrill out of the series , i highly recommend reading the robot series -LRB- the caves of steel , the naked sun , the robots of dawn , robots and empire -RRB- before moving on to foundation 's edge and foundation and earth .
 This book has flaws , yes , as some of the earlier reviewers have pointed out , but they are seriously missing the point if they give the book fewer than 2 stars . Asimov was a man of great ideas and scientific knowledge , but I do not believe that he ever took a creative writing class . He was writing back in the days when a writer wrote , rather than talked about writing . So , OK , some of the characters talk as though they are in a cowboy movie . So , OK , some of the dialogic phrasings are awkward or stilted . So , OK , there is only one teeny tiny female character -LRB- as a black man myself , I might aslo point out that we of the African Diaspora are noticeably absent from the futuristic roll call -RRB- . The whole idea of psychohistory is so engaging that you sit there for hours pondering it and thinking , and he was so young when he wrote this . So young . This is a great book , a true classic .
 This book , along with Frank Herbert 's Dune are the two cornerstones of science fiction . Many subsequent writers owe a debt to Foundation , which is best read within the original trilogy -LRB- Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation . It is extremely exciting for anyone with a sense of the ` epic ' questions of the fate of mankind , or for that matter , any large society or culture . A staggering achievement.It is hard to get to the end of this work and not want to pick up Foundation and Empire.Now I might add that I did not personally enjoy very much the subsequent `` interference '' with the books created by the subsequent novels - Foundations Edge , Foundation and Earth , and Prelude to Foundation . I think Asimov 's idea for the story changed as he got older -LRB- certainly the `` robot '' angle is increasingly emphasised , which I think is to the general detriment of the series -RRB- and while I have not read much literary criticism on this topic , I would suggest the original idea was better .
 I first read these books when I was in high school and althoughI almost never read fiction , and do n't particularly like sciencefiction -LRB- even though I studied geophysics in university andwork as an engineer -RRB- , these books made an immense impressionon me . As I began to study Judaism , I finally discovered thatAsimov , a non-observant , yet knowledgable Jew , was using theformat of science fiction to describe the Jewish concept of theredemption of mankind . A careful reading of the BiblicalProphets shows that the ideal world that history is leadingmankind towards has universal peace between nations and ade-emphasis of technology in favor of the development of man ` sinner , morespiritual side . However , this development of man 's spiritualqualities and move towards universal harmony is accompaniedby upheavels and wars . Jewish tradition also says that theworld is sustained by 36 `` hidden '' righteous people whosegood deeds and spritual superiority are vital from preventingthe destructive forces in the world , both natural andman-made from overcoming everything and leading the worldto chaos.Asimov used the two Foundations as his vehicle for describingthis cosmic process , and an important part of the story isthe necessity of the Second Foundation to remain `` hidden '' toallow the process to work itself out.As far as the story itself is concerned , it is true that it isdated ... for example , Asimov places the capital of the GalacticEmpire on the planet Trantor which `` is at the center of theGalaxy '' . Today , it is believed that the center of the galaxyis full of black holes and lethal amounts of radiation , so itis unlikely there would be life as we know it there . Also , Asimov posits atomic energy as being the ultimate form of powerbut physics has advanced beyond that point to fusion and otherexotic forms of power.On the other hand , Asimov wrote these stories in the wake ofthe Second World War and so he is quite aware of how so manyinstitutions created by men ... including governments and religiousestablishments , even starting with the bestof intentions , seems to run into crises . Thus the GalacticEmpire , which brought centuries of peace and prosperity tomankind , is brought inevitably to a point of degeneration , andhow the -LRB- First -RRB- Foundation itself , founded by idealistic , intelligent people who are at least partly aware of theirimportant role in shaping a better future for mankind , rapidlydegenerates into a repressive dictatorship.As others have pointed out , these stories have almost no `` action '' , which is fine with me -LRB- my favorite movies and TV shows alsohave no action , e.g. Twelve Angry Men -RRB- and in spite of thefact that these stories are 60 years old , I recommend themto anyone who wants a deeper look at mankind 's natureand its destiny .
 I do not know much about science fiction . For this reason , I read < Foundation > just as I read a fiction . Although so far I read only the first one of the trilogy , I liked it.What is interesting and strange at the same time in this book is that , in every chapter , a new main character appears . It takes time for a reader to develop familiarity with a character and to get interested and affected by the character 's thoughts and actions . By the time one forms such a tie with the character , however , the chapter somewhat abruptly ends and the character is finished ! The chapters of this book , therefore , could be seen as self-contained short stories loosely connected by the theme of the development of the Foundation over one thousand years.One thing about this kind of way in which each chapter unfolds is that it may well have been inevitable for the author because he had to cover so long a time period . The other thing is that somehow it leaves a lot of room for a reader to think back more about what a character did in each crisis and how history set the stage for the crisis , whether this effect was intended or not by the author.This book was a good read both entertaining and thought-provoking .
 I always enjoy reading Isaac Asimov 's writing , and foundation was no exception . The plot is imaginative and original , like much of Asimov 's writing . Foundation is set in the future , a time when our galaxy is ruled by a failing empire . Hari seldon , a psychologist , must prevent the galaxy from falling into anarchy and barbarism by creating a foundation of scientists . Foundation is fun to read , and provides ample entertainment . I recommend reading it .
 This is the first book in the famous Foundation trilogy . The story is simple . It 's over 50,000 years in the future and humans have spread throughout the whole galaxy , with millionsof worlds and quintillions of people united by an Empire . However , the empire is crumbling.Enter Hari Seldon , the pioneer of psycho-history - a kind of complete , mathematical social science that uses statistical averages and modelling to predict social trends in large populations for thousands of years to come . Hari 's studies show that the collapse of the empire is invevitable . However , if he takes action now , the period of suffering before the next empire might be decreased from 30,000 years to 1000 . So , he establishes two foundations on opposite sides of the galaxy to follow his master plan . This book is the story of the first foundation.As a work of literature , expect no marvels of prose or metaphor . Most of the chapters are dialogue between people . There is also little characterisation and a blatant disregard for the `` show , do n't tell '' rule of writing . All of these things are there because the trilogy covers hundreds of years . As such , this novel is divided into 5 books with a gap of decades or centuries between each . The whole text is very episodic as we watch an entire civilisation emerge from a modest group of scientists to a powerful force in the outskirts of the galaxy.So , the concepts of the book were what I found interesting . Of course , the whole premise that human history can be mathematically be mapped out as a kind of law of averages seems ridiculous to me . I do n't think that Asimov believed that either - he just saw it as an interesting idea for a story . The great Hari Seldon maps out the future history of the Foundation , ensuring that it basically has one cosmic path to follow - one which will end in laying the seeds for the new Galactic Empire.The first book details with around the first 200 years of the foundation , as several crises are encountered by individuals as forces of history . With few military resources , the leaders are forced to rely on their wit . I 'm onto the second book now so should find out if that wit was enough.A great read in that you 'll find in interesting even if you are n't a great science fiction fan - it has very unique perspectives social `` science '' and what makes a civilization .
 Asimov was one of the incredible path-breakers for science fiction , and the Foundation books are thought by many to make up one of the best and most far-reaching series of the entire genre . While Asimov was a biochemist by trade , he certainly understood the circular pattern of human history , regardless of the amount of technology available to mankind.Foundation is about the fall of the Galactic Empire that has ruled for times immemorial -LRB- so long , in fact , that the memory of the legendary `` Earth '' is but a myth -RRB- . The Empire 's fall will obviously result in much chaos as the wheels of law struggle to beat back the inevitable barbarians who rise to loot and pillage -LRB- rather than rebuild -RRB- the riches of the old Empire . All of this seems a rather bleak future for humanity , yet Asimov is a hopeless optimist -LRB- at least in my eyes -RRB- in that he sees the resilience of people as ever reaching . The Foundation series is therefore a group of novels about the ways in which humanity restores itself even after all seems lost . `` Foundation '' , the first novel in the series , focuses on a colony formed by one who foresees the destruction of the Empire , a man named Hari Seldon . Seldon therefore attempts to minimize the effects of the collapse by building a community made up of intellectuals called the `` Foundation '' . The book is divided into three separate stories at completely different times in the history of Seldon 's paradise , one at the formation of the Foundation , another at its troublesome infancy , and the last at the time that the Foundation becomes economically independent -LRB- it becomes internally capitalistic and externally somewhat imperialistic -RRB- . Each story rather stands alone and , while the last is somewhat disappointing , each is worthy in its own right.Highly recommended ; if you do n't read this book , you ca n't understand science fiction as a genre .
 Hari seldom , the man who predicted the fall of the empire in the first book , established foundations on each end of the galaxy to prevent the rise of a dark age . The fallen empire from the first part of the book has incresed it 's strength and with that strength , it plans to seize control of the foundation . With an ambitious and skilled general , and dozens of battle fleets , the foundation faces it 's greatest enemy.Personally , I liked the second part with the mule better then the war with the empire , because the main characters have nothing to do with the foundations victory , which makes the plot not a major factor for the story , but this also leads the reader into more surprises for the end of the section . `` I am the mule '' . As the reader discovers the identity of the speaker , all loose ends are tied up while creating a great twist for the end . Even though Seldon 's predictions guide the foundation to overcome the first four crises , this is the book where his predictions turn the foundation into a disaster . A mutant is born , having the power to fight against any great power of the galaxy , a man that is able to defeat dozens of battle fleets , with the intelligence greater then any scientist of the foundation . . The second part of the book is full of surprises , so please finish the book if you have started it or you might miss one of the best plots in science ficiton . While reading the story of the two couple 's adventures , the reader needs to think deeply in their every move . Isaac lets the reader feel the negative consequences in prediction . The more hope the foundation has on Hari Seldon 's prediction , the greater fall they will need to suffer . Although the plot of the couple 's is resolved , the foundations destiny is discovered in the third book , the second foundation . I believe any reader that has read this book will definitely also need to read , the second foundation , so I recommend buying both books .
 This is truly a defining book for the genre of science fiction . The beauty of this tale is that Asimov began penning it when he was only twenty one years old . The story centers around a falling empire and the many characters throughout its history that define it . It also deals with a sort of scientific prophecy in what is termed `` psychohistory '' . This is the manner in which the future can be predicted using scientific evidence and the laws of probability . This is truly a masterpiece of the genre . A standard which all sci-fi authors should hope to attain . I would recommend this read to anyone that is a science fiction fan . Many readers are familiar with Orson Scott Card . This is the novel which prompted him to become a writer . That this novel is a cornerstone in the genre is an understatment .
 This was the first book I have read by Isaac asimov and I can say it was worth the wait . While this book is very old it is still an excellent read . Asimov presents a very convincing future for humanity . The book is broken into several sections that were originally short stories in a sci-fi magazine . They gel togethor perfectly and the overall story is wonderful . This book details Hari Seldon and his prediction of the fall the galactic empire and the rise of barbarism for 30000 years . He however thinks he can avert the disaster and only have 3000 years of barbarism in the galaxy . Based on this he sets up two seperate foundations that are supposed so achieve this goal . This book is focused on the first foundation and it 's trials as the fall of the galactic empire begins.THe characters in this book are good . While each section is short you really empathize with the characters and their lives . The plot is excellent some of the suprises he throws at you are quite extrodinary . My only complaint is some the terminology in this book is quite old and often times is quite funny to read . However the ideas , characters , and plot make up for the archaic wording in the book.I would recommend this book to any science fiction fan !
 The story of Foundation continues in F&E ; , with the stories in this book taking us through the final fall of the old Galactic Empire and the power vacuum left in its wake . The most known aspect of the second book however , is the idea that psychohistory is limited in that it is not able to predict aspects caused by wild chance -- and in this second Foundation book , wild chance threatens Foundation in the person of a powerful mutant called the Mule.Well-written , as Asimov always is .
 The book is an excellent source of infformation about the early days of the Girl Guides in Great Britain !
 A different and refreshing approach to investing . Rather than trying to predict the future with analysis -LRB- techical , fundamental or whatever -RRB- why not take advantage of the unending price cycles by buying high quality stocks at a relative low point and selling when they have risen as they inevitably will .
 Brainwashing of the American Investor provided invaluable insight into today 's Wall Street . Steve 's personal experienceon the Street provides the reader with information that one only ` wonders about ' , but now it 's in black print for all to see!Steve also provides enormous amounts of information regarding his investing ` style ' -- one that appears too simplistic at first , but is based on steadfast rules and established algorithms.I have definitely benefitted from the book -- for personal edification as well as financial growth ! Hats off to Stevefor a treasure load of info ... definitely a ` small investment ` for a much bigger payout down the road !
 Mr. Selengut presents a realistic approach to investing . He identifies how to achieve continued returns from high quality stocks and bonds . He outlines basic criteria needed to make sound investments and sets realistic targets for profit . A must read for all investors who want to take the profit .
 Written in a conversational style with plenty of humor , this book gives you the questions and answers you need to keep and increase monies that are being put away for investing and retirement . This book lays out a program for getting the best bang for your bucks , and gives an eye opening education on how the '' Market '' really works . I have purchased three books already and am purchasing five more to give to friends and relatives who want to salvage their portfolios from the `` SHARKS '' on Wall Street .
 It was EASY for an investor to make money in the 90 's . Buy a mutual fund and watch it grow.This book presents the problems facing an investor today.Do you know anyone who who has an IRA or a 401K that is worth more than they invested in it?Like a `` Dutch uncle , '' Steven R. Selengut explains todays market is today and how to overcome the pitfalls . > > > HOW to MAKE MONEY in a market where everyone around you is in a deep depression.It does require one to THINK . To review all your holdings on a regular basis . To search out companies that have VALUE and income , NOT hype . The days of making it by blindly buying and holding mutuals are over.Study this book , follow Steven R. Selengut 's advice and you will easily earn 20 % a year . A simple plan , but not an easy one.-Your turn , what will you do ?
 Some of the reviews I 've heard and read here and elsewhere contain criticism of Mr Selengut 's journalistic style , grammar , spelling and even the relatively amateur way the book appears to have been typeset . SO WHAT ?! If you are prepared to follow his easy-to-follow advice ; to pay attention to the detail and to do your own individual stock research , it 's worthwhile . I read the book twice and highlighted the most important points the second time around . In three and a half months , I have realized profits of $ 44,176 and unrealized net gains of $ 7,509 . Not bad for an investment of a little time every day and under -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for the book !
 This is a must read especially now . Wall Street is brain washing us again . They are saying the same things now that they did in 1999/2000 before the Crash . Everyone needs Steve 's sage advice now . You know the saying , `` Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . '' Wall Street is trying to fool us again . Everyone needs a strategy and discipline that Steve has developed that is about keeping your profits .
 This is really an incredible book ! Steven Selengut has incorporated very creative insight with some highly original thinking to produce one of the best `` investing manuals '' ever written ! I wholeheartedly endorse this book !
 MUST READ - I 've read this book 3 times within the first week that it was given to me . I am constantly referencing it on a daily basis to ensure that Steve 's investment strategy is my main focus and that I 'm not reverting back to my old more emotional investment M/O . The book goes into depth of how to choose a diversification of quality income producing investments . The strategy is methodical and the first month I implemented it on my accounts I started to see results ... my profits improved and I 'm ensured a monthly income even if I do n't trade ! ... oh yea , he also addresses the psychology of the average investor which I think almost everyone can relate to some aspect and the importance of kicking those habits . I 've even missed out on some buying opportunities because I have n't kicked one of my old bad habits of purchase indecisiveness even though the book 's strategy told me to buy it . Most importantly , I 'm not a fan of those college fund plans and instead have set up a brokerage account for my kids ' college fund and I am no longer fearful of losing their college funds because I can trade with confidence ... . This book is a - MUST READ !
 I 've read a bunch of books on investing and money management , and this is the best , BY FAR !!!!! It 's so good , and refreshing , that I 've read it twice .
 Steve Selengut 's `` Brainwashing of the American Investory '' is an eye-opening and intelligent book , which at once offers an analysis of the investment industry and a smart and practical guide to non-professional investors . Selengut is wary of the conventional wisdom of investing professionals , who appear to have abandoned the tried and true principles of investment , in favor of super-hype , organizatioanl conformity , and greed.Selengut 's back-to -- basics approach builds on his critique of the Wall Street hypsters and their bandwagon mentalities . Instead , he serves up a clear set of economic princples , mixed with sound commonsensical advice.The book is simply a gem for someone who is not an investment professiional . We are reminded that one can make money by buying low and selling higher , but importantly , not infinitely higher , since avoiding greed is one of Selengut 's most sagacious homilies
 There are money-making opportunities in the financial markets , but the first thing an investor should do is ignore much of what comes out of `` Wall Street . '' The investor should especially ignore the phone call from the new MBA at a brokerage firm pushing some hot new stock that is supposedly `` about to take off . '' The stock is being pushed because of the size of the commission on any purchases . If the stock is so wonderful , does the broker have it in his or her own portfolio ? Next week , some other stock will be `` about to take off . '' The investor can also expect a call from a broker saying that their mutual funds or municipal bonds perform much better than what the investor is in now . How about a switch ? More transactions equals more commissions . Wall Street does not do anything for free . Even if something sounds `` no fee '' or `` no-load , '' the brokerage will get its fee somewhere.The investor should certainly keep up with the business news , but do not spend hours and hours every day at it ; that will not leave any time for actual trading . Go through the Sunday paper and come up with a list of buying possibilities . These are May Buy stocks , as opposed to Will Buy . Just some basic information is needed about each stock , like its 52-week high/low and yesterday 's close . If a stock is down at least 20 % from its 52-week high -LRB- not 19.5 % -RRB- , move it onto your Will Buy list . When choosing a broker , is it really worth going through several minutes of Press 1 and Press 2 , before you reach a human , while the price of your stock goes in the wrong direction , all to save a few dollars on the commission ? Pay the extra commission , and choose a broker where a human really is just a phone call away.It is easy to buy a stock , but much harder to know when to sell it . If your stock rises from 20 % to 10 % below its 52-week high , sell it . Do not get greedy , and wait for it to rise just one more point ; it may never come . There will be other opportunities . Besides , a double digit profit in the stock market is nothing to scoff at . On the other hand , if your stock continues to slide into oblivion , know when to cut your losses . There will be other stocks.This book seems to be much easier to understand than the stock trading `` systems '' advertised on TV and in the Business section of the local book store . The experienced investor may kick themselves , realizing the money they have given to Wall Street , for little or no reason . It is also recommended for novice investors , and even non-investors -LRB- like yours truly -RRB- .
 Steve selengut has been my portfolio manager for 12 years . Over that time , he has practiced what he preaches in his book , all to my personal gain . Bravo , for telling it like it is , and then practicing what he preaches . More important
 Steve Selengut is a RIA whom I became aware of while searching for an investment advisor a few years ago . I am not a client of his , nor acquainted with him . However I follow his investment articles on the internet.Steve 's investment strategy as presented in this book , I would describe as value investing with a high annual turnover as distinguished from buy-and-hold . He shows in this book that with a modest 10 % profit target , and trading several times during the year , one can achieve an annual return of over 20 % . One does not have to aim for '10 baggers ' etc. . He teaches investors to view their stock portfolio much as a business views its inventory - to be ` turned over ' through sales . Those readers with a finance background may be familiar with the DuPont formula which shows that ROA can be increased by asset turnover . This is the same principle Selengut uses -LRB- although he does n't call it the DuPont principle -RRB- . It 's an insightful approach and for me , is the great lesson of this book.For risk management , he does not use market timing or stop-loss orders - he believes that by investing only in high S&P ; rated companies , one can manage losses . How does his strategy perform in bear markets ? In Dec of 2010 he stated that his model equities portfolio had just recovered its Sept 2007 high -LRB- ie . after three years -RRB- . Thus although not immune to losses , this portfolio recovered its losses more quickly than a passive index-fund portfolio for the same period . However the high trading frequency with this strategy would also incur higher costs . I wonder how that would affect the net return , compared to a passive strategy.Prose-wise , the book is rather wordy , and takes effort to get through . It lacks a summary chapter in which the author 's investment strategy is outlined in one place . Instead the investment strategy is laid out piecemeal throughout the entire book . You have to do quite a lot of reading to `` get it '' . Nevertheless , this book provides an approach to high-turnover investing that I have never seen explained anywhere else . Of all the books on investing that I have read , this is one of the few that truly challenges index investing .
 If you had to pick one book on investing in the stock market , this is it . I even give it as a gift to friends whom I know would benefit just as I have . My only regret is I wished I received it sooner.For many investing is a very personal decision , which probably explains why less than 2 % successfully become financially independent . Many succumb to the latest fads or investment trends on Wall Street , long forgetting that investing is a disciplined , systematic process and not the latest get rich quick scheme.Buy-low-sell-high , profit taking , asset allocation and portfolio diversification , working capital , and investment grade stocks were pushed aside by the mutual fund craze , hedge funds , ETFs , and derivatives . But these basic tried and true fundamental investment principles are brought back to life and enthusiastically explained in this book . If you ever wanted to truly understand how investing works and learn a proven method as well , start here .
 BUY THIS BOOK ... and read it ... until the message sinks in!I 've long been skeptical of the generic advice handed down to me by -LRB- well-meaning -RRB- advisors over the past decade-and-a-half . Buy and hold . Dollar cost average . Let the mutual fund professionals manage the money and you can sleep easy at night . `` Funny , '' I thought , `` I do n't know any wealthy people who do this ! '' Yet it was good enough for me , while I focussed on career and family life.Well , now I have a frame of reference for my doubts about ` the system , ' and have a simple plan to take control of my investments , thank to Steve . I thought that perhaps some of the advice in his book might not apply to a Canadian , but I was wrong.Thanks so much Steve .
 The Brainwashing Of The American Investor by investment manager and advisor Steven Selengut is a basic and realistic guide to what Wall Street tends to gloss over or conceal from the mainstream public when it comes to financial investments in stocks and bonds . Ranging from the real scoop on annuities , to a variety of tips , tricks , and techniques for buying low and selling high -LRB- er -RRB- , The Brainwashing Of The American Investor offers unique insights and wisdom for investors of varying experience levels . The Brainwashing Of The American Investor is written specifically for the non - specialist general reader with little or now previous experience with Wall Street investing -- and for those whose investment portfolios have been so badly abused in the recent rash of corporate corruption scandals .
 Steve Selengut really nails it with this chock-full-of-sound-advice book on investing . Makes you think that maybe the wrong people are in charge of trying to get us out of the current economic mess . Plus it has a fantastic back cover endorsement !
 What I have to say sounds pretty outrageous , but its all completely true with no exaggeration . * This book turns the risk/reward correlation on its head - higher reward is actually correlated with lower risk with this approach . * Higher income from bonds than stocks by using leveraged Closed-end funds ! * Trading blue chips stocks to get consistent year after year 20 % returns ! * Selecting winning trades in minutes ! * A winner to loser trade ratio exceeding 20 to 1 ! * Managing a portfolio with no more stress than balancing a checkbook ! * A system that mananges cash levels automatically ! * An entry/exit system that generates patience and confidence ! * Consistent month after month returns - all positive compounding ! * Positive results in bull , bear , or sideways markets.Oh , and sucess without constantly monitoring the market outlook . I had to stop watching the Wall street TV shows that I 'd become addicted to as they were getting in the way of making money.The approach requires effort to learn and practice to coordinate the parts -LRB- but the author runs online seminars -RRB- and it does become second nature.There are some things Mr Selengut could add to his next edition that are important to a person trying to adopt the system . * How to transition a large portfolio patiently and prudently . * A clearer explanation of how to sort out the better `` channel trading stocks '' * How to avoid the failures in the rearward looking S&P ; ranking system . * A similar mechanical system for selecting and trading CEFs * A `` Test drive '' mini portfolio that can be tried using only a couple of CEFs and small number of equities , that can be used to prove the worth of the approachI looked at the reviews that gave a low rating to this book and , not to criticize , I see that they did not grasp the most fundamental take-away that this book offers . That is the notion that in the increasingly volatile markets , you need to stop trying to control what you can not and start focusing on what you can control . You control the growing level of income generation and the increasing size of the capital base that generates it . This is against what wall street preaches but it is what actually works in turning your portfolio into an annuity with a predictable high -LRB- 20 % -RRB- payout - and with minimal effort and the ability to sleep through anything that the market throws at us.In the past forty years I went from mutual fund buy and hold , to active trading -LRB- now going on 20 years -RRB- and after two years with this system , I see that everything I previously learned was pretty much completely the opposite of what I needed to be doing . I was googling for information on closed-end funds when I found this book , and having the experience I had , I was struck by the truth of what the author was saying and decided to get a copy after studying the sample material . It took some months to actually get the system working right and I made a good number of mistakes but I see that they are nothing to panic over . Most of the holdings that are down now will most certainly come back over the next market cycle and I 'm getting dividends that are far better than any bond interest . I only wish I had discovered this book sooner .
 Over time , I have tried many different stock programs , but this is the only one that works because it is based on common sense , not pie in the sky fantasy . If you are looking for good returns on your money with good safety of principal , then this is the book for you .
 THE BRAINWASHING OF THE AMERICAN INVESTOR IS WRITTEN IN AN EXCITING , ENTHUSIASTIC FAST MOVING STYLE THAT READS LIKE A NOVEL !! I AM NOT A STOCK MARKET INVESTOR FOR MOST OF THE REASONS MR. SELENGUT SHOWS US IN THIS BOOK TO AVOID . AS A PROFESSIONAL REAL ESTATE INVESTOR WITH 40 YRS EXPERIENCE I HAVE ADVISED MANY WOULD BE INVESTORS AND HAVE GIVEN THEM 2 PIECES OF ADVICE THAT I SAW IN THE BOOK `` wHY WOULD YOU TAKE ADVICE FROM ANYONE WHO HAS NO INVESTMENTS OF HIS OR HER OWN '' AND THE VERY BASIC `` BUY LOW , SELL HIGH '' . CLEARLY STEVE UNDERSTANDS THE ART OF INVESTING AND WRITES ABOUT IT IN AN INTERESTING AND ENTERTAINING WAY . SHOULD I EVER VENTURE INTO THE STOCK MARKET IT WILL BE WITH HIS BOOK AND HIS PERSONAL ASSISTANCE
 The ideas made sense to me , so I am trying it with real money . So far -LRB- in a good market -RRB- I am up about 10 % in 3 months .
 Finally the truth ! What an eye-opener to see how the markets , and the people behind the markets , have manipulated the average investor over the years . I have found Steve 's book informative , clearly written , and an absolute must have , for all who desire knowledge on the markets we invest in . When people only have personal gain as a motive instead of your success you better beware ! I highly recommend Steve and his book for your next financial read .
 In these trying times , when our investments seem to be vanishing before our eyes , along comes Steven Selengut with his down-to-earth reader-friendly handbook on how we got the wool pulled over our eyes as get-rich-quick gamblers , & better yet , how to unravel that mess & become wise enduring investors.Money management wo n't be nearly so confusing to the everyday investor after we finished THE BRAINWASHING OF THE AMERICAN INVESTOR . It is a thorough study of the investment world , how to not be abused by it , & how to use it to our advantage
 Steve Selengut really knows his stuff . Follow his system andwatch your net worth GROW for a change !
 You can take this system to heart and to the bank.Better yet , have Sanco Services manage your money and it will be done right . Then all you do not have to do anything except enjoy your monthly statements.It works for me .
 I 've spent well over $ ... on my investment library . So many of the books blend together with little worth remembering let alone implementing , but this is one of two that stands out . Besides being written in an entertaining and irreverant style -LRB- if you 're an accountant , attorney , or Wall Streeter , look out ! -RRB- , it has immensely practical advice.Steve is one of 2 authors I 've read that focuses on making money on the market 's inherent volatility vs. trying to guess what 's next . Unlike Technicians who play volatility AND try to guess what 's next , Steve just assumes that it -LRB- volatility -RRB- will be there , like the waves on the ocean -LRB- interesting that he has a beach house ! -RRB- . Using safe stocks , he buys lower and sells higher , no greed , just take what the market is going to give you . Saves a lot of time and appears to work.It would be nice to see some historical results documented in the book , but his site does provide some numbers to evaluate.The other author ... Robert Lichello , recently deceased . Zany book , but accurate . Steve adds the missing ingredient - safety .
 I heard a short segment on Stu Epperson 's radio show as he discussed investments with Steven Selengut . I heard enough to prompt me to search for his book on the internet . As a securities rep. myself , Steve appears to be `` right on the money '' . I did n't want to put the book down until I was through . Steve 's trading strategy is refreshing information that should make a lot of people a lot of money with less risk . I have even contacted him with a couple of questions and was pleased with his prompt and courteous response . Thank you Steve for sharing your success with everyone . In your next book , please remember that all `` advisors '' are not `` sharks '' , some of us do put our clients first .
 As I write this -LRB- 11-27-2007 -RRB- , the markets are getting ready to open after closing down the previous day . The Dow Jones industrial average has fallen nearly 240 points and the headline in the local paper is screaming `` Wall Street suffers another big hit . '' Serious-faced announcers on cable-TV are saying the Dow is down 10.03 percent from its mid-October closing high , officially putting the blue chip index past the 10 percent threshold that signifies a correction.For Steven R. Selengut , author of The Brainwashing of the American Investor , corrections such as this are as welcome as rallies . The market , he points out , is just doing what the market has always done . `` Here is some advice that you just wo n't hear on CNBC or read in The Journal , '' he writes in this revised edition of an earlier book bearing the same name . `` It is based on one incredibly simple market fact
 As an individual investor who has manged my own investments for over 40 years , I found The Brainwashing of the American Investor to be a terrific guideline for the future . Not only did I identify many many mistakes that I made thru the years , but the logical approach outlined by Steven Selengut has to make sense to anybody who has tried to get meaningfull portoflio guidelines -LRB- from Wall Street brokers , advisors , etc -RRB- for future investments tailored to individual needs . After 3 years of going downhill the buy and hold approach for stocks , bonds and mutual funds is dead . Great Book !!!!!
 I heard Steven Selengut on a talk-radio program and was intrigued by the premise of the book . My intrigue led me to purchase the book , which was an eye-opening experience . After reading it , I 'm convinced I had been sucked in by my former financial advisors to purchase products which I did n't need and cost too much . Instead of jumping in with both feet and totally revamping my investment habits , I 've followed Steve 's advice and gone into it slowly . I 'm migrating from mutual funds -LRB- and annuities -RRB- to individual , high quality equities . My next step is to start purchasing bonds , as soon as the rates recover . Although the information provided is n't anything new , it was a slap in the face to make me stop my destructive investing habits .
 What an eye opener ! At last a book about investing that tells it how it is . Those who read `` THE BRAINWASHING of THE AMERICAN INVESTOR '' will be a lot harder to fool . Selengut helps investors learn to `` watch '' the lemmings and not follow them to financial ruin . Wall Street loves to convert investor funds to their own bottom line . Here the author tells it like it is and shows how to avoid being `` BRAINWASHED '' and `` HOW TO '' plan to successful investing . Way to go !
 This book is an expanded version of the author 's first book , originally titled _ A Millionaire 's Secret Investment Strategy _ . This book is part expos&eacute; -LRB- about 30 % -RRB- and part technique -LRB- 70 % -RRB- . It explains how the author made his million -LRB- in real dollars , not in market value -RRB- actually investing -LRB- not writing about investing , not by commissions , and not by salary from a mutual fund company -RRB- . That background separates the author from about 99 % of all other authors who write about the stock market.It 's defintely an eye-opener book . The technique or strategy presented is almost a `` why did n't I think of that ? '' kind of strategy . Basically , the idea is to run your portfolio the same way you would run a business . It 's not a get-rich-quick kind of plan , but because stock market investing is a compounding activity -LRB- the more you make the more you can invest -RRB- , you can grow geometrically instead of linearly.The other nice feature of this strategy is that it requires a minimal amount of analysis compared to many others that I 've seen . You just focus on the essential measures of quality -LRB- and they are essential -RRB- . Be warned though
 I brought the book a year ago , and both my wife and I read it cover to cover . Based on the book I instituted a trading system using simple tools as Steve suggested , but putting in the time on a daily and weekly to analyze the market.I now plan to retire on my 60th birthday and use the Steve 's investment logic to generate added income from our previous investments . I have changed my approach to investing by ignoring the stories that tend to addle and down right confuse the brain.I know that I as continue I will probably change a few things here and there that I find will find to be better . I believe that having a logical approach to investing that takes you away from the normal hysteria associated with the financial news can allow you to relax and enjoy life.Great book Steve and thanks for not keeping it to your self .
 Unlike the many other investment books , this book is a real eye-opener ! The methodology presented is a real world technique that seems almost too easy . This is not a get-rich-quick plan , but it is a strategic plan that can definately increase financial worth . After a few months of mock investing , I fired my `` Securities Manager '' and with a minimal amount of analysis , I have out performed his yearly return every since.As every investor should know , every business has it 's ups and downs . Sometimes your portfolio will be very profitable , while at other times the profits may be slow . The key is to manage you losses correctly . All of which is covered in the book .
 As an avid reader , I found this book fun and interesting . If there were any grammatical errors , the proofreader -LRB- s -RRB- would be responsible for their escape . The English pronounce words differently and also spell some common words differently than Americans . As far as any needed research , where were the errors?I think this book deserves a better review . It is an enjoyable , quick and intriguing read .
 We are using the activities from this book at our 4-H Club meetings . The age range is from 9 - 18 and I have had not problems finding activites that work for everyone .
 This book has a wide variety of activities that are easy to implement and can fit any kind of group . Every one who works with people should have this book .
 Let 's say that I 'll never be a microbiologist , but I needed to get through microbiology to stay in nursing school . Microbiology Demystified is getting me through my microbiology course . I take it to class so I can lookup anything I do n't understand . This book is right on target so far . I 've been pulling a B + . Now if they only had a demystified book for my other nursing courses I would be home free .
 This was a great find . I was talking a microbiology course this summer as part of my RN program , but the teacher was confusing and the textbook was too technical . I took a chance and got a hold of a copy of this book . They should have used this as the textbook . Everything is written clearly , perfectly at the level I needed . I have a friend who is taking micro in the fall and she is going to use this book instead of buying the text .
 This book got me through microbiology with a B + . Any easy read . Tech jargon is defined and explained in every day English . Much better than the textbook they required us to buy and for a fraction of its price . Ca n't go wrong buying this .
 This book clarifies and simplifies highly technical science writing into completely comprehensible concepts without `` dumbing down '' the text . It 's a great review for those who are familiar with Microbiology , and a wonderful summary for those who are just learning it . Microbiology Demystified is a great investment for any science student !
 I was terrified of microbiology heading in , it seemed like it would be so difficult . After all , I had just finished the human anatomy & physiology series and those studies are so involved , I could n't imagine how I was going to study the a & p of microscopic bacteria ! I bought this book , and it did help . It 's a much easier read than the course textbook , but I do n't think I would have gotten an A in the class if I relied solely on it . Your textbook will cover things in much greater detail , and it 's likely that the details will come up on exams . So , get this book and read it as a study guide and overview alongside your text . In some cases it can help make clear what the textbook is trying to say in very technical speak .
 I purchased this text to help review for the FNP examination . It is a quick-read resource , definately one to review with before jumping in to the medical books and journals . I would strongly recommend it for your medical library . It proves to be a good spring board for study .
 I 'm currently taking microbiology and ended up getting this ebook because I could n't afford the textbook . This book is worth so much more than the current cost - its the best $ 15 I spent this term.So far its covered every last thing that has been covered in lecture , although sometimes with slightly different terminology . If you stumble onto this page while searching for your undergrad microbiology textbook look no farther . Buy this severely under priced ebook , read it , stay awake in class , and you 'll get an A.The Amazon , the author , or the publisher really should consider raising the price on this thing a little . Not that I 'm a fan of spending more money , but because people associate cost with quality . Amazon could charge 3 times as much for this thing and it would _ still _ be a better value than any text book on the market .
 The book was in great shape , very minty ! Demystified books really have excellent ways of relaying the message definitely a great study aide
 Great book for supplementing the college text , as a primer before starting Micro . It strikes a good balance between being too easy or too hard .
 Even before I began this course I was terrified . Just the word `` Microbiology '' terrified me . This textbook is wonderful . It is easy to understand and it makes the course material fun to learn . I would definitely recommend this textbook for any beginning Microbiology course .
 I 'm going back for a second degree after 21 years . This book is very easy to understand and will make my class a lot easier and enjoyable . Great seller , quick shipping . I would highly recommend .
 This book offers a lively introduction to microbiology for beginners . It is very informative and many interesting topics are covered . In particular , I enjoy reading about microbial genetics , recombinant DNA technology -LRB- genetic engineering , gene therapy , DNA fingerprinting , industrial & agricultural applications -RRB- , immune system , antimicrobial drugs and its activity . However , it is disappointing to find a few typos .
 A nice overview that skims the surface pretty well . The only major downside to it is that it really targets people who are going into the medical field . It seems to ignore any other applications of microbiology other than in health -LRB- e.g. environmental applications -RRB- .
 I love this book !! It is an easy read and provides problem-solving approaches and communication techniques that improve the behavior of children , teens , and adults . It further identifies social issues resulting in the breakdowns of our moral intelligence with reminders on how to improve .
 I have a sixteen-year-old who is questioning all morals . I was finding it difficult to put into words the importance of morals . I bought this book for her to read . She is n't reading it , but I am and I 'm finding it very helpful in facilitating discussions with her . At dinner time I bring up one of the seven moral virtues and ideas that the book presents . I 've found that it leads to great conversations with her about character and moral behaviors . It has given me the words for concepts that can be difficult to convey in our current morally challenging times . I recommend buying this book when your children are young and referencing it often .
 Very well written . Practical applications for implementation in your own family . I did not know how i was going to effectively teach our values to our children outside of trying to lead by example . This spelled it out for me . I have seen it work , my children are embracing these values and are developing characters any mother would be proud of . Even when they do wrong , they are usually aware of it and do apologize sincerely .
 This book is a must read for every parent . We need to bring up our children to be morally responsible citizens . Each chapter shares ideas and simple acitivities on how to plant the seeds to produce people you would want to be in charge of running the world . It also reaffirms that as a parent you have the most important role in shaping your child . As a counselor , teacher and most importantly parent to three children , I have recommended this book to both family members and clients alike !
 `` Building Moral Intelligence '' by Dr. Michele Borba is a book that every parent should read and own . In a world where there are so many negative influences on the internet , in the media , T.V. shows , magazines etc. many parents do not even realize the amount of immoral influences that our children are witnessing every single day . As parents , it is up to us to teach our children the importance of good character . We need to teach them about the seven essential virtues as Dr. Borba explains in her book!I realize that I 'm digressing from a review , but I want to say this . Our world and our lives have changed recently , but the one thing that remains the same is that our children are the future . And as Theodore Roosevelt said `` To Educate a Person in Mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society '' This book will not only help you raise good kids , it will open any readers eyes and hearts , inspiring them to build their moral intelligence as well . We must teach by example ... this book will help you do that ! If you want your kids to do the right thing , then this book is for you !
 I recommend this book to every parents.I just finish this book and I keep it to re-read when ever I need .
 Very useful prescription to put kids on . It is what 's missing in America today . To those who really love their family and our country , be sure to read Building Moral Intelligence by Michele Borba , and also , West Point
 There are seven essential virtues -- empathy , conscience , self-control , respect , kindness , tolerance , and fairness -- that the author believes helps a child deal with ethical challenges and pressures she will encounter throughout life . Each chapter offers strategies for enhancing moral intelligence including ... a self-test to evaluate your child 's virtue strength , practical ways to enhance the virtue -LRB- several to choose from , so you can choose the ones best suited to your child 's temperament and learning style -RRB- , discussion questions to help launch a dialog with your child , and much more . The one thing that was missing was information on what behavior is developmentally appropriate by age . For example the quizzes on each virtue are great ... but perhaps it 's not as serious if a 4-year-old is somewhat selfish or less empathetic than it is for a 12-year-old . Other than that and the occasional feeling like the book was written for some parents needing significant moral boosting themselves -LRB- advice like `` do n't ask your kids to lie for you '' -RRB- , I found the book very educational and uplifting.Bottom line - This book provides tools to teach critical ethical principles to your child ... enabling parents -LRB- teachers , etc. -RRB- to better model , inspire and reinforce these moral values .
 While I still maintain a child can best learn from a positive example , unfortunately in today 's society , not all parents are setting positive examples . I have counselled many children over the years and in a vast majority of cases , what has contributed most to the need for counselling in the first place has been the absence or lack of adequate parenting skills . There are excellent parents in existence , for many it comes naturally . For others , they never `` get the act together . '' Some individuals , for whatever reason , simply do not possess the bonding ability , tolerance , time , energy , understanding and financial resources to raise a child for the first eighteen years of their life . There are also those parents who feel they are doing `` everything right '' when in reality , they may be making every mistake in the book.When a child has become so unhappy , emotionally insecure , rude , defiant and/or physically abusive that the parent -LRB- s -RRB- can no longer deal with their child , he/she is inevitably pointed in the direction of a counsellor , either by the parent -LRB- s -RRB- or the courts , to miraculously `` fix the problem . '' In many cases , had the child been raised in a positive , loving , nurturing , understanding , respectful and accepting environment , and learned the importance of moral intelligence , the child would not be sitting in front of me at all . Good relationships , whether it be husband and wife , parent -LRB- s -RRB- and child , do not just happen . They need time , open communication , commitment , love , understanding , encouragement and a lot of work if they are to grow and survive . `` Building Moral Intelligence ... '' is an excellent learning tool for young , inexperienced parents or any parent who chooses to expand their knowledge on the subject . This book does not have all the answers , no one ever does , but it is an excellent place to start , learn and grow for both parent and child.In this book , the author bases moral intelligence around seven issues
 I applaud this book!During my 25 years teaching in public schools , I have witnessed a disturbing shift in the way young people view themselves and the world around them . In the midst of troubling news about kids today , Building Moral Intelligence offers a refreshing look at what can be.A healthy mix of background information , authoritative research , and anecdotal content leads the reader to practical tools to evaluate and encourage positive personal growth . Clearly written and well edited , Dr. Borba 's book offers a realistic understanding of current trends , then provides concrete solutions that address each critical issue.As one of the world 's leading authorities on moral development , Dr. Borba has given us a real book for real people . Building Moral Intelligence holds the key to what is possible for kids everywhere . This should be mandatory reading for every parent , every politician , and every citizen who cares about the health of this nation .
 One of the more encouraging developments in the concern about the character and behavior of our young people has been the publication of books designed to bring the research of social scientists and educators to the public in a format and context that could be easily understood . Thomas Lickona accomplished this in 1981 with his outstanding book Raising Good Children , and William Damon also in 1988 with his The Moral Child . Michele Borba has continued that tradition calling on both the latest research findings as well as her extensive experience as an educator and visiting consultant and her knowledge base as the mother of three sons . She has written a remarkably thorough and yet completely accessible book on the whole topic of building moral intelligence , focusing on seven essential virtues she has identified , that teaches children moral behavior . I wondered how she could possibly succeed at covering such an extensive topic . She does it by presenting interesting scientific data , by skillfully summarizing much of the complex and sophisticated research results in this field , and by innovatively interspersing the science with useful and entertaining experiences and anecdotes that illustrate each virtue and each desirable behavior or issue . The useful general and scientific references are found in her notes at the end . Dr. Borba never strays from her theme and purpose , and in doing so has written arguably the most comprehensive and useful book yet available on the important subject of how we as parents , family members , teachers , and members of the health professions can evaluate and help children to build their moral intelligence . I work with children in a mental hospital , and I only wish that their parents had read or will read this book . It would/will make a critical difference . If you could only afford one book on moral intelligence , this is definitely the one to pick !
 If every parent had just one book on their nightshelf this should be the one . It 's packed with simple , usable ideas I can use instantly to help my kids become decent human beings . The tips for helping kids stand up to bullies and learn to fight fair are worth the cost of the book alone . If more parents would read this book we really could minimize violence and raise peaceful kids . We should read this book together !
 Truthfully speaking i was so desperate to change my son 's attitude and behaviour towards his friends and towards life.I am a full time mother and i had done all i can think of to make my son understand more about life , etiquette , morality , character and how to make friends and be a friend.This book has brought the truth to me.It makes me really look at my own life first and foremost , how i deal with people , how i treat others , etc. . . My action speaks louder than my words.I grew up surrounded by priviledge and i take alot of things for granted . I just do n't realise that my son whom i love very much is looking at me every second with open eyes and ears !! This book does not only help me change my son 's character , but this book also shows me how to be a better mother , a living example for my children to follow .
 At a time when we are hearing nothing but horrendous stories about student shootings and kids ' lack of character , it 's so refreshing to find a book that offers solutions and shows parents how to raise kids with solid character . And the kinds of tips offered are fabulous
 Dr. Michele Borba has a long and successful track record helping build the moral character of our youth . As an educator , I have long been quite familiar with her books and materials on building self esteem . Her concepts are not `` feel good '' simplistic ideas , but rather she works with the concept that self esteem comes from the acquisition of skills such as the seven virtues in this book . Building Moral Intelligence is an asset to parents who have a difficult job raising moral children in a society that offers many countering forces . I have used her book Parents DO Make a Difference in working with parent groups . I expect this book will be as valuable for parents and educators alike . Working with children and raising a family are both exciting yet challenging jobs . We are lucky to have Dr. Borba 's help .
 At a time when confusion seems to reign , Michele Borba 's book is a ressuring tool that helps to keep our family grounded . I refer to it often and my husband and I use it as a conversation builder with our four children . This book was recommended to me by a fellow physician , and I have chosen to give copies of this book as gifts . Whether a new parent or a seasoned one , this book should be in every family 's home .
 Being the mother of two small girls about to enter the public school system , I have spent many nights worrying what kinds of challenges lay ahead . After reading Dr. Borba 's book , I sleep much easier . She provides such a clear desciption of the essential skills that will help parents and teachers prepare kids to succeed . By teaching these virtues to my kids , I know that they will flourish in any situation . Dr. Borba gives practical and easy to use methods to enhance virtues that research has proven reduces aggression in kids . Her examples are entertaining and teach the importance of every moment I spend with my child and the influence I have on developing these traits in her . By offering hard research , then clear descriptions of what each of the seven virtues is , I know how to make a difference in my kids ' lives and their ability to cope . The book is filled with resources along with proven methods that are fun to implement and even more fun when I see the changes in my kids everyday . I hope all parents and teachers will take advantage of this great resource , for our kid 's sake.Anne Leedomparentingbookmark.com
 International conflicts often bring the attention of those whose nationality is n't involved . `` Crusade of the Left
 Not much of a challenge to read . Enjoyed it just the same . It was a change from the modern world and therefore , I recommend it .
 This Christian Romance by Ethel M. Dell is one of my favorites . It is a sweet love story , filled with strife , with a very moving lesson in Christian forgiveness . It takes place in India in the early 20th Century . I highly recommend this book .
 I read a LOT of books , and I have found that plots in general can be very predictable . This one was not . Set in the jungles of India , the story unfolded with plenty of twists and turns and unique ideas . The main female character seemed very relate-able . She was n't filled with angst or overly dramatic . She made good choices and terrible choices , but they were believable , especially when you factor in her age and maturity level at the time of each choice . I particularly enjoyed the setting . I felt that I could physically see , feel , hear and smell the surroundings .
 Written in 1919 , The Lamp on the Desert is a very entertaining romance set in British Colonial India just prior to the Sepoy Mutiny . This is a fast-paced , angst-ridden romance from early in the Twentieth century . I liked the book for its description of English soldiers ' lives in India a century ago and for the well-crafted varied characters that populate the novel.The story is set in colonial India and is not your predictable love story , but quite full of surprises and turns in the plot . I enjoyed reading every second of it and was delighted to add some not commonly used words to my vocabulary . I enjoyed reading a story set and written in a different era .
 Old fashioned romantic story . To call it romance , would not do it justice . The story is set in colonial India and is not your predictable love story , but quite full of surprises and turns in the plot . i enjoyed readimg every second of it and was delighted to add some not commonly used words to my vocabulary . I enjoyed reeading a story set and written in a different eara and learn about how the world was seen back then . As for the review complaining about the N word , I 'd like to mention it is in the book but once , if I remember right and as unfortunate as the past is , I do n't think the reviewer would like us to rewrite history -LRB- or literature -RRB- for that would make that sad part of history be forgotten . Fact is the book was written in a different time , and things that might have been common and okay to say yesterday are not ok or pc today ... Get over it.It 's a great read .
 This book will most likely not appeal to US students in linguistics . Because Bourdieu deals with rather abstract concepts which cover a lot of social ground -LRB- e.g. , symbolic , cultural , economic capital , field , etc. -RRB- and not enough linguistic ground , some linguists will have trouble applying concepts to the actual production of speech at the phonological , morpho-syntactic , pragmatic and discourse level . He never really deals with actual production of language by speakers , so it creates a lot of work for the reader to fill in the details of what , for example , an actual linguistic habitus might look like , what its dispositions might be , and how they might be coordinated in their habitus set.However , unlike many US linguists , he assumes there is an empirical connection between language use and larger social domains ; furthermore , he is able to explain the way power often operates through exclusion and devaluation -LRB- dialect analysis -RRB- . One of the less abstract chapters , the chapter on Searle , is excellent . Bourdieu accurately locates the efficacy of the speech act , not in the functional form of the utterances , such as christening , ordering , requesting , etc. , but in the recognition by all involved that the agent who produces the speech act has the right to be obeyed and that the material circumstances of the speech act are appropriate . Mary Jane down the street and the mayor of NY may christen a new warship using the exact same functional words , but the power of those words depends on our recognition that , in this example , the mayor , not just anybody , has the authority to name . Bourdieu masterfully argues this point , and I would recommend reading that chapter first for its accessibility and accuracy in pointing out that the extra-linguistic is as much linguistic as the linguistic .
 Bourdieu 's point is not to explore linguistics but rather to explore the larger impact that language has on shaping symbols , meaning and power in the social context . Symbolic interactionists and conflict theorists would probally find this book to be a great read .
 Pierre Bourdieu is mind-blowing in all of his writing , but this is easily one of my favorites ! The title gives you a good indication about the content of the book . If you purchase it , you wo n't be able to put it down before you finish reading it . I confess that even after that I re-read it several times . Yes , it 's THAT good !
 While I certainly enjoyed the first book in this series , Chloe , I was delighted to find that Bette was a much better novel than the first ! Bette does not feel as hastily written , and it does not jerk the reader around the way its predecessor often did.The first third of the book , while entertaining , is a bit sappy and everything seems a little too `` perfect '' . However , I believe the author was trying to mirror the innocence of the main character , because , as Bette grows more worldly and independent , the writing grows up right along with her , and before you know it , you are wrapped up in an intelligent , exciting , and surprising story that you did not expect ! I grew to love Bette more than I did her mother Chloe , perhaps because Bette showed more realistic faults , and a distinct pattern of growth . In the end , I was left feeling very proud of Bette , and hungry for the next book in the series!Once again , Lyn Cote did a wonderful job of illustrating the historical aspects of the story . She has a distinct talent for `` transporting '' her readers to another time and place.Just as with the first novel in this series , I do n't feel that this book is necessarily a `` Christian '' novel , as it is often touted as being . However , I do think this book had more references to God than the last one did , and they feel more natural than the few references that were thrown in to Chloe.Overall , a very enjoyable book that I would most definitely recommend to others !
 I read and loved Chloe , the first part of the Women of Ivy Manor saga , and had looked forward to reading Bette , which is based on Chloe 's daughter 's story . The novel begins in the year 1936 , after the Great Depression and before World War II , this second book focuses on Elizabeth `` Bette '' Leigh and her struggles with school , family and growing up when she befriends a German-Jewish girl and becomes a victim of neighborhood Klansmen . At the same time , she meets and falls in love with Curtis Sinclair , whom she marries . But when WWII begins and he is sent off to fight overseas and Bette begins to work to help with an anti-Nazi espionage , her struggles are n't easy after Curtis leaves her for a Frenchwoman and she has no choice but to work alone for her sake and that of her unborn child . The problems she encounters are quite difficult , but she proves that she is able to survive on her own . Will she want Curtis back in her life when he comes back wanting a reconciliation ? There are many twists throughout the novel.Bette , like Chloe , is set against the backdrop of several historical references -- the post-Depression , the Holocaust , and a war , this one being World War II . This novel is just as rich in historical details and accuracy as the first one and I felt as though I had been transported to that time period . Even though I liked Chloe best because the turn of the twentieth century had so many more interesting breakthroughs than the 1930s and 1940s , Bette is n't far behind as far as wonderful descriptions of fashion changes and other interesting tidbits from that time frame . Bette is a great heroine . She is far stronger than her mother Chloe -- is more of a fighter and , despite her hopelessness at times , is able to adapt and handle every situation that is thrown at her . And that is what makes this novel , story wise , more appealing than its predecessor . The Women of Ivy Manor is a wonderful inspirational series that you can not miss . I look forward to reading Leigh , which I have no doubt will be set against the backdrop of the Vietnam war . In the meantime , I suggest you give Chloe and Bette a whirl .
 In 1936 Tidewater , Maryland Elizabeth `` Bette '' Leigh McCaslin finds how some of the uglier the locals feel about a German Jewgirl staying at Ivy Manor as the Klan sets off explosives to scare her and her family while her classmates make snide remarks . Still she gets on well with the other new student Curtis Sinclair . As World War II approaches they become engaged , but she has an opportunity to help with anti-Nazi espionage . She agrees hoping her efforts and that of others will stop the Nazi evil , but she also hides what she does from her loved ones including Curt.With the war over , though reluctant , Bette marries Curt as she believes in keeping her promise . However , he is not the same person who left for war and explains what occurred in France to him and demands a divorce . Pregnant Bette says no that they need to be a family and work on their disparities.The courageous Bette will remind readers of her mom Chloe , star of the first The Women of Ivy Manor novel as she bravely faces evil without blinking and tries to do what she believes is the right thing whether it is espionage or spousal confrontation . The story line paints a gloomy backdrop to WW II yet because of magnificent Bette 's intrepid outlook and need to actively fight the Nazis ; readers taste the glimmer of hope for a better world . Lyn Cote provides a strong tale of a valiant woman that brings to life the years prior to , during , and just after World War II through her eyes.Harriet Klausner
 Lyn Cote really knows how to keep your attention in this series . She did not have any dull moments throughout the book .
 I really enjoyed this series . I especially liked the historical connections . I felt like I was really there .
 I was totally mesmerized by Bette . Daughter of the indomitable Chloe -LRB- book # 1 -RRB- , Bette 's story covers the era of World War II . I could associate with Bette mostly because my own mother was born and raised during this time period . In trying to be an individual Bette succeeds by following in her mother 's footsteps by carrying on the line of succession with a daughter . How she found time to do this confounds me!Bette 's determination to support herself leads her to undercover work with J. Edgar Hoover long before women agents were sought and trained . Her good looks and sharp intellect take her into adventures that will entertain and inform the reader.Once again Lyn Cote 's presentation of an era fills the reader with a new look at an overexposed time of history .
 Anyone who has caught up with James Morrow in the 90s , as I have , will want to check out this earlier work . This book shows the same skewed sense of humor he later put to more acclaimed effect in BIBLE STORIES FOR ADULTS and TOWING JEHOVAH . The story concerns Quinjin , a reviewer of dreambeans -- sort of a virtual reality device you consume . Someone has created a dreambean so horrible that the dreamers get trapped in the fantasy world , including Quinjin 's daughter .
 The Continent of Lies deals with a futuristic society where entertainment has evolved to an extreme level . Rather than watch TV or movies , you simply eat a `` cephapple '' and experience the story as a dream into which you are inserted as the main character . The cephapple -- also known as a dreambean -- is like a real apple -LRB- without seeds -RRB- , and Morrow provides many examples that run the gamut of genre and type.The central character , Quinjin , is a dreambean critic who comes across a bean so sinister that it has the potential to enslave humanity . He sets off on a quest to destroy the tree from which it sprang , along with his teenage daughter , his hedonistic `` rich boy '' friend , and his psychobiologist/dreamweaver girlfriend -LRB- not to mention a robot that longs to be a James Bond type secret agent -RRB- . Like his other books , CoL is funny , clever , and fairly well-plotted . I was put off , however , by the extensive `` sci-fi-ish '' vocabulary early in the book , and I almost put it down around page thirty . In fact , if I had n't been a fan of Morrow 's other works -LRB- especially Towing Jehovah -RRB- , I probably would n't have continued . Still , once I got absorbed by the story , it was hard to put down , and there were enough twists and turns that I found I could n't really predict what was going to happen.All in all , a worthwhile and fun read , if not as `` thinky '' as some of his other books .
 First , let me give you a brief description of my background . I 'm a experienced 2D artist with applications like Photoshop and Illustrator . I 've been doing 2D art for a few years , I figured its about time I transitioned to 3D . I purchased 4 books on 3D Studio Max . `` Inside 3D Studio Max 4 '' , `` 3D Studio Max 4 Bible '' , `` Modeling a Character in 3DS Max '' and last , and least `` 3D Studio Max 4 Indepth '' . I recommend all these books except the last mentioned , its some kind of mix of intermeidate information at a begginers level . Nevermind that though .3 D Studio Max 4 Bible has been a excellent book , I 've only read about half of it but so far its proved to be a excellent reference and tutorial based book . Some of the tutorials are a little to simple , but the author is trying to make sure you know exactly what hes talking about , and that you fully understand it . So simple is n't bad . At times its flow is a little disorianted meaning its hard to read a chapter and then say `` Oh ! , I want to try that '' because its a little different then that . It goes into each aspect of 3Ds Max and lays out what each button and tool does . If your BRAND NEW to 3D Studio max and 3D Modeling in general this book is unmatched . I think my mom , having no computer knowledge what so ever , could sit down and follow the tutorials and create a spinning couch in a mater of a few hours , and understand exactly how she did it . Its a great book . At times you 'll find your self yawning because it goes so into detail , but months from now , when your doing your first big scene your going to be happy you read that chapter on viewport configuring , because if you did n't your not going to realize `` Hey ! , theres a easier way to do this '' and so on and so on . Plus if you skim the book because your so excited to make your 3D logo/character and you get lost while doing so , you can flip to the chapter that pertains to your question and it will start right from the beggining on that topic . Through out the whole book it rarely references back to something you previously read to make the writing easier , it always uses the menu standards so you do n't get lost , ie File - > Views - > so on and so on . I 'm in love , I have n't put the book down yet , but I will admit sometimes I find my self getting itchy fingers and paging ahead to the more advanced chapters on editing mesh 's etc.Anyways , I suggest this book to Absolute Begginers or people looking for an Excellent Reference book for all the commands/buttons/options that 3Ds Max has . If you really want to master 3Ds Max your going to need to purchase other books like Inside 3Ds Max 4 by New Riders publishing , books like those skip the `` how to use the interface '' type chapters and tutorials and move into the more advanced methods of doing things.But remember , this will only teach you how to use the pencil , no book will ever teach you how to be a good artist , thats what imagination and patentice is for .
 I based this book on the reviews from the users here on AMAZON , and I must say that they were accurate.Here is what I 've found after flipping through this book for about a week now : It is an indispensible reference when it comes to things like `` hey , what is this little button here ? '' or `` how do I get to that particular rollout again ? '' You will not find insight into WHY you would use certain functions , you will only find WHAT they do . To reach the enlightened level of a 3D PROFESSIONAL , you are going to have to go to other books.This book has a tutorial on nearly EVERY page , but these tutorials are JUST for the section you find them in , and do not go anywhere beyond the basics . THIS IS NOT A BAD THING ! You just need to realize that this is a REFERENCE book , nothing more.If you are one of those people who do n't know what all the menus and buttons are for and want to learn THE BASICS of MAX 4 while sipping Scotch on your couch and not staring at a computer screen reading the help file , by all means , get this book .
 I 'd just like to say that i am extreamly pleased to have bought this book . I am a begginer to 3d Max , and i have bought books on max 's previous release -LRB- 3 -RRB- and have not understood much of what i was being `` tought '' ... with this book , it has set me on the way and has made me more than competant , while making me understand most of what i have read . Im no professional , but this book has made me feel at ease , and like i am starting to know the program now , and how it all works ... i reccomend this book to anybody who is new to the program and who could use a reference book .
 I purchased this book along with 3DS MAX 4 Fundamentals and 3DS MAX 4 In Depth in order to learn 3DS MAX . Really as a beginner you have no idea where to turn , and what material to buy . Looking back I guess I could have saved quite a few bucks . Not that the other ones are not good books and all , but as a beginner I could n't have done better than with 3DS MAX 4 Bible , and on top of that , I did n't need the other ones.MAX 4 Bible does an excellent job of explaining sometimes quite complex technical matters in an easy going and interesting way . Add to that , that it takes you through all the important areas and gives you explanations of all functions.I am pursuing a career in the games field , and this book has proved instrumental in learning this important tool . I would have minded paying a few bucks half a year ago , to know what I know now .
 This book is perfect for begginers . It shows you a skill and then has you try it yourself with the . max files that come with it . It has you learn by experiance rather than reading , but it helps you through it rather than making you go off on your own . In short , if your new to max then buy this book .
 i just got this book today and i have read the first few chapters . . This book is exceedingly good for n00b -LRB- me -RRB- ... they explain all the tools in detail . if you just look at the size of this book , it has more than 1000 pages , this is a good deal for sure . However , the tuts are really simple and short , so if u already know the basic aspects of 3ds , then get a diff book . . otherwise , AN AWESOME BOOK FOR NOOBS !!!
 If you are a beginner in MAX , this is the book to buy . It has like 150 step-by-step tutorials very easy to follow , considering the right and basic things to learn . If you already know something , or consider yourself as an intermediate , then maybe you could get a little frustrate , because the exercises are too basic , specially in modelling and animation . Its a great book to start , and a very helpful quick reference guide . Plus ... the cd comes with very nice plugins .
 If you are a beginner in MAX , this is the book to buy . It has like 150 step-by-step tutorials very easy to follow , considering the right and basic things to learn . If you already know something , or consider yourself as an intermediate , then maybe you could get a little frustrate , because the exercises are too basic , specially in modelling and animation . Its a great book to start , and a very helpful quick reference guide . Plus ... the cd comes with very nice plugins .
 This book is a hands on training . It covers every aspect of the software . Excelent source for those who want to learn 3D Studio Max .
 I have purchased several books relating to 3DS Max over the years , published by several people . I have found that this book provides several examples that are easy to follow and related to items I find are important to me . The chapters are layed out nicely and for the beginning as well as the advanced people , this book will provide `` easy reference with quick access without reading hours '' . This is a easy reading without going into the boring details that has no bearing on what you are trying to achieve .
 I think the above review needs a corrective . Tynan was the sharpest , funniest , and best-informed theatre critic of his generation . He was also a wonderful stylist , and a precocious one
 Each generation in Britain seems to produce yet another variation on The Bright Young Thing from Oscar Wilde to Waugh to Chris Hitchens . In that cold and often rainy climate , dazzling young men and women flower at an uncommon early age . Their expressed purpose is to charm , impress and outrage their elders . Incorrigible showoffs all , they all spring from the same public schools and universities . No better specimen than Ken Tynan who , at age eleven , saw fit to write the critic of a Birmingham newspaper , praising the talents of a minor movie actor named Bogart . Nine years later , by the time he reached Oxford immediately after the Second World War , young Ken had honed his act to the same brilliant polish as his predecessors
 The book as a lot of awesome detail . The author really gets you into it . It 's a great read ! Keeps me coming back for more .
 Mykel Board -- punk rocker , New Yorker , gonzo provocateur -- fulfills a lifetime dream by moving to Mongolia for one year to teach English ... and I 'm so glad he did . His easy-to-read writing style is brutally honest and hysterically funny , from his problems overcoming constipation -LRB- because Metamucil is not sold in Outer Mongolia , Board resorts to consuming rancid street food to encourage diarrhea -RRB- , to his visits to Mongolian dance clubs , to the confusing hurdles presented in this post-Soviet limbo land -LRB- `` Welcome to Mongolia ! '' is the standard response from natives when cultural idiosyncracies are brought to attention -RRB- . Unlike most travel memoirs , there are no overwrought or pretentious analyses of a foreign culture -- even though there were times that I , a fellow traveler , longed for Mykel to take a deeper look at this rarely examined country -- making this book a fun , unrestrained ride through a remote , Kafka-esque kingdom . Buy this book .
 A nice and easy read . If you 're a fan of his Columns in Maximum Rock n Roll , you 'll love it ! Had me chuckling on the commute to work for a couple of days -LRB- only a couple though , as its not the longest book -RRB- . I 'd recommend it for those who want something light-hearted and entertaing , it definitely got me out of the doldrums !
 For years Mykel Board had wanted to go to Outer Mongolia . He realized that dream in 1995 when he went there to teach English at the National University in Ulaanbaatar . EVEN A DAUGHTER IS BETTER THAN NOTHING is the result of his stay . This volume is not like any other travel writing you will read . It is at once hilarious , I suspect at times hyperbolic as well as downright moving in places . He writes with obvious affection for the people he encountered on his year there ; and even though he lands in a country far removed from anything he has even encountered -- `` this is Mongolia '' -- he is never condescending.Public transportion does n't run on time , the plumbing does n't work , classes are scheduled in the wrong classrooms , and signs saying someone takes credit cards usually do n't mean that at all as Mr. Board repeatedly hears the mantra `` this is Mongolia . '' What the writer does find is a lovable people not afraid of hard work and accepting of strangers . They dress up to have a photo taken , are offended if you do not eat their food -- even though you prefer not to eat unadorned fat -- poor Mr. Board at times reminded me a little of Cool Hand Luke 's stuffing himself with eggs in the movie by the same name -- and can drink you under the table . These folks drink vodka like Americans drink Cokes . -LRB- I 'm surprised that Mr. Board had a liver when he returned to New York . -RRB- He also found `` Pro Wrestling , rock 'n' roll , Christianity , and probably someday soon , McDonalds . '' But apparently no designer coffee shops yet.Although Mr. Board describes himself as a good instructor -- and I believe him -- he on several occasions uses incorrect English , always making the same grammatical error
 My expectations were not too high but I am surprised . If one is looking for a history of Mongolia - there might be other books that will give you a background of the country and its people-may I suggest going to a library . If you are familiar with his work , one will enjoy this book . His style and stories remind me of `` No Reservations and `` Weird Foods '' . He writes candidly about his drinking , eating , and cultural experiences . The best stories are about him meeting the Mongolian metal band `` Hurd '' and his experiences teaching . Since the book is about his experiences , this book is about how Mykel Board perceives Mongolia . The book is an enjoyable read and will be re-read .
 One of the many pleasures this book offers is the author 's voice
 This is an incredibly hilarious and educational adventure at the far frontiers of modern culture . Author Board really does put you right there in the middle of this strange country , and he does so with a dry yet frantic wit and a sincere fondness for this ancient land and its people . This is a book full of adventure and surprise and humor from a writer who is a cross between Davy Crockett and Oscar Wilde ! Wonderfully entertaining .
 Cover to cover , Mykels book pushes the reader on and on . Excitement and surprise on every page . Many of those who have traveled to exotic countries will relate to his book of adventure and English teaching in Mongolia . From the start Mykel seems at odds with his environment , not unlike anyone of us who has been there , or somewhere similar . Great wit and humour in Mykles diary of a year teaching and ` living ' in Mongolia is also compressed with the stark loneliness and isolation of this very foriegn country and its reamarkable people . A book to keep , and read over and over again .
 The seamier side of London in the early nineteenth century written with flare . This book was an enjoyable romp through the back streets , slums and ` rookeries ' of London and the attempts by authorities to control them.The book is packed full of detail of the people of the time including some of the more famous characters such as fences and theives and the methods they used to continue their trade . You can read about ` Mudlarks and scuffle hunters ' of the river Thames , or if you prefer , the ` resurrectionists ' who traded in dead bodies for medical students.Low also draws deeply on literature of the time such as Pierce Egan 's `` Life in London '' which is chock full of authentic Regency-era slang . For instance Money could be referred to as `` Blunt , rhino , flash the screens , sport the rhino , show the needful , post the pony , nap the rent , stump the pewter , tip the brads down with the dust only get into tip street . `` Some great illustrations and a fun trip into the life among the lower orders .
 This book shocked me , educated me and was truly a page turner.I purchased this book as I am doing some research into the period and it did n't disappoint . The book focuses on the darker side of life which is present in every society in some form.If you are looking to understand our history and human nature you will discover that soccer hooliganism is nothing new .
 This book , THE REGENCY UNDERWORLD , does a good job of depicting the social reality of London 's underbelly , circa 1800 . Unlit streets , bad smells , contaminated water and food , throngs of poor , excess wealth and fine taste , all merge nicely in this piece . The book does a fine job of capturing another world , one which would no doubt scare the daylights out of anyone today . It is one benchmark for speaking about `` progress '' in the course of 19th century England .
 shipping is good , and the quality of the book is good , too.This is a classical book in the field of Public Administration . You should pay more attention to the methodology than the content .
 This book is an excellent resource for those interested in self-sufficiency or those who just want to beat the rising costs of oil and gas . The book breaks down the facts and knowledge needed to make alcohol fuel into simple and easy to understand language . The basics of alcohol fuel production are laid out and the details of building your own still are included . Even if you are not interested in producing your own alcohol fuel , but are interested in learning more about ethanol and alcohol based fuels , this book provides you with the facts needed to understand this growing market .
 I got this book to look into the practicality of making my own fuel . As a replacement for gasoline and driving my vehicle , it is not practical . As a resource for powering chainsaws , sawmill and other gas operated tools , it has some possibility . If you think growing your own fuel is a potential , read this book . I think you 'll come to some of the same conclusions I did , but it is worth the expense to understand why .
 Life has its mystery , which often baffles and challenges those that seek its secrets . For millenniums Old Testament wisdom literature has given reflections and observations about the reality of life . Most of the teachings from these texts comes from `` experiential wisdom , '' wise words based on encounters with life , not theory . Wisdom literature excels in bestowing to the reader instructions on how to live , find happiness and prosper . They are the world 's first `` How To '' books.One of the leading specialists in Old Testament Wisdom literature is James L. Crenshaw , Professor of Old Testament at Duke University Divinity School . For more than 30 years he has written provocative essays on Ecclesiastes , Proverbs and Job . In `` Urgent Advice and Probing Questions , '' you will find 37 essays that contain valuable and insightful information . This should not be a ` one sitting ' reading , for the depth and discrimination used in examining these texts requires selective reading . However , for those Biblical students , scholars and veracity seekers , `` Urgent Advice and Probing Questions '' will be a book that you will return to over and over . Highly Recommended
 `` Successful corporate transformation depends on effective decision making and leadership from three distinct but inter coonected entities
 The authors show three types of leadership create and execute corporate change
 This was a great read . The author does a great job illustrating both the challenges that one faces when initiating a change effort and what steps are necessary to ensure a successful change .
 In this amusing fable , God and the Devil have taken mortal forms to meet and walk the earth in examination of their handiwork . Naturally , there are a number of stumbling blocks . One , when they first need to pay for something , God pulls random currency from his pocket . This quickly gets the duo in trouble with the FBI , who chase them for the remainder of the trip . Two , no one believes them when they tell them who they really are -LRB- hardly surprising -RRB- . Starting in the US , the bickering twosome end up hitting a number of contents and capitols before their time runs out . Ustinov uses this conceit to make loads of wry observations on humanity , as well specific cultural and political types . There are lots of deep thoughts stirred into this romp , and although a bit hammy , it is worth a read . It definitely makes me want to read some other of Ustinov 's fiction , as he has a nimble way with his prose .
 What a shame this book is no longer in print ! I adore this book to its core . What a beautiful story.The text on the back said it was a hilarious comedy about god and the devil returning to earth to see what happened to creation , but as a matter of fact it is so much more . It is about society , it is about humanity , it is about downfall . And yes , it is extremely witty.I am so glad I found it at the shelves of my favorite second hand book shopping place . I do hope it will get back into print , so more people can enjoy this awesome tale .
 A great book . Full of laughs yet amazingly profound . Fun and thought provoking . One of my favourite books . Some kind soul sent me a new copy anonomously from Amazon -LRB- last I heard it was out of print -RRB- - I highly recommend this book and if you want to give someone a surprise with an anonomous gift I speak from experience when I say this book is a great way of doing it !
 Peter Ustinov unleashes a stuning aray of irony and logic , as he tracks `` the old man '' and `` Mr. Smith '' through thier less than triumphant return to earth . One of the most thought provoking books I 've read since Desolation Angles .
 The Old Man and Mr. Smith
 I read this book ages ago and have been looking for it in the local book stores for I dont know how long . So glad I found it here and now I can read it again and again . The book was in a very good condition too !
 Carstensen has here compiled a group of excellent , probing studies of the history of America 's public lands -- the lands the Federal government acquired directly , and then largely gave away to farmers , miners , loggers , and railroad companies . These are academic papers , but the chapters are all well written and full of solid facts . If you want to know how `` the great barbecue '' of the Louisiana Purchase , the Mexican Cessions , California and the Oregon Territory was fired up , this is a must-read book . Persevere .
 This book contains factual information about the settlement of the West that I have never seen anywhere else .
 If you 've ever thought about working in the porn industry , even as someone behind the video camera , photo lens or website , this book gives you a good idea of what you are in for . Take a curious , brave and intelligent woman and thow her together with a very industrious former stripper with excellent business sense and you 'll see the sparks fly between this odd couple in this surprisingly suspenseful non-fiction story .
 As I noted in my comments on Volume 1 of this set , the living memory of the events and times of the Second World War are , sadly , leaving us rapidly . It is wonderful to have this collection of reporting from those years . Too often , people remember their history from Hollywood movies , where everything is glorious , simple , and victory is assured in the end . In real life , there is chaos , a determination to endure , but victory is not known until it is finally attained.This volume picks up in Italy during 1944 and ends with victory in the Pacific and the aftermath of Hiroshima . There are articles on the Battle of the Bulge , Iwo Jima , the death of F.D.R , the death of Ernie Pyle in the Pacific from a sniper 's bullet , the German surrender , and dozens more.One of the most touching is an extended piece on the Japanese Internment camps with pen and ink drawings by one of the Japanese . Bill Mauldin also has a piece in here with his famous WWII cartoons of the GIs at the front . William Laurence gives a famous account of the bombing of Nagasaki on August 9 , 1945 . There is a section of fine photos of the reporters included and others in the text including some aerial shots from a bomber 's point of view . This first volume ends with the Mountain Campaign in Italy in 1944 . The volume also supplies a short , but full chronology of the war , some excellent maps , biographies of the journalists , acknowledgements , notes on the texts , and a glossary of military terms.This , together with the first volume , is a collection of important history you will want to have on your shelf.Tremendous .
 My wife is the reader and she dearly loved this book . So down to earth and factual .
 This book has 59 tours in the Yosemite , Kings Canyon , and Sequoia National Park areas and around Huntington Lake . Describes some beautiful country . Each tour is rated with difficulty , length , elevatnion , navigation , time , and season . The USGS topos for the tour are listed , along with excellent tour maps . Each tour has a description of what you see , where to start , and leads you thorough the tour.I like the book , but I would also like to see an index and more tours for the Yosemite high country .
 This is the definitive watershed work that brought Buddhism to the West and explains it in a manner that 's very easy for Westerners to understand . It is a wonderful book that uses a question and answer structure like the Catholic Catechism to enlighten the reader on the Buddhist faith . It covers every aspect of Buddhism and there 's much to learn from it whether you are a beginner or a master or from the East or the West . I strongly recommend this book . I got so much out of it . This book answers a lot of very important questions , including ones that I have had for some time . It 's been a real blessing to me .
 This is a brilliant book written by the foremost Western expert on Buddism . This is a beautiful work that will help anyone even beginners to understand and grow on their spiritual path . It is an excellent book for people seeking truth and the enlightenment that we are all meant to achieve . Olcott has indeed found the truth and handed us the keys in this comprehensive masterpiece.I benefitted immensely from this book , which I believe everyone should read . It 's absolutely jam-packed with revelations of monumental significance . I learned so much from it . There is always something new to learn and I 'm grateful whenever I find a new gem . I firmly believe I was led to this book , which is an amazing and rare find.This is the perfect book on Buddhism for the Western mind . Olcott explains the tenets in very clear language and lays it out in a highly organized fashion that makes it very easy for a Westerner to understand . It is the ultimate FAQ on Buddhism and also an amazing bridge between East and West . It is the perfect book for Westerners interested in Buddhism , and it 's most enlightening for Easterners as well . It is really a book that everyone can enjoy . It 's a best of the East and West.This is a book that I intend to recommend to all my friends , and I will have to pick up more books on Buddhism now that I 've found so many vital truths in this one . I highly recommend this book if you are serious in any way about this subject . Though it was written by an expert and enlightening for those who are very knowledgeable , it 's also the perfect book for beginners .
 Henry Steel Olcott is renowned by his theosophical works . He gives an excellent introduction to Buddhist teachings . I like the questions and answers format . Highly recommend to any one interested in knowing more about Buddhism .
 It is a catechism ... what more to say ? It does the job , presents the facts and gives a lot of information in concise form that can be used for further study . What it is not is a prayer book , philosophical discussion or flowery inspirational work . It is a catechism .
 I am just getting in to the e-book world . This is an interesting format but not very interactive . It is an easy to read text .
 A simplistic way to garner a better understanding of the Buddhist way of life and for the beginner to grasp the journey that lays ahead of them .
 I love everything I ca n't get my hands on when it comes to Buddhism . The Buddha is another good one to watch . .
 the item arrive on time and in perfect condition.the book inform me of buddhisim . i love the book i will definitly refer the book to someone to read .
 Written in question answer format . This book provides answers to many of the common questions about Buddhism . Definitely recommend for those looking into Buddhism .
 The contrived question and answer format did n't bother me too much , and actually covered a lot of ground in an engaging way . I liked this book .
 Very basic but easy to read for the novice . Clear and unambiguous without nuances . Not for those looking for discussion and depth of insight .
 from start to finish it left you with knowledge and a possible desire to get in deeper . i read the entire book in only two sessions .
 Kindle Fire HD 8.9 '' , Dolby Audio , Dual-Band Wi-Fi , 16 GB - Includes Special OffersThe Buddhist Catechism is an easy reading book where you can learn the Buddhist philosophy . It gets a grip on you . You probably want to keep on reading until the end . Interesting and enlightening .
 Its a very interesting layout for this sort of book . Its in a question/answer format so it makes it really easy to understand
 This is a very handy little book . It answered many fundamental questions I had about the Buddhist philosophy . The book helped me to realize that I am a Buddhist - no matter where I am in my path .
 The attractive layout , easy to read format and all the color pictures first made me think that this is a lightweight guide . I quickly changed my mind as I continued to read this book . It is very well-written , with great tips and hints and a lot more than other books I have on photography.The example graphics and photographs are outstanding and laid out attractively throughout the book . That made it easy on my 62-year old eyes to go through the book and really learn something without tiring and laying down the book.Through the book , there are URL 's of interesting internet sites on photography , and the Appendices at the end of the book have a listing of websites on photography , recommended books and magazines and of course the Index.Part Four - Photographic Themes has the most informative and useful information I have read anywhere on photography . Please take note that I am just your average enthusiast who snaps away at family and friends , not even remotely an expert photographer . This chapter really is most useful for amateurs like me . And its fun and easy to learn.Of particular use are `` Putting your subject at ease '' and `` Posing and Camera Angles '' . A tip I really like
 I am 14 years old . I just bought an SLR camera a few months ago . Having made the big decision to shell out the money to take photography seriously I decided that I needed a bit more than the camera 's owner 's manual , so out I went shopping for a how-to book . I did not expect to find a book as helpful as this . This guide showed me how to enhace my skills of photographing along with giving me websites , tips , and no-no 's when it comes to taking pictures . It is simple and it was impossible for the photography lingo to confuse me becasue the book defined it all . Breathtaking pictures along with tips on technique have helped me to improve . If you are a beginner who is looking to take photography seriously then I STRONGLY suggest you buy this book !
 I have several photography books that I have had no desire to read from cover to cover . Then I found this one ! This is by far the best photography book that I have laid my eyes on . I am reading it cover to cover and plan on reading it again . John Garret has written it in such a fun , simple way that really makes you understand photography . I 've even learned more from this book than I have in a photography class that I have taken.If you are just getting started in your photography adventure , I highly recommend this book !
 I bought this book on a whim because I had just found my interest in photography , and I was done reading it two days later ! Garrett makes all the concepts of photography understandable to those without any prior knowledge ! I even found myself going through the book again and jotting down notes about film speeds and filters for easy reference later ! I can not wait to try out the things I have learned from this wonderful book ! I only wish I had more to read ! I recommed this for anyone who thinks he would not be able to understand the concepts of photography and the camera . This book is not written on a technical level so make this the first photography book you buy !
 I have several photography books that I have had no desire to read from cover to cover . Then I found this one ! This is by far the best photography book that I have laid my eyes on . I am reading it cover to cover and plan on reading it again . John Garret has written it in such a fun , simple way that really makes you understand photography . I 've even learned more from this book than I have in a photography class that I have taken.If you are just getting started in your photography adventure , I highly recommend this book ! I hope John Garret can write a very good book on Digital Photography too , because I am now into Digital but this book really helped understand a lot of thing that is common between Film and Digital Photgraphy .
 This is the first K.I.S.S. series book I 've read , and thankfully , this author and publisher skipped the lame humor and fluff sometimes seen in the `` for Dummies '' and `` Idiots Guide '' books . Instead , they packed this well-organized book with well-written explanations , inspiring and instructive photographs and excellent color graphics that only enhanced my learning . I learned more from this book than from the twelve-session photography class I took at a local camera store . I highly recommend it to anybody interested in film photography .
 The book arrived in a little more time than I expected , but it was within the time frame indicated . However , I am happy with the book 's condition . It 's better that described . Great book and price .
 I just took a photography course and this book was one of the ones recommended . It is a little shallow , but covers all the basics and all the items covered in the class . It covers all the various topis from portrait to building photog as well as types of cameras , etc. . If you want a basic book , this is the one to get . However , if you are looking for a lot of depth , keep looking . Then again , it is `` Keep it Simple '' so it delivers just what it says .
 Great book , easy to understand . Recommended reading for anyone interested in photography . Book was mailed out the next day and arrived shortly thereafter .
 While old and out of print , this book is a very good way to learn the basics of photography . You have to ignore most of the references to digital cameras as the technology has changed a lot .
 Excellent resource . Covers all the issues revolving around membership programs . Lots of specifics , examples and ideas ; for membership staff , boards , and executives . Fills a major need for specific ways to carryout and improve membership programs . Great to have input from experts on a subject that so many non-profits grabble with everyday . Covers such essential membership topics as planning , membership and fund-raising , getting and keeping members , volunteers , the internet . Also helpful examples : of worksheets , budgets , and helpful case studies , plus software information.Truly `` an action plan for results . '' Recommended highly .
 This book was beautifully written . I was moved by the events of the author 's life as she struggled to find her way out of a horrific situation . Very well done .
 This is a must read for anyone who thinks they ca n't get addicted to valium . A personal account , Barbara Gordon takes you through her personal struggle with addiction and her triumph over it . After many misdiagnosis , hospitalizations , and a boyfriend that treats her like dirt , she finally finds her way back to `` normal '' .
 Anyone who thinks that becoming addicted to Valium ca n't happen to them should read this book . Brutally honest it follows Barbara Gordon , a successful award winning documentary film maker , through her addiction to Valium and her painful struggle to get off . This is a great read . I won this from Goodreads .
 The books arrived within a few days . The book was excellent and well worth the purchase price .
 While this compelling , but somewhat antiquated , true story chronicles Barbara 's hell during withdrawal from Valium , the point somehow seems to have been missed by the psychiatric community . Benzo prescriptions and hospital detox admissions -LRB- at least in the US -RRB- are at an all time high . If Valium was n't enough hell , the drug companies are peddling even stronger and more addictive version of theses benzos . Including Ativan and Zanax being 2 of the most commonly prescribed drugs in America today . Barbara 's story is a power and compelling tale of the dangers of these drugs , but unfortunately it 's lesson has had no effect on widespread prescribing and subsequent addition to these drugs.All one needs to do to verify what I 'm saying is join the benzo group at yahoogroups.com . There you will find hundreds if not thousands of people all over the world trying to cope with living the life of an `` accidental addict '' . Unfortunately few will ever recover from this addiction and most will die from it or at least with it .
 Good insight about the abuse of perscription drugs and the alarming incompetence of the field of psychiatists ! Her struggle back from crisis was enlightening .
 This book was very sad and harrowing but at the same time up lifting and inspiring . The authors story touched me on a personal level and showed me that it is possible to over come your demons and make a new way for yourself .
 You hear about prescription drug addiction but do n't really understand it . This book takes you into Barbara 's life with such an addiction . The writing is excellent . There is so much detail regarding her struggle back to a normal productive life . I have a new respect for individuals and their families with this illness .
 of one woman 's tumble into darkness from Valium abuse ... but this memoir does n't stop there ... it is also a remarkably inspiring and brutally honest narration of the writer 's struggle to take back her power , dignity , and ultimately her life ... her ascendancy back to a life worth living again ... Miss Gordon , a woman who seemingly had the world in the palm of her hand , bravely bares her soul and reveals how life 's twists and turns can so easily lead us to the `` unpromised land '' ... that destination we never thought was on our itinerary ... but Miss Gordon , through her poignantly written tale , shows us how , with will and determination , we have within us that special force to overcome life 's betrayals and ultimately be our own guiding light ... it is truly a story for all seasons and a book for all those who seek the courage to trust in themselves ...
 This is an especially good book if you have suffered from withdrawal from a benzodiazepine . It really brings home the fact that these drugs can suppress your emotions and that considerable therapy and effort may be needed to gain control of your life . I highly recommend it and I could n't put it down .
 A number of books about substance abuse have come out since `` I 'm Dancing as Fast as I Can , '' but it still should be on the bookshelves -LRB- or Kindle -RRB- of everyone directly or indirectly involved with addiction . Gordon 's straightforward description of the mental , emotional , and physical symptoms endured by a recovering addict has a powerful universality . It helps all of us understand the complex and excruciating process of recovery . - Ann Seymour , author of `` I 've Always Loved You ''
 A cautionary tale for all of us coping with the pressures of modernlife . Barbara Gordon writes candidly about her courageous struggle with ValiumAddiction but her storycan be useful to anyone facing addiction of any kind.So glad the book is again available .
 This new paperback edition addresses all of the typo problems and allows the reader to focus on the enormity of a problem which the medical community was unaware . It takes a brave person to use their own experience to shed a light on such an awful situation.As inspiring now as it was when first published .
 I read this book many years ago . I was touched by her story . I can not speak for the Kindle formatting on this . Only to the books content . Excellent .
 I read this book 24 years ago , after having just gotten out of an abusive relationship . Reading it helped me tremendously in understanding what my ex was doing . That 's what I remember about this book . So , now reading the reviews , that all mention the book being about valium addiction , I 'm kind of surprised that I only remember the parts that resonated with my own life at the time . To me this book was extremely powerful and I 've recommended it to other strong women that have been in emotionally abusive relationship . So , I think I will have to reread the book to see , if the abuse was really only such a small part of the book and not really what it is about .
 This book was very well written . The struggles of Barbra were very sad ! The amotional parts of the book are unbeleivable it seems that no person can go through this , but Barbra did . I am 13 years old ; I was required to read this book as an autobiography . At first I was n't thrilled to reading a very long book about a person and her stupid little struggles with her over dose . After I was done reading two chapters I was so thrilled that I was reading a good book . Some kids in my class were reading about famous sports figures with books for two year olds ; when I realized what I was reading I was so happy . It taught me about many things like how to deal with your problems and Barbra is a perfect subject of getting through her problems . Since teen-agers have many problems and things go on in their life this was a really good book for me . If it was a good book for me im sure it will be a perfect book for you because there are many different angles the book comes from for example a women , people with over doses , people that are fed up , and people with problems . Im sure that every person on this planet has gone through at least one of those problems or situations before sometime in their lifetime or atleast they knew someone who did . There were times when Barbra would wake up and feel like she was a slum because she use to dress so nicely but know she was in her night-gown with no make up and hav n't even brush her hair . It is so sad that a very succesful person in television could be a slum like that . It is esspecially sad because she noiced this herself . This book was very inspirational and it is a very good book for you ! I suggest that you pick it up and start reading it ! It is so well written and you will love it ! It might be long just pick it up and start reading on a plane or on a vacation I know that you just wo n't want to put it down . Have fun reading !
 This book was fascinating and eye-opening . I do n't usually like non-fiction , but glad I read this one . Recommend to anyone .
 Interesting read . Mental illness is a common illness that often goes ignored until families are destroyed , job lost , etc. . This was a true story of how someone has reached their goal in life and struggled with mental illness . Excellent writing .
 You will cry . laugh , and love right along with this author as she dealves into the truth of dealing her with personal demons . So many ways to relate to this experience .
 This was a fascinating look at mental illness . I could really feel her pain and understand how easy it would be to slip into this state .
 this was a very good story and held my attention . I was a little disappointed by the ending , I wish it would have given a little more follow up on her life .
 Amazing story that all recovering addicts can relate to ! It usually takes me weeks to read a book , but I just could n't put this one down .
 Babara Gordon has touched on a subject that all young people should cover as they grow up . For the older readers it is equally important to know your body , know what you put in to your body and understand what the medication can do . Question medical advice and get second opinions . Look for passive remedies to you medical and psychological issues . This is a compelling read and although writen over 30 years ago is equally relevant today .
 I found this book very realistic . As someone who suffers from mild mental illness , it made alot of situations real to me . I enjoy the NYC mentions as I have recently visited New York . I could visualize the book well .
 I thought this book was a great read . It was interesting and even more so , being based on truth . I especially liked the details that came with the story . Read it in one weekend ! I actually remember it from years ago , but reading it now was absolutely more enlightening .
 I 'm Dancing as Fast as I can is a book I read many years ago . It helped me with addiction then and I thought I 'd take another look at it . Still helps .
 I purchaced this Kindle edition before going to Aruba . Made great beach read as I could follow the plot in between naps at the beach . I 'm not much into autobiographies but this was a great read .
 I found this book very interesting . It was a window into the life of a person addicted to prescription drugs . Found it enlightening and concerning at the same time .
 I got this as part of the Kindle daily deal and was n't sure how I would feel about it at first . Even though I have not been through the same things as the author , I still found myself relating to her . I did n't really put this book down much because I just wanted to know more .
 This is the Age of the Quick Fix , the Age of Prozac and other mind potions . Barbara Gordon 's story of her addiction to Valium and striving towards recovery is a classic in the literature of addiction . From a successful career as an award-winning documentary film maker , becoming famous and rich , to having a personal relationship with `` Eric , '' who supposably was trying to take her off Valium cold turkey with disastrous results , Barbara Gordon paints an honest and painful a portrait of addiction as you will ever read . Once the most prescribed drugs for anxiety and `` Nerves '' in the world , it is now potentially one of the most addictive and dangerous to get off of after taking it for a long time . This book changed my life , for I was addicted to Valium , not ever imagining how it would change my life , mostly for the worse . Barbara Gordon 's struggle was heroic and her getting off the drug , finding her bearings , and heading on the road to recovery make inspiring reading and a cautionary tale , that pills do not cure everything , that the human spirit can survive deep terrors . Many books on drug addiction have come and gone , written by professionals as well as laymen , but I know of none more powerful , none that face the fear with such total honesty as Barbara Gordon 's book . It should never be out of print and anyone contemplating taking the drug path to lower anxiety should read this book and have second thoughts . Barbara Gordon , like many true survivors , takes her readers to hell and back , and show us that there is hope , even after a journey into into the deepest darkness of the psyche . Highly recommended . One of the best books ever written about drug addiction of any kind .
 Hidden within the pages of this intense and absorbing first person account , are sincere and serious warnings for everyone living in our therapeutic culture . It warns of the false solutions offered by therapists who rely too heavily on medication . It warns of the dangers of relying on experts to provide healing rather than on self-responsibility . It warns of the dangers of emotional repression instead of expression . But the greatest warning may be that we all need to build and maintain networks of supportive and sensitive family and friends . In the end Gordon credits this resource as contributing the most to her healing.Honored for 15 weeks on the New York Times bestseller 's list , this book is the story of Barbara Gordon 's anxiety-induced slide into Valium addiction , her ill-advised and dangerous `` cold-turkey '' withdrawal , the psychosis and hospitalizations that followed the withdrawal , and her slow , painful , and persistent pathway back to functioning . Readers may find the first half of the book to be a bit repetitive as Gordon chronicles her destructive relationship with Eric , but the pathos and honesty expressed in her fight back to sanity while at Greenwood Hospital is gripping and compelling.I am aware that there have been changes in state licensing standards for therapists since this book was written . I am aware that there have been many significant advances in the study of brain biology since this book was written . I hope that the therapeutic `` industry '' may be credited with significant advance since Gordon endured this mistreatment . Nonetheless , I recommend this book . It speaks with a distinctive voice warning that we all - treated and untreated , patient and therapist - must take personal responsibility for our mental health within a supportive social context of family and friends.No one should ever have to repeat the experience Barbara Gordon had .
 I have read my share of memoirs , especially in the last five years which has seen a real proliferation of this type of writing . However , this book is one of the first memoirs to write about drug abuse -LRB- valium addiction -RRB- , and it holds up well , even after all these years . One of the themes of these book which was excellent , was the author 's relating in great detail her treatment . She showed that acknowledgement that one has an addiction is not the way a memoir should end ; she wrote compellingly , and with much courage , about how difficult treatment was , and that no one is ever `` completely cured '' . Another issue she raised , which I wholeheartedly agree with , is how few good therapists there are . She knew how lucky she was to find a good one at the last hospital she was in . No one brought up this issue 20 years ago when she wrote this book . Do n't pass this book up .
 I was required to read this book for a nursing addiction class which I was taking . I was n't sure what it was about because I did n't know who Barbara Gordon was until after reading the book . I was impressed by her courage in writing about an addiction problem and her struggles with it . Most people have a stigma against addicts , their impression is that of street bums when in fact addiction is non discrimatory . Doctors play an important part because many times , they do n't take the time to listen to what the person has to say and instead just writes out a prescription for complaints . With doctors sometimes not able to get the records , this people can go from doctor to doctor and continue their addiction problem without much hassle . The age of this book still tells of struggles that happened twenty years ago and these same struggles happen even today with people trying to receive treatment . I was glad that I was required to read this book as part of this class . I learned alot from it . Thank you . Terri
 If you 're like me , and really * get into * what you 're reading , this book will have you questioning your own sanity!You will fall into the deep blackness with Ms. Gordon , as well celebrate her successes as she begins to see the light!This book is timeless , powerful , and AWESOME . Not a `` feel good '' story -- but a tormented journey -- one which will give you hope.A must-read for women in search of inner-strength !
 In I 'm Dancing As Fast As I Can , successful documentary producer Barbara Gordon tells the story of the fallout in her life after breaking free from a valium addiction and her personal stuggles that followed . Barbara had it all , a wonderful relationship , a successful career , a network of friends and a niggling problem with anxiety . After making the decision to put an end to her addiction , Barbara mysteriously spirals into neurosis , hospitalization , dispair and loneliness . Encountering the best and worst that the psychiatric field had to offer , Barbara chooses to triumph over her demons , chooses health over psychosis . Her story offers a gripping glimpse into the depths of a psychological disorder and the battles on the road back to normalacy . This is a must read for anyone working in the mental health field and anyone battling their own psychological demons .
 This book helped me through the withdrawl from prescription drugs . While reading Miss Gordons story I felt like she was going through this nightmare with me . She had it much worse , but it was like a friend holding my hand during a dark and hellish time . I highly recommend this book for anyone going through this , you wo n't feel alone . Also for those who want to understand exactly what it 's like for your loved one before they get on these drugs , how it numbs us for years and the hell is takes to get off them ... in some cases fatal .
 I ca n't imagine the courage it must have taken Miss Gordon to not only make her way through the hell of prescription drugs but to find the inner strength to reveal her compelling story to the world so that others with similar addictions might find hope and light at the end of the tunnel . A gripping tale of addiction , struggle and triumph , I could not put the book down . A must read .
 Gerald Durrell was the first to claim that he was not a writer , he gave that honour up to his brother Lawerence . Gerald wrote first and foremost to pay for the Zoo in Jersey that was his life . Many of his books are hilarious accounts of his exploits in collecting the animals for his zoo . When he added an account of his youth in Corfu the book `` My family and other animals '' became a huge success , much to his surprise . It was some time before he wrote the absolutely hilarous `` Rosie is my relative '' which was his first work of true fiction . In this book I believe he reaches the pinnacle of his ability . Not as bellyachingly funny as `` Rosie '' this book is more poignant and very beautifully written . It is more poignant since it describes the rediscovery of the Mockery Bird which is a metaphor for the Dodo , that most famous of extinct species . Durrell fought all his life to save species from extinction and so I think that there is a special hope in his heart that emerges in this book . A hope for the future of animals .
 Did you ever wish that the Dodo had not really gone extinct ; that it might be simply hiding away somewhere ? if so , then you will love this story about the pleasantly eccentric island of Zenkali . This tale is the best fictional tale to spring from the mind of Gerald Durrell , the greatest conservationist of the 20th century . Most of his books were non-fictional accounts of his life experiences - first on the island of Corfu in Greece where he grew up and later as he developed the idea for the world 's first zoo given over entirely to conserving endangered species.The story follows the adventures of Peter Foxglove , a cultural attach&eacute; newly dispatched to oversee plans for a new airstrip for Zenkali . He arrives to discover that the description in the guidebook he read en route was completely accurate . The entire population of Zenkali is made up of nuts . Peter quickly gets caught up in the local politics and even finds himself trying to stop an all out civil war -LRB- a very funny one , trust me -RRB- . The story ends with Peter happily , permanently settling on the island.One wonderful thing about this book is that if you are familiar with Mr. Durrell 's other books , you will find that many of the characters are modeled on real people from his travels . Captain Pappas is Gerry 's childhood friend Spiro -LRB- My Family and Other Animals -RRB- . Kingy is a cross between the late King Toupo of Tonga and the Fon of Bafut -LRB- A Zoo in My Luggage , The Bafut Beagles -RRB- . Above all , this book is a wonderful way to introduce young people to the idea that modern convenience may not always be the best thing for our long term comfort . It also points out that the extinction of a species can have serious social ramifications as well as ecological ones . I would pair this book withGolden Bats and Pink Pigeonsas two of the most important books every written on any subject .
 Robert Cooke use humor throughout the book to help nonfinancial manager understand financial reports . The use of the Spouse House Firm throughout the book allows you to see the develop of financial reports as they apply to a small growing firm . Robert writes as he is right in front of you talking to someone he has known for a long time . He uses humor to help you understand the difficult concepts of the book . If you are looking to learn financial statements or just refresh your skills this is the book I recommend .
 This book starts teaching before chapter one even gets under way by setting the expectation that you really can learn -LRB- and better , apply -RRB- finance no matter what you 're trying to do.The sample situation that follows all the way through the book really helps focus on the concepts being taught . Some of the examples are humorous and some make you want to share what you 're reading with a loved one.I bought this book because I 'm just starting to deal with the budget aspects of network management , and needed to figure out how to lay out what I want to do technically to non-technical folks who have the company checkbook . I already know what I want to do , how much it will cost - demonstrating benefits and describing it in language the `` C '' team - CEO , CFO - speaks really helps.One of the best discoveries for me while reading this book is that in addition to helping me achieve the goal above , I found the concepts are applicable to budgeting for the home as well.It 's definitely worth a read !
 I 'd definately recommend this book to anyone who feels phased by finance . Either as a refresher course to revamp finance skills long gone or for newcomers to the subject . The material is very relevant and extremely readable which makes an otherwise droll subject quite lively and interesting . I would have given this book 5 stars but being the pedantic reader that I am , I discovered that some of the calculations were actually inaccurate and , even worse , the answers to the review questions were wrong too . This does n't help when you 're not a natural number cruncher and need solid accuracy to assist in the learning process . Needless to say , its still a fundamentally good book and I know I 'll be referring to it over again to make sure the basic concepts stick .
 What a great book ! It 's easy to read , funny and it does a great job of explaining , piece by piece , the aspects of finance and it 's interaction with a small business . I 'd highly recommend this book to anyone who owns a business , is thinking of owning a business or just wants to better understand what the finance world looks like from the outside.It takes a black-box perspective on the subject to avoid dragging the reader into all the minute details while still giving the reader plenty to chew on , like COGS , depreciation , lease vs. buy decisions , and inventory valuation . The intent of this book is not to teach the reader to be an accountant but rather a book to teach the businessperson how to better use accounting as a tool so they can be more effective.And I * love * to use of the example small business of Rosie 's Spouse Houses to tie each accounting concept directly to specific `` real-world '' situations . The great use of humor really helps break up what can be a relatively unpalatable topic.The only place this book falls a little short -LRB- but for good reason - it 's already a long book ! -RRB- is on financial statement analysis . For that , I 'd recommend the book `` How To Read a Financial Report '' by John A. Tracy.I have -LRB- and will continue -RRB- to recommend this book to my friends who own small businesses .
 This is the book that patients and families really need to allow them to deal with Lung Cancer . Clear , practical , concise , and informative ; you 'll find useable information about everything you ever wanted to know about this disease . Meticulous medical information about symptoms , treatments , and what to expect are provided in clear language that patients can understand . Patient stories flow through the book to bring the human side of this disease . Coping strategies are here , and so is empowering information about insurance , decision making , and end of life issues.As a cancer patient advocate , I strongly recommend this book for patients , caregivers , and professionals .
 My wife recently got diagnosed with lung cancer . What then followed , among many other things , was a frantic , intense search for information and enlightenment . This book is by far the best , most comprehensive and enlightening book on the matter . You are far better prepared to face the challenges , choices and complexities of lung cancer treatment with this book by your side . Our deep gratitude to the author for producing this book .
 You read a lot of books , when you have a relative with lung cancer . This book gives you an overview of the most common options you have , without the depressing statistics about lung cancer . If you fight for your health , statistics are n't that important after all.However , there are a lot of pages about coping with cancer ` socially ' , which may be important to some people , but that is information I was not really looking for . And the health system in de USA is a different from the system in Europe -LRB- dealing with doctors , insurance , that kind of things -RRB- . But it is by far the best introduction book about lung cancer I have been reading so far . I keep using it over and over again . So
 My husband was diagnosed with lung cancer more than 4 years ago , and I honestly do not know how I made it for almost 4 years without this book . It answers almost every conceivable question a person might have about lung cancer , and is the most comprehensive book on lung cancer , written in laymen 's terms and very easy to read and understand , that I have ever found . I highly recommend it to anyone who has been diagnosed , or has a loved one who has been diagnosed with lung cancer .
 A great book for the layperson . It answers almost every question of the patient and his/her family . The information is clear , practical , informative and concise . You will be prepared to face the challenges , choices , insurance issues , treatment options and pain management questions that all come with lung cancer . Family support is vital and this book will give the family information that is needed to help the family be supportive of the patient .
 I 'm not a lung cancer patient but I am a healthnut and try to read as many cancerbooks -LRB- both alternative and conventional -RRB- as possible . This was easy-to-read andcontained / / valuable / / information about warning signs . I never knew that clubbedfingers was a possible symptom of lung cancer ! Since it was published 10 + yrs agothe treatment section is outdated but the patient testimonials are still veryvalid today . Do n't let the age of this book fool you -- it 's definitely wellworth your time !
 I 've owned a house for about 8 months now and am only dreaming of owning a shop , so I checked this book out of our local library to begin thinking about possiblities . This book was much better than I thought it would be , and I am considering buying it.Let 's face it , no one is going to be able to tell you how to set up a shop . Your situation will be different from everyone else . However , this book will give you a good many ideas and much motivation . It has everything from dream workshops to small shops -LRB- even a section on garage workshops , which I liked -RRB- . It 's going to give you an idea where to start and where you want to go . It has everything from the basic tool lists to advanced designs for electrical wiring and dust removal.Using this book as a resource , one could really build a great shop , or get a lot of ideas on how to make your shop better . The only thing it wo n't do is tell you how to make the money for all those great tools you will want after reading it !
 All my expectations were thoroughly exceeded in this handsome book , which features lots of clear , informative photos -LRB- all taken by the author -RRB- . I like the organization of the book , that includes chapters on all the practical aspects of building , remodelling or setting up a woodworking shop
 I 've set up automotive repair shops before but never a wood working shop . In my opinion this book will be invaluable to anyone setting up a woodworking shop . It walks you thru setup step by step . What I found really great was the information on electrical and lighting , air filtering , heating , and compressed air information .
 Good book for anyone who is contemplating establishing a woodworking shop . After years of dabbling in woodworking , I recently took the plunge and started buying more equipment , and am using the book to guide the sequence of purchases and setup of my basement shop . The book also covers stand-alone shops in garages or polebarns , and discusses the very basics as electrical power needs , lighting , security , heating , dust collection , layout , workstations , and a few other topics . All-in-all , pretty comprehensive treatment of the subject .
 Do n't expect this to answer all your questions . Do n't expect it to be a collection of plans or blueprints . And , it 's certainly not a picture book tour of the best , most beautiful shop setups in the country even though it has elements of all those items.The key to this book is in the title ` practical guide ' . This is exactly what this book is . Using the author 's usual great pictures and clear text , if you intend to plan , build or modify a shop and need to organize your thoughts this book will be a big help . If you are in some stage of planning , building or modifying -LRB- or dreaming -RRB- and wonder what you may have forgotten , this may be the book for you.It does not tell you specifically what to do . It does suggest ways to think through your work flow and place and power machinery.By way of example , you may have not considered all your options for lighting the work area . You will find a great deal of information down to and including the colors of various types of lighting output.So , with all that in mind , it 's a nice way to dream away an afternoon .
 I am only through 2 chapters of this book but it is already proving very useful . He covers a variety of situations covering things for the beginning worker right up to the advanced worker , for those with a good sized bank account right down to the penny-pincher . This book is going to save me some time , money , and trouble as I put my new shop together !!
 This book has many practical ideas , is very well illustrated and detailed.Effeciency , safety , and comfort are addressed well . Dust collection , electrical supply and shop layout are covered completely . I would recommend it highly .
 Do n't know if anyone else has addresed this . I have been building my barn shop for 7 years now . The book covers many of my thoughts and concerns . Would have wanted this sooner than later . Points raised for consideration . Noise and sound . I put in some wood walls , painted white and sealed against moisture , but I fussed with that or drywall . I considered my own sound issues and went with wood . But after reading some of the author 's comments I will be spending extra time for fire protection and sound absorption when I do other parts of the shop . Not for me alone , but for my nieghbors as well . Good book to read before , during or contemplating a shop . Hey , we get to find out about how the masters of wood roughed it as well .
 I love this book . It has helped me turn my garage into a very efficient , productive , and SAFE woodworking shop . Highly recommended !
 The third of a set of books I purchased for my husband so that he is able to decide how he should set up his hobby shop .
 This book contains a LOT of information , but honestly it 's hard to focus on the content . With each page brimming with vivacious workshop photography , even the most sardonic woodworker will `` oooooooooh '' and `` aaaaaaaaaaah '' out loud when seeing the shops that Sandor has chosen to include.Don ' t get me wrong . The content is great , and it does loosely tie to the photos -LRB- I 'm told :--RRB- but it took two or three trips through this book before I read a word . `` Was that a sliding table saw slash jointer slash planer slash router table ? Wow ... this guy has a thousand planes ! Gee wiz ... . I never thought of that idea ! Oh man ... I 'm gon na STEAL that idea ! '' ... it does n't stop.Once you get to the content , you 'll find you 've actually learned quite a lot from the photos . The content does n't get into too much detail -- it really is a wide ranging and `` general '' shop setup book and , honestly , it 's information you can get from a zillion woodworking websites , but it 's a helpful book to point you in the right direction while you look for more detailed information on particular stuff likeTable Saw Bk 2/EandWoodshop Dust Control.But man , the pictures sure are pretty.If you like this book or are looking for an alternative , you might look atWoodshop Lust
 I found a lot of good ideas in this book . I am picking up woodworking and am building my shop . This book gives many examples of furniture shops and workplaces . You can easily adapt the tips to your space . The photos are interesting and informative , and the author talks a lot about how to make your life easier by setting your tools up in the right way and putting what you need at your finger tips.May be boring for someone who is a professional woodworker .
 Finally in my retirement am I having the opportunity to outfit the woodworking shop of my dreams . I now have ample space both for material storage and working room . Being guided by `` Setting Up Shop ... '' I am gaining from wonderful ideas and the author 's tested experience . I recommend this book to anyone who is , or dreams of , setting up shop .
 This is a very clear , thorough , well-written book . It details many aspects of setting up a small wood shop , from layout to electrical work to insulation and soundproofing . The author also talks about what tools to select and suggests a priority order for people who can not get all they want at once . It is an excellent source of information for anyone from hobbyists to beginning professionals .
 Sandor Nagyszalanczy is a professional furniture designer , photographer and tool consultant
 I was looking for a book about the shop space itself , and this was right on the money . There one chapter on general tools that one would need , but that 's it . The rest is dedicated to preparing a space for a woodshop . There is a lot of attention paid to outbuilding-type ` dream ' shops most of us will never have , but electricity , surface treatment , storage , etc. are all still applicable . Every chapter is a reference itself . The table of contents is clear and makes it easy to find what you may be interested in .
 As a library administrator , and avid woodworker , I get to see and read a lot of woodworking and shop building books . This is among the best I have ever read . I even purchased a copy of this one for myself . I was really impressed with all of the common-sense advice for day-to-day problems encountered in any workshop . Many of the other workshop books on the market are either too simplistic , or serve only to showcase famous woodworking shops without detail . This book gives all the nitty-gritty that you will need to set up or rework your dream shop . It definitely helped me .
 I have to disagree with the other reviewers that this book onlyhas info for folks with cash to burn . There are a lot of greatideas that can be implemented at all sorts of investment levels.And a number of the shops they feature are not crazy `` dream `` shops -- there are several one-car garage and basement shops thatare quite reasonable for any person who is serious enough abouthaving a shop that they 'd actually go to the trouble of buyinga book about setting that shop up . And I also have to say thatthis book is much more practical than `` The Workshop Book '' in theTaunton Press Workshop Classics series . While I love the latter , this book has more information about electrical wiring , shoplay out , bench ideas , and storage . If you are serious aboutsetting up your first real shop , this is the book you should have , period .
 I have always considered myself to be proficient at getting things organized and not having too many regrets afterward . I work more happily and efficiently when things are properly setup . This book answered several questions that I was considering in reworking my shop/2 car garage . The author provides you with the thought processes not exact layouts or locations for equipment . The author covers the advantages and pitfalls to various shop problems and locations . He effectively covers working with what you already have and does not necessarily recommend building a shop from the ground up . Mr. Nagyszalanczy does a commendable job of getting you to think through your needs and habits , along with his insight -LRB- and examples of others ' shops -RRB- to set up a functional , habitable and not necessarily costly work shop . This book saved me time , money and some amount of frustration and embarrassment . Well worth it .
 I am a beginning cabinetmaking student at a local community and technical college here in Minneapolis , and because I know I have much to learn before setting up my own work space , I decided to do some research on the topic . Setting Up Shop
 This is a nicely photographed book that is loaded with features . It has several profiles of shops from people you 've probably heard of -LRB- Sam Maloof , James Krenov , etc. -RRB- so if you 've ever been curious about the shops of top woodworkers this is a good book . It has some basics about electrical and lighting layout , but not nearly enough about machine placement and fitting the shop to your existing space . I wanted to optimize the use of space in my basement shop -LRB- with support pillars in the middle of the space -RRB- and did n't get much guidance . Given that most non-pros probably work in the garage or basement , there should have been more dedicated to this kind of space . Still , it 's a good volume and probably more useful to someone looking to remodel or build new .
 It is difficult to properly review this book . If one is used to the superb works usually presented by Taunton Press , Setting Up Shop is a disappointment . Not because the information is inadequate ; far from it ! Sandor presents solutions to problems you would n't have thought existed until they jumped up and bit you on the nose . How much insulation should you have in your new shop ? How do you keep the cords from wrapping around your legs and dropping you into the whirring tablesaw blade ? Did you even know it could happen ? It can . Sandor Nagyszalanczy will help you avoid disaster.Unfortunately , I can not give a full five stars to this book because it 's layout is , basically , odd . References to other pages in the book are wrong and you have to hunt before and after to find the chart , reference , picture , etc. you wanted . The text seems to disappear around a photo and reappear on the next page where you would n't expect it . Very , very annoying!Still , I learned an enormous amount and so will you . There is golden data hidden here but it is well worth the search .
 I bought this book while I was gutting a small garage and converting it into a shop . This book was a tremendous help -- it had practical suggestions for wiring , walling , layout , equipment , everything . Electrical advice , in terms of how much power to bring in and where to situate plugs and lighting , was really critical to me , and the book helped me avoid a costly and annoying re-do after other pieces had been laid in . It has photos of working shop layouts that are encouraging to the home builder , some of the shops are amazingly compact ! Sandor does n't advocate a fancy shop in any sense -- just one that is reasonably well laid out for the space you 've got , and that accomodates the production process you have in mind . If you 're about to set up a shop , I would highly recommend this book .
 I bought a house with a garage that had been converted to a studio apartment . After a year of trying to make it work as a shop I gave up . I was about to completely gut it and start over -LRB- which would be more money than I wanted to spend by a long shot -RRB- when I spotted this book . The wide range of shop layouts described and shown in this book completely changed my perspective on the problem . Practical and comprehensive , this book is a gem for those looking to build a woodshop from the ground up or renovate an existing one . I have already put several of the principles in this book to work for me and will spend a fraction of what I would have on the remodeling . Thank you Sandor .
 Yep , there are a lot of `` dream shops '' in this book . But ton 's of ideas for those of us that are `` monitarilly challenged '' . I found a lot of good ideas for storage and space utilization from the pictures and text . Admittedly the most of the shop layouts will not work for me , but I can sure use bits and pieces . I did n't buy this book , got it at the library , but I believe I will buy it just as a reference for ideas . Recommend it highly for just this reason .
 This book was ideal for laying out my shop . It had great tips and ideas for layout , storage , and electrical receptacle runs .
 I am a novice woodworker who will be setting up a workshop in a new home in the next year or so . Reading this good book beforehand will help me make much better-informed decisions . Good photos and graphics too .
 I can never get enough books - and each one has excellent ideas . This lets me plan ahead for the stuff I might get in the future , as well as solutions that other people have found to common problems .
 This is not just another book on HOW TO ... with bulk of suggessions . But it deals with real life situations and guides with every step with new venture . It helped me in establishing my ideas in reality ...
 Recieved in Good Condition .
 Joanna Bourke has written a book that explores the culture of the working class in Britain from the late Victorian period until the mid-twentieth century . Rather than taking a political or a generalised stance , she looks at the individual and the community surrounding them to define her view of working class culture . She explores several areas such as gender , work , ethnicity , domesticity and locality and covers these areas in essay type chapters . Rather than concentrating on society 's view of the working class she looks at how the working class perceives itself . Bourke 's main argument is that social force and community is pivotal in an individual 's perception of their class.Dr Bourke does put forward a good , if occasionally contradictory argument of how she sees the working class . At times her views seem a little too positive and ignore some of the historical evidence demonstrating the downside of being in this social group . However it is an interesting opinion of working class cultures that she promotes and does help to balance the often all too negative ideas promoted by other historians.This book is easy to read and has useful charts and statistics throughout . Each chapter includes a selective bibliography and at the end of the book there is a comprehensive bibliography as well as extensive notes . Although this book is aimed at undergraduates , its easily read style and inclusion of anecdotes should appeal to anyone with an interest in social history .
 From the table of contents :1 . Lessons behind the lessons2 . Myths of ninjitsu3 . Ninpo Taijitsu4 . Jissen No HoWritten by the first American ninjutsu teacher , this book covers the history of ninjutsu , philosophy , fighting , the mind as a tool of the spirit , active meditation , extended realities and the art of understanding . Fully illustrated techniques with step-by-step photos and instructions
 There is no way anyone can truly say that they study or train ninjutsu without reading Stephen Hayes ' material . He is probably the only reason that ninjutsu is accessable to the masses . His work and dedication to the art without being a fringe kook or a wacko give him the highest level of credibility . This is good stuff . His master , Masaaki Hatsumi is still alive and in Japan . There are no secrets -- just verifiable truth waiting to be discovered . If you want your knowledge of ninjutsu/ninjitsu/ninpo etc. to be complete , you will buy his books .
 This is a very excellent resource on true Ninjutsu , one of the few , it should be charished by all true warriors .
 Stephen K. Hayes is a well respected martial arts teacher and lecturure . Of course one can not truly learn ninjutsu without a teacher , this book , and all of Hayes ' books are very useful .
 The Sword in the Stone is a fantastic book to read for several reasons.The first reason is the title , which sounds like an exciting adventure story . As soon as I looked at the cover with a magician and a young boy on it , I knew it wouild be something I would be interested in . The short summary on the inside of the cover told me enough about the story to know that I would read this from end to end . The other thind the summary told me was that the book was about King Arthur , who I 've always wanted to read about . I picked out the book and immediately decided that this was something I would read.The main character is young Arthur . He is a young boy who is typical of young people in his time . He is brave , thoughful of others , and very respectful to his elders . When his tutor , the Magician Merlyn , begins his education , Arthur 's curiosity and talent for learning become apparent . Even so , Arthur and his brother , Kay , run and play as normal kids would . Not too much is made of the fact that Arthur is adopted.It would be fair to say that Arthur is shown to be somebody who will grow into greatness but will be perfectly normal getting there.I really like this book because it is a fast-moving story with a great deal of adventure and magic . Arthur 's adventures put him into all kinds of circumstances and problems . In fact , each adventure is a unique hapenning . The way the author weaves adventure and magic into his tales makes the book hard to put down . I especially liked the time when Merlyn turned Arthur into a bird . When Arthur was locked in a box and almost cooked by a witch , I enjoyed how Arthur used a goat as a messenger . This kind of descriptive writing made me feel like I was inside the book . I wouild have to say that this book is an exciting , magical adventure story , which I enjoy greatly .
 We got this book for my son 's assigned summer reading from his school . The book itself is good and discussion worthy , and will make a good classroom topic , hitting upon some controversial topics . The book itself has some wear , but for the cost was a pretty good value . It had a bit of a musty smell , like it came from an old school or library . But , hey ; it was used , so we were n't expecting perfection.I 'd buy from this seller again . And , my son would recommend the book to others for a good read .
 I 'm only in the middle of the book , but it is fantasic ! My school teacher is reading the same book and ca n't put it down . She even reads in the middle of class ! This is an amazing book to read and I am so wanting to read more and more every day . It 's wonderful and an adventure with every new page . If you are most enterested in King Arthur then read it . It will tell you more then enough info about King Arthur . It is one of T.H.White 's most fantasic and fanous story . It was amazing !
 Young Arthur , -LRB- known to everyone else as `` Wart '' , -RRB- learns from his tutor , Merlin , stuff that he could only dream about before , coming to life before his eyes . Like watching Jousts , turning in to fish , birds , and other animals , and going on adventures with Robin Wood , -LRB- commonly known as Robin Hood . -RRB- but makes mistakes , gets injured , and learns from them . And all of this only helps in his future life , and his quest , which is his destiny . I rated the sword in the stone a 5 because It was a extremely good book , and the only things that might affect my judgment is the fact that sometimes they use old English . It is sometimes hard to understand because some of the wording is a little old , and , and stuff like that . But T.H. White is able to incorporate a story of king Arthur , and a story full of distinct , funny and odd people , -LRB- basically , a comedy , -RRB- in to one great book . Another reason that I think that it is a good book because T.H.White gets really in depth throughout the whole book , he can describe every detail , in other words , he can really `` Paint a perfect picture . '' So all in all I say that if you are interested in King Arthur at all , you should definitely read this book ! It does not matter if you are twelve or twenty-one , thirty or seventy , you will truly enjoy The Sword in The Stone . It is definitely a top ten on my list ! If you like The Sword in the stone as much as I do , then I recommend reading The Once and Future King , also by T.H.White .
 I must admit , at first I was n't keen on the idea of reading a novel based on Arthurian legend for English . Despite my love of the Disney cartoon , I felt certain that the book would be dull and slow-moving , with little or no comic relief , and cardboard characters . I was sure that knights and swordplay would hold no interest for me . Yet , as soon as I picked up The Sword in the Stone by T.H. White , I changed my mind . This well-written book was engrossing , lively , and humorous , three qualities which , based on my preconceived notions of the book , I never would have expected a novel on Arthurian legend to have.I grew up watching Walt Disney 's cartoon version of the book , and it was always one of my favorites . But can you trust a Disney cartoon to be the same as the book ? Because they always change the story so that it will appeal to younger audiences , it is difficult for Disney to stay accurate . To my surprse , the movie is actually rather true to the book.T.H . White 's vivid characters really bring this fabulous story to life with lovable , animated personalities . As you follow Arthur -LRB- affectionately nicknamed `` Wart '' -RRB- on a series of wonderful , wild events under the tutelage of Merlyn , you grow to enjoy spending time with this eager character who is anxious to learn and is always up for an adventure . Merlyn , the slightly eccentric old magician who lives life backwards , and who has come to the Castle Savauge to tutor Arthur and Kay , is lovely , as well . Then there is the crazy , fun-loving King Pellinore , who spends his life on the trail of the Questin ' Beast . With his many excellent portrayals . T.H. White makes you feel as though you 've made some new friends.The unique plot of this book is one of the things that keeps you constantly wrapped up in it . From becoming a fish , to rescuing friends with Robin Wood -LRB- NOT Hood -RRB- and Maid Marian , to going on a possibly deadly boar hunt with the whole village , Arthur does it all . You are sure to be enthralled as Arthur sees what it 's like to be an ant , an owl , and many other creatures . The fun , frolicking plot is like no other , so it always keeps you interested and waiting for more . And , of course , there is always the happy ending , which I wo n't give away for those of you who do not already know what it is . The plot is different in that it has several small dilemmas , rather than one major obstacle for Arthur to overcome . So , if you are looking for a suspenseful book that will keep you on the edge of your seat , this is not the book for you . But if you are looking for a comical book with a playful , whimsical plot , energetic , delightful characters , and an all-in-all happy mood , The Sword in the Stone is your book of choice .
 It has been many years since I read the works of T.H. White , and it was quite by accident that I came across the Philomel edition of The Sword in the Stone , while browsing the bargain section at a used bookstore . I found this edition for two dollars -LRB- and in very good condition -RRB- , and decided to purchase it so that I could share it with my young daughter . The book brought back fond memories of summers spent at my grandparents ' home , and of reading the numerous works of children 's literature in their home library.The Sword and the Stone is a wonderful work of fantasy , of Arthur 's childhood and tutelage under the great wizard , Merlyn . It is full of fun and adventurous exploits , giving readers and anyone interested in Arthur a fantastical glimpse into Arthur 's life during childhood . The Philomel edition is especially recommended for the beautiful , detailed , full color illustrations by artist Dennis Nolan . There are seventeen full-page color illustrations which enhance one 's reading pleasure . A captivating read indeed .
 THE SWORD IN THE STONE is just about the best fantasy that I have ever read . It is a story of the childhood of Wart , later known as King Arthur , and is filled with delightful adventures that fulfill childhood dreams-such as becoming a owl and being able to fly . Not only that , but this book is also filled with the wonder and the wisdom of T.H.White . To read it is an undescribable experience.I recommend it uncondoitionally to all lovers of fantasy
 The book `` The Sword In The Stone '' written by T.H. White was a very exciting and interesting book . The book was about a young boy named The Wart brought up in a wealthy family of his father , Sir Ector , and his brother , Kay . He met a wizard who became his tutor but not any ordinary tutor . This tutor , Merlyn , turned The Wart into different animals and what-not to give Wart the greatest adventure of his life . I really liked this book because it was really exciting and kept you on your toes . The adventures that Wart was faced with were exciting , fun , and entertaining . One of the adventures that I liked the most was the first one The Wart was sent on . He was turned into a fish and seemed so vulnerable then because he needed to learn how to swim and to get used to the water . It was exciting ! Even when the book started to get a little bleak the author would always come back with a new , fun adventure to keep you on your toes . There was only one point that I did n't like . The author would spend one out of about every five chapters just describing the scenery and the place they were in . That got rather monotonous to read.I would recommend this book to a skilled reader but no one under the age of ten . This book was wonderful and fun-filled , and if you love excitement and fantasy this is a book for you!ALWAYS , Ken
 This was a wonderful book to read , and I too was surprised and pleased at how much of the novel Walt Disney kept in his cartoon version . -LRB- Disney was either very faithful or very unfaithful in his adaptations.This is much more faithful than some . -RRB- Wart needed a lot of education , and Merlyn knew the right way to teach Wart the way to be a king.The different lives Wart led as an animal showed him the basics of human nature , as he realizes that animals and humans are n't too different at all .
 Do what we will , we always become who we are meant to be . We hold a lot of power within us , but not enough to fight our fates . Fascinating theories and themes such as these are presented and strongly portrayed in T.H. White 's The Sword in the Stone . The inexorable power of destiny is beautifully illustrated in this book , which takes us through many adventures of the boyhood of legendary King Arthur.Readers gain a respect for young King Arthur -LRB- identified in this story as `` the Wart '' -RRB- from the very start . Though the Wart is treated somewhat unkindly by his guardians , Sir Ector and Kay , he does what he knows is right in all situations . These situations include the first main incident of the story , in which the Wart bravely stays a whole night alone in a dark forest , simply to retrieve a servant 's loose bird . He also keeps his head and his priorities straight despite his older brother Kay 's naggings and his envy for Kay 's station in society . The Wart is somewhat confused and unsure of his purpose in life , but soon his main guardian Sir Ector hires a wizard named Merlyn to tutor and educate the boy . Thus marks the beginning of the future king 's great adventures and learning experiences . Putting to use his magical powers , the wizard educates the Wart by transforming him into several different creatures so that the boy can see life from various points of view . One day , as Arthur is trying to find a sword for Kay to use in a jousting match , he comes across a sword in a stone -LRB- which is the title 's derivation -RRB- . He struggles to pull it out for quite some time , then senses that something strange and unusual is in the air around him , something magical , and the sword easily slips out . His family and all the townspeople are shocked and somewhat dismayed when they hear the news , but nevertheless the meek , submissive , experienced Arthur inherits the throne . The ending ties up many loose ends and brings the whole story together in one great , triumphant , fulfilling close.Strange and contradicting as it may seem , I both dislike and love this detailed book . I dislike it because I feel that many parts are too long and drawn-out , especially descriptions of places and the Wart 's out-of-body experiences . I love the story because it is very creative and poses thought-provoking theories and pieces of advice about life . I enjoy the humorous parts of this book , which are sporadically sprinkled within both casual and serious situations . I think that the young king 's experiences are relevant and can be beneficial to many who seek different viewpoints of life.I personally recommend The Sword in the Stone to people who read at about the junior-high or high-school level , roughly age twelve and up , who are interested in Arthurian legend . I especially recommend it to males , as I feel that it is generally a male-directed book . I state this because there are very few female characters involved in the story , and those are very minor -LRB- yet not inferior -RRB- characters . It is possible that this is due to the fact that the author himself is a male . Nonetheless , The Sword in the Stone contains many important themes which will be beneficial to all types of people who choose to read the book .
 Pretty much everyone has seen the Disney cartoon , but T.H. White 's The Sword in the Stone is a story that must be read . Nowhere in the movie do you get delicious bits like : `` The cottage had a brass plate screwed on the garden gate . It said
 This is my first T.H. White book , and WOW I love it ! The story was written in the 1930s , published in 1938 . Around the time of CS Lewis and JRR Tolkein . I would say this book is unique and outstanding of the Narnia and The Lord of the Rings series . It is not comparable to any other books I 've read . The Disney motion picture version of the book does not give away anything . I have the DVD and I find every detail of the plot is surprising . It is a great read for both children and the adults . I strongly recommanded it for readers of all age .
 I did n't really want to read this book at first , because it was for an English class of mine . When I started reading it I was pleasently suprised ! I ended up enjoyng this book very much ! I would recomend reading it to anyone looking for a humorous adventure story.My favorite character would have to to Merlin . Merlin is a good wizard . He plays a huge roll in this book . Merlin made this book funny and much more interesting . Why would n't T.H White put him in more of the story ? My only complaint of this book would have to be Merlin not being even more invloved and humorous!This story has evry interesting character development also . Kay , Wart 's best friend , future knight , and Sir Ecotr 's son , is the character I enjoyed watching develop the most . Kay came across to me as a snob at the start of the book . Later in the book he shows his true colors when he crys to Wart . At the end I did n't like him again when he lied about pulling the sword from the stone , but then when he confessed that it truely was Wart I liked him again.I really enjolyed this book . It turned an unwanted English project into something I can look back and love . I would definately recomend this book . Thank you T.H White for the amazing read !
 The book was perfect as if it had never been used.The shipment was fast.I recommande this produce ;-RRB- .
 T. H. White wrote The Sword in the Stone . He was one of President Kennedy 's best and brightest . The Sword in the Stone is a fantasy novel , intended for adults , mostly due to the difficult working . It 's purpose is to tell a story and to entertain . The title is self explanatory for anyone who has heard Arthurian legends before , but if not , it becomes obvious towards the end of the book.The Sword in the Stone tells the story of a young boy called the Wart who 's adventures with the wizard Merlyn helped prepare him for his last adventure as the Wart and his first as Arthur . Wart is raised on a manor with his adopted father Sir Ector and stepbrother Kay . Kay gains an increasingly important role in the end . He and Wart slowly grow apart to the extent that he serves as one of the few antagonists . The language used in the book is one of the few challenges that I had with the book . I had a hard time with the way the book switched back and forth from Modern English to Old English . One of the main arguments in the book is `` Might versus Right , or Strength vs. Justice . `` I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historic fiction or fantasy . Despite the confusing grammar , I thoroughly enjoyed this book . The author did a great job of creating three dimensional characters and a complex but not confusing plot . I especially enjoyed how the author could shift from a serious dialogue between William Twyti and Robin Wood to a comical scene with Sir Grummore and King Pellinore .
 If you like books about King Arthur and all his adventures then you 'll like this book . It is filled with magic and strange creatures a plenty . It is not just fun for children , but the whole family ! I enjoyed this book because of all the interesting animals and giants Merlin and young Arthur meet .
 Mr. White created a world that took some time to get used to . Having not read a children 's classic in awhile , I had to get used to the vernacular all over again . Once I was able to follow it , the stories unfolded and I could n't get enough . Mr. White truly knows how to get you to step into another world with ease . He takes all different kinds of characters and historical people to make this story work . I was truly pleased.The Young Wart , Arthur , was shy at first . He knew what his station in life would always be due to the fact that he did n't know who his parents were . Sir Ector was kind enough to take him under his wing . Yet there were certain things Wart knew he 'd never do . Or so he thought . Merlyn was a fantastic character ! I loved seeing a new take on Merlyn . The other characters of King Pelinore , Sir Ector , Madam Mim and others brought the cast to a completion . The range of their personalities were fun to watch unfold.The adventures were so much more fun than the Disney movie . I was truly impressed with how much was followed yet the things that were left out were my favorites . The beginning dragged for me but by the end , I was sad to see it end . This was a fun romp in period fiction and I am curious to see what else was written by this author . I would n't read this to anyone under the age of 10 only since there is some coarse language used . There were times I was surprised I did n't burst out into song with all the bits of songs that were part of the story !
 The Sword in the Stone is about a young boy called the Wart and all the interesting things he learns . His tutor , a magician named Merlyn , changes the Wart into many different animals . While he is an animal he learns there are many ways to look at life . He realizes life beyond castle walls is different and harder than most would think . The Wart becomes a well-educated young man who is very gentle but not afraid to stand up for what he believes . The book was very enjoyable because it always kept me guessing and had a good plot . The book kept me interested becasue the chapters never started slow and climaxed toward the end ; for the most part the entire chapter was fun to read . I wanted to keep reading because the plot was never dull . In one chapter the Wart is on an adventure with Robin Wood ; then in the next chapter he is watching an exciting jousting match . If you like a strong plot and exciting chapters , you will really enjoy this book .
 The book `` The Sword in the Stone '' by
 The five star reviews are right on and I have nothing more to add in praise of this book , but a word of warning
 B4 we started reading this book we read julius caesar by shakespeare which was a good book ... and this book has a very nice story ... especially cuz b4 this i barely knew anything aobut king arthur ... just that there was a sword that only he pulled out ...
 THIS IS A VERY GOOD BOOK ABOUT MERLIN AND ARTHUR BUT I WOULD RECOMMEND MARY STEWART 'S AND SIR THOMAS MALORY 'S BOOKS OVER T.H. WHITE . IF ONE UNDERSTANDS WHITE 'S VIEWS ON THE WORLD POLITICALLYAND MORALLY ONE WILL GET MORE OUT OF HIS BOOKS . HIS VIEWS AREVERY GOOD AND SHOULD BE CONSIDERED . ESPECIALLY HIS OUTLOOK OFMAN AND HIS PLACE HERE IN THIS WORLD.GOOD BOOK TO HAVE ...
 `` Sword in the Stone '' is the must-read book of Arthuriana , an imaginative fantasy romp that has inspired all our ideas about the venerable Merlin and about King Arthur 's boyhood . White infuses the book with whimsy , poignancy , and a mixture of early 20th-century England and medieval times.Sir Ector 's ward Arthur -LRB- known as `` Wart '' -RRB- has no idea what he 's in for when he accompanies Ector 's son Kay out on a hunt . When a bad-tempered hawk escapes and refuses to come out of a tree , Wart ends up staying behind all night in the hopes of recapturing it . But he 's interrupted by an odd old man called Merlin and his talking owl Archimedes . Merlin captures the hawk -- and then comes home with Wart . Soon he is firmly established as tutor to the two boys.But they soon discover that nobody is quite like Merlin , and the lessons he has to teach Wart are more than just math and Latin . Merlin transforms Arthur into a fish , an owl , a hawk , and sends him on bizarre journeys with Robin Wood -LRB- Wood , not Hood -- a common mistake -RRB- and his band of Merry Men , a duel with an evil witch , a gathering of trees , a fumbling King and the Questing Beast , and capture in a sinister giant 's castle.T.H . White was a wonderful author , and an even better comic author . His characters are fully fleshed and endearing -LRB- even the nasty ones -RRB- , but at the same time there is a delightful lightness to them . There is n't a speck of realism in the entire book -- chronology is bent and spindled , magic and realism are twisted together , and readers wo n't care at all . In a sense , `` Sword '' seems almost to exist in a parallel universe where animals talk , Robin Hood chit-chats with the once and future king , and carnivorous humanoids roam through Britain . `` Wart '' is a good hero -- quiet , unassuming , thoughtful , and occasionally puts his foot in his mouth . His foster brother Kay is also good -- Kay is hot-tempered and a little loud-mouthed , but he is a nice person at heart . Merlin is the perfect crabby gray wizard , eccentric and unashamed to use his magic in a perfectly casual manner , and constantly a little befuddled due to his ability to live backwards in time . He 'll endear himself to readers from the first page onward . There are dozens of equally funny characters
 Finding a COMPLETE version of this book is difficult . When the Sword and the Stone was grafted onto the rest of the series to form the Once and Future King , T.H. White removed several scenes from the book . Growing up enjoying the Walt Disney version of the film , I was disappointed when I read the Once and Future King . Where was the wizard 's duel between Merlyn and Madam Mim ? Surely , Disney did n't come up with that on their own.Well , the truth is these lost parts are still out there if you wish to find them . Some of the lost episodes include
 The Sword in the Stone is a truly wonderful book . It is the classic story of young King Arthur , but told in greater depth and detail , and filled with wonderful , humorous characters . The tale so many times retold suddenly becomes fresh and original , as T.H. White 's stunning narrative sweeps the reader into the world of Midieval England , and makes the old story come alive in a new and delightful way . Never before has anyone been able to make the old characters of Arthur and Merlyn , Sir Ector and King Pellinore come alive in such a real and fantastic way . The story is brought to life , and is better by far then the traditional telling of the tale . White does not only tell the simple story of the sword in the stone - here he tells the story of the boy who pulled it out . He goes back and tells us about the growing up of this boy , that we might better understand why it was he that was meant for this destiny , and what it was that shaped him for this task . And throughout the entire story , the book sparkles with humour , wit and charm , which is all the better because it is told in Old English . There are too many books these days written in modern language , using slang and twentieth century dialect , so the Sword in the Stone is a delightful change of pace . And while the Old English sounds perfectly authentic , it is not overly used , and is never difficult to understand . My nine year old sister understood it perfectly , when I read it to her . All in all , this story is the best retelling of any Arthurian legend that I have ever read . I would encourage anyone who has an interest in King Arthur to read this book .
 The Once and Future King , which is built upon and uses text from the Sword in the Stone , is one of my favorite books . Much like the Hobbit is a sometimes silly preamble to the Lord of the Rings , The Sword in the Stone is the less serious story of King Arthur as a boy that sets the stage for the novel , The Once and Future King . And like the Hobbit , while it can be occassionally silly - a deadly serious and powerful story is just below the surface.White was clearly impacted by the struggle to hold views of evolution and a God-centered world view , and was also clearly impacted by the tensions of war torn Europe . He weaves some fun stories of Robin Hood , life in a hawk mew , and light-hearted jousting in with all his explaining and metaphorizing , though . I ca n't imagine not liking the vivid imagery and exotic story-telling , and if you are a fan of any of the other initialed British writers you 'll certainly feel at home with T.H. White . Read the Sword in the Stone - it wo n't take much time , but then by all means read The Once and Future King one day for the real masterpiece .
 This is the book I read as a child and loved , then read again as a man and loved more . It is part of how I see the King Arthur legend . I will never part with my copy , and I will read it to my son when I have one .
 A boy named the Arthur , called Wart , livng during the Middle Ages , is taught by a magician about the past , present , and future , and about all creatures living on the Earth . When the opportunity arises for the Wart to become King , he must recall everything he has learned to pull the magic sword from the stone and become the new leader of England . I enjoyed this book because it had so many exciting battles and page turning adventures . Even a small bit about Robin Hood ! The plot really does n't appear until the last few chapters , where you realized that every story within the book was connected all along . It is nice to know that there are fun and interesting books to read about the Medeival times . I think that if you are looking for a book with lots of adventure , this is truely one that you should read .
 `` The Once and Future King '' is a delightful series of stories , but this is by far the superior , and first off the rank . It is the story of Wart , a hapless orphan boy , and his adventures once his new tutor Merlin arrives on the scene -LRB- some of you may be aware of the Walt Disney animated movie of the same name -RRB- . This is real adventure stuff and is appealing to both young readers and grown ups alike . Wat and his friends have all manner of exciting escapades as birds , as fish , and as combatants with witches , and in the background there is all the fanciful goings on of a very disorganised medieval castle.There are many novels which deal with the Arthurian legend , some well , most tastefully , and some take themselves entirely too seriously . This is just plain good fun and well written too . Enjoy yourself !
 `` The sword in the stone `` I would definitely recommend T.H. White 's `` The Sword in the Stone '' to anyone faintly interested in The Dark Ages or The Arthurian legends , althought I think someone between the ages 12-25 would appreciate the book more . I say this because I do n't think a young child or an adult would enjoy reading , or care for T.H. White 's ideas on the simple subjects about some of the parts of everyday life that are n't usually thought about out loud . Some other people I know who are reading `` The Sword in the Stone '' think it is boring , but I think you just need to be in a reading mood to comprehend what you 've read so you may enjoy this exquisite book.This is the first time I have absorbed any of the Arthurian legends . In my history classes studying The Dark Ages we never really spent any time on the legends or similiar thoughts about that time , because we were pressed for time . So , now , since I liked T.H. White 's `` The Sword in the Stone '' very much , I have a good impression on all the legends about this mysterious era.Don ' t be fooled if you have seen the Disney movie `` The Sword in the Stone . '' It has the same general plot , but the book is mucher better -LRB- like most movies that come from a novel -RRB- . The book is not just directed toawrds the taste of children , and there is much more of the story that the movie did n't present to it 's audience . `` The Sword in the Stone '' is a particular tale about King Arthur of England as a young boy . He is not the king in this story , though . Young Arthur has the nickname Wart -LRB- not as a mean gesture , but because it rhymes with Art , which is short for Arthur -RRB- . This legend tells about the Wart , with his wizard tutor , Merlyn , who turns the Wart into animals to teach him about life lessons . He learns a lot from the animals he converses with . He learns things about the history of the world , the theory of life and education , courage , and respect for all types of living creatures . I think that it is quite interesting what these animals tell him . The Wart also teams up with Robin Wood -LRB- probably kwown to you as Robin Hood -RRB- and his clan and has an adventure that helped make him valiant . This lessons will help him become a magnificent king.I have always enojoyed historical fiction by authors like John Steinbeck and James Mitchner . I consider this book more of a historical fiction than a legend . I say this because during the story , it tells many historical facts about The Dark Ages , an era that I am not too familiar with . What I mean by historical facts , are not dates or names of battles and wars , or anything along those lines , but of such things that were part of the everyday life back in those days . Such things like castle structures and purposes , archery and jousting techniques , and all sorts of similar parts of their life . Mr White 's reseach about this time has paid off greatly . His novel seems very complete because of the wonderful correct details about all aspects involved in the Wart 's life.I love how T.H. White tries to explain the simple things that just happen without any thought involved . He explains things like how a human would fly like a bird , swim like a fish , or slither like a snake . The Wart does n't have the instinct to do any of these tasks , so Merlyn teaches him . Someone would think it would be easy to fly , because the birds make it look easy , but I bet it would be very hard and weird . To the animals the skill comes naturally , and without thought , but it would n't come easily at all to a human being.Mr . White also tells the reader his theories on how some things came to be . For example he tells why all embryos look alike with their feeble hands and heavy , large heads . It does n't matter if they are going to become a tadpole , an elephant , a peacock , or a human ; they all are identical . He says that God told the embryos -LRB- in the 5-6 day of creation -RRB- to choose their specialties , and when alive they all would transform into that thing . I enjoy seeing these types of theories , true or not , about all sorts of the little and big things in life.If any of the ideas I have put across seems of interest of you , I recommend `` The Sword in the Stone '' very much . I hope you enjoy it as much as I did !
 In The Sword in the Stone by Terence Hanbury White , fantasy and adventure are woven together to create a picturesque and suspenseful story set in Medieval England . The Sword in the Stone recreates the life of young King Arthur as he is taught how to be a gentleman by Merlyn , the powerful but absent-minded magician who lives life backwards . Young Arthur , who is commonly know as the `` Wart , '' finds himself entwined in many adventures , such as being magically transformed into a fish , a hawk , and a badger . He also meets the likes of Robin Wood , Maid Marian , and Little John on a dangerous adventure he goes on with Kay , his brother . All of the adventures he experiences in the book are part of his training . Merlyn wants him to view life from all different perspectives so that he will be prepared to become the king of England.While Arthur 's older brother Kay is preparing for knighthood , it is discovered that King Uther Pendragon , the ruler of England , has died . There is word that there is a sword stuck in a stone which bears an inscription saying that whoever pulls out the sword is the `` rightwise king born of all England . '' Arthur stumbles upon this , not knowing it is the sword , and manages to pull it out , using everything Merlyn taught him.Merlyn is the key to The Sword in the Stone . If you removed his character from the book , you would n't have a story anymore ; just a vague picture of a boy named Arthur . Merlyn personifies both humor and wisdom . The fact that he lives life backwards instead of forwards - knowing what will happen next as opposed to knowing about the past - makes him all the more important in this novel . He already knows in advance what the future holds for Arthur , and his training of the boy is really to prepare him for ruling England.Although The Sword in the Stone centers around a young boy 's coming-of-age and story elements normally considered juvenile , this novel would be more appreciated by a mature audience , due to the wordiness . Those interested in Arthurian legend will love this book 's twists on tradition . The novel starts at a crawl and then suddenly picks up pace , hurling one adventure after another at the reader . This sudden change is difficult to adjust to at first , but slowly you see that it is all part of T.H. White 's genius . Arthur 's life progressed in this same way , beginning slowly and then picking up speed , as he became tangled in Merlyn 's world of magic and whimsy.I found The Sword in the Stone to be quite an engaging book once I got past all the fancy vocabulary and focused on the story . I admire how T.H. White took a historical legend and incorporated so many humorous fables . He was obviously a well-educated man who had a deep passion for Arthurian legend . The novel held some personal meaning for me , since I can relate to Arthur 's never-ending need for knowledge , intellect and maturity.Give T.H. White 's The Sword in the Stone a try . If you can not swallow a mixture of imagination , satire and realism all in once shot , you might not want to attempt it . If you do happen to enjoy it , though , I promise you will want to read it repeatedly over time .
 The book `` The Sword in the Stone '' is about a young boy who 's friend 's father owns his own manor and is a knight . this young boy , Arthur , was nicknamed the Wart by his friend Kay . Kay and the wart are somewhat good friends and live sometime during the 1300-1500 's . One day the wart ventures into the woods nearby looking for his friends lost hawk and finds a friendly wizard named Merlyn . Meryln comes back to the manor and teaches the wart about magic and turns him into many different animals to talk to ohters . However , Kay is n't being taught with the wart and becomes jelous . The wart asks Merlyn to change both of them for at least one time , but he ca n't . So they go on their own adventure with Robin Wood rescuing several lost members of the group of forest bandits . in a castle the two boys find that the queen owning the castle is evil and captured their friends . They get caught in the castle by a giant but get saved by Merlyn . When the boys got to the manor Sir Ector , Kays father tells them that the King has died and the person to pull the sword excalibur from its anvil will be king . They journy to Central England and the two boys try to pull out the sword alone . The wart pulls out the sword when Kay is n't looking and Kay takes the credit . Sir Ector is n't convinced and has both boys try again , and the Wart pulls it out and becomes king.My opinionon on this book is that this a good book overall , I especially like the twists it made to the more commonly known legend and the characters in the book . However , the people repeat words or speak in wierd sentences and sometimes does n't make sense , but it is still a good book . - Carlo Gangan
 The Swrod in the Stone is the first in a mini-series , and by far the best . The others are really flat in comparison.I just love this book , it describes all the magic of being young and exploring the fields and rivers around your home , and talks of fights between rather nasty witches and pleasant wizards . The writing is so good I felt like I was actually lying in the grass on a summery day watching people joust ! Young Wart gets up to some crazy adventures , and the book has a nice happy ending . The author certainly introduces some interesting characters , and overall , I found it a joy to read , and one of the few books I reread regularly .
 T.H.White must have published at least three slightly different versions of this story.When I read the full Once And Future King book a few years ago , there was no Madame Mim episode , there was a buttery version of the fairy castle -LRB- Robin Hood -RRB- episode , there was an Archimedes/Wild Geese episode , and some other minor changes/additions . When I read a paperback Sword In The Stone twenty years ago , there was a much nicer non-buttery version of the FairyCastle/RobinHood episode , and I do n't think the Giant Galapas episode was there , etc.Now I 've just read the illustrated hardcover Sword In The Stone edition , and the FairyCastle/RobinHood episode is replaced by an Anthropophagi/RobinHood episode , Giant Galapas is there , and the Archimedes/WildGeese is n't -LRB- its been replaced by an Archimedes/Athena episode -RRB- . Anyone else notice these differences and have an explanation for them ?
 So much fun . I love the Disney movie and there is a lot of the book that has been put in the movie . Merlin is a hoot and the Wart is a sensitive boy who likes learning . Most of the chapters are able to stand on their own , and it 's like reading a collection of very short stories involving the same cast of characters . Merlin turns the Wart into a seriers of different animals as part of his education . Very inventive and fun to read .
 This is the first part of the Once and Future King series of novels.Wart , a young boy , initially has no idea who he really is . This is thestory of this young lad , and the events and lessons and trials thatlead to him becoming a leader . Of course , it details the bumbling andaccidents that lead him to drawing The Sword in the Stone .
 This is an interesting little book . I read it as part of my children 's literature course back in 1999 . The book is partially Arthurian Legend , part social commentary and part farce.I did not like the inappropriate references for the time of the story , trains , buses ... As well I did n't appreciate the mixing of Robin Hood -LRB- Wood -RRB- in the 12th Century with Arthur of the 6th Century.Yet all in all it was a fun book - easy to read .
 I enjoyed this book very much as a child but `` get '' much more of it now . -- Funny , funny , funny , and not the least realistic or representative of the Dark Ages in which Arthur must have -LRB- may have -RRB- lived . -- White 's jokes at the expense of the British upper class of the thirties is first-rate ; and there are a few hints of the European conflict building at the time of publication . It is a little silly to try to find anything very profound in this one ; for a wonderful and more serious treatment of the Arthurian legend , start with The Crystal Cave by Mary Stewart .
 This book is truly a rare jewel , a delight to read . Not a scholarly text , but a revelation of the most subtle concepts underlying traditional Japanese landscape design . Definetely a collector 's item , but most of all , a unique source of inspiration for landscape designers .
 I absolutely love this book . It 's one of the best of Catherine Arnold series . She has a real grasp and drama and suspense . I highly recommend this book .
 Just discovered Arnold . She has a very easy style , fast read , very suspenseful and full of action , twists , and turns .
 My version of Hereward dates back to 1909 . It is faded now and time tinged round the edges . The English too bears marks of time , structures that hearken back to Walter Scott , and early translations of Balzac and Dumas.Even so , Kingsley 's style is clear and easy enough to read , and if it seems quaint , then it is a quaintness that helps move you back to this time of heroes . For Hereward is a worthy son of Arthur and Beowulf . And saga-like , Kingsley traces his life from rabble rouser , viking , warrior , to dead hero in true Victorian style . Hereward , although killed , was never tamed and romantically represents the indomitableness of the human spirit.In the BBC dramatization of Hereward with Colin Blakeny in the lead role , Hereward vanishes into the mists of Ely , pledging to return if needed , which adds a nice touch of mystery in Malory-like fashion . Kingsley however sees him off into his grave as though commissioning Burne-Jones to do a painting - one can almost hear the Victorian old dears weeping as they get to Hereward 's epitath `` Here lies the last of the English . '' They must of loved it . I certainly did.If you like historical fiction by Tim Severn , George MacDonald Fraser , Bernard Cornwall , or Julian Rathbone , you wo n't be disappointed . It is a worthy tale and faster paced than Tolkien . Would that Peter Jackson gave it sympathetic treatment on the screen .
 I deeply enjoyed the other Hoover novels available for Kindle , &#34; The Moghul &#34; and &#34; Carribee &#34; . This offering , &#34; The Samurai Strategy &#34; , suffers a little in comparison . Unlike other Hoover works , this effort was written and set in the late 80s-early 90s . The dated setting slightly detracts from the book in today 's world . The subject matter still holds up very well in the aftermath of Wall St 's latest shennagans , but some readers might get lost in the thick financial terminology . Well written and edited , this is a good book to spark thought on America 's current financial and industrial situation .
 Interesting theme well thought out . The author demonstrates in depth understanding of international financial inter-relationships and dependencies , as well as Japanese historical linkages between government and industries to insure the growth of prioritized key industries , which relationships have been responsible for the amazing and successful recovery from the devastation of WWII bombing . The characters are well written and for the most part believable .
 I have read a number of books including `` Project Daedalus '' and `` Life Blood '' by Thomas Hoover and found this one very different but still enjoyable . It seemed a very long book it was difficult to tell how long as it is not page enabled but runs to 10383 locations on the Kindle . I found it was a slow read as I know little or nothing about share dealing and found that I was re-reading sections to make sure I understood it . Again I have no idea about the Japanese culture it describes but it does read very realistically . Towards the very end it changes into an action thriller much in keeping with some of his other books.Not one of my favourite books by this author but well written and at the moment still free so well worth a read .
 This is one of the best thrillers I have ever read . It is beautifully written and researched . I could not put it down , and look forward to reading his other thrillers . His two historical fiction books -LRB- Moghul and Caribbee -RRB- are fantastic .
 Interesting story about how Japanese business and government could take over American business and technologyRealistic people portrayed from both sides of the Pacific .
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this well written , absorbing , researched story of international financial espionage and the potential opportunities that a base-less currency and the global financial world offered by the internet .
 Hard to put down , even for a little while . Would be interesting to see what the results would be with the worker owners running things !!!
 A superb story of market tomfoolery intermixed with Japanese history . Could this story have come to be and is now playing out for real ?
 I have to admit , the high finance world described in this book left me in the dust several times . I would think there were ways to describe what was happening that would be easier to understand - the way some can ` translate ' technical medical information into words people understand.Other than the too-in-depth forays into the financial world , this is a good read . Not the most realistic , but then neither are most of Grisham 's , and they 're still good!It actually feels a bit like Grisham . Not that there 's much to do with law ; however , the underdog taking on the wealthy , arrogant , sneaky bastard and winning is a very familiar and satisfying theme !
 I have to confess that in the beginning it took me a while getting committed to the flow and reading of the book . The first few pages were n't what I had actually expected , but after having passed the initial barrier , it just caught me and I could n't stop reading . Nicely researched , catchy writing and with every page passed you just get more and more curious about what could happen next.A good one to read ...
 The Samurai Strategy is a fast paced adventure that also provides insights into international business practices and the cultural differences that shape them .
 Having already read Throw Darts at a Cheesecake , I was eager to read another mystery mixing dieters and death - an an intriquing combination , to say the least . And ... okay , I admit it , I 'm a Weight Watchers member and , to put it bluntly , I was also looking for something to keep my mind off food . And guess what ? This book worked - I lost 5 pounds in the time it took to finish the book , less than a week . Every time I wanted a doughnut or a chocolate eclair , I read another chapter . Having said that , I should add that you 'll love this book even if you have n't counted a single calorie in your life . It is fun trying to find out who is killing the Great Dieters of America - and why . Now I just have to get my hands on Denise Dietz 's other mysteries , so I can keep my eyes on the page - and my hands out of the cookie jar !
 Product was as described and shipping was speedy . I would buy from this seller again .
 This book is special to me as it opened my eyes to the reality that anyone with a true desire to see the world can make it a reality . It sparked in me a desire to ` go cruising ' which I will be doing this summer when I leave on a trip to circumnavigate the world by sailboat . I was inspired by Harry Pigeons ' account of his voyage aboard the ` Islander ' , and I think you will be too .
 A very admirable fete ! A vessel built with his own hands . I would recommend this to anyone who loves sailing .
 Harry Pidgeon , a farm boy from Iowa did not even see the sea until he was eighteen but by then he had `` mucked about '' a bit in boats as do most lads and after a spell in Alaska , he decided to build one of the famous Rudder Magazines ` Islander ' sloops . Having completed his thirty four foot wooden sailing boat , single-handed , without `` too much trouble '' he said , he launched and sailed it - single-handed - to Hawaii.He accepted a crew for the return , who joined with a brand new guitar . He was , he said , going to learn how to play it , during his `` spare time '' on the voyage . Harry concluded that this crew-hand somewhat lacked experience of sailing a sloop across an ocean . `` However , we got on well enough '' . Reading this book it is difficult to imagine anyone not being able to ` get along ; with the calm , competent harry Pigeon.Joshua Slocomb had only completed the first single-handed some thirty years before in his famous sloop ` Spray ` who was just three feet longer that the `` Islander '' , but Slocomb had more thirty years sea-going experience behind him . With boundless confidence and , perhaps wisely , single-handed again , harry decided to sail across the Pacific -LRB- and never was an Ocean more misnamed -RRB- to see ` the islands ' and , like Slocomb , `` kinda , sorta '' forgot to stop.Written in a rather dry , straightforward and chronological manner Pidgeon 's tale lacks that marvelous prose that the relatively unlettered Slocomb astoundingly produced in his account . But arm-chair sailors and old reminiscers like me will still enjoy reading these travels and the marvelous islands , peoples , trails and the ultimate success of Harry Pidgeon 's circumnavigation around the world . And , unlike Josh Slocomb he did not get corrected by President Kruger who had insisted that Slocomb had misspoke - he meant , Kruger insisted , across the world - it was , after all , said the President of the South African Boer Nation , flat.Harry would have agreed with Slocomb .
 Harry Pidgeon is one the men , like Joshua Slocum , who carried on as men , but with dignity and good character . And , skills and confidence to build their own boats and trust their lives to it -LRB- and in Captain Slocum 's case , family -RRB- . It would be good if more would request the hard-bound versions to promote the book in that traditional form . To be read as it was written , with deliberateness and respect .
 No fantastic adventure , no , no fight with aggressive natives
 Historical nautical read . In very good condition for an old book . Good read if you are interested in the sea . Arrived fast and well packaged .
 Call me an escapist , but I love this book . To accompany Mr. Pidgeon as he builds the Islander and sails her around the world , from one adventure to another , is a wonderful way to spend a snowy evening by the fire . He gives us a great glimpse into the flavors of the various south sea island groups in the early 20th century , where most cultures were dilluted already , but a few were intact . This book lets us see the world with wide eyed wonder through the eyes of a man with a thirst for knowledge and experience , and from the deck of a small boat .
 Voltaire Genius of Mockery book is about the life of Voltaire , French philosopher , poet and novelist . It covers his entire life from birth to death . Each page comes alive and one can picture his joys and his frustrations as he battles the repressive Catholic Church and the French monarchy over the publication of his books , his plays and his personal philosophy . Also , his fight for the rights of the persecuted is eloquently portrayed in the period just before the French Revolution . One also gets a glimpse of the life in the 18th century through his relationships with Fredrick the Great , King of Prussia , Madame du Chatelet his lover , and Louis XV , King of France . One will understand his stories , such as Candid when one knows the man and his smile .
 Schelling was perhaps the most singular brilliant creative genius in metaphysics in his time . Precursor to the hegelian system -LRB- hegel merely adapted schellings work to create his own system , -RRB- no philosopher is more original than schelling.It is not so much the concretely factual in schelling that is important , but rather the abstract method and philosophical originality in schelling that makes him so important . For this he should be read more like nietzsche than , say , aristotle.A must - read for anyone worth his beans in philosophy and metaphysics . -LRB- Though I 'd start with his ` system of transcendental philosophy ' , which was written before this title , and , in my opinion , is better . -RRB-
 Doyle Young and Gerald Pieters have just written a book about change in the organization in plain English . Reading another book from cover to cover about change can become an exercise in boredom but the authors keep the subject matter focused with clear and concise language . The topic applies not only to change in the organization but to the individual as well . The Ever Changing Organization -LRB- ECO -RRB- model utilizes a system with an external environment being supported by a stabilizing base . Other components include continuous improvement , the organization 's managing for change and the continuous learning process . There is so much happening in the business world today with the advent of the internet that an executive needs all the tools available to cope with this constantly changing environment . This book delivers the methods of keeping abreast with comments from CEO 's on their ECO and how these leaders deal with the changes in their organizations . The chapters flow from discussing the environment , managing for change , continuous learning and concluding with implementation . That last chapter contains the most relevant , practical information to consider in becoming an ECO . Details on implementation are set forth in a step-by-step approach from the commitment of the leader to the creation of a team to carry out the strategy . Change will develop not only for the organization but to the individual as well.In the competitive environment of keeping current with the latest solutions for the ever changing problems faced in today 's organizations , Young and Pieters have hit a `` home run '' with their book , `` The Ever-Changing Organization
 This is one of the best change management books I have ever read . There are tons of books out there dealing with organizational change , but this book is different . The main topic of this book is how an organization can build the capacity to deal with change . So many change efforts fail because of lack of preparation , planning , and/or follow through , creating a resistance -LRB- or ambivalence -RRB- to change that organizations have a hard time overcoming . Too many organizations just try to introduce change efforts without ever doing anything to prepare the organization for change -- change after change after change -LRB- whether done for the purposes of innovation , problem-solving , or process/continuous improvement -RRB- can lead to a dysfunctional workplace if leadership never does anything to help the organization develop the capacity to deal with change . Getting employees involved with change and giving them a sense of ownership in the change process is a much more effective way of introducing and dealing with change than simply talking about it and thrusting it upon employees.In fact , I was so intrigued by this book that I even used it as a staple in my literature review and in the design of my doctoral dissertation completed in 2007 . Although this book was written more than a decade ago now , the material in the book is still relevant in today 's business world -LRB- perhaps even more so now than when it was initially written -RRB- . This book explores 5 main areas
 This book provides an excellent introduction to and a consequent overview of Chinese culture and history . In a compact volume , the authors manage to encompass the founding of the Chinese state , the evolution of the dynastic period , the resulting emergence of the Chinense Communist Party in the 1920s and information concerning many of China 's modern problems . It is by no means the end-all authoritative reference on the subject , but it does provide a solid introduction to the wonder that is China .
 The New Age Reader is a big book . It is 8x11 and has some heavy weights to match its ambition : Norman Lear , Depak Chopra , Issac Asimov , Martin Luther King , Jr. . Maya Angelou , and of the course , the author 's own work on education . `` Buddhism in the Classroom '' `` Notes on Studenthood , '' `` Speaking Myself , Writing Myself '' , among six others.A brisk and energetic anthology , The New Age Reader , published by Simon and Schuster , argues for education in the new age . It proposes to connect church and state , and invites the postmodern , galactic educator to teach newmetaphysical modalities to energize the class room of the new millennium . It makes clear uses of common yet arresting metaphors to get over many points.I especially enjoyed the introductory opus , Education by Metaphor . The author traces Christian foundations of American education and makes a good case for change . The book includes a deft timeline of educational events andprovides essays on her Studenthood Training , a motivational model for education using aura visualization , meditation and call/response . Very unique . Well-kept secret .
 The peregrine falcon soars over Manhattan when a falconer signals the bird of prey , which instantly zooms down at incredible speed attacking a female skater in Rockefeller Center while a Japanese tourist films the deadly assault . Her throat is ripped open in a nanosecond . `` Lucky '' by being at the right place at the right time with evidence to show her viewers the brutal killing , Newscaster Pamela Barrett obtains the film and gives a first hand account on TV.The falconer enjoys Pam 's broadcast and contacts her by mail . Others die as violently as the skater while the psychopath continues to fascinate in a macabre way Pam , who the Falconer is obsessed with owning . However , she sees a pattern to the victims as each is young and looks eerily similar to her . NYPD Detective Frank Janek struggles with stopping this maniac , but Pam believes she is the key as bait to stop an assailant whose weapon is a bird trained to kill upon command.Otto Penzler brings back one of the most exciting thrillers from 1981 , Peregrine . The story line grips the audience from the start as the bird of prey soars at an incredible speed tearing the young woman 's throat in a blink and keeps the pace of the falcon throughout the tale . Underlying the chills is the obsession of the three key human players . Pam though appalled also `` welcomes '' the killings as a chance to make it big as a media star ; Janek `` appreciates '' the case as his opportunity for salvation -LRB- and the springboard for his own series -RRB- ; while the falconer keeps bloody score as the sport 's champion whose exploits Pam and other broadcast.Harriet Klausner
 Not really fresh as this book has been ` out ' for some time but excellent tips , pics and explanations and a ` must have ' for any new turner keen to absorb ideas and methods .
 I am a sometime amateur turner , but due to my work situation , unfortunately I spend much more time reading about turning than turning . Not good . Got ta get that fixed.So , I 've read some of the best -LRB- Raffan , Darlow , etc. -RRB- , but I fould Chapman 's book truly inspirational . It includes information on techniques , of course , but in doing so , seemingy inadvertently showcases a wide variety of very , very good design executed very , wery well . More importantly , from my viewpoint , almost all appears to be well within the range of an intermediate turner . Recommended !
 This book has something for all levels of woodturner from beginner to expert . Robert has used a large number of very good photographs to illustrate his approach to woodturning and together with some thought provoking text he will inspire most hobby turners to try new projects or alternative ways of doing the job . The illustrations are so good that for those turners too busy to settle down and read all the text most of the messages will come over load and clear.Roberts technique for hollow forms is refreshingly simple . He achieves very effective results without resorting to expensive tools and his way of supporting the hollowing tool is simple and cheap to implement.The Illustrations of his finished items are stunning and should give inspiration to all but the most expert gallery turners.I do not buy many woodturning books these days but this one I already prize.Brian Partridge -LRB- woodturner and Demonstrator -RRB-
 Many Latin teachers are recognizing the benefits of approaching Latin as a means of communication in the classroom , thus tapping into students ' natural language learning faculties , making the learning process more enjoyable and productive . Many Latin teachers are also frustrated with the lack of resources by means of which they could provide their students with vocabulary for expressing themselves.I and other teachers have spent much time compiling such vocabularies from diverse and/or obscure sources . This text , however , provides most of that informaiton in a fun , accessible , and affordable text . The book is organized into 25 short chapters , each addressing . everyday situations , from meals , to the home , to telling time . Also , the latin is decent . Any teacher who already uses latin communicatively will inevitably want to make a few changes , but this is more a matter of preference than accuracy.This is not a substitute for a high-school or college Latin textbook . It should be used as a companion or supplement . Whether one 's goal is teaching Latin for communication or for reading -LRB- or some combination of the two -RRB- , there is no doubt that students will `` buy in '' more if they possess the tools to express themselves and their world in the language . This book will help.www.johnpiazza.net
 Of Burroughs ' later work , this is possibly the most readable in conventional terms . Originally sub-titled `` A Boy 's Book '' , it was molded by the adventure stories he read as a boy in the 1920 's and 30 's , and uses the genres of the detective story and the pirate yarn to give its shape.Typically for Burroughs , the novel begins with several false starts before a narrative begins to emerge - two stories , two centuries apart , being told simultaneously . Magic plays a key part in the plot , making some events and actions mysterious , not to say incomprehensible , but helping to unite the two tales.Eventually the two stories meet in the mythical Cities of the Red Night , where the theme of rebellion against total oppression is enacted in a series of vivid , dream-like episodes . His idealized youths fight the good fight against mutants and matriarchs , until victory seems within their grasp ... This book is part of Burroughs ' so-called Late Trilogy -LRB- being followed by The Place Of Dead Roads and The Western Lands -RRB- and includes characters and events from these later books and from previous works , but this novel can certainly stand alone as well . A rich and disorienting experience .
 At one time I thought Burroughs was a total fraud . It was my opinion that he was laughing all the way to the bank at the dupes who bought his books - and paid for his habit . Then I sat down and read this book , and _ The Place of Dead Roads _ , and The Western Lands . I was dead wrong . This is an unique and valid vision . This is modern art in print , designed to rip the mind free from its habitual sleep walking . And that is strange , for this is one prolonged nightmare , or bad trip ... . yet , while I was reading this I got this sense of deja vu , like the Cities of the Red Night and a Place of Dead Roads actually exist-somewhere - perhaps on the threshholds of hell , or limbo , or ... . even `` heaven . '' Where ever it is , it is a place on the border where only dreams , drugs , or black magic can take you.Moreover , I think I understand Burroughs place in the beat trilogy . Kerouac was the holy fool who had the capacity to touch on direct union with the Divine . Ginsberg , was the secular humanist , a good man well grounded in the world . Burroughs , however , walked the left hand path , the shadow . Taken together , all three , the holy trinity , were the composite soul of an age .
 I first read this ten years ago , as my first introduction to Burroughs . I have always recommended it to folks who have never read Burroughs before , remembering it to be accessible and devoid of most of Burroughs more off-putting stylistic experiments -LRB- the cut-ups in Nova Express , the weird place/time shifts and unconnected narrative stream of Naked Lunch , etc -RRB- while still containing all that is great about his work
 Burroughs knew what he was talking about . This book along with the Place of Dead Roads was the final , most complete and coherant summation of the Burroughs vision/nightmare . Just by virtue of his personal style these books mix utopian essay , apocalyptic nightmare , gut wrenching horror , and valid cultural criticism . As far as experimental fiction goes , you wo n't find any more readable , in the Burroughs canon or anywhere else . A word of caution
 Cities of the Red Night has been hailed as the consummate sequel to Naked Lunch ; at first glance the style , tone , and typically hideous imagery would seem to support this . However , there the similarities end . What motives may have gripped the author are unclear , but the general smoothness of the script and kinder degree of readability seem to suggest that he was at his more lucid state of mind when writing this . This is not to say that Red Night is necessarily any better or worse than its precursor - it is coherent , concise , and in places very compelling - but the very fact that there is a traceable plot and storyline will probably surprise those who accustomed to Naked Lunch . Conversely , anyone who picks up this novel in the expectation of an easily understandable yarn is likely to meet an unexpected shock
 Cities of the Red Night is William Burrough 's magnum opus , the most sublime manefestation of his genius . From the opening chapter titles and hallucinatory invocation to the exquisitely fashioned closing dream sequence , each word bears the stamp of the studiously enigmatic visionary stylist . This novel impressed itself to the point that I met one of the characters in a dream , a truly disorienting experience . Sure , it 's disjointed . Innoculation to the parasitic authority of the word virus , to see and feel in another medium , whaddaya think the poor guy 's tryna say here , anyways ?
 Burroughs ' `` Cities of the Red Night '' is a feverish glimpse into alternate histories , the end of the world , new forms of government , viral mutations , bizarre slants on ethnicity and the to-be-expected preoccupation with hard drugs and wild sex . Prose style gyrates from first-person hard-boiled sleuth to all-too-believable boardroom monotone . `` Cities of the Red Night '' is a long and involving opus that squirms its way through myriad plot-lines without collapsing into complete incomprehensibility -LRB- although at times it trods perilously close -RRB- .
 open the door on cities of red night and you are confronted with a bosch like vista of inverted reality . unlike the 60s cut-ups this is more accessible although do n't open it expecting anything approaching a lineal narrative because burroughs doesnt do anything the straight way . if you are amused by the image of a six foot centipede with a translucent humanhead then this is the book for you . burroughs rewires time , dismantles perspectives and generally dislocates your expectations . cities of the red night is a strange but exhilarating trip which will leave the reader wrong footed and breathlessly disorientated . try it out .
 This book is unlike many of Burroughs 's prior works in that there is an actual plot . The story itself centers on a cult of control freaks who are trying to destroy the world through the release of a Virus . A private detective hired onto the case does some digging -- with some paranormal help -- and traces the cult back to the Cities Of The Red Night , which existed before recorded history . Burroughs crafts this story as only a true master could , at first enchanting you , then throwing you through fear , horror , nausea , awe and irony , and finally leaving you feeling as if you 've been in a car crash -LRB- without all the nasty bills to pay -RRB- . All at once , you get a sense of just how overwhelming this world is that he has created , and you wonder if maybe , given more time , and the will to do so , he might have created an anti-Narnia . As it turns out , he did . Cities of the Red Night is just one part of what turns out to be a trilogy of Burroughs 's views on religion and metaphysics.The other two books , Place of Dead Roads and The Western Lands , take the world and worldview in Cities of the Red Night and expands them to cover his metaphysics and his views of the afterlife . Burroughs is n't looking to make friends with these works ; in fact many people will be downright offended by what is contained in these books , especially his anti-Christian sentiments . In the end , though , the reader -LRB- well , * this * reader anyway -RRB- is left with a sense that Burroughs was trying to be more than a writer with these books . Perhaps , he was trying to be a prophet .
 I 'm not sure why but this was a really enjoyable book to read over the summer.Many criticisms have been levelled at this book . However , I feel the reviewer of December 2 , 2005 in particular has hit the nail on the head . It is not easy reading and is definitely not for the faint-hearted and prudish . As the above reviewer points out , this trilogy is for thinking people and while Burroughs ' devastating exposure of human lust and depravity may turn some people off his work , to my mind he is much more open and honest in his assessments of ` the human condition ' . So if people are turned off by its homoerotic lewdness or find other aspects of the narrative repulsive -LRB- such as all the hanging scenes which are in fact an exaggerated indictment of capital punishment which he was avidly against -RRB- , that 's fine , but to my mind they are missing out on seeing the bigger picture - the real messages and themes underlying Burroughs ' work . First , know what an artist is trying to do . Some artists like to shock because that is the only way they will get their points across to the lay audience . This might be a really inappropriate example but remember the killer from Seven -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- - he said , `` sometimes you have to hit people over the head with a sledgehammer for them to notice '' - well Burroughs was all about doing this metaphorically.At times it reads like a post-holocaust -LRB- divine ? -RRB- comedy , at other times like a jump-through-time pulp novel and at other times like a moralistic diatribe . Each of the cities corresponds to one in which Burroughs was firmly ensconced for some considerable length of time . I 'm pretty sure that at least two of the real cities referred to obliquely in the text are Mexico City -LRB- remember the William Tell incident ? -RRB- and Tangiers -LRB- where Kerouac typed up his Naked Lunch novel -RRB- . The third city could either be Paris -LRB- where he lived for a while with other beat writers like Gregory Corso -RRB- or more likely New York City.All in all though , this book , in my opinion , is pure art at its best - challenging , confrontational , notorious even ! and above-all , absolutely visceral and riveting reading .
 A novel that reads like a dream , there are half a dozen story lines woven into a virus pattern with occasional poetic cut ups . It takes awhile to work your way into understanding the world of Burroughs , and even longer to get over it . Before your know it , you 're hooked . This book is no exception . Top notch junk .
 This was one of the strangest novels I 've ever had the pleasure of reading . Burroughs seemed to rip every cultural taboo into pieces -- he certainly does n't shy away from detailed descriptions , and his clandistine homoerotic liasons are refreshing in a culture where most people wo n't touch the subject mattter . The only thing that bothered me was his rather two-dimensional females -LRB- what do you expect , i guess -RRB- and his overly sentimental treatment of youth/boyhood . - notes from an abysmal speller
 I prefer this book to Naked Lunch , simply because it is more readable . I do enjoy the imagrey found in NL , but I would rather read a linear story than a cut up of word-virus and junk-image . This book impresses me , though , because of the way two stories run at once and then intertwine . It 's a wonderful little cliche that I enjoy , especially when employed by Inspector Lee .
 I ca n't say that I want to `` Be Like Burroughs '' because there were some instances in this novel Cities of the Red Night -LRB- and others -RRB- where I thought he was on the verge of losing his mind . The stories span from homo-erotic pornography to violent surrealism but his talent was obvious . There are political messages on the nature of freedom and individualism , however an average reader could easily be distracted by but all of the surreal imagery and sexual situations . Yet I recommend that you read Naked Lunch first before reading this book .
 Burroughs searches in his writing for the same thing he searched for in drug use , sex and the russian roulette games he played with his guns
 Fierce symbolisms that rips out the guts of whitebread America . The most profound gem is Burrough 's prediction of the AIDS crisis . He was able to capture in this book the symptoms he saw develop in the homosexual underground years before it was announced to the world at large .
 While not nearly as engaging as Exterminator ! or Naked Lunch , this shows an epic quality to his style and a tie-in centered around some ancient myth of the time before time , -LRB- when the world was advanced enough to cause its own demise -RRB- and using it as plot points for the strange tales evoked ; from guerilla uprisings to life as it once was , to the pandemonium of the future . Fantastic introduction , calling on mythical demons and whatnot . Recollecting the events is , of course , foggy and chopped into so many fragments of absolute brilliance in hindsight ; however not quite on top of his game .
 This is the most accessible William Burroughs novel ever written . It has more structure , cohesion and plot than most of his other works , so if you are a first time Burroughs reader this is the one to go for ... Burroughs is a genius and a prophet of 20th Century literature . His writing pushes the boundaries of imagination , sexuality , social interaction and time . He is an alien soul injected into the dead body of a homosexual junkie . He started shooting up as a 1 yr old baby and by the age of 2 he was having anal sex with other babies in nightclub toilets . His stream of consciousness will transport you to planets and worlds that transcend human experience but also unveil the instincts that drive us to the edge of depravity and extinction . William Burroughs is in love with humanity and he knows how to show it . After all he did shoot his wife in the head xxx
 A fascinating story that will stretch your mind . Burroughs is funny , to-the-point , and he has an outstanding sensitivity to smells . Will change you forever .
 Cities Of The Red Night is one of the most enjoyable books I have read . The novel has different storys that as the novel progresses intertwine . The books presents situations that are unbelievable but because of Burroughs genius you are convinced of that they are happening in a world not too far from are own . I think he was trying to show the questionableness of what is presented to us as reality . This book also has some of the most vivid pictures and unforgetable lines that I have read . It is Burroughs masterpiece .
 Here goes ... Cities of The Red Night is a brilliant and often unsung apocalyptic masterpiece ... be you a fanatic of ` Ole Billy Boy , this novel will come as sweet surprise ... the prose is gut-wrenchingly fierce , the hop-skip-and-jump of the intertwined dimensional constructs will make your mind swim ... It is revealing in every sense of the word of who Burroughs really was ... With vehement subtlety he manages to break down all religious and social constructs to their basic forms of hate , fear and death , and reinvents himself in the process ... Sure it 's disgusting and vile at times , but this has always been a part of his incurring charm ... Buy the book ... sell your soul if you have to ... -LRB- You have plenty more where it came from -RRB- ... Cities of The Red Night is probably the most fantastic novel William S. Burroughs has fasioned ... buy it ... see for yourself ... you could disagree with me , but you would be wrong , of course ...
 Burroughs is a master of allegory . His rich imagery and mysticism are unequaled . Be prepared to let your mind wander and be open to new ways to tell stories basic to who we are .
 Misanthropic and challengingin this work Bourroughs sees mankind as sociopathic an mindlessly devising methofs of self-exterminationdifficul and difficult to put downyoull find that possible only to answer bodily demands for sustenance or eliminationENJOY
 Not the most gripping novel of Burroughs it serves to introduce him very well . Here the most daring explorer of words of the twentieth century broke into the territory of the nineteenth century novel and its filosophical background without entirely playing by its rules of course . First reason to read this book is that it leads you to the far more challenging and swifter written second and third part of the trilogy to which it belongs . Although fragmented it is quite accessible in Burroughs terms , but therefore also a bit boring at times . The vastness of its scope , as if you are presented with a grand painting of Delacroix in which all that is of worth in this world is presented , is enticing enough . Central theme might be evolution taken to its extremes . And without much further ado it prophesies some diseases and other threats with which we fool ourselfs in becoming adjusted just now . Notice how accurate the descriptions of this writer can be , who has so many times been accused of drugblurred nonsense .
 To say that Burroughs ' novels tend to be repetitive is to be at once obvious and obscure . The cut-up method is used to great and sometimes subtle effect . A single `` character '' appears and dissapears , then reappears as someone else -LRB- in a different body , time , state , context -RRB- . If there are a limited number of myths and stories , they have all collapsed here in the sink of Burroughs ' storytelling . A single myth explodes and collapses in on itself , overlapping and smashing it 's own realities together . It is as if time stops expressing itself on a continuum , and tries to capture its entire span in a single moment . `` everything is permitted , everything is real . ''
 Burroughs drags in the nets he has held out for fifty years or so and sorts out the information he has gathered . In his most lucid , almost straight forward prose -LRB- inspired by Denton Welch -RRB- , Burroughs puts forward a trilogy - Cities of the Red Night , Place of Dead Roads , and The Western Lands - with all his loves and hates , and serves them in his most favourite genres from childhood up
 Fine work , Billy-Boy . You 've taken our fears and lusts andmade them indistinguishable once again . This book reads likean aging encyclopedia of obscure mythologies wedged into a cheap detective novel , a set of antique postcards , a fantasy of the apocalypse , andsome ancient volume of homosexual erotica . The sectionson a virulent disease , a group of jolly pirates , a bizarreoccult ritual and a heroin-powered nightmare funky-town inexplicablyall fit together with each other in a way they absolutely could nothad this book been written by anyone else . The writing was socompelling that I felt like violently retching at the descriptionof the metallic shxt smell that hung over the afflicted , and was `` affected '' by the entire antique-cum-post-apocalypse stylein a way I can not ever hope to describe -LRB- I gave up long ago trying to put my feelingsfor this book into understandable English words -RRB- . The whole book is a treasure chest waitin ' ta be split open an ` looted clean ! Arr matey !
 The back cover of this book made it seem like one of those trashy , tabloidesque true crime books I do n't care for , and I hesitated to read it . I 'm glad I did anyway , because Sole Survivor turned out to be much more serious and sober in tone than I expected . The author presents a series of case studies , mainly from the 1970s , of children who murdered their whole families -LRB- or almost their whole families ; sometimes there were survivors -RRB- . Besides covering the homicides themselves and their immediate aftermath , he delves into a social history of each family . His argument is that these familiacides -LRB- his term -RRB- occur because the family , often struggling to rise in socioeconomic status , puts unbearable pressure on the child until his/her entire identity is lost , and by killing the family the child is simply trying to assert themselves as an individual.I 'm still not sure what I think of Leyton 's theory , but I found this book to be quite interesting and thought-provoking . My copy is from 1992 ; I wonder if later editions include more recent examples . -LRB- Oh , I should note here that the title means `` children '' in the sense of `` offspring . '' Only one of the murderers in this book was actually a minor child at the time of the killing ; all the others were young adults . -RRB-
 Om my goodness ! I was laughing so hard reading this book I had a sideache for hours !! This is by far the best book in the Salinger Sisters series , though the other two are fantastic . Lucy Salinger , running her very own matchmaking service , is determined not to date any of her clients . But then in saunters Campbell Howard , and the hilarity begins . Lucy gets into all kinds of scrapes trying to convince herself that she has no feelings for Campbell whatsoever . The things she does will make you roll on the floor laughing -- going jogging in her work suit to impress Cam , setting him up with the two worst dates in dating history , swelling up from an allergic reaction from which Cam has to carry her out of the Chinese restaraunt ... Lucy 's totally funny and totally lovable , just like this book . I loved it so much I read it twice in one day , and I know you 'll love it too .
 I throughly enjoyed this book . I could not believe I was actually laughing aloud . The writings were so visual . What a wonderful world Shari MacDonald has created with the Salinger Sisters .
 A Match Made in HeavenBy Shari MacDonaldBook review By Kelsey TaylorThis book was stunningly good . I 'll be honest , I hate to read . The only book I 've ever picked up to read on my own was Harry Potter , but this book was amazing . It held my attention to the very last page , and that 's saying something coming from a person like me.Enough of me . Let me tell you about this book . A Match Made in Heaven -LRB- by Shari MacDonald -RRB- , is not like your average love stories . Normally they go
 The absolute best of the Salinger Sister books . The whole `` Rent-A-Yenta '' concept worked so beautifully . She can help everyone else 's lovelife go smoothly while hers is a riot from beginning to end . This is a definite must-read for anyone looking for a good love story with great laughs peppered throughout ! The laughs range from slapstick to subtle . Very well done .
 A Match Made in Heaven was the best out of the Salinger Sister series . You 'll find yourself laughing out loud at this hilarious romantic comedy ! You wo n't be able to put it down . You 'll also enjoy
 The last reviewer is truly out of her mind . If you do n't like romance and humor , or if you 're looking for non-stop action , then , no , this is not the book for you . -LRB- In fact , romance as a whole is probably not the genre for you . -RRB- But if you enjoy character-driven fiction , likeable and believable characters , witty humor , affirmation of loving family ties , and sweet , romance that sweeps you along to the very last page , you could n't find a better story anywhere . I like romances , but unfortunately most of them are n't that smart . MacDonald 's books are all extremely smart , in a wonderful way . This book is fabulous , as are the others in the series .
 This is a sweet , fun , and light romance.Lucy has surprised herself , her family and the public by being a successful match maker . She seeks God 's guidance in her business which is ironically called `` Rent-a-Yenta . '' She has three sisters who are close and somewhat concerned that Lucy can find a match for others but not herself . Lucy has a vivacious assistant , Gabby , who wants to take on some match making duties if only Lucy would loosen up the controls . Lucy claims that being left at the altar by her college sweetheart has nothing to do with the fact she barely dates . Her loved ones and friends suspect she has some trust and control issues.One morning an eccentric woman comes in seeking Lucy 's services for her brother , a shy , stay at home psychologist . The case is presented as an emergency because her brother stands to lose a substantial inheritance if he does n't marry by the age of 30 which is coming up in a month ! Lucy 's ethics object to rushing a match . Besides she is n't sure she can help the man based on the geeky picture the sister presents.Dr . Campbell Howard steps in the office to find Lucy with head on her desk and drooling ! Let the craziness begin ! Campbell is a handsome , trim fellow and Lucy has no idea of his identity as they begin to talk and banter . There is immediate easy exchange between them and although Lucy agrees to accept him as a client she senses some reluctance within herself.Campbell and Lucy are clearly drawn to each other but Lucy insists on sending him on dates . She is somewhat relieved that the dates are n't going well even though she knows she is n't being fair to his search.There is a lot of wackiness in Lucy 's behavior and sweet tenderness in Campbell 's . But it seems that Lucy 's fear may sabotage her own chances to have a meaningful relationship.I liked that the faith expressed in the story is presented as part of the lives of the characters . The emotions and lessons are natural and not preachy . The story is very cute and my book club group agreed it was a nice , easy read - no deep thinking required - that was just what they needed for a break in their busy lives .
 This was the first novel I 've read by Shari MacDonald . It was great . She ranks right up there with Lori Wick and Lori Copeland . This is a must read .
 I agree with everyone else , Rashel Jordan -LRB- the Cat -RRB- is definately an awesome character . Off all the nightworld books , this is my second favorite . Rashel is bull-headed and will not be dominated , but it is amusing to see her get knocked off her feet by her soulmate Quinn .
 This book is definitely one of my favorites too ! I think Rashel is really cool - she has a strong mind and character , I love her individuality ! She loaths Vampires , so its great seeing how she handles bad-boy Quinn when she realizes she ca n't kill him . Tension , romance and excitement run through this book keeping you on the edge of your seat and was I ever hooked ! As usual Lisa Brought me to a great climax , although , I did n't like the end as well as some others . -LRB- look out for Rashel and Quinn in some later-and earlier editions ! -RRB-
 I loved this book , and though i have n't read all of the Night World series , i reckon that this is probably the best one ever . i love Quinn , but i reckon that it 's sad that one day Rashel will be alone . she should so be a witch or something , but being humans served the plot really well .
 The Chosen is the best so far out of all the Night World books . Quinn is the best male character so far , except for Julian -LRB- No one could exceed Julian-ever -RRB- . He and Rashel fit so well together . We finally get to meet the mysterious HUNTER REDFERN in this novel . They discussed this guy in practically every novel before him but we never actually meet him !
 Rashel Jordan is a vampire slayer seeking revenge on the vampires you destroyed her family . When she rescues Daphne from being transported into a slave trade , she ends up getting into trouble herself ... until she finds Quinn , her soulmate ...
 I LOVE THIS BOOK ! I have read and reread this book so many times that the cover has fallen off . Quinn is absolutely the sexiest character to date -LRB- Of course , I have n't read Strange Fate yet , but then again , nobody has -RRB- . Rashel is so very cool and collected , but Daphne Childs is like a wrench thrown into her clockwork . She sums it up in one phrase . `` Oh my God , you 're Buffy the Vampire Slayer ! '' This book has to be one of the best , If not the single best Night World book in this wonderful series . Please Email me if you love this series as much as I do .
 I love this book !!! Its the best book amongst all the Night World books . Its wonderful the way Rashel and Quinn go together . They 're both totally wrong for each other but yet they 're soulmates . Quinn is absolutely great ! The tension the storyline and all is great ! If you have n't read this book you do n't know what you 're missing ... GO GET THE BOOK NOW !
 This book is the best book of every single one of the NightWorld series . If you love NightWorld and have n't read this yet , you are missing more than you imagine . I 've read all 9 fabulous books of the series , and is currently waiting -LRB- verrry patiently -RRB- for Strange Fate to come out , but this will always be the best of all the rest to me . I looove Quinn ! He rocks ! Actually I love all the male characters in the series -LRB- like Ash , Thierry , Delos , Galen , and Morgead , to name a few -RRB- . I feel each NightWorld character , no matter good or bad , is cool and unique in a definite way , a trademark of NightWorld of course . This series and this book are truly the bomb !
 L.j. Smith is one of my favourite authours . And the night world is totally out of the world ! This is by far the best book i 've ever read and dose n't Quinn sound fine !!!
 I luved this book -LRB- still do -RRB- . It 's sooo good ! Quinn 's one of my fave L.J.S character . Rashel is pretty cool too . I wonder if LJ will put any of the vamps from the bloodfeast in any of her future book -LRB- I know Azarius is in Huntress -RRB- . READ IT -LRB- well , if you have n't already -RRB- . I 've read if 10 times and I still luv it .
 I have read this book so many times and I love it . I do n't see why most people say Daughters of Darkness is the best . Ash is cute and funny , Yeah , But Quinn -LRB- well , John actually -RRB- is so ... . soulful . I almost cried when Dove was killed in John 's flashback , and I felt his pain when he found out the truth about Hunter . Please E-Mail me if you have similar feelings about John Quinn , Ash Redfern , Theirry Descoudres or any other member of the Nightworld . Bye Now , Natalya
 I totally loved this book and it is today even after reading all the NW books up to Witchlight my favorite ! Rashel was the the coolest and I loved that she really knew how to take care of herself ! Quinn is also my fav . male character ! He Rules !
 This was such a great book . I loved it . It was beyond sweet . I love Quinn . I wish I could meet a guy like him . L.J Smith is the best author in the world . I have read everyone of her books and they all are Da Bomb .
 This was grreeaaatttt !!! Now I love Quinn -LRB- I change every book -RRB- I loved that she put all this enerygy stuff and what masters hadsaid as it was intersting Email for a chat We need to make our own channel !!! on irc !! NNOOOOWWWW
 This was grreeaaatttt !!! Now I love Quinn -LRB- I change every book -RRB- I loved that she put all this enerygy stuff and what masters hadsaid as it was intersting Email for a chat We need to make our own channel !!! on irc !! NNOOOOWWWW
 I really loved this book ! It has my second favorite pair of soulmates in it -LRB- Ash & Mary-Lynette being my favorite -RRB- . This book reminds me a lot of my favorite show ` Buffy the Vampire Slayer ' . I think they even mention the movie in the book ... Anyway this book up there with my top 5 favorite L. J. Smith books . They are all so good that it is hard to decide an exact order . so if you have n't read it yet then I suggest that you do .
 I just got finished reading this for about the tenth time . I love it and the irony of a vampire slayer falling in with a vampire . The only better one is Daughters of Darkness .
 If you never read L.J. Smith books , I suggest you better start now . They are aboustely wonderful , especially this book , it is fabulous . I would never lie to you!This book is about Rashel , who is a girl looking for revenge by killing Night People one by one . She met Quinn -LRB- a vampire -RRB- and saw what she would never believe ... he was meant for her , a part of her , her soulmate ...
 Basically , Rashel is searching for the vampire who killed her family when she was a child . She comes upon an enclave of vampires , and , ironically , falls in love with one . His name is Quinn . He is also the fosterling of the vampire who killed Rashel 's family.Well written and suspensefu
 A lonely vampire hunter , Rashel , obsessed with finding a vampire who killed her family when she was young , finds a vampire on her rounds with her friends . His name is Quinn . A vampire with distorted images of humans -LRB- Sorry ! -RRB- falls in love from afar with Rashel . Rashel ca n't get him off her mind and ditto with Quinn . Is n't that tragic ? Hmm , it might be if you do n't read the book . To be or not to be ? Maybe . Or not ? Ahh ! Just buy the book ! I 'm going nuts here
 This is my all time favourite L.J. Smith book although it is closely followed by Huntress . I loved Rashel 's strong character and Quinn was to die for as the vampire guy with no heart . I felt that this was the best written book and the characters were a lot more realistic than in some previous ones . Also nice touch with the flashbacks into their pasts to give them more depth and background.Rashel kicks butt in her role as the breathtakingly beautiful and devastatingly dangerous slayer of vampires . Ever since she was a kid , Rashel has been picking off evil Night World people and she has never been beaten or caught . Determined to find the vampire who killed her mother , a chance encounter with the deadly vmpire Quinn will change her life.When she gives him a chance to escape , Quinn realises that this beautiful girl is far from what she seems . Later , they meet again and once again , Rashel is faced with either killing him or letting him escape and possibly ruining her disguise . She lets him go and soon after , he too his faced with the same choice.Fantastic ! Deserves 10 stars ! Couple of questions though . Why is it that the humans never seem to want to become vampires ? It 's not that bad really , from the book description and would solve problems like dying . The best book though !
 looking for vampire scum ! After a friend and family perish at the hands of an evil vampire Rashel whips herself into killer shape and goes on a rampage as she leads a double life ... hunting vampires by night and attending school during the day ! All is well for Rashell , kicking vampire butt at night until she crosses paths with a magnetic vampire named Quinn . Rashell finds herself foiling the kidnapping plan and letting Quinn go free!Their paths then cross again when Rashel goes undercover at a Nightworld night club ... Quinn has no idea the beautiful green eyed girl he meets at the underground club is the same lethal vampire slayer he met that night he was ambushed and then set free by . A determined Rashell wants to be let into a nightworld slave trade and will use all her wiles to get Quinn to let her into the slave trade.This book has an exsplosive ending ! Astonishing secrets are revealed to both Quinn and Rashel . L.J. Smith is my top author and I also suggest Christopher Pike .
 As the fifth book in the Night World series , ` The Chosen ' improves on all four of the previous books , drawing on deeper themes and ideas than the rest , and setting the scene for this continuing trend in the next book ` Soulmate ' . Rashel Jordan is only five years old when she witnesses her mother being killed and her younger brother Timmy being drunken from by a vampire . Because she 's seen the killer and is telling others about what happened he comes after her when she stays at her Aunt Corinne 's house , burning it to the ground . Rashel is alone in the world.At seventeen years old , she is the bane of vampire-kind . Calling herself ` the Cat ' she hunts and kills their kind in all of the major cities , and there is a large bounty on her head . At the time this story takes place Rashel goes to the Lancers , a human organisation for killing vampires and joins in with a small group who 're watching a warehouse that has been lately occupied by vampires . Their goal is to catch a vampire and discover its reasons for being there - through torture if need be . Among the group is a young girl named Nyala whose sister was killed by a vampire . Yet when the vampire is caught and the others go to scout around , Rashel finds that to her horror she and the vampire - Quinn -LRB- last seen in Daughters of Darkness -RRB- are soulmates . Letting him go , Rashel finds that she is suddenly wanted by both sides of the fight - the vampires still have a bounty on her head , and the Lancers think she has defected to the other side.And it does n't end there . While on the run from both of them Rashel literally runs into a young girl Daphne Childs , who is one of the missing young girls of late . With her in tow Rashel has access to exactly what the vampires are up to . For unknown reasons - though Rashel suspects its the slave trade - girls are being abucted from a club known as the Black Iris by none other than Quinn himself . Rashel 's mission is clear - get into the club , become one of these ` chosen ' and thus get herself to one of the secret and hidden vampire enclaves . And she 'll have to do it by herself ... As you can see , the premise is a fascinating one , and there is no shortage of interesting characters and ideas . Not all vampires are bad , not all humans are good so it would seem , and there are enough twists and turns , suspence and excitement to keep most people interested . It draws on things mentioned from the other books - the enclave is probably much like the ones Rowan , Kestrel and Jade escaped from in Daughters of Darkness , and the password that Rashel uses with the Lancers ` the night has a thousand eyes/and the day only one ' is re-used in the prophesy in book seven . L. J. Smith extends more on her idea and the nature of the Night World than previously seen , and several characters pop up that will have appearences in other books - namely Hunter and Lily Redfern.The ` mission ' plot strand gives the book some focus -LRB- too often L. J. Smith 's work rambles , changes , backtracks or does n't know where its going -RRB- and the pace is fast and never dwindles.However , there are a few flaws , the nature of which keeps this book from being a ` five-star ' novel . The character of Nyala was a complicated and intriguing one - a girl who was slightly mentally unstable . I do n't want to give too much away , but for those who have read the books , I felt that she should have perished in the fire . Okay , that 's not very nice of me , but a good author should know when to destroy a character for greater impact in the book 's progression . But no , L.J. Smith simply * had * to save her , did n't she . She just * had * to have yet another happy , cliche-ridden ending that is so prevailent in so many of her books . To have Nyala has a tragic figure would have been both poignant and heartbreaking - * that 's * what we should have come away from the book feeling.Secondly , Daphne Child 's part in the book is pretty implausible . Let me get this straight - she manages to escape from the jaws of certain death and is saves by pure chance by Rashel . And when she is faced with what she got away with , she wants to ... do it again ? Huh ? Yes , yes , she 's very brave about going back to the Night Club and letting herself get kidnapped , but come on ! - it was just plain stupid . No one in real life would ever do this to themselves . It was the same when Rashel was at the docks and she turned around to find all the girls still there - face it , they would have run like deer.It also ended very abruptly - we do n't know what is to become of Timmy , of the girls , of the enclave ... it ends with simply the boat sailing back to the shore . I for one had many unanswered questions , and since each book tells of a totally different couple , they were n't to be found in the next book.Finally , the use of the name ` Timmy ' , brought back Lassie flashbacks
 As the fifth book in the Night World series , especially after the insipid 4th novel `` Dark Angel '' , it was a surprise how brilliant this one was . `` The Chosen '' breaks free of Night World formula , Rashel Jordan , a fierce vampire hunter out for vengeance for her mother 's death does not fall in love with John Quinn an especially ruthless made vampire immediately , she instead tries to stake him.I loved the characters in this book Rashel is n't a powerless , insipid small town girl looking for love like other heroines in the series . She is a master of martial arts and has already been exposed to the Night World by her mother 's murder when she was 5 . This book heralded a change in the series moving from light weight YA romance to deeper themes . It answers many questions about the Night World like `` are there any humans who know about the Night World and do they hunt down its members ? '' Yes and Rashel `` The Cat '' Jordan is one of the most efficient hunters of night world prey , `` Do Night Worlders ever tire of immortal life ? '' Yes John Quinn is close to cracking under the weight of living since Puritan times , until he meets Rashel and so an unlikely cat and mouse romance begins . Should she stake him ? Should he make her a vampire like him ? How can a slayer and a vampire fall in love?This is very reminiscent of Buffy the Vampire Slayer , the plot deals with how bad Night Worlders -LRB- who before this we have never really seen -RRB- think and deal with vermin/humans . A smuggling operation with human runaways as food supplies brings Quinn and Rashel together , with her determined to stop it and Quinn an equal partner in the enterprise . True to form Quinn and Rashel are soulmates who must now find a way to co-exist . For those who were heartbroken when Angel left Buffy this acts as great consolation . I urge evryone to buy this book , even if previous Night World offerings left you cold , this is where the story changes !!
 This book seemed different and almost better then the other Night World book . It starts off -LRB- if you do n't count the kid part . -RRB- with Rashel the vampire hunter killing vampires . You are made to feel like she does - that vampires are just something to get rid of . But at the end of the book you are thinking totally differently . This book also seemed to explain the ` soulmate ' principle the best , how Rashel and Quinn really fitted together - maybe because Rashel is such a strong character you can tell she is n't just being romantic when she and Quinn touch . Derserves six stars !
 The story begins with Rachel 's childhood . It caught me bcause of how well I remember my childhood . I used to love those climbing things she was on and I could definetly relate to having to make sure her friend was always tagging along . From the first chapter where it describes her past , I can definetly see how she got stronger and braver . You can tell Smith does allot of research in this book . Rachel actually seems to understand those martial arts . She 's definetly not anything like me , but her character fits into the story perfectly and its definetly one of the better books in the series .
 The first time I read The Chosen book I was enthrawled ! I could NOT put it down and ended up finishing it in practically one sitting . The imagery and storyline are incredible ! Rashel is the ultimate kick-butt-slayer chick and Quinn is one sexy vamp ! Who says you ca n't love your enemy ? LJ Smith creates romance with a viciously exciting twist !
 I thought this was one of , if not the best , of LJ Smith 's books . I liked the irony in having a vampire , who OTHER vampires think of as cold and ruthless , falling in love with a feared vampire hunter who hates vampires with a passion because of a incident in her past . I just have one question though ... Quinn is a 400 yr . old vampire and immortal ... Rashel is human and refuses to become a vampire . There is also no hint that she is an Old Soul like Hannah -LRB- in Soulmate -RRB- . So what will Quinn do when Rashel grows old and dies why he remains forever at 18 ? What will the other immortal halves of the soulmates do ? The lamia can grow old but `` made '' vampires ca n't . So does anybody have a opinion on this ? Its one of the only major flaws that i see in the series . Other than that i love the series and ca n't wait till Strange Fate comes out ! - Kaelar
 I have to agree with the rest of you who have claimed ` The Chosen ' is the best NW book to date . It truly is . It 's VERY well written and Rashel and Quinn are perfect for each other . This is a book I feel only Ms. Smith could write . Does anyone agree with me when I say that the part where Rashel is saved from the werewolf by Quinn is the best part ? It was so real . I felt like I was becoming the character . The part was heart-breaking yet sweet and you just knew that these two people were meant to be . Okay , I 'm now done with my rambling now :-RRB- Merry Part people !
 I love this book so much ! HUNTRESS and DAUGHTERS OF DARKNESS is tied for the # 2 spot . Rashel is a vampire hunter , who had seen a vampire `` eat '' her friend Timmy , kill her mother , and set her great-aunt 's house on fire -LRB- she herself had escaped -RRB- when she was five . Rashel is known as the Cat , a vampire hunter who always leaves a mark similiar to a cat 's claws . She meets a vampire Quinn , when she 's with a group of vampire hunters on a mission . Rashel knocks him out and they tie him . While the other vampire hunters go check to make sure there are no more vampires in the area , she and Quinn * rendevous * . Rashel learns a lot about his history , and she feels pity for him . Rashel decides to free him , although the vampire hunters no longer trust her ... I really admire Rashel 's courage and strength , and Quinn was really kind and loving at the end . THE CHOSEN is absolutely ! ! positively one of LJS 's best books . I 'm still waiting for ! STRANGE FATE to come out , and I still love the soulmate principle , however nonrealistic it may be . Q.L.
 This book is definitly a must read . I could n't put it down.It shows that anyone can be brave .
 The Chosen is the first Night World book that begins from the main character 's point of view ... at age five . It 's Rashel Jordan 's fifth birthday , and she 's celebrating with her mother and best friend , Timmy , at an amusement park . But before the day is over she watches a vampire kill her mother , eat her best friend , and burn her aunt alive.Years later we find our beautiful dark-haired , cat-eyed girl a sleek , dangerous , and prestigious vampire hunter . Rashel is The Cat , known for murdering vampires all along the East Coast . She joins up with the vigilante team , the Lancers , on a stake-out -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- , only to find herself fatally attracted to the vampire she 's supposed to kill.Quinn is legendary in his own right ; a vampire dating back to the New England years , known to have a black heart and emotions colder than ice . He also happens to be a killer telepath and terribly dangerous , even to hardened vampire hunters . Imagine his surprise when he wakes up after tangoing with two hunters to find himself looking into the eyes of The Cat.What follows is an intense hunt . Rashel , face cloaked by a scarf , allows Quinn to escape , tarnishing her reputation and even her own opinion of herself . She attempts to make up for it when she stumbles across Daphne Childs , a fluffy bunny of a girl on the run from supposed vampire slave traders.Rashel is a deeply involving heroine . She 's strong , tough , and always prepared . Despite how jaded she is , we see her helping others at the risk of her own life . She even goes head-to-head with Quinn , knowing his reputation . Quinn is just as fascinating . We saw a peek of him in Daughters of Darkness , but he really shines in this novel . His backstory is heartbreaking , moreso when he 's betrayed near the end by one of the only people he trusts.This is easily one of my top three for this series -LRB- and no specific location , as my three favorites are so for several different reasons -RRB- . Even if you pass on the rest of the series , this is one you can not let alone .
 This was the first Night World book I 've read and my favorite . As said before , this lacks the sap of the others and features an even more bad -LRB- ... -RRB- heroine than the other Night World girls and she is n't even from the Night World . Except , as with all good vampire slayers , she falls for one that she is determined to kill and has no choice over the matter . Watch out Buffy and Angel , Rachel and Quinn are in town .
 This book is the greatest Night World book that L.J. Smith has written , although this is the only one that I have read thoroughly I know that all of her other books are written very well.This particular book is about a girl named Rashel that wants revenge on the vampire that killed her mother , so she ends up being a vampire hunter . She has no feelings against killing vampires , until she looks into a particular one 's eyes . She ca n't kill him because she has feelings for him , and she ca n't figure out why . When she saves a girl named Daphnie and gets herself and Daphnie into a vampire slave trade . She tries to escape when a werewolf tries to kill her , she tries to kill it but she ca n't . Suddenly the vampire that she has feelings for kills the werewolf , and asks her why she was going to let herself get bit by the werewolf , and not by him . Will she let him bite her or will she somehow get away ? Find out in this really thrilling book . I liked it , and I hope anyone that reads it will too .
 The chosen is one of the best night world books in the series . For once the contrast between Vampire hunter and vampire actually work . Rashel is a vampire hunter and Quinn is a vampire , and they 're soulmates . That might sound corny but I 'm not finished , they 're determined to kill each other though . It 's intriguing and mysterious and is a book you have got to read .
 `` The Chosen '' is one of my overall favorite books ! You can tell by looking at my copy because it 's falling apart ! It opens with Rashel 's childhood and it really catches your attention 'cause it 's so descriptive . If you do n't like action and vampires with a little bit of Romance , then this book is n't for you , but if you like all of the above , then you ca n't go wrong !
 I can read these books over and over , but especially this one . It 's my favourite . I started reading them over two years ago , and I still like them , whereas other books I have grown out of . There was something about Rashel and Quinn that I really liked though . I hope she writes more , and I wish they were easier to find ! ...
 I think that Rashel is a strong female charactor . I think that her only flaw is that she tends to be hypocritical . I think that Quinn is a good soulmate choice for her . I really liked this book because it had a good plot and I liked that a vampire and vampire hunter got together . This was my favorite book out of the whole series . I recommend buying this book , or at least reading it , because it is very good !
 Rashel was definitely a heroic character and she was a fighter and knew how to deal with things herself and brave enough to fight vampires . Quinn was definitely one of the my favorite male characters in the series ! And the way LJ Smith wrote this story was so compelling I just could n't put it down !!
 This was the first Night World book that I ever read and it was most defiantley the best . I loved Rashel , as she was a strong and inspirational character . I also fell in love with Quinn , as he was mean , mysterious and irresistable . I hope that that there will be more NightWorld books with these two characters in !
 this book rocks , people ! however , i got reali confused withnyala 's character . what 's up with her aniway ? split personality?aniway , i reali loved rashel and quinn though they were always at each other 's throats !! enjoy this book ! p.s
 This book was wonderful ! I really enjoyed the total ironicy of a cold vampire and a strong , lonely vampire hunter falling in love , and how they worked together to be together . The story was really good , and even if you do n't usually like books about vampires or supernatural stuff you will really like this book ! I suggest it to anyone!Plus , if you 're an L. J. Smith fan , please e-mail me ! I would love to hear from someone who thinks she is as good as I do
 The Chosen is the absolutely most wonderfully thrilling book that I 've read in months ! If you 're like me , interested -LRB- Obsessed -RRB- with anything abnormal or supernatural , if your toes curl at the thought of a Totally fine guy with darkness in his soul and you 're looking for a good book , READ THIS BOOK ! Go get it now , you can thank me later.And if you 're like my sis , needing a little more persuasion , then read on for a few of the reasons to read the book . 1 -RRB- It was written by L. J. Smith , so it has to be good . 2 -RRB- It has to do with a vampire and a vampire-hunter falling in love and working together . 3 -RRB- It 's well written , clear and very understandable . It will catch you up so hard you wo n't put it down until the lst page , which will leave you wanting more.There , I 'm finished , I rest my case . If my rather clumsily worded , overly enthusiastic review has n't inspired you to read the book , I suggest that you read it anyways . You might like it . - Flamestar
 This is a pretty good book . The characters are good . The plot 's great . The writing 's wonderful . So what 's my problem ? It should have been longer ! Most of the Night World books by L.J. Smith manage to feel complete despite being short . `` The Chosen '' was different . The characters , their feelings , and their lives were complex . I especially would have been interested in learning more about Quinn . It just felt a bit rushed to me at the end . Actually , that 's probably a good thing , that I loved the characters enough to want more . In any case , for the length she had to work with , L.J. Smith did a pretty good job .
 _ The Chosen _ is one of my favorite books in the Night World series , mainly because Rashel is courageous and tough and strong , and Quin is n't such a soft guy . The romance is nicely done , and Rashel as vampire hunter is just awesome as she goes into the vampire underworld to rescue some girls who managed to get themselves sold into slavery -LRB- of course , she herself has to be captured , but she can handle it -RRB- .
 Compared to all the night world books this one is the best ! I love how Rasheal is so brave and finds her soulmate while fighting vampires .
 This book is my favorite in the Night World Series . Quinn is my favorite character in the series -LRB- besides Ash -RRB- . I also like how Rashel finds out what happened to Timmy in the end .
 I absolutely loved this book it was just as touching and bonechilly as the rest and it really showed a new view of the night world and what happened .
 I would have to say this is probably my fave NW book ... although i do agree with others in that the whole soulmate principle is getting old i am a sap for love stories ... i love ASH , but i love Rashel and Quinn ... they make a good combo ... I agree with that Natalya chick ... Quinn is soulful , like i said in the commentary for Daughters of Darkness . . i love these misunderstood guys . . even if the series ' premise is weak
 I Liked this book.Soulmate was my favorite.Go to Black Dawn to here a better reveiw
 This is the second best book by LJ Smith -LSB- Soulmate is the best . I love it . You have to read it .
 The Chosen is my favorite book out of the Night World Series . Its not made out of the mush the other Night World books are made out of . All the other books are good , but they make me wan na gag ! This was the only REAL story , with real characters and serious issues . By the end of the book , you are in fierce admiration of Rashel and are in love with Quinn . True , Ash does the same for you , but nothing like Quinn . The changes he goes through , first being a bloodthirsty killer , then becoming a tender lover , really rock you to the core . And the flashbacks with him and Dove and his early days with the Redferns make you realize that he has ... depth . Something that Ash DOES NOT have . And Rashel , getting over her hate of vampires and loving Quinn ... who WOULD N'T respond to that ? Rashel and Quinn both find out that when it comes to each other , they are LOVERS , NOT FIGHTERS ! A truly GREAT story that will leave you breathless , it is definelty worth a read !
 Of all the books that L. J. has written in this series , `` The Chosen '' is by far the best . I have read all nine of the currently published books -LRB- and am still eagerly awaiting the tenth -RRB- . This book has the wonderful premise of the previous and subsequent books . However , it also has main characters with more depth than many characters in other novels and realistic motives . Rashel and Quinn spend most of the book trying to ignore their feelings for eachother and trying to kill eachother . Both things are something that the other books really lack . Niether readily admit to bieng soulmates . The two characters fellings towards the members of Circle Daybreak coin the term `` damned Daybreakers . `` All of these things and their depth of character contribute to make this a great book rather than a marginally good book as the other books in this series have been .
 To those of you who did n't realize this from reading through the Night World series , Timmy , Rashel 's childhood playmate and friend , made a cameo appearance in Secret Vampire . On page 212 , he is desscribed as `` a little kid who looked about four . -LSB- He -RSB- was cute , with shiny black hair and tilted eyes ... '' Just thought you might like to know .
 I liked this book better than the others because Rashel is not some clueless bimbo who happened to find out about the Night World . She is strong and independent . She saw a vampire kill her mother when she was five and she turned that event into a career . She did n't turn into a nut or anything like that . She became a vampire hunter . She learned everything she could about the Night World , so she knew more than than the other characters in the series . Quinn and Rashel are definitely a good match .
 This was by far the best book that I have ever read . Rashel kicks butt ! This whole series is so awesome . I love the description & all of the action . SOME people say that these plots are getting old , but I never get tired of them . I think they 're really cool , especially this one . ~ Ondine
 i also really loved the book . it showed two strong willed people who are , at first glance , totally wrong for each other ! i mean , a centuries old vampire , and a vampire slayer ? it was ironic ! i also liked that even though Quin was a cold fish on the outside , inside he was just as lonely as Rashel , even if he rarely admitted it . i loved the book and could n't put it down ! if u have n't read it yet , do so !
 This book is so great . I was just scanning through L.J. Smith books , seeing what people wrote about them , and I ws amazed to see that I had never written a review for Chosen . I was in shock . How could I have overlooked my almost-favorite Night World book ? -LRB- Second only to Daughters of Darkness ! -RRB- So here 's my belated review
 Ca n't believe I have never reviewed this book before . First read this back when I was 13 . Like a lot of girls wanting the mysterious boyfriend and believed in soul-mates which drug me into these books . Rereading it over time years later still stands the test of time for me.It would be interesting to see Buffy vs The Cat . Just thought about similarities writing this review . lol
 I just loved that message ^ ^ ^ You 'll get it from reading this book.So Rashel Jordan becomes this vengeful vampire hunter after having lost her Mother to one of them at the young age of 5 . John Quinn deemed himself a `` monster '' when he was turned into one during the colonial times , yet he chose to embrace that darkness completely from then on . And so you then put them together , and what do you get ?? A real nice tale about discovery of self , justice , honor , and love.It was a great , short read . I wished it was longer because I would have loved reading more on Rashel and Quinn ; an epilogue would have been so nice . But of course they are part of a series where each book focuses on different characters.When they surprisingly come together and learn they both have honor and are strong , and ESPECIALLY when they touch ; you certainly learn that there are more to people and races than their labels or their reputations . I enjoyed seeing them process these revelations ; seeing them come close to killing each other and what occurs instead . This story is about change , too . Change for the better when you are confronted with an opposite to you , or so you think.This quote summed it up perfectly for me ; `` Under the white light that revealed their inner selves , it was clear that small differences like being vampire or human did n't matter . They were both just people ... People who were stumbling through life trying to deal with the hurt . '' I absolutely enjoyed this coupling and with added twists here and there by the lovely LJS , this story was quite entertaining with a pacing that was swift and steady.Enjoy it for yourselves : -RRB-
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book . There are few people I have encountered that are as dedicated to a cause as Randy seems to be . His devotion and tenacity are to be commended . He is doing such a great service to the city of St. Louis . There are a lot of us out there that would 've never even realized there was such a stray problem in this country . I am so glad to have read this book and to be more informed on the conditions these dogs have to live in . It has been said over and over about this book , but the prevailing message is that one man can make a difference and seeing that proven in Randy 's case is a great motivator for the rest of us . For anyone who loves dogs and/or loves inspiring stories , read this book .
 A wonderful record of day to day life of street strays and the compassionate people who save them . Excellent book that opens up a whole new world , a world I never knew existed.Thank God for Stray Rescue
 My vet recommended this book after she met my new foster dog -LRB- now adopted by me -RRB- who was a rescue from a puppy mill where she was a `` breeder dog '' for the puppy mill . The first 4 years of her life were spent in horrible conditions , so I was looking for resources that could help me know how to work with her.This book did n't fit the bill as much as I had hoped , but I do recommend it for al dog lovers . It is an inspiration and interesting story . And , some of the methods used helped me in working with my Daisy . There are n't a lot of resources out there for people trying to rehabilitate puppy mill dogs . I started keeping a blog to catalog Daisy 's preogress -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I really loved this book . It made you laugh and made you sad . I wish I could have the courage to rescue dogs in the same manner as Randy Grim does . Truly inspiring stories .
 By the end , you feel like you 've been riding along the potholed streets of some junk-strewn back alley , with tin cans rolling around your feet and a dog sitting nervously in your lap.Thomas Crone-The Commonspace
 One of the nicest and most lovable things that people do is to take care of dogs . Everyone knows how devoted dogs are to their owners -LRB- for which the word `` guardians '' is being used by those who do not like to think of such noble and friendly animals as property -RRB- and how devoted the humans are to their dogs . But like anything else that humans do , there are people that mess things up , and in some cases , mess things up horrifyingly . There are dogs who are mistreated and abandoned , and there are not enough shelters to take care of all the strays . Countless dogs end up officially killed because culling them is the sad best solution to a problem dogs did n't cause and humans did . There are people who are making a difference , and in _ The Man Who Talks to Dogs
 Mr. Grim is a living saint in the mold of Brother Francis . If you believe that a dog dumped by someone who does n't want him anymore will end up wild and free like a wolf ... if you think neutering your dog will somehow affect your own manhood ... if you think your dog should have `` just one litter '' because `` the kids should see the miracle of birth '' ... read this book and then try to sleep at night . Dogs are not wolves in Snoopy costumes , able to return to the wild at a moment 's notice . Dumped dogs die slow and terrible deaths , and dogs born on the street live short and wretched lives . They need us . They ca n't survive without us . Our ancestors made them that way , and passed on to us the responsibility for their life and death . Randy Grim knows this in his guts.Read this book , and when you stop shivering , call your local animal shelter and ask them what they need most . And if you see a dog wandering alone , look into its eyes . You 'll know what I mean when you 're done with The Man who Talks to Dogs .
 Randy Grim hates being called a hero . He feels like a fake when people use that term to describe him because , in his eyes , he 's a frail and fearful person , full of complexities and issues . It takes all his energy to face life 's challenges but , for some reason , it all changes when he 's on the trail of a dog that needs his help . Then he 's a fully focused , driven machine that will wade through filth , skid along icy , dark streets and face down the roughest , toughest people to accomplish his task . He ca n't and he wo n't leave that canine alone on the street.This book is fast paced and fascinating . I was hooked from word one . The author has managed to weave together the story of a fascinating , though reluctant hero with the graphic and gritty reality of the price being paid by the strays in our midst . The author dissects the various causes and brings the tragic results into sharp focus . It is hard to blink , to look away , to pretend it does n't exist . Those weary , confused eyes stare back from the pages.While we witness the dark side of humanity and it 's wretched victims , we are also allowed to share the small and great triumphs that result from Randy 's dedication . Many are the hurdles that have to be overcome but , step by step , the right people join the battle , sanctuary is provided , supplies appear and donations arrive.This is how heros and saints come to be . It 's the leap of faith that says , `` I do n't know whether I 'm making a difference . I do n't know how I 'm going to manage but I will . Because I 'm not taking my eye off this one , and the next one , and the next one until they 're safe . '' One small miracle at a time creates a haven . For the strays , for the people who care and for the children who see that brutality or indifference are not the only choices.Thanks Randy , for showing the way and thanks Melinda , for telling the story so well .
 The Man Who Talks to Dogs was an incredible book . I could n't put it down . This is the true story of one man 's desperate , heartbreaking love for dogs -- of anguish , brutality and hope.Randy Grim dedicates his life to saving the big-city feral-dog population of St. Louis , single-handedly braving the mean streets to rescue God 's lost angels -- those half-wild , half-domesticated dogs existing on the borderlines of urban society.In this story , Randy brings to light the terrible struggle of these animals , who haunt burned-out buildings , eating out of garbage cans , dropping dead in the streets of starvation and illness , some never having come close to a human ... or worse yet , falling prey to the sadistic cruelty of dog-fight rings or random violence . Thru this man 's tireless efforts , many of these dogs have been saved , rehabbed and adopted to loving homes . Some of their stories are told in this book -- I guarantee that you will never forget them.Randy is an incredible human being and an inspiration to all of us ... Get this book , read it and live it -- it is a great lesson in compassion for the creatures with no voice -- and how one person can make a difference , one dog at a time .
 If you go to your local veterinarian and tell him you want to adopt a shelter dog or cat , chances are he or she will give you a big smile . Vets will tell you of the horrible plight of abandoned animals , of the growing number that are euthanized by animal control shelters , and of the heroic efforts of animal rescue leagues , who save animals , rehabilitate them and find loving homes for them . We have two rescue cats -- great pets , and really believe strongly in adopting pets from rescue leagues . `` The Man Who Talks to Dogs '' is the story of Randy Grim who has dedicated his life to rescuing dogs . He drives around the St. Louis area in his van , capturing strays , finding homes for them and educating the public about the problem . There is a lot of interesting information about the problem of stray dogs in the US . This includes statistics about dogs killings of humans , of the number of people bitten . It also is a story about the sadness -- of dogs who are sick , dogs who ca n't be rehabilitated , of euthanizing thousands of animals.This is not always a happy book ; so many animals can not be saved and so many are traumatized beyond curing or rehabilitation . But the story is heroic . If you love animals and are considering adopting a dog , this is a good book to have . And if you are adopting a dog and considering not neutering it , it 's a must-read .
 Most dog lovers understand that the plight of stray dogs is miserable . Unfortunately , they feel the problem is unsolvable , so they simply push it to the back of their minds . This book tells the inspirational story of one man who took it upon himself to help unwanted dogs . Many of the stories in the book are heartbreaking and hopefully they will serve as a wake-up call for dog lovers everywhere . Personally , I resolved to do fundraising for my local shelter after reading THE MAN WHO TALKS TO DOGS . If every dog lover who reads the book decides to do something-anything ! to help the cause of abused and abandoned animals then we can make a big improvement in the lives of man 's best friend .
 Enter one very unlikely hero who is trying to call national attention to the scourge . Randy Grim was young , hip , but crippled by panic attacks and phobias -LRB- of public places , parties , elevators , driving -RRB- . After rescuing his first street dog , Bonnie , he could n't look away . `` How can I ? '' he asks . `` Each one says , ` Do n't leave me here . ' '' And so the man who must pop Xanax to walk through an airport refuses to leave a starving , terror-stricken German Shepherd on a dark , icy and stormy East St. Louis street , even when an threatening tenement resident has him on the business end of a gun.Journalist Melinda Roth puts a human , and animal , face on an ignored tragedy playing out in our cities . She gives us beautifully wrought , but too few , scenes of redemption .
 If you 've seen stray dogs in your city and wondered how they live , how they became homeless , and what finally happens to them , this book will tell you . This is the story of dogs on the street and one man who has dedicated his life to saving them.Randy Grim works every day with homeless dogs in the St. Louis metro area . These are dogs that were once pets , now abandoned by their owners . Or , they were born on the streets and have never known a safe and loving home . By the time Randy finds them in abandoned city warehouses and on busy streets , they have little faith in humans . It is his seemingly impossible job to convince them to trust again . He acclimates them to human behavior so that they can be adopted by responsible families . Randy 's non-profit organization , Stray Rescue of St. Louis , is dedicated to saving the lives of dogs on the street.This is a story of heartbreak and hope . It is the story of dogs who were brutalized and who come to trust again . When we see how Randy 's patient work can turn around even the most distrustful dog , we can celebrate that special bond that exists between man and animal . It will make many animal lovers sad because it details struggles of dogs on the street . But it will also serve as inspiration to show the rest of us what can be done !
 A fascinating account of one man 's crusade to rescue the stray dogs of St. Louis , this book gives us incredible insight into the issues surrounding the stray animal problem in this country . I learned more than I knew there was to know about feral dogs and their place in our society . But this book is not just about dogs - the lessons learned could just as easily be applied to the `` capture '' and `` saving '' of all the other strays found in our cities -- including those lost & homeless children who have become so commonplace . The behaviors they exhibit are scarily similar to those described by Randy Grim in this book . A gripping tale and one which should be read by anyone interested in the plight of all the strays of the world .
 A warts 'n' all portrait of a man who devotes every spare moment and every spare dollar to rescuing abandoned and abused dogs from the streets of St. Louis . Though numerous stories about dogs tortured and neglected may be upsetting to sensitive readers , this is ultimately a deeply inspirational story about how one man CAN make a difference . As soon as I can , I 'm hunting down his address and sending him a check . Makes a good companion piece with Kat Albrecht 's THE LOST PET CHRONICLES.PS
 This book should be on every Mother 's list of gifts for her daughter . What a beautiful portrait of a mother by her daughter . In this age of `` feminism '' this should also be a must read for women in general.Madame Curie was in a class of intellectual genius by herself . She is one of the most outstanding scientists ever.She is a great example as a human being , a woman , a mother , a scientist , a wife.Needless to say I was very impressed by the book . The thought that this was written so beautifully by this woman 's daughter never left my awareness . This book certainly made this reader extremely proud of his ethnic heritage.Books written by Richard Noble - The Hobo Philosopher : `` Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother ''
 This is a book I recall reading as a school girl about another girl in far away Poland who aspired to study at University in Paris . Note worthy is that the book , written by Eve Curie as a biography of her extaordinary physicist mother , Madame Marie Curie , received the 1937 World Book award for fiction . In the fashion of a romance novel , Eve Curie recounts the story of Madam Curie 's birth in Warsaw in 1867 and childhood in a Poland oppressed by Russia . She is depicted as a child driven intellectually and encouraged by a scholarly father . Madame achieved her aspiration of study in Paris where she collaberated with her physicist husband , Pierre to isolate the element of radium . Detailed accounts depict family life in late 19th century Poland and her education and work in Paris until her death from radiation poisoning in 1934 .
 I loved this book . Written by one of the daughters of Marie Curie , it is as close to the woman-genius as we 'll ever get . Even if you are n't interested in science or chemistry -LRB- as I am not ! -RRB- , this is a wonderful book , written in a way that lets you get to know Madame Curie without the interference of personal trivia or `` Mommie Dearest '' - isms on the part of the daughter . It made me fall in love with Madame Curie .
 I was very pleased with the condition of the book I ordered . It was all in tact , and , for an old book , in very excellent condition .
 Marie Curie was determined to get an education in the field of science , and to work in an area of science that would fulfill her spirit of curiosity , and intellectual honesty . The story of her journey begins with her girlhood in Poland , where she was obliged to work as a governess to help send an older sister to college before it was socially appropriate for her to go . Once in college , in Paris , she endured numerous and serious challenges . Her will to prevail and her courage in the face of great adversity makes this biography a compelling story of dealing with problems upon problems but never losing sight of the goal , never giving up , never being less than you know you can be . I found it inspiring .
 Marie Curie was a remarkable person in many respects . Back when few women were scientists , she won the Nobel prize in both chemistry and physics . As a native Pole living in the oppressive Russian Empire , she and other Polish students were only able to study their native language in secret . Fortunately she was able to complete her education and training in France . This biography , written by her daughter , is full of love and admiration for her remarkable mother . It is amazing to think that Marie Curie had to first learn how to separate the radioactive element Radium from its native ore in order to study its radioactive properties -- hence the reason why she won the Nobel prize in chemistry as well as in physics . In those days scientists had to develop so much more of their techniques and equipment by hand , and did not have all the grad students and assistants that prominent scientists have today . Marie Curie did so much of this work with dangerous radioactive material that she eventually died from exposure to radiation . She named the radioactive element Polonium in honor of her native country -- noting that `` Polon '' is the name for Poland in French.I actually read this biography in French when I was a high school student over 40 years ago . I had an excellent French teacher who loaned me the book because she knew that I was interested in pursuing a career in science . I read this book simply for pleasure rather than to write a book report or whatever .
 This is a gem of a book written about one of the most influential scientists of the twentieth century , written by a person who knew her intimately - her daughter . I am still halfway through the book and am delighted with each turn of the page . I recently saw the world premiere of a theatrical production at U.C. Santa Barbara entitled `` Piezoelectric Love
 This book is really an enjoyable piece of work ! Eve Curie wrote a wonderful biography of Madam Curie . I recommend this biography to all human beings that want to learn from a remarkable struggle to build a life , and a career in science .
 This book was a really great read . It was relatively easy to read and I would recommend that ages thirteen and up could easily get through it . This tells the story or a remarkable woman who , through the struggles of poverty , becomes an acclaimed world renowned scientist and a recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize award . Born in Poland , she has a very tough childhood and adolescence in which both her oldest sister and mother die . Her father , M. Sklodovski is left alone to raise her and her three siblings . She endures a privileged schooling opportunity despite living in late nineteenth century Poland which has been put under the strict rule of the Russians . She works had for years to pay for her and her sister , Bronya 's education . Finally her hard work pays off and she leaves for France to become a student and being the remarkable young woman she was , she succeeded immensely . Although she must live in poverty these early years and only allows herself to eat some bread , cherries and maybe a few polish sausages , she is able to pass the exams and begin to research and experiment in the laboratory . As she moves through stages of her life , getting married , having children , and finally completely devoting her life to science when she discovers radium , she becomes the outstanding scientist she is known for today . Her and her husband Pierre and daughter Irene all make contributions to science and receive many awards for doing so . This book is bound to enthrall you with its sophisticated charm as it tells of Marie Curie 's life as told by her daughter , Eve Curie .
 Marie Curie 's youngest daughter Eve has given us a gift by writing this biography of her mother . Eve manages to let us into her mother 's private world while inspiring our full respect of her privacy . Madame Curie and her husband Pierre exemplify the meaning of the word integrity - a rarity , especially in our culture of constantly searching for fame and wealth at all cost . I will read this book multiple times like visiting a friend and learning a bit more about this remarkable person each time .
 This biography of Madame Curie , written by her daughter , Eve , is beautifully written , with many personal touches.When I finished reading this remarkable account , written like a novel , I stood in awe of a very gifted , remarkable figure from history.Highly recommended .
 Madame Curie is a touching and honest biography . It tells the perserving story of Marie Curie , a native Pole who would seem out of place in France and -- being a woman in a more prejudice timeframe -- in the scientific community in general . Although this was the case , it did not stop her from becoming one of the most prolific and important scientists in the realm of physics and chemistry.Within this book is held the tale of a woman who worked almost every single minute of her life in either the laboratory , the classroom , or her own home . But she never faltered under pressure and endured inhospitable laboratory conditions -LRB- she was originally working in a shed to help discover radium , the element that created the field of radiation cancer treatment and spurred the field of nuclear science.As a biographer , Eve Curie remains factual in content , allowing the reader to form an unbiased opinion of her mother . She buttresses the book with personally letters to and from Marie Curie , which add a first hand account of certain aspects of her mother 's life.A must read for anyone looking for a heartwarming story .
 This book brought forth to me the human side of a great scientist . As a daughter , wife , mother and not the least as a patriotic citizen of a country that was being wiped out due to tyranny . I cried every time I read the book . Especially twice -- when Pierre Curie dies and when Madame Curie addresses the gathering of students . A book I can not forget .
 The book is a reprint of the biography written by Marie Curie 's daughter , Eve Curie in 1937 . It is a book which should be read by all - especially aspiring scientists . Marie Curie was the first woman to receive a Ph.D. in France , the first woman to receive a Nobel Prize and the first person to receive two Nobel prizes . The work she accomplished under the most difficult situations for a scientist is truly inspiring . When asked why she and her husband , Pierre Curie did not patent the procedure for extraction and purification of radium , something which would have made them very wealthy , she said `` No , It would be contrary to the scientific spirit . '' How refreshing , since in today 's world the first thought of scientists is patenting their discoveries .
 This is one of the books that will remain closest to me ... the kind of book I would definitely have on my own children 's bookshelf . I unfortunately had to stop reading the book midway because the library wanted it back , and I was also going to be out of town . Three months later , I still felt compelled to go back to the library and finish off the remaining two or three chapters.The book is a detailed account of Marie Curie 's personal and professional life . And who better to tell this story than Eve , her own daughter . The genius in Mme. Curie was a direct result of her dedication to hard work and an amazing work ethic . From a peasant Polish family , she faced many challenges and postponed her own education and worked for a wealthy family to help pay for her older sister 's education . Such was Marie 's spirit and selflessness - which extended to her research and her work in science.Her creation , radium , was the ultimate criminal that led to her untimely death , when she felt she still had a lot to accomplish . The lady was indeed a noble gift to the science world .
 Excellent work by a woman writer who is also the daughter of Madam Curie . I would recommend this book to all young women . It is an excellent account of a great woman who made a mark on history when -LRB- supposedly -RRB- women had little freedom or power . Miss Curie -LRB- the writer -RRB- exhibits a great deal of love and devotion to her mother , yet remains objective .
 Marie Curie never gave up in life . This book is truly well written and full of wisdom and great-doing . Bravo to the whole Curie family . Yours is one of true splendour !
 Anyone who is interested in reading the truly fascinatinglife of a great scientist must read this biography by herdaughter Eve Curie . I discovered a very intelligent , curious , courageous woman who totally devoted her life to scienceand to mankind.This woman risked her life for the questfor truth . Her devotion to her family , her love andadmiration for her husband Pierre , her personalsacrifices to conquer adversity serves as an inspirationto future generations . No other woman has eclipsed herlegacy ! This book formed the basis for the movie `` MarieCurie '' starring Ava Gardner and Walter Pidgeon.G.M.Robert , Toronto , Ontario
 This re-reading of Eve Curie 's biography of her mother was , for me , a visit with a dear old friend . Some books embed themselves in my mind , and this is one of those books . Decades after my last reading of it , I discovered that I still knew some of its sentences by heart.Who was Marya Sklowdowska ? The baby of a Polish intellectual couple 's family , born into a nation occupied and oppressed , who was taught to love freedom . A devoted sibling who worked as a governess to help support her older sister , Bronya , so the latter could study medicine in faraway Paris , even though it meant putting off her own journey there to study physics - the subject that fascinated her . A dedicated student who became an equally dedicated scientist , and then the wife and working partner of another scientist
 In this Biography I was very pleased and liked the way the author expressed how Madame Curie was going through difficult times and overcame them . It was inspirational and gave me the yearning to do something magnificent . While reading this book I thought it was somewhat dull at first , but then became very interested and wanted to read more . This book is one that will make you want to be the best you can be . It opened my eyes and made me realize that anything is possible . It gave me a new understanding and taught me a lot pertaining to the subject of science . I never really was a fan of reading science books but when I started to read this book , I became surprised as to how much I really enjoyed it . The author did a great job with the journal entries and I believe that added a special touch to the biography . The accuracy and the fact that you know Madame Curies point of view was amazing and really added a great touch . This is a book for all ages and should be read by everyone .
 My mother gave me this book when I was about twelve years old . And , still now this book serves as a constant inspiration ...
 This is a complete collection of all the ` Misanthrope 's Corner ' columns Miss King wrote for the National Review from 1991 to 2002 . Every column is a joy to read as Miss King gives her views , usually jaundiced , on current affairs , and is always amusing , whether you agree with what she is saying or not . She is savagely funny writing about the Clintons , the Bushes , the feminisation of America , and anything else that takes her fancy.she is painfully funny writing about the Clinton/Lewinsky affair . Reminising about her own teen years she recalls : ... It is 1952 . Now 16 , I hav elost my baby fat and gone from duckling to swan , and my mother , who normally pays no attention to anything except baseball and her hero Sen. Joe McCarthy , is being uncharacteristically maternal . We are washing dishes when suddenly , out of the blue , she says : `` If a man ever asks you to do something funny to him , you tell him to go to hell , you hear ? '' `` What do you mean , ` something funny ' ? '' `` Never mind , just promise me `` Mystified , I promise . The mystery deepens as she swung off on one of her patriotic tangents . `` That 's why the French ca n't win a war without us ! It saps their strength ! They 're so busy doing something funny to each other that the Germans just walk right in ! `` Another favourite passage of mine is where she is writing about the effect that the draft had on men of her generation : The draft produced the kind of men that today 's girls have never known , and relations between the sexes were better for it . What sticks in my mind about them is their self-sufficiency and competence in fixing things that broke and figuring out solutions to emergencies . Thanks to the draft I belong to the last generation of American women who could scream `` Do something ! '' and get results . Most of my men were intellectuals , but they had been taught in basic traning to change a tire in 90 seconds , rig up electrical wiring , tie knots that stayed tied , and take a rifle apart and reassemble it while blindfolded . This last was never necessary in civilian life , but it made for a self-assured deftness that was awesome.Occasionally Miss King becomes quite lyrical in her praises , whether of the Post office , of Woolworths , Mario Lanza , or Alice Faye . There is a quite enchanting description of her first trip to Paris , and a very touching tribute to her aunt.Whatever Miss King 's views on the subject she is writing about , every column is a joy to read .
 `` Stet , Damnit ! '' is the complete collection of Florence King 's 1991-2002 columns for the National Review . This reviewer is one of many who used to read National Review beginning with her weekly posting on the last page . King 's keen insight into human nature , stubborn common sense , and acerbic wit made her column entertaining whether she was goring sacred cows and pompous egos on the left or right of the political spectrum . Her frequent reviews of movies and books were equal parts insightful and unforgiving of sloppy or pretentious work . Her retirement was a real blow to those who enjoyed her writing style.This volume is highly recommended for those who are nostalgic for her column . The content holds up pretty well in spite of being a little dated . Hard core junkies of political commentary will also find this entertaining .
 Florence King authored `` The Misanthrope 's Corner , '' featured on the back page of `` National Review '' for many years . The column was known for `` serving up a smorgasbord of curmudgeonly critiques about rubes and all else bothersome to the Queen of Mean , '' as NR put it.It 's a rare writer who is not only a skillful wordsmith , but insightful and witty as well ; Miss King 's columns never fail to be all three . `` She is an unconventional satirist , '' said Louise Rothe of the Chattanooga News-Free Press , `` funny , unpredictable , sometimes raunchy . Nothing , however trite , escapes her wit . `` And now , a few excerpts ... here are some of Miss King 's amusing musings on stress in America : `` The American way of stress is comparable to Freud 's ` beloved symptom , ' his name for the cherished neurosis that a patient cultivates like the rarest of orchids and does not want to be cured of . Stress makes Americans feel busy , important , and in demand , and simultaneously deprived , ignored , and victimized . Stress makes them feel interesting and complex instead of boring and simple , and carries an assumption of sensitivity not unlike the Old World assumption that aristocrats were high-strung . In short , stress has become a status symbol . `` Nor does England escape her withering observations . Her thoughts after watching a week 's worth of TV coverage on the death of Princess Diana : `` My saturation viewing helped me make a vital decision . For some time I had been thinking of emigrating to England to bring my nationality in line with my blood , but I have now abandoned the idea . There is no England , just this demi-realm , this scepter 'd loony bin set in a sea of rotting flora , this U.K. of Utter Kitsch where the crud de la crud build teddybear temples to a gilded hysteric who was nothing more than Judy Garland with a title . If I must live in a country where people who once tipped their hats now tip the scales , I might as well stay home and save myself the trouble of learning to look right instead of left to avoid an oncoming hug . My hyphen , right or wrong . `` I like how she summed up her writing efforts in another column : `` Being a writer has made me a lifelong practitioner of no-holds-barred insight , driven by an irresistible impulse to shovel through mountains of received bull to get to the bottom of things . `` It was a said day in 2002 when Miss King wrote her final column and laid down her shovel . But at least with this volume we can keep enjoying all the digging she did.Long live King , the Queen of Mean !
 This is a must have for fans of Florence King . She is the closest thing we have nowadays to H.L. Mencken . These are short columns she wrote for National Review over several years , called `` Misanthrope `` s Corner . '' She is really not misanthropic , but rather one who hates cant and does not suffer fools gladly . They all have King 's characteristic sharp wit and ability to turn a phrase . Ms. King is an agnostic , but she has an almost Calvinistic sense of the fallenness of human nature . There is a cool realism and acceptance of things as they really are . Do-gooders and uplifters get short shrift in her writing . She shares H.L. Mencken 's amusement at the absurdities of modern life and the colorful characters American society comes up with . She also shares Mencken 's individualism and refusal to bend to authority . A few before bedtime should help you go to sleep with a smile on your face .
 Wonderful , wonderful , wonderful.Florence gores every ox , pops every balloon , and steps on every toe.Someone needs to make a daily calender of Florence King quotes .
 There is no doubt that Miss King is a literary genius , but her books contain untruths . I have written her one fan letter every ten years since I was 20 . That is 3 . She has ignored each one . She claims to respond to all friendly and well written letters . I am not the only Southern woman with a passable education , Miss King . My letters were grammatically correct , and I did n't use the dreadful middle initial when I addressed them.Then after ranting herself nearly into an asylum over the ebil ol tax system we have , she abruptly hangs up her pen as soon as she starts sucking from the gubment teats -- i.e. Social Security and Medicare health insurance . So with all due respect , which is none , I say , bah humbug to a fake and a pretentious woman who fancies herself to be an accurate commentator on . . well ... everything . Goodbye Ms. King , I shall not weep o'er thou retirement . You just stay there in that thar apartment hating everybody while I enjoy living in a house -LRB- she is against buying houses , among other very weird opinions -RRB- that is paid for . I do n't need to worry about my SS check arriving in time to pay the rent . And your complete refusal to share pictures of the people you wrote about and made us fall in love with ... You are not a nice person , and you are n't even a lady . A lady may not have to be as giving and sacrificing as Miss Melanie , but I fail to see why sharing pictures of your families ' Most Unforgettable Characters is ladylike , kind , or anything except extremely rude and selfish .
 Florence King is one tough broad
 This story is a wonderfully written fictionalised account of the crimes committed against , mainly , black servant women in the recent post-civil war era in Austin , Texas and , as such , represents something of a departure for its author . Saylor is rightly lauded for his Sub Rosa series featuring first century B.C.E sleuth Giordianus the finder in novels such as Roman Blood . However , this book is also about crimes , and particularly horrible ones at that , and their solutions in the context of a society in which slavery , although technically abolished , is still , effectively , part of the ` mind-set ' of its members , both black and white.The story of the crimes is skilfully interspersed , by Saylor , with that of the renowned short story writer , O. Henry , the nom-de-plume of William Sydney Porter , who lived in Austin at the same time that the murders took place , and also features other prominent contemporaries , such as Elizabeth Ney , the celebrated sculptor of German origin , who sculpted the busts of several Texan notables of the time . But the real strength of the story is the way in which it reveals the ingrained attitudes of the controlling white population towards their black and largely servile ` fellow ' citizens . Moreover , the story illustrates how such attitudes blinded the law enforcement officers of the time to the possibility that the crimes could have been committed by those other than of black African racial origin.As well as the crimes at the book 's core the story , which is told partly in flash-back , is also about first love and the coming of age of a young man grown to middle age as he reflects on his youth and the choices he made when young and inexperienced.The narrative pace is quite slow and suited to the gradual unfolding of the gruesome events that gripped the city at the time and one which is entirely in keeping with a seemingly valid evocation of the pace with which life was then lived . Nevertheless , the deftly drawn , engaging characters , Saylor 's prose and adroit hand at authentic sounding dialogue ensure the reader 's rapt attention from the first word to the last .
 This was a very enjoyable history book , and certainly one of the best books I have every read on Florida history . Though it is filled with facts and dates , it is also full of stories that make colonial St. Augustine come alive . It was also helpful that each chapter is a little story of it 's own which relates to the whole book , but can be read separately . Best of all , the Spanish Inquisition makes an appearance , and nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition .
 A BRILLIANT READ !!!! Easily the most exceptional book on religion , power , and politics in Colonial St. Augustine from the Florida Museum of Natural History . I found it gripping from front page to last . The way St. Augustine came alive , it was like i was really there . This is a must buy for anyone who finds American history thrilling . Genius ! Robert L. Kapitzke is one of the most well versed authors of our time .
 I picked up the book and thumbed through it and became so interested I ordered a copy . It is both scholarly and entertaining . A very worthwhile volume about a fascinating part of American history .
 The book gives a good overview of nuclear arms control treaties throughout the Cold War and after . The various chapters usually have annexes that give very detailed information on the specifics of a particular treaty . For instance , after the chapter on START I , there are almost 30 pages of important dates , treaty definitions , detail on inspection types , et cetera . This way of spliting the explicit details from the treaty overview helps to accommodate more readers . For instance , those just needing a general history and overview can read the chapter itself . Those of us that require the exact definition of `` downloading '' used in START I or the specific limits and sublimits of warheads can refer to the charts and annexes that follow the main chapters.Thomson works for the Los Alamos lab and did write the book from a US perspective , so some issues in the history are subject to US biases . For the most part , this is n't an issue , but potential readers should at least be aware of it.I recommend this book for those that just have an interest in the topic as well as those working in the subject area that need a good reference .
 I decided on a somewhat flippant title for this review after making sure it 's NOT what my father would have said ... But seriously folks , you could well find this book and its exercises a valuable step in the path to getting free of your limitations . The cynic would suppose those limitations to be immutable , particularly when it goes outside the realm of inner change -- but will find his or her realities reflecting that inner change , if pursued with sincerity and at least a partially open mind and heart . But that 's my problem you say ? Read the book and do the work!There is much humor in the book as well , which makes for easier reading . As it is something of an introductory work , and of less than encyclopedic length , one can hardly fault it for not containing everything that might be said on the topics . One area that the book does not discuss , for example , is the potentially equally negative alternative to becoming like one or another parent or relative -- namely , to go completely to the other extreme and become the opposite of that model in every possible respect . One usually encounters this tendency in adolescence , at least , and then moves on -LRB- although enough do n't for the world to be full of 40-something adolescents -RRB- . Of course , many will rankle at the idea that being like their parents is a bad thing , or will be afraid that changing from that model will dishonor them or their memory . But if the model parent was the sort of ideal individual to whom one might properly aspire to emulate , it is likely that he or she would have encouraged a spirit of independence and individuality , and nurtured and cherished its manifestation.All in all , a promising first book .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT . THE DESIGNS ARE ELEGANT AND SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL . THE VINTAGE STYLE IS SUCH A BONUS . MUST HAVE FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVE CROSS STITCH !
 An earlier review of this title was critical of Eric Bergerud 's generalizing about the Vietnam War as a whole based upon his bottom-up analysis of a single province -LRB- Hau Nghia -RRB- . While I agree in principle with that reviewer 's critique , one must add that such generalizations are inevitable and that most readers would be disappointed if DYNAMICS OF DEFEAT did not address the large question of how its findings might apply to the Vietnam War as a whole.Moreover , the earlier reviewer fails to note that most studies of the Vietnam War employ purely top-down analyses based upon what are necessarily generalizations about the course of the war in South Vietnam 's provinces . Since these works depend upon data -LRB- HES scores , PHOENIX ` neutralizations , ' body counts , etc. -RRB- aggregated at the national level -- and subject to deliberate and accidental distortion at many stages as they passed up the chain of command -- one can not rely upon them as a sure indication of what was actually happening in the provinces.In short , we will not be able to build a truly accurate picture of the Vietnam War until we have works like DYNAMICS OF DEFEAT covering many of South Vietnam 's other 43 provinces in similar detail .
 I was highly impressed by this book on Vietnam . It 's a densely written historical account loaded with military of acronyms of the history of the Vietnam war in the strategic small province of Hau Nghia . This former province was located just northwest of Saigon.I think the author really got the war right . His accounts of the US pacification projects , attitudes of the civilian population towards the US military , attitudes of the GI 's towards the rural Vietnamese , anti-colonial nationalism of the Vietnamese , etc. all ring true to my ears . It 's consistent with my experience of 6 months in Vietnam with the 25th and with my subsequent attempts to understand the nature of that very troubling war.I believe the author learned the main lesson of Vietnam very well . There are very real limits to the use of military power . You can not change people 's `` hearts and minds '' with military force . That is ultimately the reason why we lost in Vietnam . We did n't lose militarily , we lost politically . The great majority of Vietnamese saw us as trying to colonize Vietnam -- mistakenly I believe . Vietnam was more of an ideological crusade by the US than a sought after economic prize -- it simply never had the resources . The North Vietnamese Communists , despite all of their massive shortcomings , were largely seen by the rural South Vietnamese as being their nationalistic `` anti-colonial '' liberators . It was a war that we could n't win is the author 's conclusion . I 'm in agreement with him . The South Vietnamese government never achieved any degree of credibility with the rural population -- no matter how many bombs we dropped on their behalf.One wonders if this book might have slowed down our present White House occupant and his band of advisors if they had bothered to read it?Probably not . They are too busy repeating history to take the time to learn anything from it . Maybe all of that oil mesmerized them and all of that old history was simply too boring to take the time to read about .
 The book details many or most of the important dynamics of the war as it took place within a single provice . In the process Bergerud reveals much about what is important to know about the war as a whole.For me personally this is possibly the most important Vietnam book I 've read . This is because it provided me a framework for understanding the war , from the beginning of American involvement to the end , that I still use.For many readers , this could be an important first book to read about Vietnam and America 's relations to it .
 Very detailed read , if you are looking for answers to the 45 year old questions you have , this will help . I recommend Hell In A Very Small Place and The Two Viet Nams , by Bernard Fall to round out your search .
 Bergerud 's initial thesis is that the American intervention in Vietnam was doomed from the start because the South Vietnamese Government lacked legitimacy in the eyes of the South Vietnamese people . The VC , on the other hand , offered the opportunity for a new , democratic system that redistributed wealth and land to the people . They argued , with validity , that the American intervention was basically just a continuation of French colonial rule with the American 's acting as protector.SV citizens would rather fight for that rather then fight to stay the same with American protection.Bergerud said that it did n't matter if the VC had the support of the majority ; most peasants did n't care about the war and wanted to be left alone . However , the VC had a grip on the `` best and the brightest '' of the peasantry , thus finding enough people to accept their beliefs to start a government.I do n't agree with this thesis , but it is very well written and thought out . Without going into too much detail , I feel Bergerud really generalizes from the experiences in Hau Nghia rather then look at SV as a whole . We absolutely could have won the war if 1 -RRB- we shut down the Trail , 2 -RRB- stopped being so afraid of Chinese intervention , the PLA of Korea was not the PLA of the late 60 's , 3 -RRB- Dug into an enclave strategy rather then the flawed strategy of attrition .
 Dr. Gordon 's pioneering book `` Group-Centered Leadership '' was published in 1955 . Later he wrote best selling `` Parent Effectiveness Training , '' highly praised Teacher Effectivess Training and this leadership book . I still believe Gordon is one of the most influential thinkers on the topic of working well with others . His `` No-Lose '' method was later re-invented as the `` Win-Win '' method of problem solving . Learning his active listening method and using it for the past 30 years has been the most valuable tool I 've had in becoming a successful parent , spouse and business person . I 've solved many problems by doing nothing except listen to others . I 've also mediated many crisis situations for global companies and health organizations by teaching and using active listening with those involved in the conflicts .
 Dr. Gordon lays the foundation for successful leadership . His book describes the very basics that must be mastered by leaders who wish to be effective . The L.E.T. tells you how you aquire followers and what turns off your subordinates . He describes listening techniques as no one else has ever done . If you only purchase one book on leadership this should be the one .
 The book gives a thorough discussion on the PRACTICAL implementation of the Transactional Ananlysis `` I am OK , You are OK '' theory.It is therefore a must read if you are into Transaction Analysis or you just want to imporve your leadership skill.Please remember to come back to give this review a vote after you have purchased the book and have read it form cover to cover.P .
 Dr. Gordon lays the foundation for successful leadership . His book describes the very basics that must be mastered by leaders who wish to be effective . The L.E.T. tells you how you aquire followers and what turns off your subordinates . He describes listening techniques as no one else has ever done . If you only purchase one book on leadership this should be the one .
 This book really takes me back to my childhood . Seeing the prices , my only wish is that I had kept some of these pristine in the box rather than building , trading and ultimately losing track of them.The emphasis here is on figure , theme and specialty modles rather than the standard cars and military models . Covering the ' 50 's - ' 70 's ; Sci-Fi , horror , movie , TV and hot rods are the popular subjects here.For each model there is a color photo of the box and sometimes a built model , manufacturer , date , scale and estimated value boxed or built . There is also a brief history of model manufacturing.There are nearly 1000 models here including my favorites , those wacky cars of George Barris and Ed Roth . This is a great guide for the serious collector or someone who just wants to reminisce about those hours of model building fun .
 This beautiful softbound book contains over 600 full color , large , sharp , life-like photos in its 352 pages . Many super photos of the boxes are shown . A brief introduction to the topic is provided . Values are included -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . Topics range from Monsters , Space , Historical Figures , Television , to Freaks , Wild Kingdom , Dinosaurs , Hot Wheels and Gizmos and Gadgets . The `` Spare Parts '' Chapter covers misc . model kits . Collectors will delight with the wide-range of kits shown . Brings back many memories . Enjoy , enjoy .
 Just recieved my copy of Classic Plastic , an excellent color review of plastic kits from the past . Lots of good color photographs with descriptions and prices of each kit shown . This book has a major emphasis on figures , space , and miscellaneous models . Only 40 of the 284 pages are devoted to cars with no listings for aircraft , armor or ships . It 's an excellent book for avid Aurora fans and those of us who grew up with them .
 This is a great guide for anyone who collects kits , and my favorite part of the book is the short bio/backstorys about every kit manufacturer , much more info than wikipedia for sure . Some of the buying and selling areas may be a litte dated , but this is still a great book to add to your library .
 This was a great story of a young English gentleman who initially does not amount to much and fails in most of his endeavors . He goes to the Russo-Japanese war as a reporter and is quickly wounded and spends the war in a hospital . He learns Russian and settles down in Moscow where he melds with the local Russians . He is contacted by British intelligence to report on revolutionary activities . He again fails when he is arrested and sent to Siberia -LRB- not revealing he is British -RRB- . After 15 years he is released and on his way back via the trans-Siberian railroad he assumes the mistaken identity of a Russian Commisar . In the midst of the Red and White army battles , he tries to return to England with a Russian aristocrat who he rescues and falls in love with . Does he make it ? Does he fail again ? How does he survive ? Is his love returned ? Read the book.The descriptions of travel in a box car on the T-S railroad make you shiver . These types of descriptions make the reader fee ! l one with the story .
 Not Hilton 's best , but still somehow a gem.An aimless Englishman poses as a peasant in Revolutionary Russia , & subsequently tries to wander his way back to Western Europe , discovering on the way something more important
 Vanessa Watson offers an in-depth examination of the challenges of planning inclusively in the post-apartheid city . She critically examines how market forces have reinforced the spatial legacies of apartheid , and in many ways worsened the divisions in the city . An good look at the politics of South Africa following the political transition .
 If you 're a history buff , student of history , Basil Davidson is an excellent resource on the African Continent . I 'm rarely disappointed . Warning - cover of our book was not the original - quite disconcerting as it had nothing to do with the subject ! I still gave all stars because the content is exceptional .
 After looking at the book an its layout the recipes an pictures are great
 California is a difficult place to start a business and many that do fail . This book is easy to read , well laid out and takes you from the planning stage through execution of your business plan into handling the early crises of owning and operating your own business . It has helpful forms and contacts in the state of California that you would want and need . I strongly recommend getting it and reading it from cover to cover prior to beginning a business .
 This book is the best on the market - I highly recommend it to all students in high school and college -- and it is a must for every person who writes in business ! It has everything you need to know about professional writing from the sentence to the essay or research paper , as well as resumes and letters . It should be added to the desk collection along with the dictionary and thesarus . I love the way it opens and lays flat ; I love the tabs for easy recognition of sections ; it has large enough print and enough whitespace to make it very easy to read ; it has great explanations and examples , and the MLA section is complete and easy to follow . It even has a section for people who speak English as a second language and are dealing with the special problems related to English . This is a must have book !
 I first purchased this book when I was a freshman in college seven years ago . It is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing I have ever read . I love the plastic tabs that mark each section . This guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section . So for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape , etc using the MLA style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab . I have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college . I really wish I had this book when I was in high school . I highly recommend this book to any high school , college , graduate student or writer . I especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities , I myself have ADD and before I got this guide I could not understand how to write a paper in the MLA style or in any style other than a book report . I promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published .
 I needed to buy this book for a composition class I took in college . It is the best reference book I 've ever bought . It is very easy to read with tabs to quickly find what you are looking for . It has everything you need to know about writing papers , including sentence and paragragh structure , punctuation , subjects , verb usage , MLA and APA styles of writing , and much more . I plan on buying one for both of my kids to use in college . Definitely a good investment .
 I found it very helpful as I was not familiar with APA or other writing styles and took my class online so I had no live instructor to question .
 I first purchased this book when I was a freshman in college seven years ago . It is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing I have ever read . I love the plastic tabs that mark each section . This guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section . So for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape , etc using the MLA style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab . I have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college . I really wish I had this book when I was in high school . I highly recommend this book to any high school , college , graduate student or writer . I especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities , I myself have ADD and before I got this guide I could not understand how to write a paper in the MLA style or in any style other than a book report . I promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published .
 This is a text book that I will not be selling back ! I like the reference style set-up , with tabbed pages . I am sure I will be referring to it throughout the rest of my college courses .
 Wow , I took this class years ago and still have the book ! It 's a great reference for MLA and APA citations .
 I ordered an used copy and received a brand new one . Mistake ? I do n't know . Quick shipment and delivery . For about $ 10 I am very happy with this purchase.I bought it for school , and the content is interesting.I was surprized by the size of this book . It is almost like a pocket book
 This book is a keeper . It is so detailed and easy to use I will find it necessary in so many other classes I have to take . Great investment .
 This book offers a good beginners overview of basic college writing . Unlike many books used as college textbooks , this one is actually worth the price to keep .
 I have had my handbook for a few years and this book has helped me with a bunch of papers for college .
 I do like the book and use it alot for school . The part that I use most is the Directory of Words Cited . Unfortunately , many times the exact type of work to be cited is not listed . For instance , a book with an editor in multiple volumes in an edition other than the first is not covered . Neither is an article from a journal obtained from a database .
 The book was in great condition , a few dirty smudges , but that 's ok . Fast delivery and I was very happy when I got my book .
 This handbook gives you all the information you need to know when writing at college level and above . A must for all writers .
 We just got this book and again it is great . Diane Layton does a great job speaking to little ones about something so very serious and making it understandable . I have loved everyone of her books that we have received . They are wonderful , I wish there were more books like these !
 When I was a child one of my favorite books was Understood Betsy by Ms Fisher . I was looking forward to enjoying her as an adult , but I was blown away by her finely crafted stories , their depth and subtlety . Why is this women not well known ? She is every bit as skillful as Willa Cather , Laura Ingals Wilder , and Louisa May Alcott .
 The street index is hard to read for the over forty crowd . If the font size was 12 , it would have been much easier to read .
 I moved to the Piedmont area a few years ago and wanted to plant our garden with native plants . That 's when I stumbled upon this book . Its great . It has hand drawn pictures of birds , leaves/seeds as well as a small section of color photographs of animals -LRB- mammals , insects -RRB- , plants , habitat . The chapters are as follows : GeographyWeather & ClimateFarmlands -LRB- to include `` animals of Hayfields , animals of pastures , microcommunities -RRB- Plant Succession -LRB- what happens once a farm is no longer farmed , what types of plants grow , the different phases you 're likel to see etc -RRB- Well-drained Soil habitats : The growing forest -LRB- and animals that live there -RRB- The mature forest -LRB- and animals that live there -RRB- Dry soil habitats : The growing forest -LRB- and animals that live there -RRB- The mature forest -LRB- and animals that live there -RRB- Wet Soil habitats -LRB- including flowing water -RRB- : The growing forest -LRB- and animals that live there -RRB- The mature forest -LRB- and animals that live there -RRB- There 's so much more to this book too . It covers the different types of habitats - the plants and animals that you 'd find and does . Our house is on a former farm that grew up into a young woods with a stream running through so it 's been fun to read thrpugh this book and see the different types of habitats and understand more about why they grew up in the way they did and what they experienced 50 years ago.Great resource - highly recommended
 This book is literally a Naturalist 's guide . I ca n't believe there are not more 5 star ratings of this book . As an arborist , birder , and wildlife biologist born in the piedmont I recommend this book .
 This book is essential for anyone like myself struggling with the complexities of those pesky Burmese particles . It is comprehensive , accurate and well-laid-out . The examples are both numerous and well chosen , as well as aimed at users with different language requirements . Given the scarcity of other available resources , this book is simply a must . I hope that the authors will evetually produce a full grammar of Burmese in English , but until then , there is no substitute for this book . Definitely 5 stars .
 I used this resource to supplement my study while finishing my first year Burmese course . This book was quite useful to research the meaning of grammatical constructions since there are numerous combinations and possiblities that are not always easy to determine with a standard Myanmar-English dictionary .
 The book reveals an intelligent and sensitive artist , who succeded , with a special talent , in matching , touchingly , life experience and inner feelings with Umbrian picturesque landscape , so calm and exciting , ancient and peasant . Her pages shed light on what can happen to a wanderer -LRB- the specially gifted female protagonist -RRB- , going abroad and meeting what life arranges for her family and herself . This book informs our hearts about it and makes us to reread landscapes we suppose to know perfectly .
 It would be a mistake to place this book in the same category as that overworked genre - the foreigner who buys and does up a house in Italy or France . Virginia Ryan is married to an Italian , has represented Italy abroad as a diplomatic wife , has 2 Italian-Australian children . Her committment to the country , its history , customs and people show through on every page of this book . This is a year of her life that happens to be set in the hilltown of Trevi , Umbria as she sets out to make a new home and new friends , to begin to practice as an artist again , to help her children with yet another adaptation . She has an easy writing style ; you feel you can trust her observations as she also admits her own shortcomings in settling into her new surroundings.There 's a lot of fun and joy of life in this book . And she KNOWS Italy and Italians , writing from within the culture , not about it.Highly recommended for anyone who wants to dip deeper into the life and spirit of contemporary Italy , with all its paradoxes and pleasures .
 This is an unusually perceptive and open first-hand account of an artist and her family 's move to Umbria . Unsentimental descriptions of their everyday joys and frustrations are counter-pointed by the dramatic upheaval of major earthquakes . Ryan articulates connections between the natural and built environments and the adventure of the self ; between ancient traditions and contemporary creativity . I found it highly engaging - a page-turner . I 'll return to it .
 Virginia Ryan gives what no standard travel book could even approach
 One ca n't help be charmed by Ms Ryan 's observations of rural italian life , in a region where people 's lives , in many respects , appear untouched by time . It is sometimes funny , without being patronizing , and obviously written by a person who loves Italy but does n't see it through rose coloured glasses . A good read .
 I teach religion at a community college and have used this book in my World Religions course for almost 20 years now . The introduction to Buddhism and Zen is not particularly illuminating , but the translations of the stories capture the spirit of Zen better than any other anthology I know . Paul Reps `` Zen Flesh Zen Bones '' has probably been its most serious competitor . Back in the late 1980 's , when shopping around for a book on Zen to use in my course , I narrowed the field to Schloegl and Reps. I found a story both had included about two monks arguing over a flag fluttering in the breeze . One insisted that the flag moved and the other that the wind moved the flag . Then their master intervened . Reps has him say something to the effect that neither the wind nor the flag moves . Mind moves . Very majestic . Schloegl translates the same sentence thus
 This book is an excellent introduction to Zen thinking for the traditional Western mind . Through an easy to understand introduction and explanation , followed by examples of Zen wisdom the reader is started on the path to an understanding of Zen philosophy .
 I stumbled on this book when I searched for a reasonable voice after feeling frustrated by G.S.Kirk 's `` Myth '' and `` The Nature of Greek Myths . '' Kirk sounds so careless in his claims against , and erroneous in his assessments of , the earlier anthropologists that I felt a great need for some rational explanation of his `` attitude . '' There is such an impertinent assertion of individualism and defiance against almost everyone he quotes that it almost renders his books irrelevant to the subject at hand . Not that G.S.Kirk is such a great scholar that I feel obligated to plow through no matter what , it 's just that I happen to be interested in the subject matter that he writes about . But his weird attitude makes me doubt the validity of his views.Of course there could be many reasons behind Kirk 's misbehavior . But I only need one , and I found it after reading Evans-Prithard 's `` Theories of Primitive Religion . '' Apparently the French school of anthropologists -LRB- Durkheim , Levy-Bruhl , etc. -RRB- in the late 19th and early 20th century emphasizes the `` social '' approach and despises the English school 's intellectualist/psychological approach . To the French School anthropologists , the English School made an error in speculating on primitive religion with their own reasoning -LRB- if I were a primitive , I would have thought or felt this way or that way becuase of this or that -RRB- . Furthermore , to these socio-minded French anthropologists , an individual has no choice but to conform to the social customs or collective representations -- just as one has no choice in the language one speaks . This I guess grinds on individualistic minded people such as G.S.Kirk.Unfortunately for Kirk , he was too emotionally involved in defending his individualistic position to form any concerete or logical offence . Evans-Pritchard scored one when he pointed out , very logically , that in the final analysis , Durkheim himself derived the totemic religion -LRB- of the Australian Blackfellows -RRB- from the emotional excitement of the individuals brought together in a small crowd -- exactly a psychological approach which he would have found unacceptable in others ! Evans-Pritchard further pointed out , again very logically , that it is not a long jump from Durkheim 's theory to Trotter 's biological explanation of religion as a by-product of the herd -LRB- gregariousness -RRB- instinct.The book is full of insights such as those mentioned above . As long as you can get over the long winding , broken up sentences that contain these great insights , you are in for a treat .
 Despite being a classic , do n't read this book unless you have to . While it is thought provoking , it 's also boring and not enjoyable .
 THE PLOT OR PREMISE : Esther Breslau is a Jewish immigrant who has found a job working as a photographer in the graft-filled world of 1895 Manhattan . John Tonnerman is an honest cop , a rare commodity on a police-force filled with those on the take and in a city where your innocence depends on the size of your pocketbook.Esther takes a picture during a riot and the thugs notice and come after her . A reporter she 's been working with has the plates but the thugs worry about what he knows and take matters into their own hands to silence him forever.John and Esther try to figure it all out.WHAT I LIKED : The research was impeccable , and the epilogue is a nice touch to separate fact from fiction . The writing is first-rate and the settings are alive with the time . Each image portrays the world of the time , and the reader is transported easily with each page.WHAT I DID N'T LIKE : A couple of small nit-picky points -- there area a lot of characters , which can be a problem to track in mystery stories , but they are sufficiently different here that they do n't run together as much . A few of the characters -LRB- such as the reporter -RRB- were fleshed out a little TOO much , but I 'm assuming part of that was with a view to them showing up in future stories too.THE BOTTOM LINE : One of the best historical mysteries I have ever read , and one of the better mysteries period . 4.50 lilypads out of 5.00 . Other Information : - Source
 OK , this was clearly propaganda , but I do believe the events described herein actually happened . The actual writing is only 30 pages ; the rest are a lot of photographs , many quite gruesome . If you 're interested in Holocaust photography this book is for you , for most of these I have never seen anywhere else .
 I highly recommend this book to anyone who cross stitches . I got it from the library and loved it so much that I purchased it . It has pages and pages of really cute patterns . This would be a perfect book for someone who designs their own samplers or for someone who enjoys stitching smaller designs , even on bookmarks.This one is a keeper !
 This is a wonderful book
 A Stunner of a book covering a wide range of motifs . Clear patterns and the spiral bound binding makes this a ` must have ' for cross stitchers !
 This is just plain fun ! Motifs galore , color coded pages , an index that ca n't be beat , borders abounding . You name it , `` motif-wise '' it 's introduced here , home and garden , flowers with ribbons and streamers , quilt designs , and art nouveau , hobbies and occupations , animals , holidays and many childrens ideas . They are simple but they are delightful and very workable . They even show how backstitch in a certain color will enhance a design . If you are hesitant about mixing color this might be the first book you want because they do that for you . There is a conversion chart at the back of the book so that you can shop for the correct color floss with ease . Just as important , a section for proper preparation and care of your work is included . I learned the hard way that this is critical . A large piece I had just finished was ruined because I took the advice of the kit manufacturer instead of following what I had learned a long time ago about the care of a cross-stitch piece . Trust the authors and enjoy your art .
 Little publicity gained from club pro , other than the infamous club pro 's students who do good . These pros -LRB- male and female now -RRB- are true backbone of the sport , feeding the sport . In this case , Claude Harmon Jr. reflects on his father , famous club pro and player who wore the coveted Green Jacket.One clearly learns of life lessons Butch carried to his life and students from his father . Salient to his father 's remarkable and here documented career is association with Henry Ford and Ben Hogan.There are many gleanings to take from this for golf , for life . Worth read which is personal and honest and passionate , reflecting the author .
 You do n't need to be a golfer to enjoy this book . I 'd been playing golf all of three weeks when this book was loaned to me . The title of the book is apt . The lessons indeed apply both to life and golf . A thoroughly enjoyable read !
 Excellent copy arrived in a timely fashion . A pleasure to do business with .
 This is the type of book I wish I had available growing up . It is a wonderful source of advice on golf and life . Butch blends the right amount of information on his background and famous students along with a touching tribute to his Dad.His is very honest and his stories about Greg Norman and Tiger are fantastic.I was halfway through the book when I had Amazon send a copy to my son away at college .
 If you follow golf you know the name of Claude '' Butch '' Harmon . He 's a household name . But , little did I know about his father 's influence on all his children and friends.Isn ' t it refreshing to see in the age of prima donnas and in the me , me , me world that we get a story about a man who had values of being grounded , down to earth , caring and most importantly , giving . The chapter on `` Do n't Ever Mix Your Ego With Ignorance is classic revelation.This is an exceptional book about the life of Butch Harmon 's father , Claude Harmon and his wit and wisdom on life . I was really touched by this reading . After reading the first chapter you wo n't be able to put it down and after you finish it you 'll be telling yourself what a insightful and profound man this Claude Harmon was.I think the most interesting writing Harmon Jr. shares with us is Claude 's unconditional love , respect , honor , and passion of goodness to other people . This book reads as a tribute to a great man who did his best for his six children and was always there for them . What I loved about reading this was how open and candid Harmon writes about his father ... the prose and memory of what his father said to him as a young child is endearing . The words and claritity Butch writes about feel real and jump off the page into your pysche . it 's as if you really wanted to meet this man , his father , and get to know him.Interesting to note is Claude Sr 's relationship with the legendary Ben Hogan . Hogan and Harmon had a friendship that was very close and unique . You could n't find two more diverse personalities , but Butch Harmon sheds light on Hogan 's caring and sensitive side . A side that never was written about or told.When Hogan visited the ailing Harmon and told him , `` Claude , I just want to tell you that you were one of the best friends I ever had '' it 's a very poignant moment . And when Hogan heard word from Butch that Claude passed away he cries ... these are events we would never expect Hogan to do or say.If you are a golf fan or not , please take time out to read this . You will not only get Claude Sr 's unique life lessons or `` pearls '' as Butch Harmon calls them , but you will get a brutally honest look inside Claude Harmon Sr. and Butch Harmon.I 'm a golfer ... err golf nut ... and have been playing for over 24 years . If I ever had the great honor and privilege to ever take a lesson from the ` great ' Butch Harmon I would have the feeling , realization , and awareness that not only Butch would be looking at my swing , but his special and unforgettable father as well . That 's a testament to the knowledge that Butch gained over the years being with his father and absorbing priceless teaching skills to golfers of any level.Thanks `` Butch '' for a great book .
 Highly recommended book a few super nce stories about one of golf 's lost hero 's the club pro that copeted at international level . And a tribute to a father from his sons .
 I just finished reading this wonderful book and I must say ... when I bought this book , thought it was a biography of Butch . It was my fault for not reading the title correctly , but my money is still worth spent !! Butch 's dad must be the most down to earth and most direct person I 've ever read ... this is n't another how to play golf in a weekend book telling you how to do a proper backswing or try to get a ball out of a bunker ... this is about the lives of Butch growing up with his brothers , with great pros such as Dave Marr , and Ben Hogan and above all , growing up with one of the greatest teaching pros ever , Claude Harmon Sr. . Its very well written -LRB- not like John Daly 's last book -RRB- and Butch speaks from the heart on how his relationship with his dad , his brothers , and the ones he cares about . Claude Harmon is the Dale Carnegie of Golf !!! Would have been a great book for the ages if Butch mentioned the real reason why he and Tiger broke up !! : -RRB-
 I had the pleasure of riding in an elevator with Butch Harmon at a hotel near the PGA merchandise show in Orlando several years ago . I was a little intimidated I must admit , and later realized I was staying on the same floor as Butch . Butch joked with me about the fact that I was wearing a tie on the ride up in the elevator . I did not know how to react I just laughed with him . I am not sure if he knew that I knew he was Butch Harmon . At the time I knew he was Tiger 's coach and knew he was a great teacher of the game . It may not have been clear to him I was staying at the hotel to attend the PGA show . He joked with me and seemed like a great personality . Butch is down to earth and can offer more knowledge about this game than practically any living person . This story is similar to the game of golf . Filled with highs and lows and very humbling . We can all learn a great deal from Butch about golf and life . If I ever see him again I hope to offer him praise and thank him for a great read ! Thank you Butch I really appreciate your story .
 I enjoyed this book tremendously ! Butch Harmon tells it like it is , without pulling any punches ! This is a story that needed to be told ; it really gives us insight into the world of professional golf .
 If you know golf history , Butch Harmon 's father was one of the most famous &#34; old-time &#34; golf professionals , the only club professional to have won the Masters . He was the Head Professional at two of the most famous golf clubs in the country , Winged Foot in the summer and Seminole in the winter . This book is about a relationship between Butch and his father and the &#34; Pearls &#34; that Claude taught his four sons , all of whom became golf professionals at very prestigious clubs . It 's about Butch 's relationships with the players he has taught and how he has used what his father taught him to become one of the top teachers in the U.S. and maybe the world . If you like golf , you 've got ta read this book .
 I have two sons so I was very interested in hearing how Claude Harmon raised his four boys . It seemed he was very harsh with them , encouraging competition between them and at times belittling them . I 've worried sometimes about being too demanding with my sons . But after reading this book I began to feel that , in the long run , it is a good thing . Some of the Harmon boys went through intense periods of rebellion but they all seemed to honor family above all else.Now , about golf . A book like this made me realize all I have to learn in playing golf . I 'm a 9 handicap but this showed me that there is a world of knowledge to learn about this sport . And yet , Claude Harmon would also continually return to the basics of grip , allignment and balance . I think I will play better golf and enjoy it more after reading this.One note
 The Pro ; I though it was a very good read , It ; s nice to know about others , and how they were able to get started.Playing lessons ; I did not carefor at all .
 This book has changed my whole perspective of praise and worship . Even the historical view of the tabernacle in connection with the new testament today , has really taught me alot . After reading this book , my praise and worship has never been the same . Sometimes I wish I had the knowledge that I have gained from this book , a long time ago ; just maybe I would have been at a higher level than I am right now in praise and worship . This book is truely an eye opener to the gates of freedom and the power that comes through praising God and worshipping God . While reading this book , I could have literally sensed the presence of God and the anointing , taking me into a new level of praise and worship . I wo n't tell you everything about the book , but one thing I could say is that it is necessary for anyone to read it . I am telling you , the level of your praise and worship would go higher and you would never be the same again . Get your book `` gates of freedom '' NOW !
 This book is excellent for anyone in ministry , from lay member to Apostle or Pastor . Anyone who is a musician/minstrel in the Kingdom of God should have one . It is also a great text for teachers of praise & worship . This book should be read by anyone who wants an understanding of praise & worship in the church . It 's for those who love it too !!
 In this extremely useful book for understanding the poetry of Wallace Stevens , Lensing effortlessly traces the poet 's life and development as those were important in determining the sort of writer Stevens would become . Many Stevens poems are explicated in terms of their original context , and a lot of fascinating information is provided about the nature of the poetry `` establishment '' of the early 20th century , and how important such sponsorship and networking was for Stevens ' emergence as a major voice.This book deserves much more attention from Stevens fans that it seems to enjoy . It is very well written , a work of erudition and scholarship that avoids the all of the pedantry and other typical negatives of its genre . If you 're a reader of Stevens , this is a book well worth owning .
 It is unusual for a commanding officer to write a biography of one of his subordinates , but that is just what General Kenney has done . Written in the early 1960s , this book provides a real glimpse at what life was like for fighter pilots in the Pacific theatre of WWII . Even better , it tells the story of our leading ace , Dick Bong . I only wish Kenney had gotten around to writing a biography of Tom McGuire , our second leading ace and a totally different personality than Bong.Find this book and read it .
 I love the book by George C. Kenny who in my opinion apart from Claire Chennault was one of the greatest air generals of World War II.The only reason why I gave it four stars was because there were a few things that General Kenny did not talk about a few things about Bong . I read the book Jungle Ace about Gerald Johnson and discover that Bong had lost three wingmen in three months and Bong swore that he would never fly with a wingman again . In the book , 49th Fighter Group by William Hess , I found out that Bong 's aircraft was hit a few times in a number of engagements by the Japanese .
 This is a first edition book from 1960 and I must say that I was very pleased of the exceptional shape it is in . It arrived quickley as promised . This was a great buy !
 Romola is constantly called Eliot 's weakest novel , with even serious critics reluctant to praise it . However , it was seen in the 19th century as Eliot 's masterpiece . Some of the blame for the novel going out of fashion must rest with F.R. Leavis who said that `` few will want to read Romola a second time , and few can ever have got through it once without some groans . '' If Leavis , viewed as one of the great literary minds , thinks this , then more average readers like us are bound to be put off.True , the start of Romola is bogged down in detail , but it is introduced by a wonderful , stirring and majestic ` Proem ' which sees the Angel of the Dawn sweeping across the Earth and loftily states how humanity is the same now as it was when Romola is set . After this , the notes are best ignored - consult them separately , and concentrate on getting into the book . It is a stirring and sometimes hard read , and moves one with awe at what Eliot has created - you really feel you are experiencing Florence in the 15th century . There is one scene that stands out for me - the haunting and almost surreal episode where Romola drifts by boat to an apparent coastal haven . Images of peace and life are reversed disturbingly.So ignore Leavis and the dissenters . If you 've read another Eliot , you 'll like it . If you have n't , maybe start with something else , but come back , for it 's a rewarding read
 George Eliot spent two years preparing `` Romola '' , and the result is a rich , densely detailed `` Tale of the Renaissance '' . Never a facile writer , here she is concerned with one of the most intellectually challenging -LRB- not to mention politically complicated -RRB- periods in history ; and she paints the panoply and power struggles as a background for the personal tragedy which is the novel 's crux . While not an `` easy read '' in the Sir Walter Scott sense , `` Romola '' presents in sumptous detail the banquets , the festivities , and the famous bonfire of vanities that one associates with late 15th Century Florence.But from a purely literary viewpoint , the most important thing about the book is its delineation of Tito Melema , the young man who in the opening chapters is the story 's hero , but slowly , irrevocably becomes its villain . Neither Sir Walter nor Charles Dickens has psychological insight -LRB- in the modern sense -RRB- as sharp as George Eliot 's , and this study of a fictional character 's downfall is one of the most stunning depictions of corruption in English literature . That he is the husband of the heroine , a sensitive , finely sensual woman , makes the tragedy all the more poignant . Scenes involving historical characters -LRB- including Savonarola and Machiavelli -RRB- tend to be a little stiff in costume movie style . Oh , and because the story takes place in the 1490 's , one must imagine the Piazza della Signoria without Michelangelo and Cellini . This must really have frustrated a connoisseur like George Eliot .
 Given the majority of Eliot readers begin with Middlemarch , I found myself in the unique position of not only beginning with Romola , but also on a subject that I find most interesting . That of Renaissance Italy . Beginning at the death of the great Lorenzo di Medici in '92 I read this great novel twice . Once quickly as any other Twenty-First century paperback ; the second , slowly , with more respect for the intellectual scope within the pages.After the first attempt I was mildly disappointed . I came away with no true sense of the whole that is fifteenth century Florence and a bewilderment at the inconsistent central characterisation of Tito Melema and his golden-haired wife , Romola . The supporting actors were brilliant , from Fra Girolama 's fantatical Catholicism to Bratti 's salesmanship . But I was left disappointed , believing in the superficality of Tito , the maddening naivety of Tessa , and the almost puritanical martyrdom of Romola.So I re-read it . Slowly.It is now extremely clear why this great work of english literature is , as Eliot herself puts it , a `` book of mine which I more thoroughly feel that I swear by every sentence as having been written with my best blood '' . Each scene is mesmerically depicted , the infintesimal attention to details and Eliot 's total control of her subject matter shines through.Renaissance Florence was n't so well depicted by its contemporaries.From Tito 's waking at the Loggia de ' Cerchi to his final fall at the Ponte Vecchio his character moves through a full range as you would expect from a man in his early twenties . His child-like mesmerism coupled with his Greek tutorage gives rise to a cherubic man whom Florence loves . His fatal flaw is his desire for love and a single terrible lie he gives that , like Murphy 's Law , evolves into a a stigma that alters his very persona . What is all the more damaging is that you truly believe he is unaware of the pain he causes . He is truly egocentric , in an almost blameless way . For Romola , you cold argue the opposite . Indeed she is potentially more culpable . Her fierce intellectualism is offset by a descent into a world of religious supersition , a world where religion is used as a political tool . Throughout she has the knowledge of where her actions will take her and a terrible sense of duty and restrains her . From the beginning , with the story we hear so often of Tito 's escape from drowning , to his final near drowning at the hands of the mob , to his strangulation by his father there is a certain bitter justice until all that he leaves is his proud and world-scarred wife Romola and the innocence that he preserved with Tessa . Tito 's move from innocent ` hero ' to startled villain is an excerise in human failings . Yet it is not a sufficient single human tragedy , as Eliot says , `` Florence was busy with greater affairs , and the preparation of a deeper tragedy '' . In many respects ` Romola ' is Eliot 's King Lear . The parallels are many , including Baldessare 's depiction . There is no Edgar , nor Edmund but the Fool is here in many guises . In taking one of Shakespeare 's finest themes , Eliot has given true life to fifteenth century Florence and it is , perhaps , best encapsulated by Romola 's final statement to Tessa 's son , Lillo : `` There was a man to whom I was very near ... who made almost everyone fond of him , for he ws young , and clever , and beautiful ... I believe , when I first knew him , he never thought of anything cruel or base . But because he tried to slip away from everything that was unpleasant , and cared for nothing else so much as his own safety , he came at last to commit some of the basest deeds - such as make men infamous . `` So , Eliot 's ` Romola ' . Read it , delight in it because it truly is , as the author can rightly claim , one of the finest works in english literature .
 Yes , it bristles with Glossaries and Appendices and Notes like so much barbed wire . -LRB- And if you actually read the Penguin editor 's introduction , it 's a sure thing you 'll never read the novel
 Romola was a difficult book to read . If I did not happen to be on a business trip that left me long hours on seemingly endless international flights , I doubt if I would have had the perseverance to stick with it . In writing this book , Eliot spent six months in exhaustive research on fifteenth century Florence , and she is going to give it all to you whether you like it or not . This made it difficult to enjoy because I was constantly going to the back of the book get the translation of Italian and Latin phrases , reference to obscure historical characters , and other minutia which would only be clear to someone with a doctorate in Italian history . I was frustrated by this throughout the book . Having said that , the book is worth the wade ! As always Eliot 's writing is a pure joy to read . Some of her description is so beautiful that I have to step back in wonder that someone can create narrative so rich and inviting . Her characters are complex , intriguing and well developed . First , Tito was the most original antihero I have run across in years
 Funny how Eliot 's least-loved novel today was the author 's personal favorite and her best seller during her lifetime . How did it slide into relative obscurity ? Partly because Eliot 's acknowleged forte is her depiction of rural life in Victorian England , whereas this novel is set in a large Italian city -LRB- Florence -RRB- during the Renasaissance . Also , the novel does bog down a bit in its own scholarliness , as nearly every reviewer has mentioned . Still , the innumerable references to prominent Florentines can be glossed over without losing much . As for the urban setting , Eliot 's Florence is every bit as vivid as Dickens ' London , or Dostoevsky 's St. Petersburg . And , of course , every page is filled with Eliot 's trademark wisdom.For anyone who cares about great books , all seven of Eliot 's novels are absolutely mandatory . So , by all means start with `` Adam Bede '' or `` Middlemarch '' , but do n't neglect `` Romola . `` A word about the Konneman edition
 When one starts reading a Victorian novelist , one prepares before hand to face a certain amount of wooden , heavy-handed moralizing , as every great narrative of the epoch is fraught with the opposition between the calls of pleasure and the calls of duty , between seeking for one 's private advantage and sticking to one 's role , with the writer making the latter to win overwhelming . This novel is no different , in that it 's the dutiful Romola that has the upper hand over her nice and debauched husband Tito Melena in the end . However , the novel being set in late Renaissance Italy - a country with which George Eliot had an enduring love affair - it captures the atmosphere of the time and place in such a beautiful way that this enormous , throughly reserched historical novel has such a flowing , luxurious style that takes an almost liquid quality , like a fresh , transparent scream flowing along a summer Mediterranean landscape . Also , in the person of Savonarola , Eliot menaged to introduce the figure of the idealist turned evil through his attachment to his call . In short
 I loved this book ! Set in fifteenth century Florence , Romola explores the deep recesses of the soul . Renaissance Italy with its political/religious conflicts , intellectual , pursuits , artistry and pageantry are all beautifully protrayed throughout Eliot 's magnificent love story . Deceit , greed and selfishness are artfully displayed against the purity of a nobel soul which knows no compromise . Romola , the book 's main character is a study in virtue , while Tito her husband has but the veneer of goodness . Tito falls forever because of one lie . This is a book to read slowly and savor .
 A book with unforgettable characters - in Tito who demonstrates the degeneration of the soul in the pursuit of money and an ideal character in Romola who personifies duty . This book characterizes George Eliot 's concept of truth . Truth according to her is not only what is real , but also , what should be . Another character who fascinates is Savonarola - we see him as a human being , with strengths and weaknesses . And Eliot teaches us to be like Romola - to appreciate the good in a human being instead of damming him completely . Along with true to life characters , ideal characters , historical characters , also a superb depiction of rennaisance Italy . Whatever critics say about ` Romola ' being the least readable of all Eliot 's books , it remains her most idealistic work which makes one feel deeply , and want to emulate the good . Hence , a great classic which is enjoyable and which sets you thinking about your own inadequacies .
 Romola is a dense , compelling historical novel by the master of English fiction , George Eliot . Although this book is a bit slow going at first , the true-to-life characters and the towering themes make the reader 's efforts more than worthwhile . Like the great film `` Kiss of the Spider Woman , '' this novel deals with love , betrayal , parenthood , revenge , greed , spirituality , religion , and deceit , in ways that seem remarkably modern . I read it three times !
 In my opinion , this is a must-read for anyone who has ever been to Florence . I read it while there for three months on a study abroad program and loved it . If I had never been there or had no knowledge of the history of the city , the novel would n't have been as interesting . It is hard to believe that it was written in the 19th century and not during the renaissance as an eye witness account . Elliot 's knowledege of Florentine history and her use of real historical characters in the text is amazing . The story starts off very slow at first but then sucks you in . It seems to keep getting more and more dramatic and then concludes with a very satisfying ending .
 &#34; Romola &#34; is a good novel by a great and supremely intelligent novelist . The Renaissance Italy background is fascinating . Though not Eliot 's greatest novel - that would be &#34; Middlemarch &#34; - &#34; Romola &#34; is extremely rewarding .
 Romola was engrossing and , of course , very well-written . I 'm even inspired to find out more about a historical period that 's not really one of my favorites .
 Romola was published in `` The Cornhill '' magazine in 14 parts from July 1862 to August 1863 . It is George Eliot 's foray into the realm of historical fiction made popular by the earlier novels of Sir Walter Scott . Eliot is a great English novelists known for such classics as Adam Bede ; The Mill on the Floss ; Felix Holt ; Middlemarch -LRB- her masterpiece -RRB- , Scenes of Clerical Life and Daniel Deronda . Romala is the only novel she wrote not set in the British Isles . It is her least popular and known work though she considered it her favorite . The book is lengthy and intricate in its recounting of the life of the title heroine Romola in fifteenth century Florence . The major players are : Romola Bardi
 This is the best book for digital design . Covers CD-ROM , Websites , DVD and Kiosks . Great inspiration . This is not a how-to book neither a lots-of-text book . It 's perfect for web designers who want to create and innovate web graphics .
 this book has a very rich content on the cutting edge of multimedia design . I really appreciate the CD ROM with related web sites
 Here , with English and Spanish side-by-side , is a landmark collection of Puerto Rican verse .238 pp , Prologue , Bibliographies.TABLE OF CONTENTS HIGHLIGHTSPart One
 I really should have given this book 4 stars but the only other reviewer seems to hate it -LRB- being forced to read a book can really suck all the fun out of it -RRB- . Monica Hughes is an amazing writer who has written tons of books for kids and young teenagers . I have read almost every one of her books and even when the story itself did not especially appeal to me I could never put down any of her books . Some of her best are Invitation to the Game -LRB- SciFi -RRB- , Devil on my Back -LRB- SciFi -RRB- , The Promise -LRB- Fantasy -RRB- , Seven Magpies -LRB- girl 's boarding school in scotland , mabey historic fiction ? -RRB- . Monica Hughes has written children/teen fiction in many genres and almost always pulls of a great book . The story of The Ghost dance Caper is somewhat lacking . It is about a native Canadian boy in the 20th century who wants to preform an act of bravery -LRB- it 's some sort of initiation tradition -RRB- . It has been a while sence I read this book and it dose not stand out in my mind as an amazing book but I do remember reading it late into the night -LRB- a tribute to Ms. Hughes suspencefull writing -RRB- . In short Monica Hughes is an exelent writer . The Ghost Dance Caper is worth reading but I recomend Ms. Hughes other books more .
 Potok , a master of the written word and an accomplished artist , recreates New York `` ghetto-life '' and makes it live through the eyes and life of a young boy growing up in New York between the two World Wars . The sensitive reader will experience unthinking hate , intolerance , love , intellect , and most of all , the perserverance of the human spirit -- a vividly painted portrait of human existence and spirituality .
 The book is vintage Potok
 I just finished reading this book . I am a devout Catholic involved in Scriptural studies and began realizing how much of what I believe was a gift from the Jews . This book has been on my shelves for a decade or more . I picked it up at the last minute before going on a two-week trip . I looked forward to reading it every evening . It spoke to me like few books have . It explained much about the thinking of Jewish scholars on the Torah , and what the Talmud is . I heartily recommend it to any one on a spiritual journey , whatever your faith .
 Chaim Potok 's `` In the Beginning '' is excellent - very well detailed and true to life . The only issue I had with it is some of the Jewish terminology is hard to understand for non-Jewish readers , but that is not a big deal . After all , that 's what dictionaries and the internet are for , to learn new words ! All in all , I enjoyed learning about this point of history from the actual Jewish point of view , not just from the Allies who `` helped '' the Jews . I would definitely recommend this book .
 This book gives a great look into the Jewish mindset of the early 1900s . A must read for any young Bible student .
 Averse to books -LRB- and movies -RRB- with gratuitous sex and violence ? Try Chaim Potok . His books tend to honor the gentle , sensitive intellectual -LRB- see Elaine Aron 's writings on highly sensitive people -RRB- . In this book , you follow the childhood of David Lurie , a Jewish boy growing up in 1930s and '40s Bronx -LRB- New York -RRB- . An early injury leaves him physically weak and vulnerable to teasing , but his scholarly talents , vivid imagination , and tight-knit community allow him to grow into a fine young adult with the courage to forge his own way , even when that means challenging some of the religious values of his family and friends .
 Excellent study of what it means to be a Jew in America circa 1929-1947 , told through the eyes and dreams of a youth who becomes a young man.Also , an exploration of the angst caused by separating yourself , however gently , from the ideas and expectations of your people and your family.Read this book .
 I became addicted to Haim Potok 's writing . Once I finish one of his books , I ca n't help it - I buy a new one . Amazing story-teller !
 I guess the charm in this book for me lies in the fact that I was ill very often when I was young . The main caracter , David Lurie , has the same problem . The only remark I have is that the author seems to forget that when ill you are not very productive , but hey , the main caracter is intelligent and well-balanced and since I can relate to him I really enjoyed the book . Furthermore the irony in is book is just as it should be , and then I 'm not referring to what the irony is about ! A great read !
 Here I am , a conservative Christian lawyer in a small town in Michigan , writing about a Hasidic-born Jewish writer . Seems incongruous , and yet ... My one and only meeting with Dr. Potok occurred in 1975 , while I was one of two * goyim * attending Jacob Hiatt Institute in Jerusalem , a study center maintained by Brandeis University . I was fascinated by his talk , and went out and bought `` My Name is Asher Lev '' and devoured it . Interestingly , Dr. Potok 's visit coincided with classes on Biblical History taught by Dr. Chaim Tadmor from Hebrew U - which interested me so much in scientific Biblical criticism that I added a religion major when I got back to my college , and immersed myself in that discipline . `` In the Beginning '' is , in my estimation , probably the most honest of Dr. Potok 's books . It holds particular synchronicity for me , having been published in 1975 , the same year that I began to learn about its core issues and the same year that I met him . The main character , David Lurie , is forced to confront both his growing awareness of scientific Biblical criticism , and its value , and the insistence of the world around him that he is rejecting all that they hold dear . He is given a choice between truth and isolation , or the society of those he holds dear and ignoring that truth . In the end , Dr. Potok 's picture of `` watering the roots '' of religious faith is a powerful image , especially for someone who understands exactly what the book is talking about.The book is longer than the three preceding it , and more complex ; but it 's issues are more easily understood by even a non-Jewish audience . It is a valuable and significant read ; and one in which I gradually understood that Potok , like so many others , actually writes for the `` dysfunctional '' among us , those who feel isolated by family issues , substance abuse or tragedy , and yet somehow feel that we have some belief , talent or substance that we can say the world does not recognize , but that allows us to hold off the feeling of insignificance - that the more we are opposed , the more we think we are actually special . In the hands of demagogues or opportunists , this results in conspiracy theories , dreck like `` Chariots of the Gods '' , or even well-written and attractive , yet completely fictional and inaccurate , stuff like `` The Da Vinci Code . '' In the hands of Ann Coulter or Ted Rall , this encourages paranoid isolation from rational discourse on both the left and the right . In the hands of Potok , this is none of the above , but a compelling examination of the human spirit .
 This is a very good book , like most of Potok 's other works , it is centered around a Jewish adolescent , -LRB- orthodox , of course -RRB- coming of age and learning how to interact with his parents.This book was , in some ways , a departure from Potok 's earlier works about Hasidism . This takes place before THE CHOSEN , and MY NAME IS ASHER LEV , and has barely any mention of the `` pious ones '' , save for the character 's father voicing his distaste for them.This is the story of every typical jewish kid in NYC in the between-war-years , -LRB- with the exception of the constant illness this caracter is afflicted with -RRB- and for that , it is very successful.Reading this , for me , was invaluable in doing genealogy research on my family . This helped me get in the `` mindset of the time '' . My family , like the family of the main character , had come over , had children , and then watched their relatives get killed in Europe , and this gave me a very good sense of what it was like , from the American viewpoint.It showed how the Americanized Jews dealt with the problems in Palestine , how Jews and gentiles interacted , all the while with Henry Ford and Father Couglin taking up arms against them -LSB- the Jews -RSB- . It also showed how they responded to the early Nazism in 1930s Germany , and then what happened when they learned the awful truth.Like most of Potok 's main characters , this one is involved in Torah and Talmudic study , so non-jews and secular ones , BEWARE
 This book gave me new insight into the lives of Talmud Scholars , their deep and detailed exploration of the oldest , yet most vital book of human history . Behind the setting of David Lurie 's genius , I found myself wondering why gentile Christians did not ask for Talmud scholars as `` bible study '' teachers . Their training in asking and answering the mystery questions is a 100 times better developed in their first years , than our ministers find in seminaries ! As I see it , David 's quest for answers in the light of present day knowledge was only the beginning to answering the ignorance or incompetence of my gentile Christian teachers . Could not put this book down !! I recommend it to all .
 Chaim Potok often writes about the conflicts of pursuing your dreams when everyone else is trying to derail your efforts . Although Chaim Potok revisits this theme in several of his books , he has something new to say each time . Each story he crafts makes you feel you actually know these characters even though his characters may come from a culture totally alien to the reader . Chaim Potok writes about the Jewish people in such a way that we are reminded that we have more things in common with each other than differences . I keep talking about all this mumbo jumbo when I should just say this is among Chaim Potok 's best stories . It ranks right up there with `` My Name is Asher Lev . & quot
 Never before have I ever read something so influential , so vividly drawn before me . I am a huge fan of Potok , and after reading Asher , Promise , Chosen , and Davita , this obscure novel that barely comes up in Borders search is my favorite . It is a shame to see it is widely ignored.Potok is a genious , and one can understand this brilliant man in this book . He is able to create a person , a character , that seems life like . You want to jump in the book to hug him , to stop him , or to help him . It is an impossible book to put down , and by far the best book I have ever read . He is the best author I have ever read.I recommend this book to everyone . Everyone could use a little of Danny in their lives .
 I 've never encountered a novel structured exactly like this one . The details given in the first 4/5ths of its length led a reader to believe In The Beginning was a story about a brilliant young Jewish boy and his family , their life in America , where the boy and his brother where born to recent Polish emigrants , and of the determined struggle this family undertakes , not only to establish their lives in the United States , but to honorably aid numerous Jewish families who wish to leave Poland and settle in New York . As the story of this family , the novel served a detailed , well-written tale that gave terrific insights into the psyche and values of east-European Jews in the early twentieth-century . The family thrives in the US in the prosperous 1920 's , though the pre-school-age David is sadistically bullied by anti-Semitic local boys , and he lives to piece together the whispered secrets of his father 's conduct as a one-time militant activist among Jews in the `` old country . '' We follow this family into the Great Depression , when its fortunes declined , into World War Two , where its newly-discovered prosperity is scant comfort as its members learn of the Nazis ' cruelty to family and acquaintances they left behind in Europe.However , like a magician dealing out a slight of hand trick , Chaim Potok revealed the true story only at the very end of In The Beginning -- and all else that came before this point was merely establishing the stage for the final act and a statement he wished to make on the subject of faith , reason , and evidence . The central character , David Lurie , due to his intellectual brilliance the shining star of his local school , stuns his family , friends , and classmates , by laying aside his Orthodox upbringing and upon college graduation becoming a secular Biblical scholar . Lurie announces his newfound conviction that the Torah was not given by G-d to Moses on Sinai , but was authored by numerous Jews across an indefinite time period , long after Moses ' death . To Lurie 's parents this is an act of unmitigated treason to all that is holy and life-sustaining in their world . That their much-loved eldest son , their pride and great hope , should plan to write skeptical books on this topic , and thereby `` sin by making others sin '' is crushing to them one and all . And only at the extreme conclusion of this 430 page novel is this revealed when beforehand a straightforward plot about Jews reacting to a changing world was what we had been lulled into expecting . The earlier tale of David 's health struggles , his father 's rise and fall , the immigration movement , and even at the end the horrors of Nazi Germany , all of that I found was Potok 's subterfuge to sneak in an ending so different from what the deliberately-paced novel seemed to prepare us for that this work almost deserves to be spoken of as having some sort of twist at its shocking ending.As always , Potok wrote well here and his characters and the setting were magnificently accomplished , but I was left feeling I had read two different books , one a family tale , the other a dissertation on modern Talmudic scholarship . I also strongly felt that the characters at the end , while bearing the same names they had 300 pages earlier , were not exactly the same ones I had been reading about as they advanced thru twenty harsh years in their lives . I also have read that this book is slightly autobiographical , so that deserves to be pointed out . This is a good book but it is slow-moving and spends much of its time inside David 's head and the pseudo fantasy world which he inhabits , so be prepared for that . I also wish Potok had written a sequel , as he did with The Chosen . I ended up saying , `` Yes , and what happens next ? '' Sadly , we 'll never know ...
 Among Potok 's fantastic novels , this one stands above the rest in it 's moving intellectual and emotional sincerity and honesty . In a way it is unfortunate that this book was not his debute novel instead of The Chosen , since the greatness of this book seems to get lost behind his more well known titles like My Name Is Asher Lev.Perhaps it is fitting that I should love so much his most obscure title considering this book 's power is in the understanding Potok has of the quiet genius no one seems to understand , yet who struggles so desparately to try to understand the world and his place in it . His brilliance brings him suffering . At the climactic confrontation between David and his father , I sobbed . You just do not know unless you live it . How many quiet geniuses are there to identify -- and fall in love -- with this book?And perhaps it is this identification and the fact that his novel 's are so autobiographical -LRB- Potok did indeed `` live it '' -RRB- that I felt such a profound loss at Potok 's death on July 23 , 2002 . For as long as I am able to read , for as long as there are printed pages I will love him through his books . Thank you , Dr. Potok , so much for Ilana Davita , for Asher Lev , for Danny and Reuven , but thank you especially for David Lurie . He has shown me a beginning ...
 Beautiful , well crafted novel about a young man discovering himself as an individual separate from his father , his teachings , and his family . As in `` The Chosen . '' Potok is a master at making the reader excited about learning for its own sake . Unlike `` The Chosen '' , this is a far slower , deeper , and ultimatly moving story . Prepare yourself for the slow pace , but jump in . It 's worth it .
 I too have read the more well known books of Potok . I picked up this one at a used book sale . This book is somewhat different from the others in that it it goes deeply into one characte 's thoughts and emotions . One could label the book slow , but I did n't find it that way . I found the story of David Lurie 's mother to be by far the most painful to read . As a reader , we are given only bits and pieces of this woman 's very broken heart . Perhaps it 's a sign of a wonderful writer that every character in this book seemed to warrant a book of his or her own .
 This is a beautiful story ; it is my very favourite book . I love it with all my heart .
 The movie industry in India is the world 's largest . Steve Derne 's book takes this idea and runs with it , using the film industry as a lens for focusing on Indian men 's ideas about gender . It 's a commonplace that , while people might not talk about their personal attitudes with a stranger , they are more than willing to discuss similar issues in their favorite films , and thus this report -LRB- as the very good previous review shows -RRB- reveals some surprising insights about how Indian men perceive the construction of masculinity.This book , unlike many sociological texts , is both scholarly and readable , and would make a good addition to undergraduate or graduate courses in area and gender studies . Highly recommended .
 This thin book explain modern finance methods in a concise way , and is useful for both financial and real investment applications . The book is divided into four chapters , with lots of exercises at the ending of each chapter . In contrast with most other texts , this one frequently uses Laplace transformations to solve the differential equations -LRB- used also in Cox & Miller , 1965 , a book about stochastic processes -RRB- . The first chapter is an overview of stochastic processes -LRB- arithmetic and geometric Brownian , mean-reversion , jump process -RRB- , stochastic tools -LRB- Ito Lemma -RRB- , and correlations between two stochastic process -LRB- see the table at p. 16 , for a summary of multiplication for differential variables -RRB- . In the second chapter , the frequently occurring differential equations is presented , which has the same general format in financial derivatives problems , and also important questions such as the homogeneity of these equations , the discount rate for the assets -LRB- showing that the solution is of the same form in risk-averse and risk-neutral economies -RRB- , and an introduction of recursive techniques in asset valuation is also presented.The third chapter explain the arbitrage principle with applications for asset valuation . European and American options are analysed , and the `` smooth pasting '' -LRB- or `` high contact '' -RRB- optimal condition is presented for the American one.The last chapter deals with optimal as a maximation of present values , first with the time-homogeneous problem -LRB- a infinitely lived asset or project -RRB- , followed by extensions
 Very intuitive in explaining the basic concepts and the fundamental and widely used methods in continuous-time finance . No deep background in math is required to have a good grasp of this book . I believe it is intuition rather than fancy skills that is important to build up interest and passion for studying a hard topic such as continuous-time finance .
 This book starts with the history of Koichi Tohei Sensei , who developed and bring his knowledge about KI to our world . Though I was looking for a text book on KI what I found was a book that has summaries of practical KI for our daily life . The most impressive thing is the fact that relax and calmness is the key to a great strength . Book allows you to see that anyone can learn and apply KI .
 My Tai Chi teacher suggested I read this book to broaden my understanding of Ki -LRB- or Chi -RRB- . This book is easy to understand and unlike many books on this subject removes the shroud of mystery concerning Ki . Tohei 's mastery of Ki shows through in his clear explanations and insights .
 Read this book . Anyone and everyone will benefit of William Reed 's finest work.I spent over 10 years in the Orient learning martial arts . This book captures the true and universal essence of ki .
 This book give a brief story about Koichi Tohei Sensei , who developed and bring his knowledge about KI to our world.Within this book you will find summaries in practical KI for our daily life.The most impressive thing is the fact that relax and calmness is the key to a great strength .
 This is a very interesting book describing KI and how anyone can use it for various applications in life . Anyone would be happy with this book .
 If you desire to go beyond personal branding and leave a more powerful signature on your work and others , Dianna Booher can show you how . The book is organized around an easy to understand sports parable , but the simplicity of the structure belies the tremendous insights and ideas within . You 'll be reminded of some things you already know -LRB- but may have forgotten -RRB- and get some fresh ideas for how to truly influence and impact others in the workplace . Dianna is a prolific author who continually creates new gems in her work .
 `` A problem defined is a problem solved . '' This quote from the book boils the premise down to the bottom line . Booher gives solid , practical , Biblical answers to the rhetorical , usually sarcastic question , `` What 's your problem ? '' The basketball metaphor throughout the book did three things
 An inspiring and thought-provoking book for people from all career paths . No matter what your stage in life , Booher realigns your thought process about your career . She reminds us of how our personal values can shine through in our daily work , something we often overlook . This book is an important read for helping you to lead a more fulfilling life both professionally and personally .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the lessons I learned from `` Your Signature Work . '' It is a concise , focused and practical correlation of issues and interests that seem important today to those issues and interests that will leave a legacy for all of eternity . Thank you for your insight .
 `` A great book that motivates you to reflect on your current life and challenges you to be and do better . It made me wonder what people at my funeral would say to each other about me and the inpact I had on them , others , my profession and my community . It challenged me to take `` my game '' of life up another notch to live my life in a way that I can be proud of my signature work . ''
 Those most likely to read this book will be those who are basically good people and they want to be even better . This book will help them . Those who Should read this book are all people who need a shot in the arm , a feeling of hope , a renewed sense of self confidence . This book will transform them!Dianna Booher is a unique thought leader in the field of personal and professional growth . She not only knows and lives the concepts , she also fully understands the steps to take . And she shows the rest of us the paths in her many wonderful works . The sports metaphor used to structure the book gives it a refreshing and memorable flow . You will love the book and like yourself even better after reading it .
 A few minutes with this book and you will recognize the wisdom of the author and her beautiful writing style . Should be a best seller in the secular and religious categories . You 're gon na love it !
 Dianna Booher challenges the reader to perfecting their ` Signature Work ' as a means of service and influcence personally , and professionaly . Excellent !!
 Dianna Booher has written a classic . Relating our work to the game of basketball , Booher uses metaphors that makes her points simple to understand , yet profound to integrate in our lives . The result is a powerful book that transcends the multitude of `` self help '' books that clutter the marketplace . Booher 's work is a book about excellence and influence that will become an excellent influence on your life ... as it has been on mine . Buy it ... read it . . grow your life with it .
 This book raises some interesting questions about the value of looking at the Constitution as an unchanging basis of government and whether or not it is time to consider incorporating some flexibility into the interpretations or the amending process . I would like to see some commentary on this book by both experts and ordinary folks , alike
 This book has a very interesting premise . The only thing holding America back from solving its crime , homelessness , drug , education and welfare problems is -- the constitution . And how we begin to `` reform '' the constitution ? Why , by simpliy ignoring Article V. Of course , now it 's all clear!And that really is the premise of this book . That the founding fathers really set America on a long-term course of self-destruction when they devised a constitution so overly protective of the minority -LRB- and at that time , the minorities were slaveholders -RRB- . The author presents an outstanding explanation of the `` Court v. Country '' battles that shaped England 's political direction . But his solution for reform is a strong unicameral legislative body -LRB- sans the Senate -RRB- and a weak head of state . Under this system , the author thinks , real political parties with true platforms will develop and the unicameral body will be able to more quickly respond to the plights of urban america.The book is facinating in that it lays out a total reshaping of a republic , but fails to take into account that the freedoms the slaveholders held dear are today held equally dear by all Americans.Lazare believes that the Founding Fathers cut such a bad deal with the Southern slaveholding states that it just too much to overcome . While he is right that the Northen and Middle-state delegates should never have compromised the amending clause of the constitution , his arguement that the equal representation requirement for the Senate will be our undoing is just too pesemistic . He misses the very element that makes Americans so unique -- that even when our institutions break down , as they have always done in the past , plain common sense seems to save our collective day .
 Anyone who complains about the author 's left-wing views , which are obvious , is pretty much missing the point of the book . Left vs. right is only one axis , orthogonal to and in many ways less significant than older distinctions - Whig/Tory , Court/Country , federalist/parliamentary , etc. . What , you say ? Those are old issues , no longer relevant today ? In fact they are as important today as ever , and are infrequently discussed in the modern United States because only one approach to them is allowed by the Holy Constitution ... and that 's precisely Lazare 's point.According to Lazare , the Constitution and the religious awe in which it is often held -LRB- even to the extent of my feeling compelled to capitalize the word -RRB- form the straitjacket in which our current looney-bin government and culture are confined . He seems to feel particular hatred for the amendment clause , but this brings us to the major flaw in this book . Despite his claim that the barriers to amendment are too high , Lazare himself discusses examples -LRB- e.g. Prohibition -RRB- that might lead one to the opposite conclusion . Likewise , though he favors a strong unicameral legislature , his commentary on the conduct of House members hardly support his own argument . In the end , much of the essential message of the book is muddied and lost.Despite these flaws , though , this book provokes thought on a variety of matters not limited to the form of government . Of particular interest is the way Lazare discusses the relationships between abstract concepts such as separation of powers or individual rights to very concrete concerns such as public-health policy and urban sprawl . While his leftist tendencies do become annoyingly apparent in the later chapters , the attempt to tie everything together is laudable . Even if you disagree vehemently with all of Lazare 's views , including the central thesis , the book is well worth reading in the spirit of broad intellectual exploration .
 It was amusing to read the reviews which describe Lazare as a `` socialist . '' Socialism , technically , means state ownership of the means of production , and/or the absence of private property . Needless to say , you will find neither in this book . It is also interesting to note how conservatives tend to use the pjorative term `` mob rule '' instead of the proper word , `` democracy . '' God forbid that the rebellious rabble who comprise most of society actually rise up to demand a fair share of the American Pie.In any case , Lazare 's arguments are forceful and beyond dispute . What have our vaunted limited government and hallowed checks and balances brought us ? Crumbling cities , reactionary civic religion , an explosively growing gap between rich and poor , political apathy , and cultural stagnation . Because the Constitution is so difficult to change , we have opted to let the economy do everything . The results of this political abdication are obvious . Citizens would not even know where to begin , would they ever want to actually assert their collective will to make society more humane by acting through their polity.Investing an elected parliament with supreme federal power is actually to best way to make government more efficient , responsive to the people -LRB- I 'm not part of a `` mob , '' I 'm part of We the People -RRB- , and capable of ensuring our civil liberties . As we careen towards war in Mesopotamia , led by a shrubby dictator , our civil liberties are squashed at home without a peep from our nine supreme judicial protectors . This is `` limited government '' as the Founders intended ? I 'm with Lazare . Let 's find a way to scrap our moldy old Constitution and put something in its place that actually embodies democracy . What are we afraid of ?
 Every reader of the Frozen Republic will find something to disagree with , but if you have an open mind , you will find that Lazare has many good points about America 's government not being the be-all , end-all of democracy.The Frozen Republic is a history of Constitutional -LRB- and para Constitutional -RRB- problems that America has faced and a description of Constitution worship as America 's religion . There is very little on comparative government or a blueprint for change . Lazare appears to favor a parliamentary system , but he does not spell this out in any detail , or say very much about voting reform .
 This is an intelligent , reasonable exploration of the problems with the American governmental system . It is certainly not perfect ; any effort so ambitious that it tries to cover the history of Constitutional governments for the last 600 years is bound to overreach . But Lazare does a nice job of producing a readable , rational hypothesis as to what 's ailing the USA and of suggesting some solutions . The simple fact is that what the written Constitution says and what our government do are barely related . Lawyers take an entire class in law school studying the contradictions and hypocracies currently involved in Constitutional law . We lawyers learn how to use the current law to win cases and to argue our client 's positions , but no one ever steps back and looks at the system as a whole and says , `` hey , this needs to be fixed , it 's not working anymore ! `` Lazare in this book tries to give some reasons and make some suggestions . Most people will find his suggested response to the problems -- eliminating the Constitution and its checks and balances -- too radical . But those of us who are paying attention to our world are glad that someone is learning from history , and is attempting to raise the level of political discourse in this nation above the mindless level of the current political debates . -LRB- `` I 'm a real reformer ! '' `` No , he 's a Washington insider -- I 'm a real reformer ! I was only in Washington when Dad was acting as President ! '' `` Even though I 've been Vice-President for the past eight years , I 'm really an outsider who 's all for reform ... ! '' -RRB- Real reform might have to jettison the entire system .
 People calling Lazare a socialist are the ones who obviously do n't know the Constitution or its formation.The Founders , after the Preamble , mentioned Congress first , in Article II , because the envisioned -- and PLANNED and DESIRED -- that Congress be the strongest and pre-eminent of the three brances , ideas of `` checks and balances '' notwithstanding.Today 's `` executive presidency , '' going to war without explicit Congressional declarations -LRB- whether it be a Republican or Democratic president who does that -RRB- might have made some of them wonder just what they had rebelled for . That 's certainly true of those who signed the Declaration of Indepdendence.Lazare does have some ground to stand on , though , when he argues that the Constitution was in some ways `` hijacked '' by a more conservative `` counter-reformation . `` The Frozen Republic is his argument of how to get back to the spirit of 1776 , in the places where the spirit of 1787 fails to live up to it .
 Lazare 's premise is that the Constitution is seriously flawed because of its insistence on checks and balances and the separation of powers . In contrast to the Founding Fathers 's view of concentrated power being a menace , Lazare argues that power becomes irresponsible if it divided . Lazare refers not only to the federal government , but also the cornucopia of various governmental entities on the state and local level.As shocking as this may be , it is a reasonable alternative to blaming politicians , big government , liberals , conservatives , the media , etc. for the inability of Washington to do anything . No one can really be held accountable as the other branches of the government can be blamed for stalling.Lazare convincingly illustrates the negative effects of this system in his chapter about civil liberties . From the standpoint of the legislative branch -LRB- Congress -RRB- , the judiciary -LRB- Supreme Court -RRB- is the institution that exists to protect civil liberties . Thus Congress need worry about passing constitutional laws as the Supreme Court would invalidate them if necessary . Of course , if the Supreme Court were to abdicate its role , then no one would be in charge of protecting civil liberties.Not all of Lazare 's arguments are convincing . His link between the separation of powers and urban decay is not entirely convincing . He also declines to thoroughly discuss the downsides of a parliamentary system which he strongly advocates throughout the book . Nonetheless , `` The Frozen Republic '' is a very insightful critique of the U.S. Constitution , and a plausible -LRB- although not complete -RRB- explanation for the current state of politics in the United States .
 Lazare makes a very original argument -LRB- so original that , clearly , it went right over the heads of several of the reviewers on this site -RRB- . What Lazare is arguing is not-as some seem to think-ideological , per se . Rather , he is arguing structure . The rights that the Constitution was designed to protect is not the question ; the question is whether the structure set up by the Constitution is effective in that protection . More importantly , does that protective structure ultimately tend to freeze us in eighteenth century thought , making the transition into the twenty-first century unduly painful?I highly recommend the book , not because I think Lazare has all the right answers but because he has asked some very important questions . That is something sorely lacking in U.S. politics . We tend to cling to our individual partisan political views with religious fervor .
 Daniel Lazar 's book is a literate , powerful , critical , and insightful commentary on the extent to which the structure of the US Constitution has guided American history for the past two centuries . Beginning with the Elizabethan era of Britain , Lazar uses historical examples and astute analysis to reveal the true motivations behind the founding fathers in constructing the document that shaped this nation . Departing far from the `` child 's history '' of the United States that is to be found in many history books , `` Frozen Republic '' draws back the curtain to reveal how the Constitution doomed the United States to such seeming unrelated tragedies as the bloody civil war and 20th century urban decay . Although far more critical than other Constitutional works , Lazar 's tome avoids becoming political polemic by confining most arguments to historical fact , instead of concentrating upon political revisionism . Through careful and methodical analysis , Lazar reveals to the reader how our Constitution is one of the least democratic in the free world , and what alternatives exist . Lazar is a barely veiled Anglophile -LRB- Great Britain is the most common counter-example to the American political process -RRB- , and openly advocates a parliamentary system for the United States . He is able to muster powerful arguments for this position , and only occasionally slips into the critical fallacy of idealizing other systems or experiences without proper evidence . While Lazar 's work lacks realizable suggestions for changing the American system , it does serve as a powerful inspiration for further thought on the political structure and processes of the United States .
 Lazare has hit the nail on the head . Everyone is always complaining about the government , and yet , the system by which that very government is ruled is considered holy . How can this be?Real reform , and the only reform that can snatch our government away from the big money handlers that are running it now , is only possible from the ground up . That means that you can not expect that a little tinkering will fix it . You have to realize that the entire system needs an overhaul.Lazare makes that point beutifully in his book . His grasp on American history and how the constitution has failed in the past is an eye opening experience . This is required reading for anyone interested in reclaiming thier democracy .
 Bring your style reference everywhere you write . An unbeatable classic . Every time I open it up , I find something to use in what I 'm working on .
 It 's hard to ever read this book enough . Whether you 're an experienced writer or a young student , Strunk and White 's advice will always reward you . Omit unnecessary words . Use the active voice . Write ideas in positive form . I wish I could distribute copies of this little volume the way the Gideons do Bibles .
 If you can get your hands on this well-written novel , you wo n't be sorry ! The story centers around a woman named Joyce and her 22 year-old brother , Gene . Gene had recently returned from war , traumatized by the unfortuante events he experienced behind the iron curtain . The once-vibrant brother was sullen and withdrawn , unable to talk about the issues which weighed so heavily upon his heart . The doctors said that he was normal , but Joyce knew differently . In an effort to help her brother , the sister suggests a journey into the countryside , where they eventaully find the old family home . In great disrepair from being abandoned for many years , they set out to restore it to its former beauty . As they restore the home , signs of restoration begin to appear in Gene 's life . During this unplanned stay in the country , they discover some intersting neighbors , ones whose lives crossed theirs many years ago . This is a timeless , heartwarming story you do n't want to miss !
 This book is a definent ` must read ' in my book . The characters were vividly portrayed and easy to identify with . The story told allows you to delve into the minds of each character that 's been set within the pages of this magnificent book.It was touching and exciting and sad all at the same time . If you enjoy books about families with heartwarming problems this book is a must for you .
 This is an excellent book . Gloria shares about the six covenants of ` legacy living ' in an inspirational way . I loved the weaving thoughts and stories together to reveal the meaning of each covenant in action . Threaded throughout she shares her own poetry and that of others to convey the covenants.The book is a keeper . As I 've reread a few sections , I find myself gleaning new thoughts as if reading the book for first time . At the end of each covenant section , Gloria offers reflection questions that can be revisited again and again as one progresses in life.I highly recommend !
 The cover of this book is so compelling , it invites you to come look inside and experience an adventure . I was fortunate to purchase one of the first books in circulation . It will be a time honored treasure passed on to future generations.There is not a waking moment when I do not think of the message in this book . I feel God breathed through Gloria when this book was written . You are driven to think , reflect and interact as you become very focused and intentional about what you leave . We sit upon broad ancestral shoulders and must CREATE the conditions to pass the flame forward.I ask myself ? ... what am I leaving behind ? What do my interactions say ? , not just my words . Everyone NEEDS this book and to embrace the vision Gloria shares . Truly a MUST read for all ages.Gloria is gifted , talented and passing forward her dream for a better future as she teaches us all how to do so , with purposeful intention.Latch on . Be aware . Be you . Lift your INNER voice and be heard . God has willed/created this book . It sold like hotcakes during His first week of release . Be one of the fortunate visionaries ... own a first edition of this book !! We are called to be our brothers keeper , not to be selfish . We are called to cherish and honor our children ... the future . Find out who you really are . . what you can become . Unlock your potential and envision a world of peace and harmony , where you are one of the principals of POSITIVE change.Gloria has created space for you to put your life on canvas ... what you feel , who you are , where you came from ... where you are going ... How will your legacy unfold?As you utilize this book , you will find yourself sharing it with everyone you know and care about . You will even want your `` enemies '' to become familiar with it , so God can purpose their change . I personally own several copies ... one to delve into , one to collect and one to share.Thank you Gloria for showing us how to purpose and enjoy the journey , live CREATIVELY , develop the leadership within us and pass the flame along.A qui-zillion stars and kudos for this book . Thank you God for using Gloria 's humility as one of your vessels to create positive change in this world .
 I am new to this area of learning and this book provided a common sense approach . Not only was the information wonderful , but the layout of the book is visually STUNNING ! I enjoyed each picture as a little work of art and am thrilled I bought the book . A must for every student of Shaminism or potential student .
 I first came across this book at my local library - and loved it so much I just had to buy my own copy !! If you are into shamanism or even just like native american culture , this is the book for you ! It is jam-packed full of wonderful ideas and instructions for making various native american items , such as
 Progress & Poverty is the missing puzzle piece for those of us who look around at the combination of magnificent and accelerating technological progress and the increasingly distorted distribution of income and wealth in America , with many people lacking sufficient income to meet their most basic needs , and wonder what went wrong in a country which professes to be dedicated to the proposition that we 're all created equal.The book 's subtitle -- An Inquiry in the Cause of Industrial Depressions and of Increase of Want with Increase of Wealth ... The Remedy -- describes it beautifully
 This is a must-read , in part because this is just a brilliant work that does n't fit in our normal intellectual history . It is also truly American in its way of thinking and the combination of radicalism and every-dayness . George demonstrates that ownership of land is the key to inequality ; along the line he considers and sheds light on a number of other theories . He also makes predictions regarding the general development of the United States that have been very perceptive.At the same time , he is n't afraid to wax poetic . Why should n't one ? We know why Cain killed Abel -- because the farmer requires fencing off land , and calling it his , and his crops will be watered with the blood of his excluded brother . Is n't that where we still are -- sacrificing human beings for property ? And can we even determine who is in the right and who is in the wrong ? George sets out a way of formulating the problem that allows us to get beyond things . It is still worth thinking about , since these problems have grown . And we ca n't run away from them ... as Cain found out all too well . -LSB- 32 -RSB-
 I recently purchased a copy of the Creating Winning Marketing Plans
 Great book ! Easy lovely read , starts a little slow i thought but its worth sticking around : -RRB- Sophie kinsella is such a great writer ! Cant wait to get to the next one !
 I was absolutely hooked from the first chapter . I devoured the book . It 's the fastest I 've ever finished a book as I tend to have ADD and take longer than 2 weeks go finish even a great novel . This book was so fun to read . And interesting and emotional . I really connected with the characters . It 's not so detailed that the book becomes long , draggy and uninteresting . It stays young , fun , and fresh from page 1 through the end . There were times at the end of most sections , the author would absolutely leave me at the edge of my seat yearning for more info . Highly recommended . Love Madeleine 's style !
 This was a fun book to read . It 's the story of three ladies that work together at a popular paper The Londoner ; Maggie is the editor , Roxanne is a travel writer and works independently , and Candice is a successful writer . The three girls each have their own secrets and issues that they keep to themselves causing trouble.Roxanne has been dating a mysterious married man for over 6 years . When it comes time for him to end their relationship , she leaves the country to deal with her sadness where she soon learns he has died of cancer . The girls are in for a surprise when they find out who the mystery man is.Candice has spent her life making up for her father 's legacy of theft . He has ruined the lives of many of her friend 's family 's and after his death the legacy has been on her conscience to try and make it all up . She starts with a waitress named Heather who Candice lets openly into her life . She gets her a job and lets her stay in her apartment rent free . The two other girls warn Candice of the bad feelings they get around Heather , but Heather feels so strongly that she owes something to Heather that she overlooks their warnings.Maggie is about to have a baby and her lack of preparation and desire to live in the huge house in the country her and her husband had just bought leaves her in a deep depression . All she wants to do is know she 's a good mother and know she will eventually go back to work.The girls eventually realize who they can trust and work out their problems by leaning on each other .
 Sophie Kinsella is my favorite autor butI had no idea that Sophie Kinsella was not the real name of Madeleine Wickham . So imagine my surprise while I was browing the book section at a store and saw `` Cocktails for three '' with the words `` Author of the Shopaholic series as Sophie Kinsella '' on the cover . I immediately picked up the book and I was not dissapointed in the least . I loved the book . Maggie , Candice , and Roxanne make up the Cocktail Club . The three of the meet every first of every month at a bar for a night and bond . They all seem to be living happy lives but each life is not what it seems . What happens in each woman 's life is fascinating and makes it hard to put this book down.I 'm so happy to have found this book and now I 'm looking for all the other books written by Madeleine Wickham . So if you 're a big fan of the Sophie Kinsella novels and are looking for a little fix while we wait for the next Sophie Kinsella book , `` Cocktails for three '' is what you 're looking for .
 This book was easy to read , entertaining and overall perfect for my Cancun vacation !
 I 'm a big fan of Sohie Kinsella 's I consider her one of my favorite writers , and I was so excited when I found this book . I was not let down , It may not be something I read again like I do Kinsella books but few are . I loved it , it is chick lit and as in most cases is sometimes predictable but I do n't care , I still fully enjoyed this .
 I have not read anything by Sophie Kinsella that I do n't like and Cocktails for Three is no exception.Cocktails for Three , written by Kinsella , under the name Madeline Wickham is the story of three friends who have been meeting for years at their favorite watering hole , The Manhattan Bar . Just as the Manhattan Bar has changed over the years so are the lives and circumstances of three friends , Candice , Maggie and Roxanne.I wanted to be a part of the friendship that these three girls shared and that to me is the work of an outstanding author . Madeline Wickham draws you into the characters lives so well that you want to be there and you are rooting for all three women and the special friendship they share.The friendship is tested in this story as Maggie is pregnant and faces her doubts and fears about her marriage , her job and the new baby . Roxanne has a married lover and her relationship with her married lover is headed for some drastic changes and loss . Candice befriends and promotes a new girl and brings her into the circle of three friendsI just loved this story . Sophie Kinsella is just a master story teller . You will be drawn into this tale of friendship and love between three young women whose lives change and grow in this wonderful story .
 I had n't read any of Sophie Kinsella 's books written under the Wickham name before , and I did enjoy this quite a bit . Some of my perceptions changed as the story went on . I had misjudged two -LRB- perhaps three -RRB- characters , but I came to see that they were n't as bad as I had thought.First of all , I thought Giles was a selfish jerk . However , he & Maggie had a communication problem . She also seemed to have something of a martyr complex , not asking for nor accepting help and misunderstanding her mother-in-law 's innocent actions for a long time . Finally she spoke up and shared her fears and concerns , to learn that Giles was more of a `` new man '' than she had thought and that Paddy was `` a star . '' HOWEVER , I must say that I 'm aghast that she was so cavalier about preparing for childbirth/motherhood . She & Giles should have been at the classes , no matter what he said . More than that , however , I can not believe that she drank during her pregnancy and afterwards while she was nursing Lucia . Did n't she know that that could have had dire effect on her child -LRB- surely she has heard of fetal alcohol syndrome ! -RRB- . I am surprised at her parents . A first , possibly an only , grandchild deserved a little time off work to enjoy the little one . I know I would have done so.Roxanne reminds me of the song Saving All My Love for You . She had sacrificed six years of her life for a man who would never leave his wife until her childbearing years had virtually ended . But at least she did learn that he really loved her with the legacy he bequeathed to her and with his desire to spare her the pain of watching him die . But perhaps she can have the life she deserves on Cyprus with Nico.Candice had a full-blown martyr complex , which allowed the psychopathic Heather to take over her life with the full intention of destroying her for her father 's sins . I take a little issue with her attitude toward Ed at first . She was definitely holier than thou with him . And her attitude toward her mother was n't much better . Did n't she realize how much her mother must have suffered ? She deserved a little understanding from her daughter . I must say , though , she was right about Justin!As I said , it was a quick read , but it lacked the humor and whimsy of the Shopaholic books and Housekeeper .
 Madeleine Wickham / Sophie Kinsella brings us the lives of three successful woman who are confronting major changes in their lives while attempting to keep their friendship strong through challenges they never anticipated . These women have maintained a `` life-line '' friendship that is celebrated with cocktails at a favorite club once a month . As their lives begin to evolve , the importance of their friends to sustain them comes into question . Through new babies , lost love , betrayal and making amends , this story will weave its way into your heart and make you think about friendship in a more heartfelt way .
 The book started out a bit slow as it built characters , but then becomes completely engulfing and such a fun escape into the characters lives that I did n't want the book to stop .
 Classic Chick-lit . Fun , sexy , juicy , leave you wanting more book about love and all things girls . These books keep me out of therapy . ; -RRB-
 Another great Sophie Kinsella book . One that I am sure many of us can relate to in one way or another as her main characters are as usual just like ourselves or someone we know . I must admit to reading this book in one day as I just could n't put it down , which is no mean feat as I had 4 children at home with me . Kids , hubby , house and animals generally get ignored when Sophie has a new book out . Read it , I can guarantee you will love it .
 If you like the TV show `` Revenge '' , then read this book . It 's the story of three female friends , enjoying the good life , when a fourth person enters the scene and raises havoc .
 Another awesome chick lit book from the Queen herself Sophie Kinsella -LRB- for those who do n't know Sophie Kinsella is Madeline Wickham 's pen name -RRB- . I ca n't tell you how excited I was to learn that Madeline Wickham was Sophie Kinsella because she is simply the best.Cocktails for Three is a book about three friends . Maggie
 This is the story of three best friends all with different things going on in their lives . They meet at a their favorite bar to catch up at the beginning of every month . This was a book I felt that was something most women can relate to with their girlfriends . I was able to read this in one day without putting it down once . I highly recommend this !
 I liked the book but it was n't one of my favorite reads . It ended up being a good book overall .
 Love , love , love ! Got this for a `` beach read '' & fell in love with the characters . Very well written with no slow , boring parts .
 This is my first Madeleine Wickham 's book that I have read and I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was ! It was a slow start but once I got into it I could n't put it down !!! I will definitely read more of her books !!!
 It is hard at first to keep all the characters straight but it was a good book . The portrayal of a working first time mom and the two different worlds is insightful . There were a couple surprise twists .
 If you are a Sophie Kinsella fan you wo n't be disappointed . It is a charming , entertaining story regarding the ups and downs of friendship . Throw in a little revenge , some mind games and sit back and enjoy . A stand alone novel I read quickly and found throughly entertaining .
 I 've read Wickham 's books under Sophie Kinsella and loved most of them , but this was my first novel under her own name and I must say , it was fantastic . Is it just me , or can you sense a major difference in writing styles between Wickham and her alter ego , Kinsella ? Not that I mind at all , because both makes for great reads . I loved the characters in this book , and the twist at the end , while somewhat predictable as you approach , is still a lot of fun.Recommend this for a vacation or nightly read . It 's quick , easy to relate to the characters , and fun .
 If you are looking for a light hearted fun read this would fit the bill . Perfect for a vacation beach read or just a enjoyable end of the day read .
 While this will never win a Nobel prize in literature , it does score high in the winners in Chick Lit category . With her unique winning style of making even mundane characters enjoyable , Madeline Wickham/Sophie Kinsella hit a homeroom with this one . Sure , Roxanne is predictable as the long term mistress of a married with kids guy . And anyone who 's ever given birth will understand Maggie . Candice is a bit different , trying to undo her father 's errors , which leads to her own undoing . So nothing unusual here . But what gives it five stars is the author 's unique ability to create a witty , breezy story that 's fun to read , even if you almost could have written the final chapter yourself . I 'm always happy to find a new book by this multi-named gem , and this is certainly one of her best under either aliases .
 The friendship and hardships were so true to life that I felt myself tearing up more than once . I identified with all 3 girls . Yes , it was a little predictable -LRB- I mean , we all knew what Heather was going to do when she asked Candice what was most important to her -RRB- , but the solutions and outcomes were witty and uplifting.The story really sucked me in and I ca n't wait to get copies for all my friends . Thank you for such a wonderful book , Madeleine !
 I was delighted to discover that Madeleine Wickham was the actual name of one of my favorite authors Sophie Kinsella . I could not believe that I was unaware that Sophie was a pen name . `` Cocktails for Three '' was the first book I read under Sophie 's actual name . It is a wonderful beach/summer read . It is light and fun . The plot was somewhat predictable , which is why I rated it four stars . She also uses the `` f '' word a lot , which is unlike her alter ego Sophie . The book , however , was a page turner . While the plot was predictable , I found myself unable to put the book down . It contained humerous moments and geniune characters . I fell in love with Maggie - the woman who struggles with motherhood . The friendship of the protagonists leaped off the pages of the book , which is what kept me interested in the story.I did agree with another reviewer in regards to Candice . Her character is loveable , but it is hard to believe someone could be so gullible . Keeping all the above critcism in mind , the book is certainly worth reading . Madeleine is a wonderful author ! She knows how to keep a reader interested . And even though she is not as sophisticated of a writer as many classic authors , she does possess the sharp satire of Jane Austen . I will certainly be investing in more Madeleine Wickham books . : -RRB-
 This is the story of three professional women who work in London and meet once a month for cocktails and a bitch-and-moan session . You 'd think they 'd tell each other * everything * , but each woman has a secret -- one is ashamed of a family secret , one is in a long term relationship with a married man and one exudes confidence and strength even though she 's filled with doubts about her decision to quit her job and stay home with her impending child . If it sounds like a trite and predictable plot , that 's when you must consider the talents of the author . Wickham is an extraordinary storyteller . Her dialogue is effortless and her characters more interesting than the total populations of ten romance novels . I pick up a Wickham novel -LRB- or other works under the name Sophie Kinsella -RRB- when I want a fun , easy read -- and I do n't mean that pejoratively . Wickham 's prose flows delightfully and pages are turned and time flows in reading bliss . I enjoyed each moment with these flawed but genuine women and their acquaintances . Plus , there are ALWAYS moments when I guffaw out loud at some utterance or situation . Very enjoyable reading.If you 're familiar with Wickham/Kinsella , you wo n't be disappointed . If you 're new to her , it 's definitely worth your time to give her a try .
 After several girlfriends let me in on the fact that one of my favorite authors -LRB- Sophie Kinsella -RRB- was actually a pen name for Madeleine Wickham and that Madeleine had various novels published , I was eager to read them ! Cocktails for three is the first of Madeleine 's novels that I 've read and I devoured it wholeheartedly.Cocktails for Three follows the lives of three women who work together and are friends . Outside of work they meet up once a month at the Manhattan bar to catch up with one another and take some girl time together . The heroines ' stories unfold after the first such meeting and the reader finds out that Maggie is due to have a baby at any moment , Candice is about to run into a ghost from her family 's sordid past and Roxanne is in a mysterious relationship with a married man . Throughout the course of the book the womens ' lives are turned upside down and their friendships are tested . I truly enjoyed this book and the dynamics between the women . I also liked the fact that there were some unexpected plot twists which can be rare in typical chick lit books . This novel is jolly good fun and I loved it so much that I 've already started reading another Wickham book , the Gatecrasher .
 You can count me in for a night out at the Manhattan Bar , Along with Roxanne , Candice and Maggie . These three friends meet once a month to catch up and just be together.This story by Wickham will take you through the pregnancy and upcoming new role as a mother for Maggie . It is easy to identify with her fears of motherhood.Candice , who ca n't say no to anyone , and how a secret from her past almost ruins her future ... Roxanne , who has been dating a secret married man for 6 yrs , even her two best friends do n't know his identity.This book takes you on the journey of friendship and self discovery . . I am sure that you will be able to relate to one or all of the characters in some way.This is a fun read ...
 I did n't realize until I picked up this title at my local Borders that Sophie Kinsella wrote under another name - Madeleine Wickham . What a pleasant surprise!As a fan of the Shopaholic Series , and found this book to actually be more like Sophie 's recent title - the Undomestic Goddess . The dialog was witty , yet believable . I found myself wanting to rush in and protect Candice from the evil Heather , comfort Roxanne during her loss , and tell Maggie that everything was going to be alright , and she would adjust to motherhood just fine . As a new mom , I could totally empathize with Maggie and her struggles!I ca n't wait to read more titles by Madeleine !
 This book chronicles the lives of three friends who get together every month to drink and catch up.Roxanne is having an affair with a married man with children , but wont tell her friends who he is until circumstances force her to reveal all to the two people who know her best.Maggie used to be in charge at the magizine that they work at until the birth of her daughter . Afterwards she admits that she wants to go back to work because being a mother is a lot harder than she realized.Constance feels bad after she sees a woman named Heather working at the bar where she and her friends go to drink . Constance 's father made Heather 's father broke before Constances father died . Constance wants to make it up to Heather , but her plans go arye thanks to Heather.A Great book by a great author .
 I did n't read this book -LRB- yet -RRB- but after reading the below review I just wanted to say that the reason Madeleine Wickham is so similar to Sophie Kinsella -LRB- of the Shopoholic series -RRB- is because they are the same person . `` Sophie Kinsella '' is her pen name .
 If you like chick lit you 'll love this book . I happened to find it on a bargain shelf . I definately would have paid the full price . Wickham is alot like Keyes , Kinsella and Weiner . If you enjoy these authors then you 'll LOVE Wickham . This book was a super easy read ... definately a `` beach book . '' I got so hooked by the characters . Sooooooooooo cute ! Ca n't wait to read her other novels .
 This is unlike the other books that i have read so far . the plot revolves around a bar and three best friends . They are good at their jobs , articulate and know what they want from life . But a crazy flat-mate , an affair with a superior and motherhood corode their friendship and their lives-almost . This book is about true friendship and how it can get you through the day and lives problems big or small . A good read that can not be put down .
 A very light and enjoyable read !! I love books by Madeline Wickham and ca n't wait to read more of them .
 This book was entertaining from start to finish ! I wish there was more ... Will be checking out more books from this author
 Amazing book for weekends and late nights , when you do n't really want to `` philosophyze '' on life or anything deep and important ... VERY entretaining !!! 3 great characters ... keeps you reading and reading ... . Recommended !!!! A + + + +
 I really enjoyed this audio book . I am a big Sophie Kinsella fan and if you are too them you will like this book
 Again easy to read , reminds me of the friends that I have and how we are similar in our behavioirs .
 This was an easy , fun book to read . If you need light relief this is for you . I really enjoyed it .
 I have read all the Sophie Kinsella books -LRB- Shopaholic etc. -RRB- as a fun People-magazine type of diversion when needed . I had no idea that was a pen name and that Madeleine Wickham also writes as herself . I was in the mood for a chicklit novel , and this one hit all the right notes for me - solid 30 + aged women characters , each struggling with their own personal issues -LRB- career challenges , new motherhood , death of a lover -RRB- , in a vibrant urban setting -LRB- London -RRB- . It 's not high literature , but the writing is better than in much chicklit , and the characters are more compelling too . I personally liked this a lot more than the Kinsella stuff , because the characters have more depth and maturity . It 's not quite as humorous/campy as the stuff the author writes under the Kinsella name , but that was fine with me.So if you are looking for this kind of thing , give it a whirl ! I will definitely be checking out more Wickham books .
 I am a fan of Sophie Kinsella so I wanted to try a book under her actual name . Much to my satisfaction I was not disappointed.I enjoyed the friendships of the women in the book and the challenges they face .
 I can not get enought of Madeleine Wickham and/or Sophie Kinsella . Fun and relaxing to read . Her books have little twists and turns that are not always predictable which is nice . I would highly recommend any of Wickham 's and/or Kinsella 's books . I have n't read one yet that disappointed me and I have actually read a few twice .
 This book was great ! It was super cute and a fun , quirky read ! I recommend reading other books by Madeline Wickham .
 I must say that I was very impressed with `` Cocktails for Three ! '' . You read about the tales of 3 best friends who meet at a Manhattan Bar the same night every month . They get to catch up on everything that is going on with their lives.Maggie is pregnant . Roxanne has been dating a married man for 6 years . Candice has such a warm heart and ca n't seem to say `` NO . `` The end of the book will throw you for a loop . As other reviews have said , you will not see it coming.This book kept me wanting to know what was going to happen next to the -LRB- 3 -RRB- characters . I am sure that you will be able to identify a personal friend of yours for Maggie , Roxanne and Candice . I was able to finish in just -LRB- 1 -RRB- day which is rare for me.I ca n't wait to check out Wickman 's other two books.Enjoy !
 Cocktails for Three is a fun and feisty novel about three Londoners at critical points in their lives . They get together at their favorite bar after a difficult day at The Londoner -- a fashion magazine where they all work -- to discuss their latest exploits through cocktails . Each one of them is facing a dilemma.Candice is a successful writer , but her stabilized career becomes threatened when she stumbles upon Heather , an old friend from high school ... Maggie is a married woman awaiting the arrival of her first child . She is quite content with her position as editor for The Londoner , which is why she is torn between continuing her career and giving it all up to become a full-time wife and mother ... Roxanne is beautiful , glamorous and free-spirited . However , she is stuck in a relationship that 's going nowhere , for the man in question is married with children ... Cocktails for Three is a wickedly funny read that could satisfy all Chick Lit enthusiasts . Despite its banal and recycled plot , the novel 's sharp dialogue , believable characterization and excellent prose make the novel a definite must read ...
 Madeleine Wickham proves once again that she is more than just a `` chick lit '' author . Though her novels are short , they do pack a punch and try to teach a little life lesson besides.Candice , Maggie and Roxanne are best friends who work at the Londoner , a monthly magazine in - where else ? - London , and meet on the first of the month for cocktails at the Manhattan Bar . This particular month finds Maggie ready to give birth , Roxanne still with her married with children boyfriend and Candice having just broken up with her co-worker boyfriend , Justin . Candice recognizes their waitress as a girl she was at school with and says her name , just as she realizes that her recognition was probably best kept to herself as the waitress , Heather Trelawney , had to leave school when her family lost all their money due to Candice 's swindling father . It strikes good-hearted Candice that she can try and make amends to Heather by helping her get a job at the magazine . Unfortunately , her good deeds do n't stop there and as the saying goes , `` No good deed goes unpunished . `` Follow these friends through the ups and downs of motherhood , affairs , death and evil machinations and enjoy every page of it .
 Sophie Kinsella is one of my favorite authors and I have been anxiously anticipating a new release from her to no avail , but I had no idea that she had previously penned five novels under the name Madeleine Wickham ! Although ` COCKTAILS FOR THREE ' is not her usual fare it still contained all of the spark and flare that we have come to expect from Ms Kinsella , or should I say Ms Wickham . ` COCKTAILS FOR THREE ' is the story of three best friends who are each keeping major secrets from each other . The sexy and worldly Roxanne has been seeing a married man for the last six years but has yet to reveal his identity to anyone but when her friends find out it is sure to astound them . Candice is the sweet-faced girl that is easily taken advantage of and when a new `` friend '' sets her sights on Candice she attempts to do just that . Maggie the high powered , no-nonsense editor of the magazine where they all work finds herself overwhelmed when she finds herself relinquishing all of her power to her newborn daughter . At a time when these three need each other more than ever their secrets seem to be breaking them apart . Will these three ever be able to come clean and get their lives as well as their relationships back on track?Anyone who has read Ms Wickham 's books penned under the name Sophie Kinsella will be able to clearly tell that these are two very different sides to the same personality . While Sophie Kinsella 's books kept me laughing so hard I 'd have to put the book down at times to regroup , Madeleine Wickham 's books are more refined and subdued in comparison . I will , however , be purchasing all books by Madeleine Wickham as well as all future books by Sophie Kinsella !
 I loved this book ! I really did n't want it to end . It was just easy to read , with likeable characters that you wanted to know more about . I could have kept right on reading ! The best thing about this book is it made me want to find my old girlfriends . It made me miss those late night chats and junk food binges . This story is mostly about friendship and the importance of it in our lives . We all make mistakes and go through rough times , but your friends are there to back you up.If you enjoy books about young women and friendship , this book is for you . If you miss your old girlfriends or cherish the ones you still have , read this book . You just may be calling them up when you 're done !
 Another awesome chick lit book from the Queen herself Sophie Kinsella -LRB- for those who do n't know Sophie Kinsella is Madeline Wickham 's pen name -RRB- . I ca n't tell you how excited I was to learn that Madeline Wickham was Sophie Kinsella because she is simply the best.Cocktails for Three is a book about three friends . Maggie
 I 've been searching for a book that really makes me laugh , characters I can relate and enjoy and a story that keeps me interested beyond the first 30 pages . Well , I found it ! `` Cocktails for Three '' by English author Madeleine Wickham had me completely enchanted . I found the three main characters -LRB- Maggie - the pregnant one on maternity leave / Roxanne - the dating a married man one / Candice - the trusting and will do anything for a person in need one -RRB- all well rounded and hilarious . `` Cocktails '' goes beyond your basic `` friends forever '' novel and dives into real life problems and the effects those decisions have on you and those around you.I found this book really unique and sparkling with touches of really dark and edgy comedy . A great find ! I hope others will discover this secret of mine .
 Just finished the book ! I wasnt able to put it down all day . I love how the author can take on the raw emotion of what each character is feeling . I really didnt expect the book to take so many different turns . What a fun read for mothers , friends or young working women .
 After reading all of Sophia 's Shopoholic series , I was pleased to find this book written by the same author . I enjoyed reading this books since it is about 3 friends who go though different struggles and all the while hiding them from each other . I was able to relate to each character . Since noone 's life is perfect it is nice to have a book that shows you it does not matter who you are there is still some imprefections in all of us where we express them or not . It is a easy to read , but hard to put down book . I look foward to reading other books by Madeleine .
 I have n't had a chance to read in quite some time and was just looking for a fun , not too terribly complicated read . This was my book ! It 's a fun read that kept me coming back for more . The characters were all like us and our friends ... very real , very likable.If you like Jane Green , Maeve Binchy , Bridget Jones 's Diary , and Lisa Jewel , you 'll love this . It 's not literary genius , but is fun and entertaining .
 Like all of Madeleine Wickham/Sophie Kinsella 's book , this one is jammed with wittiness and excitement , that leaves you wanting to turn the pages faster than you can read . But I felt that it was also an honest look at friendships/realtionships . It explored the busyness in all of our lives that bring us to overlooking the needs and feeliings of our friends and unitentially taking them forgranted , no matter how solid and close the friendship . This book ends with a sweet yet subtle reminder that true and successful friendhsips take vulernability and and self-less-ness .
 To say I was excited when I came across this novel by one of the most revered authors of chick-lit is an understatement . Since `` The Undomestic Goddess '' , I have been stalking online resources for any word of the next project from Sophie Kinsella -LRB- aka Madeline Wickham -RRB- and this is just what I needed!In COCKTAILS FOR THREE we are brought into the lives of three very good friends ; Maggie , Roxanne and Candice . The threesome - who all work at the ever fabulous Londoner magazine -- carry on a tradition of meeting the first of every month to indulge in tasty cocktails , juicy gossip and good ol' girl talk.To one another , they all seem pretty content with their lives , but the truth is , they all have a secret.Maggie is one step closer to motherhood , and she is extremely apprehensive about the changes that will rock her world once she gives birth ... But it 's too late to turn back now and she will have to learn how to adjust with the overwhelming changes to come.Roxanne continues her intensely secretive 7-year long affair with a married man who she is truly in love with . While she thinks that their relationship is headed in the right direction , she later finds out that he has a huge secret of his own.Candice is the sweet-face kindhearted woman , who tries to right her father 's wrongs by taking in an old classmate - who she recognizes as `` the girl whose whole family 's life was ruined by my father '' , she learns that being overly generous and trusting may lead to unnecessary conflict and drama.I thoroughly enjoyed this book , although I do agree with some reviewers that the ending was a little too over the top in the `` happily ever after '' category.It was definitely a change from the novels written under Wickham 's pseudonym Kinsella , but I found it to just as entertaining . I will most definitely be reading the rest of Wickham 's novels ! 5 stars !!
 This was a very good , fun light read . Very much enjoyed it . Am looking forward to reading more of her books !
 Easy to read , nice story line . Would recommend . Definitely different that Sophie Kinsella novels , but enjoyable none the less . Not sure what else to say .
 I read this book in a couple of days because I did n't want to put it down . You find yourself relating to aspects of the three women lives and thoughts . Highly recomend
 A quick read , this book was pretty good . Though Im more of a fan of Kinsella ... this book had an interesting perspective on the life of a parent and the after single lifestyle . Kept me hooked .
 I really enjoyed this book . I must admit , that although Sophie Kinsella and Madeleine Wickham are the same author ; I do prefer Kinsella over Wickham . However , this is still a great , worthwhile book ! GOOD STUFF !
 Keeps you interested as you breeze through this delightful novel . Overall this read could not have been more fun , so if you have yet to read it I say . . What are you waiting for ?! : - -RRB-
 I really liked that book ! It was a little fun , a little sad sometimes but still very entertaining . -LRB- One small complain though - to much curse . -RRB-
 I read this book because Wickham also writes under the pseudonym of Sophie Kinsella , the author of the Shopoholic books , of which I 'm a fan . Cocktails is a great book , very funny but also poignant . It has quite a bit more depth than the Shopoholic series and some of Kinsella 's other materials . The characters in Cocktails are well developed , though the plot for Candice at times seemed a bit contrived . Overall , this is a great and entertaining book .
 Without exception this book is one of the greatest of its time . Not only does the author give accounts of how the saviour counseled others but how to apply the same principles in our everyday world . A must read for all practioners of the faith .
 If you remember , several years ago , Elder Ballard gave the same talk back to back in general conference . Remember the subject ? It was on councils -LRB- See `` Ensign , '' November 1993 , `` Strength in Counsel , '' `` Ensign , '' May 1994 , `` Counseling with our Councils . '' -RRB- This book is in response to those two topics , so consider this a course in ecclesiastical management and religious organizational behavior . We are not using the Church councils properly , and this book is one apostle 's attempt to put us on the right track.So often leadership is equated with office , or is seen as bossing people around . This is not only wrong , but is dead wrong . We have so many pairs of eyes in our wards and stakes
 I enjoy reading this book . Elder Ballard said , `` The Lord 's church is organized with councils at every level , beginning with the Council of the First Presidency and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and extending to stake , ward , quorum , auxiliary , and family councils . '' Elder Ballard teaches the importance of counsels to solve problems . A council provides valuable feedback and ideas that have significant impacts in a ward . In one case , a deacon advisor influenced the deacons quoroum to improve attendance , the ward was influenced and attendance increased and eventually impacted was felt at the stake level . Revelation , priesthood authority , and council combine to provide quality service , needed stablity , and needs safely met.Focus on people . Council meetings should keep coordination and calendaring to a minimum . The best resources and talent are available and time is precious , use the time to talk about people 's needs . Information discussed in councils should be confidential . Elder Ballard says , `` All councils in the Church should encourage free and open discussion by conferring with one another and striving to have clear , concise communication . Councils should discuss objectives and concerns , with mutual understanding being the ultimate goal . `` Sometimes a leader will voice his decision without counseling with his council . Priesthood leaders exercise authority to make decisions . Priesthood leaders lead with love and good example . Leaders have the benefit of the council ; spiritual gifts are associated with the responsibilities of the members ; and unity and purpose provide a powerful force .
 Russell Ballard believes that '' -LSB- i -RSB- f we are to succeed in leading our Heavenly Father 's children toward eternal life , we must counsel together and help each other . '' This book offers guidance on effective strategies for church leaders who work with others to perform their duties . An additional goal '' ... is to encourage priesthood leaders to invite the sisters to more fully participate . `` He begins by illustrating the benefits of working together in church callings , drawing on the strengths and experiences of many . And he warns about the burnout in `` one-cylinder wards '' where the bishop seems to do everything . Leaders still have the primary responsibility for organizations they are called to direct , but can be strengthened and assisted by counselors and councils who help develop and then implement solutions.Ballard illustrates the value of councils in several contexts . He begins with the Grand Council in premortality where the plans for Earth were formed . Following a discussion of the general nature of all kinds of councils , Successive chapters discuss councils at the general church level , in stakes and districts , in wards and branches , and among presidencies of smaller units . Ballard then shows how the same principles apply to church disciplinary councils and family councils.Acknowledging that councils differ according to their responsibilities and the personalities of their members , Ballard highlights some key commonalities . Even if they begin in disagreement , council members should work toward consensus and unanimous support of decisions . Confidentiality must be maintained of sensitive matters discussed in council . And good leaders have a responsibility to listen to the views expressed by all members as the council works . These common elements of councils help them draw on the strengths of all participants to support the leader 's decision-making . This book makes a strong contribution to effective leadership of and participation in church and family councils . It is recommended to all who would become more effective in these settings .
 The reviews given are very accurate . May I add that this is a must read for anyone serving in a leadership position in my opinion . Elder Ballard illustrates the how and why we should use councils within the church . He also includes a chapter on using councils within the family that I found very effective.I would also recommendLeadership for Saintsin conjunction with this book . I found that Leadership for Saints expanded on leadership topics beyond using councils .
 M. Russell Ballard , a general authority of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints , presents a clear picture that shows how anyone can use the council approach to solve problems . This approach can be used in any kind of organization , with a specific focus on family units and church councils . The main focus of the book is to teach the principles of counseling in councils and to show how anyone can apply those principles in virtually any organization.The book provides concrete examples that show how to counsel in a wide variety of church and family councils . Those examples show how this approach can be used to empower members of councils -LRB- including family members -RRB- , thereby building the overall effectiveness and productivity of all participants.I am working to apply these principles ; they work ! I recommend this book to anyone who is struggling to find ways to work more effectively , and to include fuller participation and increased productivity of council ! s in which they participate .
 Helpful in family councils , church councils , and more , moving the burden of leadership from one to many . Every leader can use this .
 I purchased this book for some new callings my wife and I were recently called to . We both wanted to learn a little more about how to lead since we 're serving in places we have n't done so before .
 I read this book from a quorum president perspective and the lessons Elder Ballard teaches are very insightful . He uses a lot of actual examples he has experienced or heard from others during his service in the church . He breaks the book into different types of councils from Church-wide all the way down to family council . The book was easy to read and understand . I came away with a lot of concrete ideas to implement , not just `` theories '' . I recommend this book for anyone in a teaching or leading position including that of being a parent !
 One of the most important elements of this book , which should be on the shelves of every Church member , is that our councils will not be effective unless they include women , their perspectives , their concerns , their knowledge , and their priorities . Elder Ballard persuasively argues that all councils , both in the Church and in the family , should be mindful of this eternal principle .
 Counseling with With Our Councils , was inspiring and instructive . It changed the way I administer - now and in the future . A must read for church leaders .
 It is amazing how dense people are - even more incomprehensible how vicious and unloving people are - - Dr Eby never said Jesus was coming back during his -LRB- Eby 's -RRB- lifetime , Doc claimed that Jesus told him that he would not be able to reach all the people he would like for him to reach before His -LRB- Jesus -RRB- returned - Doc Eby is still reaching out to people through the ministry of books and tapes and the Lord of Glory is waiting - delaying - His return out of love and mercy in hope that more of the mean spirited will get to read all of Dr Eby 's books and discover what a kind and loving person he was and what a miracle he is in surviving the horrors of this life to live to a ripe old age ! We have much to learn from Doc Eby yet and we need to find some of his videos for duplication and distribution so we can see what he really did have to say ! Full Gospel Business Mens Association may have some of Doc Eby 's videos ? Doc Eby is one of the first I wish to meet , after Jesus !
 I had the pleasure of reading this book over 20 yrs ago , and it still stays with me ... absolutely enthralling I loved it and now will purchase it again as it is well worth reading again
 This is a fantastic life after death experience written by a physician , whose credentials give greater weight to his testimony . He leads up to this miraculous event by recounting his life experiences , a bit of biography . I thoroughly enjoyed this book and it encouraged me tremendously after the recent death of my son , who had also proclaimed his faith in Christ before God took him . I enjoyed the book so much , I read it twice .
 I realize that Dr. Ebby made a mistake in saying that he wouldlive until Christ 's return , but let 's not forget the life of theman . There is no question in my mind that the good Doctor wasa man of God - this I think most of us can agree on . I thinkwe should be very careful when we place ourselves in judgementof others . Let 's remember the wonderful things he did and said and not the one mistake he made in a lifetime of valuable service to God . Jesus himself said , `` judge not and you shall not be judged '' - Matt . 7:1 . There was only one man that ever lived a perfect life and his name is Jesus .
 Dr. Richard Eby has experienced many miracles in his life . But his story of life after death changed my life . He falls off a balcony and splits his head open . They rush him to the hospital and thinking he is dead they sew his head up without cleaning the wound . God shows him a glimpse of heaven . Afterwards he can not remember the the fall . Later God lets him relive the fall to be able to tell others about the experience . A few years later while visiting the Holy Land . He enters the Tomb of Lazarus and everything goes dark . God speaks to him and tells him that he showed him a glimpse of heaven , now he will show him a glimpse of hell . His story is amazing ! I saw him on a television show telling his story in 1979 . I then went out and bought his book . It gave me the desire to start reading my Bible . Which is the greatest book of all !
 I actually read this book for the first time some 20 years ago . At the time I was skeptical , but I kept reading . I ca n't say that I believed all it , but I was inspired by every word . When I finished reading , I purposed to live a life of faith where I was waiting for , and expecting the workings of a Supernatural God to invade my pitiful life . Let me say that God has been faithful ! Today I am chronicling my own supernatural experiences for my kids in hopes that as the times grow more difficult they too will be inspired . Until that time , I will give them a copy of this book because we all need a Supernatural God who builds in us , words of testimony !
 One of the better books that I 've read over the past year . Dr. Eby provides a biographical review of the miracles that God has performed in his life , beginning with his birth in the pre-depression era through the 1980 's . I heard about this book on the radio and it was described as Dr. Eby 's trip to heaven after his clinical death due to an accident . What I found was a wonderful collection of stories about how God worked miracles throughout his entire life , including an amazing story of his brief trip to heaven -LRB- he describes it in great detail -- I ca n't wait ! -RRB- and a brief trip to hell -LRB- enough of a description to scare the salvation right into a non-believer -RRB- . Dr. Eby is a great story teller and the book is very easy to read and enjoy . A very uplifting and `` feel good '' book . A great book to read to kids too !
 In a practical down to earth style Dr. Eby chronicles his life through a series of amazing miracles that happened to him and to those around him .
 I read most all of this authors books , back when they first came out and he was making the rounds on TBN . He is a very friendly , personal sort of guy , that you could easily trust as your family doctor . There is quite a bit to be learned from his books & testimony . My faith was strengthened quite a bit at the time . His experance of having gone to heaven and returned to tell us about it , is only one of many miracles that he has experanced or witnessed in his life time . We should all be so willing , ready and able to tell about God , His Kingdom and His love for us .
 I want to respond about the posting here
 I personally heard this man speak at a full gospel business mens meeting about 20 - 22 years ago in Cedar Falls , Iowa . I have never seen such humility in a man . I bought his books and read them and then shared them with friends . His story is a documented account . It can be verified . You need to read both Tell them I 'm coming again and Caught up in Paradise . They will change your life.Steve Eastman Missouri
 Caught Up Into Paradise is a true story . It tells of many interesting facts that has happened in his life . He is a Christian man named Richard that lives in a world of sin . It is so amazing to learn from what he went through . He is blessed in so many ways . One part of the book he tells how he died when he fell off of a balconey and came back from being in heaven and tell how it was for him . This is just one miracles out of many he has had . In this book he is testifing of all the miracles that has happen in his life.I really enjoyed this book . It was so interesting and rally helps you inhance your faith in God . I think Richard E. Eby did a great jpb writing all the details . I think Caught Up Into Paradise is a great book because I learned so many things about my religion I didnt know.I thind Caught Up Into Paradise is a great book for anyone to read . It really gets your attetion and you want to see what other miracles are ahead .
 This was the very first Shakespeare book that I read . I knew the basic storyline -LRB- who does n't ? -RRB- , but at the end , tears were still spilling . After reading this play , I could n't see how anyone could ever complain about having to read Shakespeare . His phrasing was absolutely phenomenal . His brilliance really showed through in this play , I think . It was easy for me to relate to this book , since the characters are both teenagers who are madly in love with one another , and both parents disapprove . That element is real-life , which makes it very easy to relate to . I also think Shakespeare brought the characters across in a way that made me personalize them on a higher level . All in all , I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a challenge and a tear-jerker in one . Shakespeare was and will forever remain a genius .
 I was required to read this play for my ninth grade honors English class . I was expecting it to be a good read , but I found it to be an excellent read ! Shakespeare is a true genius . His witty puns and his enthralling details kept me grabbing onto every word . I am a true romantic at heart , and this was a very touching play . The character development and the ironic plot twists are also a very nice touch . If you have never read Shakespeare before , read this and you will be hooked on him forever .
 I loved this book , because it teaches people why not to have enemies due to consequences . Judging people like saying someone is a dork , jock , etc. could be murderous like in the book they killed themselves . It is realistic but fiction .
 `` Romeo and Juliet '' has to be one of Shakespeare 's most popular plays ; that does n't necessarily means it is his best , just one of his better plays . Superbly written , `` Romeo and Juliet '' excels at enchanting the readers or audiences with the beautiful language and powerful emotions . Like most of the Bard 's plays , it incorporates all major human emotions ; it is funny and poignant , breathtaking and heart-breaking . And though we are all familiar with the story through the melange of theatrical and cinematic interpretations and adaptions , nothing can compare with actually reading it ; as with the best Shakespearean plays , it is an experience rivaled by none other .
 I read this book in 9th grade and still read it now that I 'm in the 12th . Shakespeare 's play about two `` star-crossed lovers '' is funny , and suspensful , and sad , and readers of today can even relate to the situations in it . This book is a great example of how strong love can be , how assumptions can lead to tragedy , and the risks one will take for love .
 well written . hamlet was better
 Romeo and Juliet is the best of Shakespeares work ever . Everyone knows the story , but once you read it , it brings the meaning and connection to a different level . The language is beautiful . The words passed betweem Romeo and his love are so moving , you read them over and over . Even if you do n't understand what they are saying , you 'll still get the general idea and fall in love with this forbidden romance . Even though its a sad ending . The tragedy just adds more to the play . A magnificent book ... you have to read it .
 The language wraps you up and transports you to a time and land like no other . It 's full of love , hate , brutality , and loyalty . All these emotions get tangled up and mixed together . That lends itself to an amazing set of circumstances . There is no greater love story than Juliet and her fair Romeo . All other love stories are measured against this one and you will get lost in this classics story . It 's a true classic .
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry . `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a play that is hard to pin down -- some see it as the poetry-laden embodiment of romantic love , while others view it as Shakespeare 's witty jabs at fickle teenage infatuation and how melodramatic the kids are -LRB- Juliet is only thirteen ! -RRB- . But whatever you think it is , it 's undeniable that it 's a beautifully written , often-wrenching story.Despite the simplicity of the story , Shakespeare spins it in a silken web of lush poetry -LRB- `` O swear not by the moon , the inconstant moon/That monthly changes in her circled orb '' -RRB- and the famous speeches where Romeo and Juliet speak at night on a balcony . The mostly romantic play takes a dark turn towards the end , when only a few minutes might have changed the fates of `` Juliet and her Romeo . `` And Shakespeare seems rather fond of his characters here , depicting Romeo as a passionate young boy and Juliet as rather sweetly insecure young girl ; there 's also a fairly good cast of young men whose spirits are more elevated than their brains , and the kindly friar who rather naively hopes to use the kids to create peace.But Shakespeare was also clearly aware that passionate teenage love is not necessarily the truest love -LRB- `` Young men 's love then lies/Not truly in their hearts , but in their eyes '' -RRB- , and leaves you wondering what might have happened if Romeo and Juliet had lived.Whether a gentle mockery of young love or a passionate , idealized romance , `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a timeless and lovely little play . Not the best of the Bard , but still quite good .
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry . `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a play that is hard to pin down -- some see it as the poetry-laden embodiment of romantic love , while others view it as Shakespeare 's witty jabs at fickle teenage infatuation and how melodramatic the kids are -LRB- Juliet is only thirteen ! -RRB- . But whatever you think it is , it 's undeniable that it 's a beautifully written , often-wrenching story.Despite the simplicity of the story , Shakespeare spins it in a silken web of lush poetry -LRB- `` O swear not by the moon , the inconstant moon/That monthly changes in her circled orb '' -RRB- and the famous speeches where Romeo and Juliet speak at night on a balcony . The mostly romantic play takes a dark turn towards the end , when only a few minutes might have changed the fates of `` Juliet and her Romeo . `` And Shakespeare seems rather fond of his characters here , depicting Romeo as a passionate young boy and Juliet as rather sweetly insecure young girl ; there 's also a fairly good cast of young men whose spirits are more elevated than their brains , and the kindly friar who rather naively hopes to use the kids to create peace.But Shakespeare was also clearly aware that passionate teenage love is not necessarily the truest love -LRB- `` Young men 's love then lies/Not truly in their hearts , but in their eyes '' -RRB- , and leaves you wondering what might have happened if Romeo and Juliet had lived.Whether a gentle mockery of young love or a passionate , idealized romance , `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a timeless and lovely little play . Not the best of the Bard , but still quite good .
 We purchased two separate versions of Romeo and Juliet , one without the additional analysis and one with.Folger 's version was very beneficial for my son and his school project related to the play.How they contributed to the play was educational , clear , and brought real depth to a classic .
 I enjoyed this presentation of Romeo and Juliet . It has been a challenge to find supplimental material to help my students understand and appreciate the drama and humor in this fine work of art . I often begin with an adapted version of the tale for my young readers . Visit -LSB- ... -RSB- to review . L Heflick
 It was the product my daughter needed for school . I find the book binding rather flimsy but it does n't need to survive longer than her course and it was n't expensive so I ca n't complain .
 Bought this book for my son , who is in 9th grade . It is required reading which they have not yet started . It 's a classic , what more can one say .
 There 's a reason most college students have read this at least once for class . This story is timeless , speaks to any and all generations , and touching in a way no other book can match . It 's so worth reading !
 Shakespeare was a great play writer . He has written many plays , including Hamlet , Mid Summer Night Dream , and many others . Most of the plays that Shakespeare wrote were about love . The Play Romeo and Juliet mainly focused on the aspect of love.The Capulet and Montague families had been in a feud for many years . Romeo was a Montague and Juliet was a Capulet . The two families absolutely despise each other . While at a party , Romeo sees Juliet for the first time . Romeo Immediately fell in love with Juliet . Throughout the night he tried to get her attention . Finally , Romeo gets Juliet 's attention , and Juliet also immediately falls in love with Romeo.Romeo and Juliet never wanted to be away from each other . Romeo and Juliet 's love is forbidden and they can not tell their parents about it . The play of Romeo and Juliet tells the story of their love and what they had to be together forever . Although the play Romeo and Juliet is very well written , it was very sad.Shakespeare 's goal for this play was to let the audience know that everyone can find love , and he accomplished this very well . Overall , the play Romeo and Juliet is for all ages . The play , Romeo and Juliet , always kept me on my toes , anxiously waiting to see what would happen next . Everyone should get a chance to read Romeo and Juliet because it teaches you many life lessons . Shakespeare wanted to have his readers understand that they always need to live life to the fullest and believe in true love .
 Romeo and Juliet is the ultimate romance play ever written . Shakespeare is the master playwright of all ages . Whenever you feel your life is a tragedy , sit down and read this masterpiece , you will immediately feel better about your own life .
 Poor Romeo.Watching Romeo meander his way through the play is like tailgating a drunk driver . At any moment he could crash , and in the end he overcorrects his assumptions by swallowing the poison , and in some ways his death must be a relief to his troubled mind.Romeo 's status in the story changes with nearly every scene , whether by his own doing or by an external entity . However , his circumstance reflects in almost every case his willingness to succumb to his passions . From his love of Rosalind to his love for Juliet to his exile , he is a bundle of nerves . Taking a time out would slow the pace , and instead Shakespeare quickens it by transplanting Romeo 's moment of joy with Juliet with a moment of action and consequence
 This is one of the best books I 've ever read ! I think anyone with tast for drama should read this book ! Maybe not anyone under seven , but even so , maybe even they could read it !!! And it 's also pretty easy to understand ! If you do choose this book , I think you will love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Romeo and Juliet is a great tragic romance . The story is full of love , violence , passion and hate . It 's an excellent epic poem in which Shakespeare tells this tragic story using a beautiful language , very poetic and lyrical . Try it , you 'll never forget it.This story is about a pair of two star-crossed lovers , which take their life in Verona . For years , the feuding of the Montagues and the Capulets has disturbed the peace of Verona.It all began in a party in the Capulet 's house in which Romeo and Juliet made their love vows , and Romeo proposed marriage to Juliet . After this marriage , everything was tragic.Deaths and fights were constantly a problem in the two houses . So Romeo and Juliet would leave Verona to stop the quarrels , but this plan failed when Lord Capulet told Juliet to marry Paris.Friar Laurence would make a new plan , to skip this ceremony . Juliet would pretend to be dead and afterwards , when wake up , leave Verona with her love.This plan also failed because Romeo did n't get to know about this and killed himself when he saw Juliet lying on her grave . Juliet did the same when she saw Romeo lying beside her.After these deaths , both families realised that hate between them caused lots of deaths . Capulet and Montague made up their quarrel . They promised not to fight again and make a golden statue about the two beautiful star-crossed lovers .
 Two stars cross lover , Romeo and Juliet . From two hateful houses , Capulets and Montagues . Wanted to marry , but died in its attept.It all started when Romeo , a 15 year old boy , was desesperate because he could n't marry Rosaline.So , his best friend Benvolio invited him to a party at the Capulets mantion.There , he met Juliet , a 14 year old girl who was oblyed to marry County Paris , a well known man in the community . At the baul , they looked at each other not knowing how eachone was.When the party finished , Romeo went to Juliets balcony and heard her saying she loved him . So he entered to the balcony and asked her for her hand declaring his love for her.Two days later of secret love , they decided to marry . So , Friar Lawrence , the priest accepted to marry them , put he predict they were going to die if they wo n't say the true to their families . At the same time , Tybalt , a Capulet , cousin of Juliet , asked Benvolio and Mercutio , another friend of Romeo , to fight with him . After Tybalt killed Mercutio , Romeo appeared and killed his cousin in law , Tybalt . When the Capulets came and saw the disaster they exiled Romeo to Mantua . When Juliet realized this , she drunk a potion to seem dead and not to marry County Paris so when Romeo return she would escape with him . But when Romeo saw her ` dead ' he decided to kill himself.So when Juliet wake up , she saw Romeo layed dead new to her , she decided to kill herself.Like this , the terrible hate that each family had disappeared making Genova a better place for the people .
 Shakespeare wrote histories , tragedies and comedies . Each one of his plays fits into these genres except Romeo and Juliet . Romeo and Juliet is not a historical drama , is far from a comedy and does not follow all the rules of a tragedy . This is an exception of Shakespeare and quite an exceptional drama it is . Romeo and Juliet tells the story of two star crossed lovers whose families are at war which prevents them from coming together . How far the couple will go to be together becomes the focus of the story . Romeo and Juliet has n't got the depth or the emotion of Hamlet or Macbeth . It is a brilliant love story but not much more . It still possesses however some of his richest poetry . The opening and closing choruses are some of his most outstanding work and Romeo 's wooing of Juliet is fabulously written . The Friar gets the best lines , Mercutio gets some of the worst babbling on about nothing . It is not as good as Shakespeare has written but it 's still a fabulous book and up there with his best .
 This book has very witty writing and the content has had just what the public has wanted . It has everlasting love , fighting , humour , and some tragedy . It is amazing that it is still loved today by many , as in the late 1500 's . It is a very good book .
 Well , it was very romantic and very imaginative , totally complicated and fantastic to analyze , very emotional . I 'm touched deeply with Shakespeare .
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry . `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a play that is hard to pin down -- some see it as the poetry-laden embodiment of romantic love , while others view it as Shakespeare 's witty jabs at fickle teenage infatuation and how melodramatic the kids are -LRB- Juliet is only thirteen ! -RRB- . But whatever you think it is , it 's undeniable that it 's a beautifully written , often-wrenching story.Despite the simplicity of the story , Shakespeare spins it in a silken web of lush poetry -LRB- `` O swear not by the moon , the inconstant moon/That monthly changes in her circled orb '' -RRB- and the famous speeches where Romeo and Juliet speak at night on a balcony . The mostly romantic play takes a dark turn towards the end , when only a few minutes might have changed the fates of `` Juliet and her Romeo . `` And Shakespeare seems rather fond of his characters here , depicting Romeo as a passionate young boy and Juliet as rather sweetly insecure young girl ; there 's also a fairly good cast of young men whose spirits are more elevated than their brains , and the kindly friar who rather naively hopes to use the kids to create peace.But Shakespeare was also clearly aware that passionate teenage love is not necessarily the truest love -LRB- `` Young men 's love then lies/Not truly in their hearts , but in their eyes '' -RRB- , and leaves you wondering what might have happened if Romeo and Juliet had lived.The annotated edition is a very good one , especially for people who are just starting out on Shakespeare -- a couple of well-written , respectful introductions and extensive annotation that is useful but not intrusive . Whenever there 's a word that is unclear in meaning or different from how it was once perceived , there 's a little tip at the bottom of the page.Whether a gentle mockery of young love or a passionate , idealized romance , `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a timeless and lovely little play . Not the best of the Bard , but still quite good .
 The book is quite unique with the special features included in it . The new cover is also quite pretty . This play has a lot of cultural context for English speaking people ; its often taught in school and as a result it has to be one of the most well known Shakespearen plays.The character cast is quite diverse in this play . Two rivaling families and two lovers who should have never fallen in love due to their family ties . It 's a fairly passionate play as Romeo and Juliet had to meet in secret because of the fact their families hated each other.I think Shakespeare wrote the play to warn against teenage fatuation . Romeo and Juliet 's fate could have been spared if they had just waited a long time . It 's kind of sad .
 It was in a good shape , very pretty , exactly how I imagined and arrived faster than I thought it would .
 This book is beautiful - gorgeous shiny cover and perfect gorgeous story about love and tragedy . Very Twilight Bella and Edward x
 My son was asking about Gnomeo and Juilet and I was explaining about Shakespeare and how he wrote Romeo and Juliet . So I downloaded it for my 10 yr old son . HE LOVED READING it on my Kindle !
 This play is almost always a required piece for freshmen in high school . I teach it in my freshman literature class . However , the play is not Shakespeare 's best work , in fact it is far from it.The interplay between the characters is odd . I really do n't think the nurse and Friar Lawrence have any business getting involved in Romeo 's and Juliet 's lives . Besides , this play has spawned a whole sub-genre of literature and theater that we would be better off without.Juliet is by far the strongest character in the play , but even she is overcome by simple adolescent emotions . She could have been the County Paris ' wife and eventually been the Queen of France , instead she chose Romeo and brought disaster to herself and her family . That is what is grating about the play , most modern readers do n't understand the real moral of the play ... that Juliet and Romeo should have honored their respective parents and only married who they were told , then disaster could have been averted .
 I really like her service ! buying it as a replacement for a book i lost and its really good ! I RECOMMEND HER !
 I ordered textbooks for my child 's high school classes . I was pleased to receive the books within a short period of time . Also , the books were all in great shape upon arrival ! I felt each book that I received was accurately described .
 Romeo Montague is a rakish adolescent prone to falling in love all too easily . He falls in love with Juliet Capulet . Unfortunately the Montague and Capulet families are bitter rivals . Romeo 's confessor , Friar Laurence , at first scolds him for his inconstancy but after realizing he is sincere and that Juliet feels as Romeo does , he sees their love as the means of resolving the destructive feud between the two families.Alas , the feud comes to a head , men are killed , and Romeo must flee . Juliet is forcibly engaged to another man . She drugs herself to feign death and is buried in the family crypt . An unknowing Romeo seeks her out and kills himself in the crypt , falling across her body . Upon waking from her drug induced sleep , Juliet finds Romeo 's body and kills herself in despair.Romeo And Juliet is a play about love and I like to compare it with one of Shakespeare 's Roman plays , Antony And Cleopatra.Compare Romeo and Juliet 's obsession for each other against Antony and Cleopatra 's . What makes Romeo and Juliet 's passion love rather than lust ? It 's more innocent . Sure Romeo has had is share of infatuations and there is some doubt that his newfound love for Juliet is any more genuine than what he felt before . But Romeo does commit to Juliet ; he marries her . Later , when he believes her dead , he follows her.Antony and Cleopatra are just as obsessed with each other ; Antony kills himself when he believes that Cleopatra is dead and she kills herself , as did Juliet , when she realizes her lover really is dead . But Antony and Cleopatra also betray each other . Perhaps with good reasons , but at any rate with the cynicism that comes from having lived longer than Romeo and Juliet had . They lack the innocence of younger couple , and their cynicism keeps lustful buds from blooming into love.Another trait the two plays share is that both tales warn us to be cautious of forces we can not control . In Antony And Cleopatra we learn to fear lust ; from Romeo And Juliet we learn to fear romantic love . Therefore neither play is a tragedy in the classical sense . The unhappy resolution in each play does n't develop from character flaws ; it works out from forces hurling them to their destruction.Love and lust are n't the same thing but they are both intense passions and powerful manifestations of what the Greeks called the Furies , the elemental animal forces that drive us all . Without denying these forces , we must give them their due respect and beware.Vincent Poirier , Tokyo
 Arrived so , so fast . My son was thrilled . It was a replacement for the same book he left on a plane with his notes in it . How do you review Shakespeare ? So I will review the fabulous service , once again , of amazon !! The speed was the key here because my son was in the role of Romeo and beginning rehearsal . Thank you , amazon .
 My 15 year old daughter is using this for her English/Drama studies . The side-by-side text is a huge help . The information preceding each act is very helpful and interesting as are the comprehension questions at the end of each section .
 Very happy with this product . Just as described . Arrived in the time specified ! Pleased with this purchase and would suggest it to anyone else !
 Of course this is an immortal story that has been read for centuries and at least one beautiful motion picture has been based on it . But , I guess I 'm a `` dunce '' because I never could understand much of the dialogue . `` What he say ? '' was my reaction to much of it . But , I discovered these Folger Shakespeare Library editions that have the dialogue as written by Shakespeare in Elizabethan English on the right side of the page and the `` translations '' and explanations on the left . Wow ! That format makes it very easy to enjoy this book without going to a dictionary every 90 seconds or so ! And , for teachers , I think they 'll be overjoyed when they see the positive results they could get in class ! If you have any opinions about this edition please email boland7214@aol .
 I am a high school English teacher looking at the different versions of classics texts available for Kindle -LRB- fire -RRB- , so my review will not be for the play itself , but rather for the eBook -- readability , layout , price , and other features.This version of Romeo and Juliet is my favorite 99 cent version for several reasons . First , there are links to each act and scene . Next , the page layout is clean and easy to read with spaces between each speaker . Finally , the line formatting is in the correct iambic pentameter format , though there are no line numbers . There are no annotations or explanations , but none of the good 99 cent versions provide that either . Bottom line , easy to use !
 For the cost of ... , you can own a copy of the world 's greatestlove story
 At least that 's what I feel should have been a worthy epitaph for these two ill-fated lovers . I read this classic work of fiction because I 've never read anything by Shakespeare before . Being a romantic , I found it appealed to me as one unfathomable story of doomed love , and may I say the ending could not have been any other , even if it had n't been a fictitious story . I agree with Ms. Paster , who in this edition gives a final , parallel account of the story in comparison to modern times ; when she says that Romeo and Juliet 's only way out to consumate their love was through death , because they had trespassed socially acceptable conventions of the era , and not just due to a family feud . This is true especially of Juliet , who , because she was a woman , had the least advantages and the most pressures to be married to someone previously chosen and approved by her father . She defies the world - literally - and runs to the arms of her Romeo to be married in secret . I can not imagine the terrible strain and fear a woman would have gone through in the 1500 's should she choose to follow her heart in such a way . I find Juliet , in this sense , a true pioneer of women 's rights . She definitely risks it all , defying even her own father -LRB- the man who would `` owned '' her until she got married -RRB- . The passage where he confronts her about her arranged marriage to Count Paris has to be one of the cruelest speeches in classic literature . She certainly would have to make use of a humongous supply of nerve to defy convention.Romeo , on his behalf , is truly besotted with Juliet . He admires her beauty more than her courage and , like most men when in love , shows himself a pathetic spectacle . However , he loves her and can not live without her . He only has eyes and , what 's really important , heart for her . That is why , when he receives news of her death , he decides to go to her tomb and kill himself there . The ill-fated destiny plays these lovers a bad hand when Romeo does not get a letter in time explaining his beloved 's circumstances for her death.I enjoyed Shakespeare 's language the most during the first half of the book . When Romeo climbs to Juliet 's window and stays with her for a few hours in the night -LRB- the only time the young lovers have for each other throughout the play -RRB- . He expresses his love with unforgettable lines . He wishes he would be someone else , so that he could love her freely
 As an experienced high school English teacher , I always advise my students and their parents to purchase a Folger 's edition of Shakespeare 's plays . The notes , summaries , and other commentary serve the novice Shakespearean reader well and make the classical allusions and denotations of unfamiliar and common words and phrases from the Elizabethan age much easier for 21st Century readers to understand .
 Romeo and Juliet is a wonderful read . I loved reading every minute of it . The summaries and the explanatory notes help you understand everything about it . This is a great book and I would recommend you read this as an introduction to Shakespeare . I did and I am now going to start A Midsummer Night 's Dream . Read this book ! You 'll love every minute of it !
 This is Shakespeare as it should be ... no extraneous notes , no unnecessary stage directions , nothing but the text . If you are looking for anything that explains character , language , theme , etc. do n't look here , as Shakespeare never wrote any of that . This is purely the text as-is . As a theatre professor , I would rather have my students work with a text like this rather than one littered with useless commentary and biased notations . If you do n't understand a term or reference , use the Oxford English Dictionary rather than the limp and limited notes available in many editions .
 For some reason Amazon puts reviews of any edition of a given Shakespeare play on each edition 's webpage . So , if you are wondering why to buy the Folger over the Cambridge or the Cambridge over the Arden , or just to spend a buck on the Dover Thrift Edition , you have to wade through dozens or hundreds of reviews of all the other editions . I have no idea why Amazon does this , as many people will have very particular interests , and various editions will serve those interests differently . It 's maddening . Amazon should keep its Arden reviews on the Arden page , Dover on the Dover page , and so on . What gives ??? Anyway , it appears that Arden 's Third Series of R&J ; is unavailable , or perhaps not yet out . If it is available when you read this and you are looking for a first-rate scholarly edition , I 'd buy that one -- although I confess I 've personally never seen it . But the Third Series of the Ardens , and I have read many , are really first-rate . The Second Series of the Ardens vary . I 'd put this one in the middle . It 's quite a bit more thorough than what you would get from , say , the Signet editions -LRB- or Dover -RRB- but maybe a wee bit out of date and , like most Arden Second Series editions , extremely concerned with editorial conundrums and less concerned with exegesis . But there 's a lot of that in this edition , and I am quite satisfied with it . I will , however , buy the Third Series when I can.One other point I always make about the Ardens
 This is n't my favorite of all of Shakespeare 's stuff . First of all , Mercutio is the best character , and he dies too soon . Second , I did n't really like Romeo and Juliet enough to care a lot when they died.As for all the metaphors and allusions packed in , that 's always interesting . I think people start Shakespeare with this play , because it 's not as difficult as the other tragedies , which I suppose is a good idea . After this , go to Macbeth -LRB- the best ! -RRB- .
 Caution Scalawags
 Great classic borught back to life with this very easy to read -LRB- text formatting -RRB- rendition of romeo and juliet . No variations were made . Keep in mind this was not meant to be read in your head , it is a play . None of Shakespeare was meant for reading really.You can red it if you really want obviously but if you want the true experience read it alound , alone , in a group or act it out.At only $ 0.99 it is perfect for a book club !!!
 I read this book in school and in my opinion the story may be good but the vocabulary was very difficult . You ca n't read without a dictionary . I had to read like five times a line because I did n't understand a word . It 's a very dramatic and romantic play . I like tragedies but this play is very detailed and has a lot of scenes . I would like some day to read the same story but in actual English . If it were n't because of the literature teacher did n't help us understand I think nobody would have understood a thing . It 's a very good story . I would recommend to read it but not in old English . Shakespeare 's words are weird but romantic and may be too nice for his time . He is very creative and plays a lot with the characters.It 's funny how two different teenagers and from families who hated each other could have love one another . At the end they would have died if instead they had had hated each other because of the quarrel . This tragedy is weird and something different from all of the other plays , and I think that may be that 's why It 's still famous now a days .
 Book ReviewROMEO AND JULIETBy
 This is a timeless classic that really tells a love story that could really happen . Romeo and Juliet are hopelessly in love and can only think of each other and no longer are they concerned with their families brawls . Lots of sword fighting and sublte comments that made this one of Shakespeares best writes . One that I will read over and over again , and always get new information out of it .
 This play is great . Not at all overrated . Beautiful , passionate , affecting , etc. .
 Its a great story of romance and tragedy all in one
 I use Romeo and Juliet as a unit in my literature class , but only when I have a mature class of Sixth Graders . Therefore , I do not use it every year . After a lesson on pronouncing some of the English and what it means , I pick the best readers to do the reading , and switch off daily . We also study the conflicts and do quite an indepth study of the play . They love it !! I end with the Zefferelli version of Romeo and Juliet on Video . The Dover Press edition makes it affordable to buy every student a copy for them to make notes in and keep when we are done !!!
 This version uses footnotes too much . Every little unclear word is attached to a footnote . It 's very distracting when reading and takes you away from this book . A lot of the words do n't need to be footnoted , I guess the editor thought that the people who would read this would be idiots .
 The play 's setting is the Italian city of Verona where Romeo and Juliet , the star-crossed lovers , face authorianism with a blood feud between each other 's family , the Montegues and the Capulets . At a feast , Romeo notices and is struck by Juliet 's beauty . At the first opportunity he approaches her ; they fall in love immediately . Only after parting do they learn that they belong to rival families . The two exchange vows and decide to marry the next day , expecting that they will bring peace to the feuding families . Many deaths resulted from this relationship . Romeo and Juliet is one of the best romantic stories in history which motivated many people to rethink hatred against one another . It captures the essence of true love .
 I love this romantic story that ends in tragety . It is the original Notebook -LRB- with death lol -RRB- . Thank you so much !
 This timeless classic by William Shakespeare retains its power several centuries later . This story of doomed lovers from rival families in 16th Century Verona , Italy has fascinated readers around the world . Dashing young Romeo and Juliet are truly in love , but circumstances are against them as they belong to rival families . The family feuding means their love is forbidden - and dangerous . After the grief-stricken Romeo kills Tybalt -LRB- as Tybalt killed his friend Mercutio -RRB- , Romeo is exiled under penalty of death should he return . Deeply in love with Juliet , he returns , and the tragedy continues , culminating in the accidental deaths of both lovers.Few stories resonant so well with young , romantic , and older readers as does this timeless classic . This ris one of my favorites stories of all time , and some acclaim it as Shakespeare 's greatest tragedy -LRB- inspiring debate with fans of Hamlet , MacBeth , etc. -RRB- . There is even an excellent hip-hop film version using the orginal old English that Shakespeare used . This timeless classic is well worth your time .
 Fast delivery of all products . We just received the Bunn coffee maker . This is the fourth Bunn coffee maker we have purchased over thirty years . Great product . The book and the hair iron were gifts so we do n't know how they were liked .
 i do not understand this book but it was still good but I think I will get one with the easier version . I also think it was written four hundred years ago . So its still good .
 Romeo and Juliet would have to be the best book I have ever read . It 's about a young boy and girl who fall in love . They are forbbiden to see each other , because of enemies between their religion . Therefor they do some preety intense sneaking around . I prefer this book to any age .
 best story ever made . no other . . story touches this . its true love , they wooed , feel inlove , and died for love . Is n't that what we all want ?
 The classic Romeo and Juliet . Wonderful book , wonderful read.Kindle users
 I never tire of Shakespeare 's timeless tragedy about the two ill-fated lovers . Romeo is so charming and Juliet so innocent and sweet , Shakespeare just portrays them perfectly . I am 14 and call me old fashioned but Romeo and Juliet is one of my favorite stories . This is Shakespeare at his best . : -RRB-
 Romeo and Juliet is one of the all time classics of the legend Shakespeare . Such is the charm and magnetism of this epoch-making play that even today - almost 400 years after it was published - the lovers still swear by Romeo and Juliet . The Dover Thrift edition of Romeo and Juliet made an interesting reading . The language and dialogues , far from being archaic are animating . It infuses life into the eternal charm of Juliet and bravery of Romeo . The romance between the protagonists was never so enchanting neither the catastrophe of the tragedy so heart-rending . Cast on the background of disgusting hatred between their families , the Love of Romeo and Juliet shines like a bright star , thus , driving home the age old message that virtue of Love always reigns supreme.You can certainly buy this book for a memorable brush with genre of Romantic tragedy !
 William Shakespeare is one of the great playwrights of all time . He is known across the world . Arguably the greatest book he ever wrote was `` Romeo and Juliet '' . This past quarter , my entire freshmen class was required to read this classic play . For most of us , it was the first time we had ever read it . `` Romeo and Juliet '' is about two , `` star-cross 'd lovers , '' named Romeo and Juliet , living in the city of Verona . The city of Verona has one , very long lasting feud between the Montague family , and the Capulet family . This is where the problem comes in . With Romeo being a Montague , and Juliet being a Capulet , their love is forbidden.Romeo is convinced by one of his friends , Mercutio , to sneak into a masquerade party held by the Capulets . Romeo is still depressed about breaking up with a girl named Rosaline -LRB- who we never hear from once -RRB- . He continues to be depressed at the masquerade , until he sees Juliet for the first time . It is love at first sight . The same goes for Juliet.After the masquerade , Romeo goes to see Juliet . In most movies this scene takes place with Juliet on a balcony , but the play never mentions anything of a balcony . Romeo and Juliet have a romantic talk with each other . The next day , Friar Lawrence secretly marries the two.This is where the play really takes off . One event after the other occurs that twists the plot . All these events lead up to one of the most well known ending of any play in history.Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a very well written play . Although the Elizabethan style of writing is difficult to understand , it fits the play fantastically.Some people might think that the plot is not that special and could have been thought up by anyone . That is true in some aspects . Now that we look back on `` Romeo and Juliet '' and then see all the other love stories written in the past three hundred years , we take this play for granted . The plot is not the most interesting of all time , but I enjoyed it very much.The bottom line of this book is that Shakespeare was able to write a very interesting tragedy , which is what he was trying to do from the beginning . Shakespeare is able to create a plot where everything that occurs , happens for a reason , ending in a very sad , tragic ending . I enjoyed this book very much , and I think any reader will like it also .
 This is a great tool for high schoolers as they attempt to come to grips with Shakespearean English . With modern text on one page and the original text on the facing page , they not only understand the story line , they also begin to understand the many nuances . My high schoolers not only excelled in their English class , they became Shakespeare fans .
 This tragic tale of Romeo and Juliet is one of Shakespear 's best known plays . It shows how pride and grudges can cause tragedies so it is better to let a problem go than hold a grudge.This story starts out with Romeo and his cousins walking around in the market place when all of a sudden Juliets cousins come by . They argue over a bit thumb and start to brawl . One of Romeo 's cousins die and Tibalt dies as well.Then there is a party in which Romeo decides to invade . He meets Juliet and falls in love with her . She ends up falling in love with him too but their love ca n't happen because of their families feud against one another . They decide to flee because she was going to be wed with someone else.Juliet comes up with a plan that never reaches Romeo 's ear . The plan was that she would take a poison that would put her in a deep sleep where it appears that she is dead . Romeo shows up and sees a stiff body of her loved one and he takes his own life with a poison bottle . Juliet wakes up and sees her lover dead so she takes her life away with a dagger . The priest shows up alon with the enemy families . They see what happened and decided not to have a problem between them anymore.This is a simple summarry of the great play of Romeo and Juliet . It is a tragedy that something horrible has to happen in order for the families to figure out that their fight was unecessary.This is a great play that everyone should know and should have the moral of this story in their minds when they have grudges .
 `` The Tradegy of Romeo and Juliet '' was a play that touched me deeply . the plot of two families torn apart but brought togater by love touched my deeply touched me deeply . the capulets and motagues we fighting but they came back togather by thir son and doughter in love . i say this book is a great book that tells of the way that people can hate and love eachother at the same time and is a great story for all ages .
 Looking for a nice Valentine 's Day gift ? Look no further than the bookstores that contain this New Folgers Library edition of Shakespeare 's romantic tragedy , his most famous work , Romeo and Juliet . Romeo and Juliet is also one of Shakespeare 's most human stories , involving bitter rivalry and societal roles that were common in the Renaissance . Romeo and Juliet 's origins are obscure , although there are speculations that it was a true account in early Renaissance history . Romeo , of the Montague family , falls in love with Juliet , of the Capulets . The Montagues and Capulets have long been rivals , a feud has made enemies of them for some unknown and unexplained reason . Romeo and Juliet defy the opposition from their families in a taboo , forbidden love . The most famous scene , and certainly the most romantic , is the Balcony scene . Romeo has discovered Juliet 's balcony and declares his undying love for her . It may seem like an infatuation , a passing obscession , and we can always make the argument that they are young , after all . But the poetic imagery -LRB- Romeo compares Juliet to the sun -RRB- , the inspirational zeal that Romeo has for Juliet , who reciprocates , eventhough she is much more rational than he is . They are married in secret but the tragedy kicks in after Romeo has slain Tybalt in a duel.Romeo is banished from Verona . Juliet is engaged to marry the well-to-do and powerful Paris . In despair , Juliet drinks poison which makes her sleep and appear dead for a long time . Her family put her body inside the ancestral tomb . When Romeo returns to Verona and learns that Juliet is `` dead '' , he rushes into the tomb and takes his own life with fatal poison . Juliet , waking from her sleep , discovers Romeo is dead and stabs herself . When the feuding Capulets and Montagues discover that the lovers have committed suicide because they were forbidden due to their enmity , they make peace.The classic story can be applied to many people who feel love , and must overcome obstacles and oppositon . Although it is deeply tragic , it is a necessary tragedy for prejudice and hatred to be vanquished . This version , from the Folgers group , is the best . It provides commentary on Shakespeare and his time , the making of this play and contains the best translation of antiquated phrases that give so many modern readers a hard time . Romeo and Juliet is the most perfect Valentine 's Day gift for those who appreciate the glorifed romances of the past .
 My favorite book is The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet , a dramatic romance novel by William Shakespeare . Shakespeare blends sword - fighting with the romance Romeo and Juliet share , which results in a outstanding play . Three reasons why I think everyone should read The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet are because of the ways Shakespeare expresses the affection between Romeo and Juliet , the rival among their families , and the tragic death of the two young lovers . Even though , there 's a lot of fighting , this is still a fantastic novel . That is why I think everyone should read this novel .
 Certainly ca n't beat the price . Note to any people hoping to use this in a classroom though
 I would recommend this to anyone who is a Shakespeare fan . This is my very favorite Shakespeare play which is why I purchased it . So far , I 've been very satisfied with my purchase .
 The text is renowned and well-appreiciated already so there 's no point in saying how awesome it is . Everyone knows that already . But there are few things about this particular print that you should note before buying :1 -RRB- It comes in fairly original text and wordings and is not converted into standardize english .2 -RRB- It comes with explanation of the difficult words on the side .3 -RRB- There 's also side-note with interesting facts which will keep you interested should you loose interest in the book .4 -RRB- It 's one of the most famous piece of written text in history and you should read it as soon as you can .5 -RRB- It 's not that big so you 'll finish it sooner than later
 The book unfortunately does n't have line numbers next to them . Now I 'm not sure if this is a bug on my kindle , or if it goes for everybody who has this book , but line numbers are n't there . I need to read this book for school and it would help if there are line numbers for reference . Other than that it is a pretty good book !
 I believe this is a wonderful work and extremely poetic , but of course it is nothing compared to works like Hamlet .
 I read this book in 8th grade for English class and we spent a lot of time on it . We looked at the smallest details that we would n't have recognized if we were reading it on our own . Then we watched the movie and I cried at the end . It was very sad . But when you look at it in reality , it 's a week long relationship that got five people killed . I never understood how they fell in love so deeply in the first place . I have a problem understanding how such a thing could happen , because love at first sight is kind of rare these days . Although I definetely give credits to Shakespeare for the dramatic irony , seriously I do n't think any other book does it better than Romeo and Juliet . I 'm glad I read this book because without noticing we talk about it a lot in today 's time , and it helps me communicate when such conversations come up . I knew it would n't end happily because that 's what makes it so tragic and unforgettable . If Romeo and Juliet lived happily ever after , people would have thought `` Yeah sure , like that 's possible '' . I mean it would have been more of a fairy tale instead of a novel . I recommend this book to everyone though . Just a tip
 I ordered this book for my 9th grade regular students for learning Romeo and Juliet . It has the Shakespeare version on one side and the plain English translation on the other . It really helped some of my lower level students get involved in learning the play instead of getting discourage because they did n't understand the language . I highly recommend this product , especially for struggling readers .
 this book makes it so much easier to understand the context of this book . there are definitions of some of the words that are almost impossible to understand . there are character explainations as well . very good version for a student !
 I loved this book . My daughter has not read it yet but will in her English class in December . I ordered all books at once and they all came very quickly .
 Ordered this book since it was required reading for my freshman son . It was exactly what the teacher requested . Shipping was fast and book was in good shape . Thanks !
 I was very pleased with the condition of this book . It contained no marks and seemed new !
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry . `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a play that is hard to pin down -- some see it as the poetry-laden embodiment of romantic love , while others view it as Shakespeare 's witty jabs at fickle teenage infatuation and how melodramatic the kids are -LRB- Juliet is only thirteen ! -RRB- . But whatever you think it is , it 's undeniable that it 's a beautifully written , often-wrenching story.Despite the simplicity of the story , Shakespeare spins it in a silken web of lush poetry -LRB- `` O swear not by the moon , the inconstant moon/That monthly changes in her circled orb '' -RRB- and the famous speeches where Romeo and Juliet speak at night on a balcony . The mostly romantic play takes a dark turn towards the end , when only a few minutes might have changed the fates of `` Juliet and her Romeo . `` And Shakespeare seems rather fond of his characters here , depicting Romeo as a passionate young boy and Juliet as rather sweetly insecure young girl ; there 's also a fairly good cast of young men whose spirits are more elevated than their brains , and the kindly friar who rather naively hopes to use the kids to create peace.But Shakespeare was also clearly aware that passionate teenage love is not necessarily the truest love -LRB- `` Young men 's love then lies/Not truly in their hearts , but in their eyes '' -RRB- , and leaves you wondering what might have happened if Romeo and Juliet had lived.Whether a gentle mockery of young love or a passionate , idealized romance , `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a timeless and lovely little play . Not the best of the Bard , but still quite good .
 I loved this book . Its Shakespeare at his best . Great edition of this timeless classic .
 I 'm not a believer in love at first sight , so I always thought the premise was a bit silly . I did n't come to love this play until I taught it to a group of ninth graders during my semester of student teaching.I had read the play in school , but was never given the opportunity to do more than merely read it . My students were encouraged to act it out and to watch clips from several versions to see how a different director 's perspective could change the story . The most fun day was when the class divided up into Montagues and Capulets and hurled Shakespearean insults at each other.People get scared of the language , but that 's really the best part of Shakespeare . Revel in it !
 `` Romeo and Juliet '' maintains pace until the very last page . Audacious crashing of the enemy 's ball , love at first sight , underground marriage , fateful killings of Merkutio and of Tybalt , exile , ruse with Juliet 's death , life-threatening return to Verona , killing of Paris and the double death make it as eventful as any Shakespearean play.The first pages of Scene I set the tone . The rapid-fire wordplay exchange between Sampson and Gregory will be echoed in the puns throughout the play . The speed with which the servants ' brawl escalates to the brawl of their masters will be repeated when the two youngsters , having met at the evening ball , immediately fall in love and the same night decide to marry . The spirit and imagination of the two minor characters , shining especially bright against the clumsiness of the two pater familias , will resurface in the colorful if bawdy Merkutio and the bold old Nurse , dangerously close , respectively , to Romeo and Juliet.Merkutio and Nurse are the most playful characters of this play . Like Richard in `` Richard III '' , Porter and Weird Sisters in `` Macbeth '' , Fool in `` Lear '' or Iago in `` Othello '' , they are the recipients of the most animated spirits . While Romeo and Juliet advance the narrative , these supporting characters create sparks for the moment . I enjoyed the play more for these sparks than for the larger movements of the plot .
 After recently reading `` Romeo and Juliet , '' I can see why it 's not considered one of Shakespeare 's best . It 's good , do n't get me wrong-I ca n't imagine ever giving anything by Shakespeare less than five stars in one of these reviews . It 's just that , compared to some of his other plays such as `` Hamlet , '' `` Macbeth , '' or even comedies like `` A Midsummer Night 's Dream '' and `` As You Like It , '' `` Romeo and Juliet '' comes across as somewhat lightweight.Why is that ? I guess my main complaint with `` Romeo and Juliet '' is that the language is n't quite up to snuff ; the metaphors are n't as rich and expressive as those that liberally litter the soil of other Shakespeare plays . Shakespeare 's writing is almost always beautiful , but in `` Romeo and Juliet , '' there seems to be more of an emphasis on telling a simple story in the very simplest manner . This is not necessarily a bad thing , but in the case of Shakespeare , what you miss are the transporting turns of phrase that , when they hit you just right , fling you thrillingly heavenward.I 've come to feel that Shakespeare has a leg up on 21st century entertainment . His special effects are all on the page . They 're hard-wired into the story and appeal to the soul as well as the eye . Unfortunately , in `` Romeo and Juliet '' there 's comparably little there to feed the soul .
 Is a review even necessary ? I have read the classic tale of star-crossed lovers fifteen times . No , I am not -LSB- strange -RSB- , but an English teacher , although crazed Romeo and Juliet junkie may apply because I love the play more every time I read it with students . Of course there is the beauty of the poety -LRB- `` How silver sweet sound lovers tongues at night '' ... the alliteration slips and slides across the tongue -RRB- , and the thematic depths of love , hate , gender , misunderstanding , betrayal , chance and fate . There is the imagery of bright suns and shimmering jeweled stars ; ships sailing across a boundless sea ; brawling love and loving hate . But the best thing about this play is the characters . During one reading I love Romeo for his poetry and earnestness ... in the next he is overblown and heartsick to the point he is nauseating , but that 's exactly it - Shakespeare created characters that are complex , and real - even to teenagers today . The second best thing is the downright dirty -LSB- physical -RSB- humor that spews from the mouth of Mercutio . `` The bawdy hand of the dial is on the prick of noon . '' This man can make teenagers blush . And he can make them swoon . And he can make them laugh . And when we read Romeo and Juliet as adults -LRB- perhaps over and over like me -RRB- we can try to remember if it 's possible to feel as passionately as those disasterously fated young lovers did . I sure hope so .
 Book ReviewROMEO AND JULIETBy
 If you like stories with Romance , action , and many other exciting things , this is a story for you . William Shakespear was one of the best writers of all time , and this book proves it . In this story , you will get to read about sword fighting , love at first sight , and suspence ! So once again if you like reading and hearing about the swashing of a sword and unconditional love , definately read this ! +
 Ok , first of all , I 'm not going to reveiw the story . If you do n't know what it 's about , read someone elses reveiw . This publication of the play has a great layout . You 'd think having the actual story printed only on every other page would be annoying , ut it makes it a lot easier to find parts . The notes on the opposite page , as well as the pictures to go with them are helpful and informative , not only in understanding the story , ut in getting a feel for the language . The essays in the beginning and end are interesting to read , but annoying for those people who just want to open the book and get sucked in headlong . The guide to famous lines in the back is a great study guide as well .
 Romeo and Juliet is the story of two young children who decided to live their forbidden love , although their parents were terrible enemies . Because of this , their lives ended with their tragic deaths , making their families agree in what for years they were fighting for.I like this story because it shows the bravery young people have , without caring what adults say . They should have thought this better , so their would n't have ended in the tragic way they did , both of them committing a tragic suicide . This tragic also affected other lives , such as their parents , which suffered a lot for them .
 Romeo and Juliet is a Elizabethan play where two star-croseed teenagers take their lives for the name of love . In the city of Verona , Italy , two of the richest familes are in feud and have interrupted the streets three times . The prince says that one more violent intrude in the streets , and someone will have to die . Romeo 's best friend is killed by Tybalt , Juliet 's cousin . In retaliation , Romeo slays Tybalt . Romeo is then exiled , not put to death , for doing what the government would have done anyway . Juliet and Romeo are saddend by his banishment . Juliet fakes her death in order to be able to runaway with Romeo to a nearby city called Mantua . Romeo takes it as her real death , and slays himself by her side . Juliet then wakes up and stabs herself with his dagger . They are found , two lovers bound by their families hate , side by side , in the Capulet tomb . Their parents vow to end the feud and build golden statues in their memory . A TRUE FAVORITE !
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry.This edition also has Jacqueline Ritten 's `` Juliet 's Story
 I 'm not going to review the story as we all know it or are at least familiar with it.The book here is very useful . I found it to be a big help in studying Shakespeare works with my children . The notes on the opposite page are enough to clear the clouds of the writing style and vocabulary.I thought the intro 's and such to also be a nice help for the study.I bought several of these Folger books for our class.I feel these books are a great study aide for those who want to understand a little more the stories of Shakespeare.If your not a Shakespeare fan and/or loath his work , no book is going to help you experience Shakespeare with a better attitude . But if you want a study guide that may help you understand the work a little more , this can be a great aide .
 A new job for the summer , kids I know nothing about and Romeo and Juliet is the book I choose for summer reading . So far the kids are enjoying it although many of the words are above their heads . We may not get through it with all the other stuff we have to do but at least they 'll have been exposed to one of the greatest love stories of all time .
 It remains one of the greatest works ever published . The lines never get old and this particular version allows the story to shine even as it ages .
 Romeo and Juliet is a very good and unique play . It may take a while to get used to at first , since its written in the old kind of english . But you can get some help online translating the lines . It is a tragedy so do not expect a happy ending.The story sets in the city of verona . Were both capulets and montagues , two powerful houses , have fights , but know one really knows why they fight . Romeo is depressed about love and his relative invites him to go to a capulet party . At that party he meets juliet . They fall in love at first sight.they plan to marry but know its risky beacuse of there family . They secretly get married by the friar.and the rest i will leave you to figure out . Dont want to spoil the ending.My reaction to the plays ending , i was shocked , the ending is very good everything makes sense.Not like other books that it keeps you wondering what happens . Overall its a very good play and i definetly recomend it to anyone who wants to read a good tragedie .
 This is definitely the best play of all time ! If you have never read it , then you should as soon as possible !
 I 'm very happy with the condition of this book and the price is extremely reasonable .
 new book $ 1 very cheap . good shipping . it translate some words at the bottom of each page .
 Experienced no problems with the order . The book came within the estimated delivery date . The book matched the description given .
 As an experienced high school English teacher , I always advise my students and their parents to purchase a Folger 's edition of Shakespeare 's plays . The notes , summaries , and other commentary serve the novice Shakespearean reader well and make the classical allusions and denotations of unfamiliar and common words and phrases from the Elizabethan age much easier for 21st Century readers to understand .
 The Folger edition of Romeo and Juliet is very easy to read . The many notes and illustrations make it enjoyable .
 The most tragic of all tragedies , this beautiful play takes place in Verona and revolves around Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet , two young lovers who are doomed because of the feud between their families.The play opens with a lovely sonnet which is unusual since sonnets were meant to be from a lover to his beloved and , at this point , Romeo and Juliet have yet to meet . The sonnet , however , is a highly structured form of prose , signifying order . This contrasts with the immediate disorder of the play 's first scene during which quarreling servants provoke a fight between the Montagues and the Capulets.Shakespeare , always a master at foreshadowing , makes liberal use of it in Romeo and Juliet with the Nurse being one of the first characters to actually foreshadow future events in the play.Comparisons between light and dark also abound . Upon first seeing her , Romeo compares Juliet to `` a rich jewel in an Ethiope 's ear . '' It is central to the play that important love scenes take place in the dark , away from the disorder that marks the day . Romeo loves Juliet at night , but he kills during the confusion of the day.This interaction and conflict of night and day is raised to new levels in the second act when Benvolio states , in reference to Romeo 's passion , `` Blind is his love , and best befits the dark . '' And when Romeo encounters Juliet with the now famous words , `` But soft , what light through yonder window breaks ? / It is the east , and Juliet is the sun . / Arise , fair sun , and kill the envious moon . '' Romeo then invokes the darkness as a form of protection from harm , saying , `` I have night 's cloak to hide me from their eyes . '' This conflict of night versus day will not end until the disorder of the day finally overcomes the passion of the night and destroys the lives of the lovers.Another special piece of foreshadowing occurs near the end of the first act when Juliet states , `` If he be married/My grave is like to be my wedding bed . '' This will be related over and over during the play , from both Juliet 's Nurse and even from her mother , Lady Capulet , who , in the third act comments about Juliet 's refusal to marry Paris with the words , `` I would the fool were married to her grave . `` There is also a strong conflict between the uses of silver and gold throughout the action of the play . Silver is often invoked as a symbol of love and beauty . Gold , on the other hand , is often used ironically and as a sign of both greed and desire . Rosaline is described as being immune to showers of gold , and when Romeo is banished , he comments that banishment is a `` golden axe '' akin to death . Finally , the erection of the statues of gold at the end of the play serves as a sign of the fact that neither Montague nor Capulet has really learned anything from their loss.One of the most beautiful of all of Shakespeare 's soliliquies takes place during the third act when Juliet beckons for nightfall , once again representing the contrast of the nights of love to the disorder of the day . `` Come , gentle night ; come , loving , black-browed night , / Give me my Romeo , and when he shall die/Take him and cut him out in little stars , / And he will make the face of heaven so fine/That all the world will be in love with night/And pay no worship to the garish sun . `` Much in the way the characters in Richard III dream about their fates in the final act of that play , Romeo , too , has a dream that warns him of his fate , when he awakens and says , `` I dreamt my lady came and found me dead . '' Shakespeare often used dreams to foreshadow , but this particular dream also serves to heighten the dramatic element of the tragedy by irrevocably sealing the characters ' fate.When Romeo goes to the Apothecary to purchase poison , the description of the Apothecary makes it seem as if he were buying that poison from Death himself
 In one of Shakespeare 's most famous and beloved plays , true love is thwarted at the cruel hands of fate.The Capulets and the Montagues have been rivals for years . However , this does n't stop Juliet Capulet and Romeo Montague from falling in love with one another . And so the timeless and beautiful story of Romeo and Juliet begins.Both the play and the romance of the two main characters take off almost unrealistically quickly ; the play is set only over the course of a few days . But what a few days it is . Shakespeare expertly captures the naive and innocent viewpoints of the two teenagers and his language is always metaphorical and flawless.I found this version of the play extremely helpful , as it was the first Shakespeare play I had read and I was n't yet accustomed to the unique language of the era . On one side of the page is the actual text of the play and on the opposite side is a list of words and phrases that modern-day citizens may not be accustomed to . This greatly increased my comprehension level of the book , and is a definite asset to anyone who is n't yet `` Shakespeare-savvy '' . Happy reading !
 I have seen all movie versions about Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet and still love the book everytime I revisit the story . Every word captivates the reader into truly feeling the passion and tragedy of these two lovers . Even a character such as Tybalt Capulet won me over as far as description goes . Shakespearian writing is very much complex and confusing but it has a touch romance and anger which adds to the emotion of the story . Read this classic tragedy !
 This edition of romeo and juliet is worth getting and the annotations are very helpful . I am one of those readers that likes everything annotated so if you are n't do n't get this one . The notes were excellent , helpful , and so was the introduction . I wholeheartedly recommend it .
 I 'll admit that the only reason I purchased this book was so that I did n't have to carry around my twenty pound Literature book . I purchased ths particular copy because it had many of the same interpretations as my Literature book did , so I could carry this little two ounce book around instead.For all instances , it worked very well . I could read this book along with the movie and follow along flawlessly . I could read the interpretations along the left binding and see exactly what people meant when I could n't figure it out.I did , however , have two problems , which is why this is only a four-star review . The first thing I noticed was that even if there were little explanations on the left side , the right side did n't give you a clear indication of what was being translated . You had to actually be confused enough to look to the page on the left , and then you had to find line numbers , which I found extremely irritating.Another thing I found annoying was that only the bare minimum was actually translated . On further inspection of our ninth-grade Literature book and this book , I found that the Literature book actually went into more detail , with examples , alternate word orders , etc.Overall , this is an especially great book to purchase if your English teacher suddenly sticks you with Romeo and Juliet two weeks before the end of school . And even if she did n't . : DBut if you 're only at the age of fourteen or fifteen , try to stick with your Literature book . I did n't have any trouble , but there are definitely MORE modern interpretations in your Lit book , solely to help with the fact that you 're not at a senior or college level yet.Even if you 're only purchasing to get rid of the back strain , you wo n't regret it .
 I have recently read `` The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet '' in school . I enjoyed reading this play as I felt it provided me with a different outlook because of its vocabulary . The plot of the story was very romantic , but in the end the play became dramatic . It tells a story of true love between two resented families , Montague and Capulet.Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet risk their lives to be together and nothing could get in the way of their feelings of true love . Even though their families hated each other , they still found a way be married , although it was not easy because of all the tragedies throughout the play . Romeo 's best friend , Mercutio and Juliet 's cousin , Tybalt both died . Also , Juliet 's father was forcing her to marry Paris , another man . There were many more tragedies , which kept the two lovers away from each other . The name of both houses was the main reason why Romeo and Juliet could not be together . As Juliet said , `` What 's in a name ? '' If it were not for the significance of the names there would be no tragedy.Without William Shakespeare 's acts of irony , love , hate tragedy and pride the story would not have been worth reading . The way he twisted the story when they got married was unusual too , as getting married can make life different in a good way , but in this story , not .
 Many people in my 9th grade class did n't understand this play because Shakespeare uses a lot of weird words to our ears . But when you get right down to it , is n't it a beautiful story , about enduring love and people and stuff ? Yes it is . I wo n't summarize the plot here because Shakespeare is n't about the plot , oh no , it 's about the way he melds a magical medley of music with witty waggish words . For example , the pun in the first scene on maidenhead . Is n't that hilarious . I laughed and laughed , but the other people in my class did n't get it . It 's sad that some are n't clever enough to enjoy the rapturous beauty of the Bard . One complaint I had is that he uses a lot of cliches and stuff . Like having Juliet on the balcony , I mean , balcony scenes are kind of hackneyed so I wonder why he used it instead of something original . And the ending was so sad . When we finished reading it , I said I wish it had n't ended it was so good , and this doofus in my class , Eddie , said that it seemed like it never ended to him . I was really glad when Eddie moved to Phoenix . Anyway , I really really recommend this book to anyone with a mind who likes being challenged and reading good plays and stuff . -- A 10th grade student from Plano
 We reading Romeo and Juliet at our school . It is a little freaky . I dislike the ending of the book . I do but I do n't like Shakespeare 's book . We are not allowed to talk about vilence at all at our school . That is what all Shakespeare 's books . We just finished reading Macbeth and I also disliked the ending of that book . His books are too freaky for kids my age . They are better for 16 year olds . Here are the things that I do n't really understand
 I 've got nothing wrong to say , the book is of a good quality , I received it quite quickly .
 The story is about 2 young people who are in love . And there parents hate each other , and that effect show much time spend together , I personally think that your parents have an effect on how u live . But I guess in Verona that 's not how it works . But I personally think the movie is better than the book . Because it is shorter and I do n't have to pay attention on it.the setting takes place in Verona .
 My class read this book , so we went over it and thats what made it make sense for me , and once you get the jist of the language , you can understand it better . Im sure you know what it is about but im going to summariize it anyways . The Montague and Capalet families have been enemies for generations . The current generations dont exactly know why , but they still stay enimies with each other . Romeo Montague finds out about a party hosted by the Capulet 's -LRB- Juliet 's family -RRB- and he intends to go there to see a girl , Juliet 's cousin . Since the party is a costume party , he manages to get in without anyone knowing he is a Montague . Juliet 's parents have found a suitor for her , Count Paris . They make a deal with her that at the party , she will look at him and see if she likes him but if she doesnt , they ca n't force her to marry him -LRB- when you read it the line about that is something like `` i 'll look to like if looking liking ... '' -RRB- . While at the party she meets Romeo and they pretty much fall in love at first sight . She finds out he is a Montague and he finds out she is a Capulet so they keep their relationship secret . Meanwhile , they secretly get married and plan on telling their families , hoping it will bring them to a truce . But then Romeo does something that causes him to be banished from Verona and so he and Juliet come up with a plan for them to be together . You probably know that it doesnt work out and the ending is not a happy one . Thats why this is called a tragedy ... Anyways , its actually pretty good , even though its hard to follow somethimes and is so old fashioned .
 I recently completed reading Romeo And Juliet -LRB- though not this version -RRB- for independent reading . It was amazing . Breathtaking . It blew me away . I 'm thriteen years old and had to write out a `` blue card '' -LRB- a review of our favorite book that we write once a month . -RRB- Having to place this in a genre was horribly difficult for me . It is a tragedy , unlike many of Shakespeare 's other plays , yet it is almost Realistic Fiction.A month ago I finished Twelfth Night , which was interesting but nothing compared to this work of beauty and magnificence given to us by the Immortal Bard himself.Putting all translation difficulties aside , I could easily say this is the best book I 've ever read in my entire life . -LRB- And I know , does n't seem much with my age but rest assured ... I 've read quite a many books . -RRB- Reccommending this book to anyone who enjoys tragic romance novels and who is not easily frustrated by larger words . It is a must-read for all Shakespeare fans ... for how could you call yourself a fan if you 've not read it yet ?
 I 'm going to read this play for school this coming year and I can not wait . One of my favorite works of writing is the very beginning of this play -LRB- `` Two households both alike in dignity ... a pair of star cross 'd lovers take their life . '' -RRB- . There is nothing I love more than that . This is excellent work .
 The language of the book is really hard to read . I spent a lot of time before I finished the first Scene . But it is also enjoyable to read . Shakespeare did not write Romeo and Juliet . He just told story from Italian literature in his own words .
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry . `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a play that is hard to pin down -- some see it as the poetry-laden embodiment of romantic love , while others view it as Shakespeare 's witty jabs at fickle teenage infatuation and how melodramatic the kids are -LRB- Juliet is only thirteen ! -RRB- . But whatever you think it is , it 's undeniable that it 's a beautifully written , often-wrenching story.Despite the simplicity of the story , Shakespeare spins it in a silken web of lush poetry -LRB- `` O swear not by the moon , the inconstant moon/That monthly changes in her circled orb '' -RRB- and the famous speeches where Romeo and Juliet speak at night on a balcony . The mostly romantic play takes a dark turn towards the end , when only a few minutes might have changed the fates of `` Juliet and her Romeo . `` And Shakespeare seems rather fond of his characters here , depicting Romeo as a passionate young boy and Juliet as rather sweetly insecure young girl ; there 's also a fairly good cast of young men whose spirits are more elevated than their brains , and the kindly friar who rather naively hopes to use the kids to create peace.But Shakespeare was also clearly aware that passionate teenage love is not necessarily the truest love -LRB- `` Young men 's love then lies/Not truly in their hearts , but in their eyes '' -RRB- , and leaves you wondering what might have happened if Romeo and Juliet had lived.Whether a gentle mockery of young love or a passionate , idealized romance , `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a timeless and lovely little play . Not the best of the Bard , but still quite good .
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry.This edition also has Jacqueline Ritten 's `` Juliet 's Story
 Innocent love is the most pure ... and the sight of those who are in that beautiful whirlwind of its hypnotic clutches is a sight to behold.Is it true ? `` Is youth wasted on the young . `` Sometimes , sometimes not.Romeo and Juliet is the most known western love story of all time.Why?This is not an easy question to answer , however , personally , I would never go back to those extremes of pure love ; that game playing , jealousy , love-making so innocent , -LRB- wonderful -RRB- and the relationship inevitably ending in tragedy.What makes this 500 year old love story one of a kind is its `` truth '' , that we are essentially envious beings , and pure love is something we all either unconsciously or consciously yearn for ... and attempt to destroy.Shakespeare was a clever fellow
 Romeo and Juliet was an epic story the meaning of the story to me was two lovers with parents keeping them away from each other . I personally really liked the book because it tells people how you ca n't hide true love because then it would just make things worse for the both . What I do n't like in the story how they have to argue over stupid reasons if there in love then there in love let it be forget about all those problems you used to have and think about how good the future could be . Then again why did the families start arguing in the first place to start of with ? Both of the families are alike they got money and they also have many family members looking after them but they get in things there not suppose to . The whole theme of the story took place in Verona Italy that 's were the two lovers grew up and have been there most of there lives . So therefore both of them end up seeing each other all they want is there family to just get along and they wont have to worry about them having to sneak out to see each other in the middle of the night so if I had to rate this story I would give it a 10 because it teaches you to never hide your love for some one and I agree with that .
 I 'm a high school freshman studying Romeo & Juliet and I can not understand hardly any of it . I found this book at a Borders bookstore and I have been reading it and it is extremely helpful . There 's a line-by-line translation that makes a ton more sense . Buy this if you 're having trouble with R&J !
 The peace in the streets of Verona has just been disturbed for the third time by the two great warring families
 I have seen plenty of time the story about Romeo and Juliet and it still captures me.The way all the characters express themselves , the way Shakespear combines hate and love in the same story.It tells you how much two peple can really love each other and they gave up their lifes for their love.The character I liked most is Tybalt , because I feel reflected . The way he acts , the way he feels towards the Montagues and the most important the way he expresses himself.I wo n't summarize the plot , as it is one of the best-known tales in all literature , and deservedly so . Being a classic , it can be read from different perspectives and standpoints.Shakespearian writing is very much complex and confusing but it has a touch romance and anger which adds to the emotion of the story.Read this classic tragedy !
 I have taught ` Romeo and Juliet ' every year for the past five years , and with each re-reading and re-teaching I gain different appreciations of the play , particularly in regards to Mercutio and Juliet.I admit that my first year teaching the text that I did not understand Mercutio 's `` Queen Mab '' speech , or indeed , Mercutio 's role in the play at all -- besides , of course , the purpose he serves in swinging the play from `` romantic comedy '' to `` tragedy '' in Act III , Scene i . But as I continued to study his character , I came to understand that the `` Queen Mab '' speech foreshadows the shift from `` silly romance '' to `` terrifying nightmare , '' and that Mercutio in general not only functions as the comic relief , but also shows us Shakespeare in the midst of experimenting with sublime characterization
 This was my first Shakespeare and it certainly wo n't be my last . While some people dislike this book for the `` love at first sight '' `` stupidity '' of the two , I think you need to try to get past that . I definitely agree that Romeo and Juliet are morons , but it makes for a nice story . Would you really want to watch a play about two people who court each other for years , get married to the happiness of their families , and have prosperous children ? I sure would n't . So what if know in their right mind would ever act like ? The play is written beautifully and it does n't lag .
 Romeo and Juliet is a beautiful story , and it is a marvellous play to introduce young people to the beauty of Shakespeare . Who does n't like to read or hear about star-crossed lovers ? Who has n't already heard the legend ? The play is easy to read as the plot moves along rapidly , and it 's beautifully written . Romeo and Juliet are so tragic in their love , and the silly feud between their two families is so destructive and senseless . Read it for the story , but enjoy it for the beautiful prose .
 Like most of Shakepeare 's other works , the story of Romeo and Juliet has become the definition of the love story.Two young star crossed lovers overwhelmed by the tragedy of their environment . And in the end their belief in love is so strong that they sacrifice their lives to it.It is a tale that becomes sweeter with age . Because as you grow older , you remember the person you once were with that young love of your own . You get a hint of the passion you once had , and although the pain might still sting , you 're thankful for it because it shows that you are human .
 Romeo and Juliet does not read as well as some other plays such as Hamlet . It must be seen to be fully enjoyed . Nevertheless , I would reccomend this edition of the play . It is dirt cheap , for the amount of content you recieve , it is well worth the money . I reccomended it , however I strongly suggest you watch the play first before reading it . I believe that only after you watch the play will you fully appreciate it .
 Romeo and Julitet is a beautiful creation of William Shakespeare . In this creation of his , there are two star-crossed lovers ; having fallen in love at first sight , their love was denied by both the families , as they had a never ending hatrad between them.So , the lovers plan to elope , leaving everything behined , to prove that their love for each other was pure and had gone through many adverse situation.Although , the end is tragic , however , the story is wonderful as it expresses the triumph of true love over sircumtances -LSB- ... -RSB- . ,
 Writing a review of The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet is kind of like trying to call out to someone standing on the other side of the Grand Canyon from you . It 's big ! The play is approximately 400 years old , and the story itself is hundreds of years older than that ! So what does it matter what I say?It matters , actually , because -LRB- as W.S. knew -- just read his sonnets :-RRB- -RRB- the only way The Bard survives is if you and me continue to read his little iambs ! Without us , kind folks , he is just worms meat , nothing more.All kidding aside , there is a reason we all know this story of love , hate , loyalty , tragedy , and that maddening Friar . It 's because it is bigger than we are ! This story -LRB- to borrow Bloom 's idea -RRB- tells us who we are , why we exist , how we manipulate this strangeness called life . And if ol' Willie S. writes it for us , then all the better!You must read this play slowly ! There are too many gems and minerals buried beneath the blustery and loud rhythms . Dig ! Dig ! Dig ! If you do , you will find some of the lines which have become practically idiomatic , practically cliched , practically parlance . For instance -LRB- and forgive my wretched paraphrasing ... -RRB- : Ask for me tomorrow , and you shall find me a grave man.O , then I see Queen Mab hath been with you tonight!He jests at scars that never felt a wound.That which we call a rose would by any other name smell as sweet.But soft ! What light through yonder window breaks?It is the east , and Juliet is the sun!O , I am fortunes fool!Good night ! Good night ! Parting is such sweet sorrow.And on and on and on.If I were you , I 'd pay particular attention to Mercutio , the Nurse , Capulet , and Friar Laurence . They are so interesting to me ! And , alas , poor Balthasar ... in the dark for eternity!Well , I have gone on enough . Sir ! Your passado ! Your punto reverso ! The hay!I hope this review has been some sort of help . Benedicite !
 Romeo and Juliet is a compelling romantic tragedy which I first read at secondary school . I suppose that since the play is simple , it was a good introduction for me to the wealth of Shakespeare 's genius . I thoroughly enjoyed the moving exchanges between Romeo and Juliet.Here were two families , the Capulet and Montague that were in perpetual feud . The quarrel was going on for a long time that no one in the two families really cared to find out the root cause and if it could not be resolved . All that the two families cared about was to kill each other wherever possible.Romeo -LRB- a Montague -RRB- falls in love with Juliet -LRB- a Capulet -RRB- . However , because of the long-running feud between their families , they were married in secret by Friar Lawrence . They decide to flee Verona since Juliet was due to be married to another man . Romeo gets banished from Verona following his killing of Tybalt when he was avenging the death of his friend Mercutio.With the dilemma that Romeo and Juliet were having , Friar Lawrence and Juliet come up with a plan for Juliet to take a poison that would make her appear dead and Romeo would come and take her when she wakes up 48 hours later . However , Romeo was not aware of the plan and when he turns up and sees Juliet apparently dead , he decides to kill himself . When eventually Juliet wakes up , she finds her lover dead so she also kills herself . When the two feuding families discover what happened , they decide to end their feud.For those who want to start learning Shakespeare , this is a good place to start . The play is first class , simple and straightforward romantic tragedy . I love the play as it highlights the ultimate futility of all conflicts and teaches the often unfortunate and unnecessary tragic consequences of such conflicts .
 Accurately portrayed teen angst is the key to R&J ; , and Shakespeare knocked it out of the park with this one . If one reads this play closely they will find the gorgeous poetry and subtle humor and vulgarity pleasing , but what is more pleasing to the mature reader is the acute portrayal of teens who think they are in love . This must have been the go to teen reference of its day . There is locker room talk between Romeo and his buddies , especially Mercutio . -LRB- Mercutio is one of Shakespeare 's dirtiest characters , and one of his wittiest . -RRB- There is the horny teenager who flits from lust to lust with no thought of consequences , and there is the young girl who makes a serious attempt at very adult decisions . It is all there , and what is more the supporting cast of this play boasts some real genius of character . Lord Capulet is a ferocious father , who has a powerful temper and spirit , and Friar Laurence is one of Shakespeare 's most ambiguously motivated characters.One can read this play on the surface level and certainly enjoy it . I think most readers do just that . As do most of the productions I have seen . But there is a dark undercurrent to this play that will ring true with anyone who has ever dealt with that most powerful of emotions . Love.Like Shakespeare 's best , R&J ; will continue to yield new discoveries on each reading . As we mature in our lives , so does our understanding and appreciation of this play .
 I 'm getting ready to audition for Romeo and Juliet , and I was having trouble understanding what some of the things that the characters were saying meant . I wanted to know exactly how to express what the characters were feeling . So , I figured this book would help me out . And it did , a lot . This book `` translates '' the old English into a more modern version . It gives you both the original text and the modernized version . So , basically , if you 're having trouble understanding the language , I recommend that you pick this up . It 's worth it !
 It took a little long -LRB- 4 weeks -RRB- but the book came all the way from NZ ... so everything 's just fine .
 Shipped promptly ! Just what dauther needed and in time for her to read for her English class ! I would recommend !
 First of all , before I begin actually talking about the story itself , I congratulate Folger 's edition for providing summaries in the beginning of each act and definitions of some words . You see , this edition is rather helpful as the story is located on the right pages and definitions and plot synopsis is on the left . This is for the people who can not understand old English!Anyways , this was the first Shakespeare book I have ever read , and it is probably the same for all high school students . Obviously I know everyone knows that this is about a love story , so I wo n't bother mentioning that . I will add , however , that Shakespeare is a master at writing tragic dramas . He was also somewhat witty . It seems that if one pays close attention and reads the prologue , one will find out all that will happen in the plot . An explanation could be because that this was a play and people actually acted his stories out . Well , considering the times , it would not be presumptuous to say that during those times , the more talkative people would still be talking after the play begins , he uses the prologue to hush his audience , and naturally nobody would ever really pay attention to the prologue.Set around the Renaissance and in northern Italy , the play begins rather comically with sexual allusions and a big ruckus . You have to remember , that not only was Shakespeare 's goal to write , but to entertain and make people laugh . He has many intended puns weaved into his story , which are really quite funny , if one reads hard enough.Shakespeare 's forte is weaving a lot of imagery and figurative language in his dialogue . He would paint Juliet as the beautiful , but strong and determined woman bordering between the age of child and adulthood , a teenager . One can see that she is a rather rational thinker , whereas Romeo is impulsive and rash acting only on his emotions and disregarding the consequences . This was the thing that bugged me the most , Romeo 's character , although he is a protagonist , I found it impossible to like him , rather I liked his best friend the most , Mercutio . He is the witty prankster who has to die because of Romeo 's impulsive thinking , he seems to be the mediator between Romeo and his irrational love , always keeping him in check.This book is not very long , but the contents are quite deep , there is so much going on in each of Shakespeare 's rhythmic sentences , that one just needs to stop and admire how much he can cram into just one sentence , it is just amazing . This makes for a very high re-readability . Anyone who has not yet read this book is simply deprived , and anyone who has chosen not to read it has sinned ! -LRB- do n't take this too seriously , I am just exaggerating so you guys get my point -RRB- So what are you waiting for ? Enlighten yourself and discover the poetry in Shakespeare 's iambic writing .
 The notes that John Andrews gives on all the Everyman Shakespeare editions that he edits are fabulous . I think his editions are the most user friendly for any actor , student , director and teacher . Some publishing house should get Mr. Andrews to do all the plays .
 `` From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life ; whose misadventur 'd piteous overthrows , doth with their death bury their parents ' strife . '' This is part of the opening prologue from William Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet . '' From this passage you can get a clear picture of the events that take place in this play . `` From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , '' from these selected words you are safe to say that this play is about two different families . `` A pair of star-crossed lover ; '' you can see that there are two people in love . '' Doth with their death , bury their parents ' strife ; '' this means that their parent 's have been feuding for a long time , and only in their children 's death do their parents realize the seriousness of their actions . `` Romeo and Juliet , '' is a romantic tragedy , as are most of William Shakespeare 's plays . This reading is fiction , although , it seems so real , because it relates with some modern issues . `` Romeo and Juliet , '' is my favorite book . William Shakespeare 's characters in most of his plays go against their parent 's or have to choose between them . I agree with what Shakespeare shows in this play ; it helps young adults relate to his books . In `` Romeo and Juliet , '' the two young adults have to choose if they want to be together because they 're in love or turn the other way because their parent 's do n't get along.This book really makes me think ; if I was in this situation my decisions would be very hard , I would n't be able to make up my mind as fast as Romeo and Juliet did . I think anyone that has a chance to read this and has an opportunity to dissect it , it 's a good idea because it really makes you think ; what would you do in this situation .
 `` From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life ; whose misadventur 'd piteous overthrows , doth with their death bury their parents ' strife . '' This is part of the opening prologue from William Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet . '' From this passage you can get a clear picture of the events that take place in this play . `` From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , '' from these selected words you are safe to say that this play is about two different families . `` A pair of star-crossed lover ; '' you can see that there are two people in love . '' Doth with their death , bury their parents ' strife ; '' this means that their parent 's have been feuding for a long time , and only in their children 's death do their parents realize the seriousness of their actions . `` Romeo and Juliet , '' is a romantic tragedy , as are most of William Shakespeare 's plays . This reading is fiction , although , it seems so real , because it relates with some modern issues . `` Romeo and Juliet , '' is my favorite book . William Shakespeare 's characters in most of his plays go against their parent 's or have to choose between them . I agree with what Shakespeare shows in this play ; it helps young adults relate to his books . In `` Romeo and Juliet , '' the two young adults have to choose if they want to be together because they 're in love or turn the other way because their parent 's do n't get along.This book really makes me think ; if I was in this situation my decisions would be very hard , I would n't be able to make up my mind as fast as Romeo and Juliet did . I think anyone that has a chance to read this and has an opportunity to dissect it , it 's a good idea because it really makes you think ; what would you do in this situation .
 This is the best and most classic book ever . It 's so good . `` Oh Romeo , Romeo , wherefore art thou Romeo ? '' `` What 's in a name ? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . '' Two rival families , the Montagues and the Capulets , vie for power in Renaissance Italy . Paris , a young nobleman , has asked to marry Juliet , Capulet 's 13-year-old daughter , but has been told that she is far too young . Romeo , the son of Montague , goes to a Capulet pary in disguise , and meets Juliet . They fall in love and secretly get married , but Romeo is banished after a family fight in which his friend Mercutio and the Capulet Tybalt are killed . Amoungst the growing tension , Capulet changes his mind and insists that Paris and Juliet must be married within two days . The distraught but cleverly scheming , Juliet takes a potion which gives her the appearance of death . Romeo , discovering her , believes she is dead and posions himself . On waking , Juliet discovers the dead Romeo by her side and kills herself . The tragedy of their deaths finally reconciles the families and brings peace to the town.Romeo and Juliet is the best of Shakespeares work ever as we all know . Everyone knows the story , but once you read it , it brings the meaning and connection to a different level . The language is beautiful . The words passed betweem Romeo and Juliet are so moving , you could just read them over and over . Even if you do n't understand what they are saying , you 'll still get the general idea and fall in love with this forbidden romance . Even though its a sad ending . The tragedy just adds more to the play.I like that the main love scenes take place at night . They 're like sneaking around in the dark . The nights are filled with loved compared to the crazyness of the days . In the day is when all the fighting tkes place and stuff.I questioned as I was reading this book what I would do in a situation like that . The choice would be a very difficult . I never finally came to a descion and I 'm glad I do n't have to . I really ca n't imagine what it would be like to be in the place of Romeo or Juliet.I just loved this classic `` From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life ; whose misadventur 'd piteous overthrows , doth with their death bury their parents ' strife . ''
 Have you ever wondered how it would be like to loose the person you care and love for in the wrong way ? An for the wrong reason ? Well that is what I started to think about when I was reading this book . Romeo falls in love with this girl Juliet but Juliet 's family for bided her to see him . An Romeo 's family as well . Romeo and and Juliet is I quote `` One of Shakespeare most popular and accessible plays . `` I feel that this story was sad . I 'm glad that Romeo and Juliet did n't let their families get in their way of happiness . William Shakespeare wanted to show how much they loved each other . In Romeo and Juliet it was a touching story that almost brought a tear to my eye . Romeo and Juliet is truly a love story that will leave you amazed !
 A Classic , What Else is there to Say ... a new cover , the old story with a new component . A story from Juliet written by Jacqueline Ritten .
 Romeo & Juliet is a romance novel . It 's a story that will make your heart sink . This magnificent couple had such a strong love for each other . It was so strong that they died together . In the beginning it was crazy how they are enemies and they want to be together but it 's hard to because what they are doing is wrong to their families . At the ending they died together with their love stronger than ever , it 's a heartbreaking story , wishing that they would live happily ever after.I really enjoyed this story , although I do wish that they could have lived to be together and in love .
 I think this book is good if you understand the deeper meaning within , many people in my College-Prep English class did not fully read and understand it , therefore they did n't like it . This book includes notes and a glossary on one side with the play on the other . I truely suggest this book to all those freshman who are reading this book .
 I had to do a project for this book and I decided to purchase this for myself . It is a great price and the book has a wonderful format just like in a literature book .
 I do n't know want the book is about yet Hahaha so can I read now ? Thank you ? This is I do n't know
 It a old novel but a good one that u can more then one time . A lot school use it for English reading .
 This play taught
 how this book has published notes in it to help with vocabulary and such . The only thing I was n't expecting handwritten notes in it . I know it was a used book but I would n't consider it good condition or anything . My friend will be excited to read it .
 This is a great book , because Shakespeare explains perfectly what is love in an exaggerated way . It also shows every kind of feelings that both lovers have for each other . Wonderful sonnets are written and he uses a lot of poetic and lyrical language , for example
 I love the Cambridge School series of Shakespeare 's plays because of the way it helps you along as you read . Not only does it explain the language , but it explains the Elizabethan puns and points out things that you would have never noticed . I recommend this book to everyone , especially teachers for their classes .
 The first time I read one of Shakespeare book was at school , I thought is was going to be amazing because he is one of the most recognised writers in history . But I could n't understand anything ; it has a very old and complicated language that young people ca n't understand well enough . I think that all that style is very complex for us , older people could understand it well and enjoy it . But in that case I would only recommend it to women , I really do n't think men will like all that kind of love stories as this one , where two people are strongly in love and that is a forbidden one by their families . I recognise that is has a very good ending but that 's all . This is my personal opinion , you may like it . I have my respect for William Shakespeare but I think he is awful .
 The first time I read one of Shakespeare book was at school , I thought is was going to be amazing because he is one of the most recognised writers in history . But I could n't understand anything ; it has a very old and complicated language that young people ca n't understand well enough . I think that all that style is very complex for us , older people could understand it well and enjoy it . But in that case I would only recommend it to women , I really do n't think men will like all that kind of love stories as this one , where two people are strongly in love and that is a forbidden one by their families . I recognise that is has a very good ending but that 's all . This is my personal opinion , you may like it . I have my respect for William Shakespeare but I think -LSB- his writing -RSB- is awful .
 Alejandro and Martin.After reading ` Romeo and Juliet ' , we noticed the difficult vocabulary that Shakespeare used . It makes it difficult to follow the story because Shakespeare plays with words and even invented some expressions.We like a few characters like Mercutio , because of his sexual jokes and language . Another character that we enjoyed was The Nurse , because of her fun-loving personality . The dirty sexual humor was very unexpected and , very funny.We found strange that the prohibited love of Romeo and Juliet was not because one family was in a poor social position , but because the two families fight for their own power . We also liked its end , when Romeo and Juliet died . It 's surprising because we all expect a happy end with Romeo and Juliet 's marriage.In conclusion , we found the story very interesting and surprising .
 The first time I read one of Shakespeare book was at school , I thought is was going to be amazing because he is one of the most recognised writers in history . But I could n't understand anything ; it has a very old and complicated language that young people ca n't understand well enough . I think that all that style is very complex for us , older people could understand it well and enjoy it . But in that case I would only recommend it to women , I really do n't think men will like all that kind of love stories as this one , where two people are strongly in love and that is a forbidden one by their families . I recognise that is has a very good ending but that 's all . This is my personal opinion , you may like it . I have my respect for William Shakespeare but I think he is awful .
 I purchased this book for my 7th grade English class . I already knew the story and even parts of the balcony scene before I received the book , but there are translations on the back of every page so it makes it way easier for people who do n't quite understand Shakespeare 's language to understand what he was tryig to say . If you 're looking for a copy of `` Romeo and Juliet '' for a school-aged kid , then this is your book !
 I went throughout high school never reading this book . It 's so well-known ; everyone knows what it is about and how it ends . Movie after movie has come out depicting the events . However , I will honestly say that it is definitely worth the read . It 's a beautiful story of two lovers who suffer from forbidden love . I hate sappy books . I despise them . But this one was different . I do n't know if it was because it was fast paced or if it 's the fact that people were always dueling , or what . However , I will say that Shakepeare is brillant . This , along with so many of his other stories are great . ROMEO AND JULIET is a brillant tale , and after reading it , I am more able to appreciate everything I have seen and heard about it . If nothing else , it 's a wonderful play about honor , devotion , independence , and unification . And this edition is really helpful in understanding Shakespeare 's language , for on each page , there are notations that tell what his words and phrases mean today ... which is REALLY helpful .
 -LRB- This review applies only to the Folger Shakespeare Library Edition -RRB- Most curriculum guides -LRB- e.g. , State of Massachusetts , McREL -RRB- say that Romeo & Juliet is an upper middle-school play . It can be treated as a short tragedy -LRB- 3,159 lines overall -RRB- and involves a number of strands from both the Theater and English/Language Arts guidelines.This is the best book for individual students to purchase , because it is inexpensive and well organized.I found another version more helpful for teachers -- the Cambridge School Series edition of R&J . This costs more , but has a number of excellent activities and discussions that teachers can use.Also , do n't forget some video versions of the play , available through Amazon 's video store . The 1964 Zefirrelli R&J features a comely lass but also reflects an Italian director 's ideas about a young girl sobbing . The 1996 Dicaprio/Danes `` moderne '' version , set in `` Verona Beach , '' is excellent , but you will see that major sections of dialogue have been cut , in favor of music and the visual expressiveness inherent in film . The 1992 HBO/Thames Films version is the most accurate in terms of dialogue , but also runs 3 hours . Also , there is Prokofiev 's ballet , which , as you can imagine , reflects the Russian composer 's genius -- who else could do the ballet scene of the death vault , where all movement stops ?
 It really sounds foolish to be reviewing the Bard , but if this might help to convince wary readers it is worth it . First of all , this play combines humor , wit , tradgedy , sword - fights , drama , etc. and Shakespeare ties it together to create a truly magnificent work of art that has been often imitated . Nothing beats Shakespeare 's original words , though . I encourage people not to be intimidated by the unabridged versions of any Shakespeare play , but rather to read the play with a group . Not only will you have more fun doing so , but you will also comprehend more of what you read . It is also fun to `` assume '' the characters . Make it fun , and it will be !
 Romeo and Juliet is the first Shakespearean play I have read . I thought it was very good . It did n't have a complicated plot like other Shakespearean plays allegedly have . The language , of course , is great . I would also recommend buying this edition of the book if any , because old and archaic words and phrases are translated on every other page -LRB- this is a huge help -RRB- . Shakespeare offers some good comic relief -LRB- watch for several double entendres -RRB- throughout the play which moderated the level of lament . This play shows the chaos that can result when people let their emotions overcome reason , and also what can result when you only look short term and move with so much `` haste '' . After finishing the play , I realized that there were indeed only a couple of totally reasonable characters , but I 'll leave that to you . I look foward to reading more of Shakespeare 's plays in the near future .
 Romeo and Juliet is a great tragic romance . The story is full of love , violence , passion and hate . It 's an excellent epic poem in which Shakespeare tells this tragic story using a beautiful language , very poetic and lyrical . Try it , you 'll never forget it.This story is about a pair of two star-crossed lovers , which take their life in Verona . For years , the feuding of the Montagues and the Capulets has disturbed the peace of Verona.It all began in a party in the Capulet 's house in which Romeo and Juliet made their love vows , and Romeo proposed marriage to Juliet . After this marriage , everything was tragic.Deaths and fights were constantly a problem in the two houses . So Romeo and Juliet would leave Verona to stop the quarrels , but this plan failed when Lord Capulet told Juliet to marry Paris.Friar Laurence would make a new plan , to skip this ceremony . Juliet would pretend to be dead and afterwards , when wake up , leave Verona with her love.This plan also failed because Romeo did n't get to know about this and killed himself when he saw Juliet lying on her grave . Juliet did the same when she saw Romeo lying beside her.After these deaths , both families realised that hate between them caused lots of deaths . Capulet and Montague made up their quarrel . They promised not to fight again and make a golden statue about the two beautiful star-crossed lovers .
 `` Oh Romeo , Romeo , wherefore art thou Romeo ? '' `` What 's in a name ? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . '' Two rival families , the Montagues and the Capulets , vie for pre-eminence in Renaissance Italy . Paris , a young nobleman , has asked to marry Juliet , Capulet 's 13-year-old daughter , but has been told that she is far too young . Romeo , the son of Montague , goes to a Capulet pary in disguise , and meets Juliet . They fall in love and secretly get married , but Romeo is banished after a family fight in which his friend Mercutio and the Capulet Tybalt are killed . Amid the growing tension , Capulet changes his mind and insists that Paris and Juliet must be married within two days . Distraught but cleverly scheming , Juliet takes a potion which gives her the appearance of death . Romeo , discovering her , believes she is dead and posions himself . On waking , Juliet discovers the dead Romeo by her side and kills herself . The tragedy of their untimely deaths finally reconciles the families and brings peace to the town .
 This book is a story tells a story about true love . The characters Romeo and juliet has been a role model for many people in their love life.This story includes all the elements to prove that love that Romeo and Juliet had was true love . William Shakespeare uses tragedy , love , hate , pride , and irony.Romeo , from house the house of Montagues , is best described as a love . He does things for Juliet even though it risks his life . But no matter the consequences , he went with hs feelings . Juliet , from house of Capulets , is a lover at will . She had never loved a man as much a Romeo . But though they were from opposing families , she finds a way to marry him.There were many tragedies . Two being Mercutio and Tybalts death . There were many more tragedies that happened and one main reason why they happened which was the fact that the two house were against each other . This caused all the tragedies because if they were not , both lovers would live happily . One thing that kept the family against each other was the pride in their name . If it were not for the name then all would not end in tragedy.One ironic part in this story was when the two lovers got married . Getting married usually makes life better but in this marraige , it made thing worse and turned the story into a different direction.This story must have been the best story i have ever read . It is love story that makes me think of how far i would go for a girl . Though it is hard to read , I enjoyed it very much and i suggest the book to all the lovers out there but could be enjoyed by all .
 Books by Shakespere is something you just do n't read for fun , you read it slowly by savoring the moments of every word spoken by each character . By reading Romeo and Juliet , you would understand the tragidy because of love ... and how they both would risk their lives for each other . Shakespere is the man who can really define true love .
 I love this play . The words are so beautiful , and the story never fails to draw me in . And I must admit that the language is hard to understand - but the New Folger Library is the way to go . I love them ! They make it so easy and understandable for all of us who do n't say `` wherefore '' for why . So if the language is intimidating you get the New Folger Library . But getting back to the play itself , it is fantastic , and something that everyone should read .
 I wo n't summarize the plot , as it is one of the best-known tales in all literature , and deservedly so . Being a classic , it can be read from different perspectives and standpoints . For me , it is a study on passion , of instantaneous , immediate and eternal passion of love ; absolute and without doubts ; pure and immaculate . The lovers never have to discover the realities of living together . Their love stays in an absolute state of pureness . So , it is a vision of love in its most extreme state.Shakespeare 's true genius can be observed in the fact that all of his plays , especially this one , can and have been adapted to a wide array of ages , places and circumstances . The story is universal because so is the passion it examines.The characters are unbelievably strong and accurate . The environment is wonderful Middle Ages Italy . The plot is twisted yet simple , and the Bard 's sentences are pure poetry of the highest kind . No one should die without having read `` Romeo and Juliet '' .
 I have used this recording with my students for several years and it does an excellent job of conveying how Shakespeare meant his play to be `` seen . '' The actors do a great job of emoting as well as emphasizing what needs to be emphasized . It is easy to follow -LRB- sometimes a bit quick , but students catch up on it after a while -RRB- . It is easy to read with the class -LRB- cd points stop with scenes , not in the middle of the action which makes it easier to pick up the next day -RRB- . I would recommend this for any English classroom or anyone for that matter !
 Two teenagers from rival families fall in love , marry secretly , and take their own lives rather than live without each other . Despite the teenage melodrama , `` Romeo and Juliet '' remains one of Shakespeare 's most enduring and popular plays , even if it was n't his best -- lots of death , teen lovers and enchanting dialogue.In the city of Verona , the Montagues and Capulets are locked in a deadly feud . Then a Montague teen named Romeo , infatuated with a Capulet girl named Rosaline , sneaks into a party to see her ... . but instead encounters another Capulet girl named Juliet , and the two immediately fall in love . Since their families hate each other , their love must be expressed in secret.Hoping to unite the two families , the kindly priest Friar Lawrence assists the two in marrying in secret . But then Juliet 's cousin Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel , leading to the death of two men -- and Romeo 's exile from Verona . Even worse , the Capulets have decided to marry Juliet to Count Paris -- leading to a desperate plan that goes horribly awry . `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a play that is hard to pin down -- some see it as the poetry-laden embodiment of romantic love , while others view it as Shakespeare 's witty jabs at fickle teenage infatuation and how melodramatic the kids are -LRB- Juliet is only thirteen ! -RRB- . But whatever you think it is , it 's undeniable that it 's a beautifully written , often-wrenching story.Despite the simplicity of the story , Shakespeare spins it in a silken web of lush poetry -LRB- `` O swear not by the moon , the inconstant moon/That monthly changes in her circled orb '' -RRB- and the famous speeches where Romeo and Juliet speak at night on a balcony . The mostly romantic play takes a dark turn towards the end , when only a few minutes might have changed the fates of `` Juliet and her Romeo . `` And Shakespeare seems rather fond of his characters here , depicting Romeo as a passionate young boy and Juliet as rather sweetly insecure young girl ; there 's also a fairly good cast of young men whose spirits are more elevated than their brains , and the kindly friar who rather naively hopes to use the kids to create peace.But Shakespeare was also clearly aware that passionate teenage love is not necessarily the truest love -LRB- `` Young men 's love then lies/Not truly in their hearts , but in their eyes '' -RRB- , and leaves you wondering what might have happened if Romeo and Juliet had lived.Whether a gentle mockery of young love or a passionate , idealized romance , `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a timeless and lovely little play . Not the best of the Bard , but still quite good .
 This is one of the best plays anyone could ever read . The story begins with a brawl between the Montagues and the Capulets . Romeo is against the war between the families . He wants peace . Romeo is in love or so he thinks with Rosalind Juliet 's cousin . The Capulets throw a huge party and Romeo wants to go hoping to see the beautiful Rosalind but what he does n't expect is to fall in love with another . But , once he meets Juliet they fall madly in love without knowing they are sworn enemies . By the end of the night they realizes what they are star crosses lovers . This does n't matter to either one of them . They are in love and Romeo promises to send word for her so that they can marry . The Friar marries them and they are happy for a little while . Romeo tries to mend what is broken with the families and his best friend ends up getting killed and curses both of the families . Romeo goes to Juliet and tells her everything . Romeo is then exiled from Verona . Juliet has been promised to another man . Her family does n't know that she is already married . Juliet goes to the friar for help . He gives her some drug that will make her sleep , and look and feel dead . Then the Friar will contact Romeo and they can run away and be happy . This is the just of the play . I do n't want to ruin the ending if have n't read it yet . It is a romantic tragedy .
 I have always loved the story of Romeo and Juliet . This book brings hope and sorrow , laughter and tears . It is a must to read and I highly recommend it to all
 `` From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life ; whose misadventur 'd piteous overthrows , doth with their death bury their parents ' strife . '' This is part of the opening prologue from William Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet . '' From this passage you can get a clear picture of the events that take place in this play . `` From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , '' from these selected words you are safe to say that this play is about two different families . `` A pair of star-crossed lover ; '' you can see that there are two people in love . '' Doth with their death , bury their parents ' strife ; '' this means that their parent 's have been feuding for a long time , and only in their children 's death do their parents realize the seriousness of their actions . `` Romeo and Juliet , '' is a romantic tragedy , as are most of William Shakespeare 's plays . This reading is fiction , although , it seems so real , because it relates with some modern issues . `` Romeo and Juliet , '' is my favorite book . William Shakespeare 's characters in most of his plays go against their parent 's or have to choose between them . I agree with what Shakespeare shows in this play ; it helps young adults relate to his books . In `` Romeo and Juliet , '' the two young adults have to choose if they want to be together because they 're in love or turn the other way because their parent 's do n't get along.This book really makes me think ; if I was in this situation my decisions would be very hard , I would n't be able to make up my mind as fast as Romeo and Juliet did . I think anyone that has a chance to read this and has an opportunity to dissect it , it 's a good idea because it really makes you think ; what would you do in this situation .
 I think that this is a great book because it tells you how much two peple can really love each other and they gave up their lifes for their love .
 I LIKE THE BOOK ITS ALMOST LIKE MY GIRLFRIEND AND I. FAITH SHAL BE MY AIR TO BREATH , MY HEART TO LIVE . -LRB- BABY J -RRB-
 i love this book its so romantic how they have a forbiddin love its do tragic but scary but romantic at the same timead im only 12 years old
 This is the best tragedy ever written . I wish this had professional audio ! I recommend this book to any , and everyone .
 Brilliant it 's just plain brilliant . Amazing is also a great word for it . Please read this I recommend this to students .
 I am an inclusion teacher , and in three different classrooms , all over our building . Carrying that textbook around all day was just too much ! Having the entire text of the play available on my phone and tablet made things so much simpler ! Of course , everyone knows that &#34; Romeo and Juliet &#34; does n't really change , but having the digital format at such an affordable price was extremely helpful ! Thank you !
 This book not only a classic but a real journey -LRB- not really but just saying -RRB- the only thing I dislike about this book is the names at the sides . If you are looking for a script this is the best thing told use . Plus at the book defines some uncommon words with numbers beside them that are defined in the next page . A true five star book !
 great condition and extremely cheap . comes with the whole text . definitely a good buy if looking for a simple , easy read of the book considering it is only 90 pages !
 My students enjoy listening to the scenes , and it helps comprehension . When we first begin the play , we alternate listening and watching the movie . This helps the students get a feel for the language as well as the storyline . We begin reading parts in Act II , and I notice a marked improvement in their ability to read the parts as intended .
 This is a remembrance of things past and love for the future . How to fall inlove and how not to fall in love .
 Until I reread it , this year , I had forgotten how funny and perceptive this play was . I love the characters that are peripheral to the story . Modern culture undersells this story by portraying it as a love story only . It has so much more to it than that . Not only is Romeo and Juliet a love story , it has that other quality - it is really funny , and Shakespeare cleverly uses other characters in the story to highlight some of the plot absurdities . We are asked to suspend disbelief about the time line - three days - because that suits the dramatic format . But it is a play that is very aware of itself.I love it when Friar Laurence listens to Romeo wax lyrical about Juliet , when only yesterday it had been Rosaline ... ` Holy Saint Francis , what a change is here!Is Rosaline , whom thou didst love so dear , So soon forsaken ? Young men 's love then liesNot truly in their hearts , but in their eyes . ' I can just hear the Friar huffing ironically at young love . Fantastic.What about Juliet , who shows a real bit of wit , when she is talking to her nurse , as well as the Nurse - one of my favourite characters.Juliet is impatient for the Nurse to tell her what Romeo has said , while Nurse is recovering from her journey : Juliet : I would thou hadst my bones , and I thy news : Nay , come , I pray thee , speak ; good nurse , speak.Nurse : Jesu , what haste ? can you not stay awhile?Do you not see that I am out of breath ? -LRB- and Juliet impatiently answers -RRB- How art thou out of breath , when thou hast breathto say that thou art out of breath.The excuse that thou dost make in this delayIs longer than the tale dost excuse.And of course , there are some of the most famous Shakespearean scenes and lines ... Romeo upon seeing Juliet at the window : But , soft ! what light through yonder window breaks?It is the east , and Juliet is the sun.and there is so much more . Romeo and Juliet was written to entertain , hold its audience in knowing suspense , to frustrate and amuse . And , young love being well known to be intense and dramatic , means that the audience can be both knowing and sympathetic , and enhances the tragedy of the deaths .
 This is a combination of the previous releases of Ravenloft Monstrous Compendiums 1 and 2 , both of which are made more accessible in a bound book rather than the original loose leaf as I have them . The first compendium contains many monsters native to the demiplane of dread , most of which are worth the purchase of this book , though a few bad apples -LRB- like the Doppleganger Plant -RRB- appeared . Thankfully , these are few.The second compendium was a collection of 20 ready to play characters with fully detailed backgrounds and advice on their use . Though some are worth it and are generally unique , many are just standard creatures of their race with a story added . The format of the characters is also poor , given a format equal to that of a standard monstrous compendium creature rather than todays NPC 's we are used to seeing . STill , this section is good , with minor flaws , even with many unoriginal characters within it.Sadly , this book is out of print , as is the entire Ravenloft line , though with the new Ravenloft from White Wolf in the works , maybe a new version of this book will follow . If you want to get this book , I recommend seeking out a second hand edition or searching in bookfinders , as it is worth almost , but not quite , its weight in gold .
 The Monsterous Compendium Ravenloft Appendices I and II are awesome if you run a Ravenloft campaign . Half the times I run my Ravenloft campaign I cant think of any new monsters to throw at the PC 's but definately now that I have these books they are a great help =-RRB- especially to my stress level .
 Like new just little wear around the edges the binding does not have a crease and pages are cripse . Over all I 'm very happy .
 Walter Bagehot was the first editor of the now world-famous Economist magazine , which has in many ways remained faithful to the liberal philosophy -LRB- in a European sense -RRB- of its founder . Lombard Street might be difficult to read at first , but as with Charles Dickens once you get used to the style the tale is riveting . And his advice on how a central bank , as the lender of last resort , should behave in the face of a banking crisis remains valid to this day .
 Can a book about finance written in 1873 be helpful in a world with complex financial markets and plenty of information about how they work ? The answer is yes . It is not that `` Lombard Street '' is a classic that one finds quoted many a time ; the reader 's interest should transcend historical inquiry or curiosity ; `` Lombard Street '' should be read and revered by anyone interested in the underlying , abiding features of financial markets.But what are those characteristics ? Bagehot , then editor of The Economist , writes that credit centers on trust
 I have choosen this reprint to understand the specific 19th century poin of viw about central banking . A rare essay from a practitioner and researcher .
 Brand new book , exactly as described . Super fast shipping . Would buy from this seller again . Thanks !
 An engrossing read for anyone who has an interest in business and economic history as written by contemporaries of yesteryear . Enjoy !
 New York City Mayor Silver created a special unit within the New York Police Department , one that answers only to him . The special unit , run by Paul Dentin an inspector of detectives , takes on the political hot potato cases so high profile nobody else wants them . Paul 's latest case has him pitted against the archdioceses of the Catholic Church and one of its factions , The Opus Christi.The Opus Christi , though part of the church , is a separate and very secretive sect that answers to its own leaders . When one of its minions is found with her stomach gutted because she was carrying heroin smuggled in from Columbia , the leaders wo n't give Paul and his team access to the nun who accompanied the victim . Four catholic priests are killed in cold blood with all of them afflicted with AIDS but the archdiocese does all in its power to block that investigation as well . Paul has to resort to some very creative police techniques to flush out the killers , especially since one of them threatened his ten-year-old daughter.William Hefferman has written a fascinating police procedural that partly uncovers the veil that hides the inner workings of the Catholic Church . There are various sub-plots that ties essentially into the main story line and the characters that populate this tale run the gamut of the human psyche . Though some readers might feel offended , most of the audience will believe that UNHOLY ORDER is the author at his talented best.Harriet Klausner
 This book presented an interesting concept regarding religous zealots . The point that this takes place within the Catholic church vs other religous sects , provides an interesting background that most people have a general understanding of.The characters are well developed . It was hard to put this book down .
 God bless William Heffernan , who shows how it is that the greatest religious scandals always result from cover-up , seldom from the scandal , per se . Two contemporary issues , secrecy about gays in the Roman Catholic priesthood and the secrecy that shrouds the operation of `` Opus Christi '' -LRB- no points for guessing what outfit he 's sending up here -RRB- , provide the framework for this well-paced novel.Heffernan also gets right the self-importance of people attached to the powerful . His rendering of the Cardinal 's aide-de-camp , the numeraries in Opus Christi , and their nemesis -LRB- a humorously drawn Jesuit priest and professor at Fordham -RRB- demonstrate the bad , the ugly , and the sterling good that play out in Church politics.Ultimately , it is hard to say all that is praiseworthy about this novel without repeatedly reassuring potential readers that it does not bog down , that it never becomes polemic in its well-wrought moral points . Still , Heffernan cleverly threads throughout the plot the silliness and even wickedness of categorizing people by their bedroom activities . He reminds parents that not even the daughter of a police inspector is immune from making a stupid mistake with a stranger . The goodness of cleverness and intelligence prevailing at last over plodding intransigence and the self-interest that leads to evil is an over-arching theme , as well.Sweeping aside the ample food for thought , this is a fast-paced , zig-zagging novel that riveted my attention from the first page through the last .
 One of the really funny aspects of John Grisham 's novel The Firm to me was the idea that a law firm could be a Mafia front . In Unholy Order William Heffernan presents an even more diabolic relationship between a secretive Catholic order and a Columbia drug cartel.Heffernan 's novel falls short only by failing to fully exploit the oppotunities the cultish criminal enterprise offers . As he draws near the end of his tale , the focus becomes concentrated on one member of Opus Dei , rather than the order itself.While this enables him to wrap up his novel , the reader wants more . In a sense Grisham had the same problem and reached for the same quick solution in The Firm with the `` mail fraud '' prosecution . But this book is , if anything , more artfully presented than Grisham 's classic , and such a facile solution is a bigger loss to the reader .
 I 've been a fan of Heffernan since I read Ritual , which was the first novel to feature Paul Devlin . Unholy Order is the best one in years . I 'm not going to give a plot blow by blow . That 's what the book jacket is for . The story is very interesting , the characters are as real as they get . An outstanding edition to a great series !
 My favorite kind of novel . I could n't put it down . Devlin and co. always entertains as they try to solve the hardest of cases when road block after road block is thrown in their path . All the supporting cast were great , even the villains . Loved the ending . Highly recommend .
 This book is so colorful . The illustrations are lovely pastels . The little girl explains why she loves all caterpillars , `` fat ones , skinny ones , etc. . . '' She lets them climb on her nose , and she wears one in a pet parade . The book explains what each caterpillar looks like and which ones will be moths , and which will be butterflies . All in all a really cute vintage book .
 I had this book when I was pregnant with my youngest son . I flat wore that book out ! It was my constant companion , and I remember sitting there looking at those pictures and imagining my own baby at that stage . It was like a prenatal photgraph album of my baby . I recommend this book to every pregnant woman , whether it 's your first baby or your fifteenth . Hand it on to your daughters , and when it wears out , replace it . Beautiful .
 This book does not have the most up-to-date photography but they are good enough and the general sentiment and prose are very nice . It gracefully combines science with the wonder of it all which makes a lovely combination . I had it 26 years ago when I was pregant and still recommend it .
 Pregnancy can be a very long wait . This book helps a lot by giving you a month by month accounting of what is happening in the development of the baby , both in words and with awesome photos.Highly recommend for any new mom-to-be .
 I 've read several books pertaining to early development and this one really stands out . The chronicle of human development is illustrated with astonishing clarity .
 This item arrived quickly and in perfect condition ! My daughter is pregnant with her first baby , and I love sharing the book I enjoyed so much when I was pregnant with my three children !!
 This is the same book I looked at every week when I was pregnant , and now my granddaughter is using it ! Awesome !
 Eric Jensen knows the needs of busy teachers and has the gift in helping them to utilize up-to-date knowledge in brain studies . Here it is applied to identifying 10 types of different learners
 A great book for teachers as well as parents . It helps to understand what is or may be happening in the brain . I like the recommendations given on ways we can help alleviate stressful events under given conditions .
 The second edition of Eric Jensen 's DIFFERENT BRAINS , DIFFERENT LEARNERS packs in a survey updated to reflect new tools and strategies based on further research into brain function and learning . The color guide provides an outline for identifying prevalent impairments and teaches how to handle each . Libraries will find this a top pick .
 This book identifies the different ways our brains work and gives excellent examples of each type . Not only that , it helps parents and educators know how to deal and reach each type of student ! Great book !
 Detective Joe Keough is a St. Louis Detective who is the mayor 's `` top cop '' which means he is little more than a bodyguard . He misses working in the field . Joe is actually thinking of leaving and moving on to someplace where he can do some actual police work when the mayor of East St. Louis in Illinois asks the mayor of St. Louis to loan him a police officer who has had experience in apprehending serial killers.Joe is the logical choice and he jumps at the chance to find out who is killing pregnant women and ripping out their fetuses . When Joe sets up his new office there are two such killings and he knows it is only a matter of time before there is a third . He is paired off with police officer Marc Jeeter , an idealistic man who badly wants catch this maniac and put him and put him in a cage but that wo n't be an easy take because there are political forces at work with a different agenda.Robert J. Randisi is an author who knows how to write an excellent police procedural . He shows a step-by-step investigation in progress and the reader gets so caught up in it that he ca n't put the book down until he learns how it all turns out . Part of the book is told by the viewpoint of the villain . This is exciting and horrifying at the same time . EAST OF THE ARCH is a fantastic installment in this long running series.Harriet Klausner
 EAST OF THE ARCH is the third installment in the Joe Keough detective series from master story teller Robert J Randisi . Considering moving on in his career , Joe 's mind is changed when he is loaned out by his boss , the mayor of St. Louis , to investigate a serial killing spree that is occuring there . Keough has assigned to him a `` task force '' consisting of a young Mark Twain quoting dective , Marc Jeter -LRB- who I would like to see teamed up with Keough again -RRB- and their `` girl Friday '' Jenny Sykes . The three begin the investigation of a serial killer who is killing pregnant women . Also showing up from Joe 's past is Valerie Speck and the boy Brady who were involve in Keough 's first case in St. Louis and the IA detectives Mason & Gail who are still out to get Keough any way they can . Add a seperate murder to the mix and once again Randisi weaves a first rate mystery . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND EAST OF THE ARCH and hope there are many more Randisi Joe Keough books coming out .
 This book by Randisi was a very good read . I enjoyed this book a lot and hope to read more by this author in the future . It was my first book by him and I enjoyed it.J . Robert Ewbank author `` John Wesley , Natural Man , and the ` Isms ' ''
 Author Dorothy Fletcher claims the book is fiction , but surely it is not ! As every teacher can attest , these are the students who inhabit -- and haunt -- every high school classroom in America ; yet the characters come across as individuals . The teacher 's first encounter is with an impatient , sarcastic junior who announces herself as `` Rhodezzzzia . '' -LRB- The intonation is perfect . -RRB- The final encounter is by the bedside of Rochelle , a shy student with AIDS , who dies `` one week shy of her seventeenth birthday . '' In the intervening months , the students gain confidence in their abilities , question their values , give up on school , and face some harsh realities of life . Along the journey of one school year , Mrs. Fletcher guides you through the lessons of some of the greats , such as Edgar Allan Poe , Sojourner Truth , T.S. Eliot , and Maya Angelou . She also teaches you about human nature -- both adult and adolescent . Read The Cruelest Months ! You will laugh aloud , but keep a hankie nearby . You will need it .
 I loved this book and the author 's warm , authentic voice . We hear a lot about troubled U.S. schools , but this novel shares an insider 's perspective . Fletcher creates a mix of humor , everyday realism , traumas and sudden joys . The Florida setting is truly drawn , as are the outspoken characters , from the angry Rochelle to impish Luscious , and tormented Yasmina , among others . It 's also a ` coming-of-age ' story about the young teacher , managing to do her job in a climate of racial distrust and tense emotions . I hope we get to see many more books from this writer -- she knows her craft and has something to say that 's worth hearing .
 They never really tell you what to expect . I had the pleasure to read this early in my teaching experience as well as an opportunity to connect with the author , Ms. Fletcher . Her experiences are eye opening .
 Fletcher 's book demonstrates how teachers learn from their students and has used a clever format to lead us through her adventures in educating her students.Entertaining and enlightening.Dickie AndersonAuthor/Columnist - Amelia Island - Florida
 I recommend this book for teachers and those thinking about being a teacher . More importantly , I recommend this book to everyone concerned about our education system . Ms. Fletcher accurately describes the dedication and efforts of teachers working under very difficult conditions . Now , more than ever , our schools need the support of the public in our efforts to prepare our students for a challenging world .
 Fletcher vividly describes what we , as teachers , see each year in our classrooms ! I related to so many of the vignettes . As a 11th year teacher in a public school , I have had many of the same characters in my classes . Teachers , students and administrators are sure to enjoy this book ! Pre-service teachers would gain from the insight and sensitivity .
 I really enjoyed this book!Kirk led a life like an 18th century 007 . Of course Kirk embellishes some of his exploits , but the authors are honest enough to let the reader know when he does so.A wonderful account of the French & Indian War .
 This item was delivered as promised , will do business with this setter again . Thank you .
 I have worked in an abortion clinic for over twenty years and Anne Baker 's work is required reading for all new counselors on our staff . In addition her book is an excellent resource for the seasoned counselor . Her expertise and sensitivity in dealing with a host of patient issues relating to abortion becomes apparent in the first few pages of this manual . She also manages to provide useful guidelines to help clinic staff deal with the special stresses involved in working in an abortion clinic .
 Living in a society that incorrectly but routinely equates Christianity with disapproval of all things sexual , a society that too often silences education and honest , thoughtful , dialogue , often in the name of religion - it is especially refreshing to read Anne Baker 's comprehensive book . Apparently for years she has humbly listened to countless women and now makes their lives and their struggles - including their spiritual lives and religious struggles - come alive for others . This book is a rich resource for clergy of all faiths who want to respond wisely and compassionately to women 's and family 's pleas for guidance related to decisions about abortion and childbearing .
 Covers all aspects of counseling women who are facing an unplanned pregnancy , written from a perspective that respects the choice of women . Covers everything from `` options counseling , '' which presents all possible options a woman may have to choose from , to providing support for a woman who has chosen to have an abortion , to dealing with specific difficult cases . The author writes with knowledge and the personal experience of working in a clinic for many years . I was very impressed with its detail and thoroughness .
 Anne Baker 's book is a comprehensive and useful information source . It belongs on the reference shelf of every abortion provider and every person who counsels women considering abortion .
 Anne Baker 's book is a comprehensive and useful information source . It belongs on the reference shelf of every abortion provider and every person who counsels women considering abortion .
 Anne Baker 's book , '' Abortion and Options Counseling '' is a well constructed text which covers this complex and controversial topic in a well thought out manner . Her approach to counselling issues has been a valuable addition to our already comprehensive library of abortion medicine texts and has proven to be an extermely useful tool for counsellors and clients at our Planned Parenthood of Australia clinics . It should be a must read for all in the abortion health care field.Dr David Grundmann , Medical Director , Planned Parenthood of Australia , President of the International Society of Abortion Doctors
 Anne Baker 's , `` Abortion and Options Counseling '' , turns out to be an absolutely marvelous encyclopedia of her interaction with women undergoing termination of pregnancy . Her manual can serve both as a guide for the implimemtation and initiation of abortion counseling services for the office or a physician addressing the initiation of abortion services . On the other hand , the detailed attention to `` clients who pose a challenge '' and to the Fetal Indications Termination of Pregnancy patients can be a resource for offices and physicians who handle these very uniquie and specialized sitations . . This book reflects expertise , caring , and understanding of these difficult circumstances that some women experience . .
 You ca n't go wrong with a Mable Hoffman cookbook in your cookbook library .
 When my daughter Julia was 7 years old , I was told by teachers , principal , counselors and social workers that I could never expect her to read above 3rd grade level , and must be prepared to support her all her life.They also noted , as an aside , that she was remarkably well adjusted for someone with her multiple and complex learning disabilities.Julia is 24 now , a university senior majoring in environmental science , with a 3.75 GPA.The strong sense of self , of her innate value , which counselors noted even when her future as an independent adult looked completely out of the question , I credit to the fact that I read this book while Julia was still tumbling around in amniotic fluid.My primary goal with my daughter was to be sure she had a strong senese of her self and her innate value as a human being -- a goal solely and entirely inspired by this book ! Because her self esteem was strong , she attacked the challenges of her life with confidence and implacable determination , and won.My daughter has become a cheerful , unique , self-referring and self reliant adult , and I credit her success to two things
 As a father , public school administrator , and college professor teaching public school teachers , I have recommended this book to hundreds of others . Without a single exception , those with whom I 've shared this title have responded that it was of unusually great value . Many feel it is the best insight into adult/child relationships they have ever found . Written in casual language for lay people , it is especially helpful at diagnosing adult behaviors that give rise to child behaviors that trouble and perplex their parents and teachers . Kids are the way they are with cause and reason , and Dorothy Briggs will help you understand the causes and reasons . It is an easy read and will likely help you in your relationships with others very much . I have just ordered another copy to give a personal friend who has a troubling and troubled teen . Best wishes ...
 The whole idea of self-esteem has been misrepresented and mocked in recent years . People who do n't really underatand the concept think it means falsely praising children and giving them an unrealistically inflated sense of their abilities or an annoying conceit . What it really means is letting the child know he or she is lovable and worthwhile , which every human being certainly is to begin with . Most all parents feel this about their children in some ways -- they love them -- but we can communicate otherwise and end up making the child feel inadequate , unloved , that only performance brings approval . The book is beautifully and compellingly written and can really help you see the way if you 're feeling uncertain of your parenting or down about how your children are behaving . I always felt better and inspired after reading it and thought of it as a gift to myself and my family -- it helped me remember what is really important and also gave me definite ideas about how to parent more effectively , with pertinent information about what kids need at different ages . Along with How To Talk So Kids Will Listen and Listen so Kids Will Talk , I think it 's the best there is !
 I found this book when in college , applied it to myself first , and then to all my relationships with children . What can be better than seeing a child blossom , and seeing love in their eyes when they are going to spend time in your presence ? No , we can never be perfect , but this book gives the perspective and big picture , so that you can ride out the difficult times , knowing your consistent nurturing of healthy self esteem will come back to reward everyone involved . This is always one of my new parent or struggling parent gifts .
 This book is ideal for anyone desiring a positive , nuturing relationship with their child . Because it makes intuitive sense , it really opened my eyes . It has also given me insight into my own actions and personality , as a parent and an adult , as well as confidence in my own instincts . Often , new parents are given well-meaning but conflicting and misguided advice about how to `` get control '' of our children , often by parents who could have really benefitted from this book . -LRB- This is especially true , I think , for parents of bright , active , sensitive children -RRB- . The best part is , keeping this philosophy in mind and employing these strategies brought immediate results with my kids -LRB- diffused anger , allowed them to get control of themselves so they could behave -RRB- and that has given me confidence that I am on the right course . Also , do not throw the baby out with the bathwater regarding `` page 144 . '' While the author 's conclusions regarding the origins of homosexuality represent outdated thinking , the remainder of her conclusions are on point .
 I really appreciated this book until I got to her views on homosexuality . They so offended me , I almost stopped reading right there . But then , I remembered some of her outdated language and references and checked the copyright date
 The chapters on `` Genuine Encounter '' and `` I-Messages '' are worth reading again and again . Although this book is old , the messages are fresh today . I see parents every day who do not enjoy their children ; this book encourages you to appreciate your children every day - a great gift .
 From the beginning of my first pregnancy over fifteen years ago I had been searching for a book to use as a guide in raising my child . I wanted a book that would cover all aspects of child rearing , as well as the different aspects of child development . Three children later and finally I come across the # 1 book for understanding a child 's physical , emotional , mental , and social developmental stages ! How I wish I would have come across this book sooner . The reading is clear and concise , and the information begs to be put into practice immediately ! Reading this book has provided the knowledge I needed to change parenting skills that were ineffective into possitive , productive , and affective parenting skills I wanted . My entire family says thank you !
 I received this book as a gift 13 years ago . It became the main resource book I used while raising my kids . I now give it out to others as gifts . It helped me to get through the `` temper tantrums '' . It teaches ways to help work through difficult times by understanding your childs need for expression and gives you examples and tools to help strengthen your childs self esteem . Good Self esteem is so important in children and it begins to develope from birth . This book is easy to ready and re-read as you go through each phase of your childs developement .
 Excellent because it is very insightful , sensitive and enlightening while at the same time being practical and in most readbale style of writing.Being readable I feel I can share it with my husband who is not much into reading and relatively less `` experienced in the `` importance of the mind '' and self esteem related topics.Only wish the cover phtos was more appealing - the baby looks like a rubber toy although my toddler did love it.Glad I ordered it purely based on Amazon reviews as I had not heard about it before .
 I purchased this book years ago and it is my all time favorite book on parenting , child developkment/self esteem , and child psychology . The author details a child 's world such as trust , love , safety , and outlines what a child needs to have healthy self esteem : Two beliefs1 . I am worthwhile2 . I am loveableOne of my favorite sections of the book is when the author touches on empathy and the `` safety of nonjudgment . `` She gives examples of judgments verses I reactions : Judgment `` you 're messy ! '' I reaction `` I do n't want to clean up cookie crumbs off the floor ! '' Speaking with respect , gentleness , but assertion is key to communiting on a healthy level with your child.She details the safety of trust , parental mirrors , safety of `` owning '' one 's feelings , the journey of childhood , middle childhood , adolescence , handling children 's feelings -LRB- a very important chapter -RRB- , and decoding anger.The most pivitol analysis is when she describes parental mirrors and brings the reader to the awareness that children model OUR behavior . They will learn to see themselves through us and how we feel about ourselves . If a parent is self critical , cold , and overbearing , the child will be more likely to develop such traits . It is critical that parents be willing to examine and modify their behavior since it directly affects the emotional , mental , social , and even physical wellbeing of their children.Finally , the book does cover topics of discipline and sexuality . A few individuals on here complained about the `` outdated '' analysis of homosexuality but I have no problem with it . Since I am a firm believer that homosexuality IS unhealthy behavior , I agree with the author completely . I think , sometimes , that parents are unwilling to accept or bring themselves to the fact that something they did or are doing is affecting their child 's sexuality . Sexuality is influenced by us , is it not?Good book all around and I recommend it to everyone !
 I have read this book and it offers excellent advise for parents . Several reviewers here have pointed out the authors `` outdated '' views on homosexuality - this is their opinion . Homosexuality is definitely an identity crisis and professional help should most definitely be sought immediately . There should be no doubt that individuals with a gay or bisexual agenda wrote the careless and irresponsible comments above . On the whole , the book is excellent . If you do n't agree with page 144 just tear it out and your done .
 You will not succeed with any '' Pocket Parent '' style book or with any single `` parenting tip '' if you fail to understand the very important things that this book explains in a clear , thorough way . Every parent should read it to go beyond their expectations and treat their children with humanity and respect . Very nice book .
 I have to admit I have n't finished the book yet , but I LOVE it already ! I almost see it as a self-help book too , because as I read it , I 'm doing a lot of reflections on myself and my own upbringing . I actually recommended the book to two other friends who are n't even pregnant or expecting any time soon ! What a great book to teach about self-esteem and how we can help instill it in our children .
 Reading this early was a great help to me . My son is still quite young , but I 'm already getting good ideas and getting into good habits to help build up his self esteem . This information also makes me feel like a more confident parent .
 This book is the one gift I always present to a new parent . It is excellent , and the first book I 've come across that provides a concise overview of each developmental stage -LRB- physical , emotional , social -RRB- from birth to young adult.Regarding the ` alternate ' lifestyle information the book discusses , I always suggest the reader glean what is appropriate for their family values , and disregard the rest .
 well , what can i say ? i love it because i needed it , i do believe the seller should have given the book more credit , they should have categorized it VERY good , in the &#34; condition &#34; it was . . i am more than please , i started reading it for class already and i actually did grow fond of this book its very interesting and filled with knowledge !
 I am half way through the book and am enjoying every page of it . The author seems to be enlightened as well , which makes the read more enjoyable . God bless her soul . My condolensces to her loved ones -LRB- she seems to have passed away on Sep 21 , 2012 -RRB- .
 It was a good book with a good lesson . I just prefer 1,2,3 Magic -LRB- Effective Discipline for Children 2-12 -RRB- by Thomas W. Phelan , PhD .
 This book came recommended by a friend who used it while raising her wonderful children . I 'm now taking care of a 21/2 year old and this book is wonderful !
 I always suggest this book to parents as a valuable resource . Often organizations I give talks to want recent book titles -LRB- within the past five years -RRB- I always keep this one on the list anyway . I teach courses for parents who are divorcing . Some parents have felt so discouraged during divorce and have dropped out of thier children 's lives for a time and do n't know where to start . This book helps them see how to start again and build the bond.This book gives the key to understanding where to start with building self esteem in children who have problems , with parents who have made mistakes and the fantastic thing about this book is that the philosophy works in creating strength in the relationship . When children feel this bond , and respond to it , it boosts the parents selfesteem as well . I have taught over 7,000 parents and I never fail to mention , `` Your Child 's Self Esteem '' , By Dorothy Briggs . I have always wanted to say , `` Thanks Dorothy ! ''
 As the author of -LSB- ... -RSB- I recommend Your Child 's Self-Esteem with all my heart.Until my book was out I told my clients , readers and workshop participants to read Briggs book . Although I treat tantrums differently , I find most of what Briggs said over 30 years agostill in line with my own guidance . She was way ahead of her timeand for the most part the book will give you everything you needto know about your child 's self-esteem and more .
 Having been brought up by parents who , it could be argued , crossed the line from `` providing discipline '' to out & out physical abuse on occasion -- and regularly engaged in verbal abuse -- I knew that , if I did n't want to repeat my parents ' mistakes , I 'd have to put some effort into educating myself on good parenting techniques when I became pregnant . I have read many-many-many parenting books -- and this remains my # 1 pick . My twin sons are almost 5 and I consistently get complimented by friends , neighbors and teachers on how sweet-natured and well-behaved they are . I credit this book as the reason why the `` terrible twos/threes '' were a breeze for me.If you want to raise obedient kids who follow your orders without question -- this is not the book for you . Similarly , if you want to be your kids ' best friend and spoil them rotten -- then forget it . Instead , this book shows you how to walk a middle ground where , by showing your children respect , they will learn to respect themselves and their parents.Yes - the section on homosexuality is comically out of date - but do n't disregard the rest of the book 's wisdom because of a few paragraphs of nonsense.So many of our children 's peers will get involved with drugs , alcohol , premarital sex , and God knows what else . As parents - the most powerful survival tool we can give our kids is a sense of self-esteem .
 Easy to read . Excellent real-life techniques . Child-centered methods that can be used right away ! Believe me , I 've tried these techniques with my 4 children with success !
 I read many books when my daughter was born in 1986 . This was the very very best . I just recommended it to a friend and decided to report on what happend to my kids using Dorothy 's approach.My daughter graduates from college this May . I credit much of her confidence , poise , independence , self discipline , sound decison making , and self awareness to implementing the ideas presented in this book . Same with my 15 year old son.I reckoned if i did a few things correctly when their little brains were soft and impressionable they would have the tools to weather whatever storms crossed their paths in the future . These storms did appear a few years ago , and my kids held up perfectly.My kids are biracial . No big deal today , but a bigger one in 1986 . So I decided they required double doses of self esteem . Fortunately they 've encountered very little racism . A blip , if that.Read the book and do the simple things she recommends . Toss the anti gay remarks , not the book.Added May 25 , 2008
 I read this in college for a child psychology class , and the ideas therein really improved my communication with everyone . It helped me unlearn the type of unhelpful behaviors generally tolerated in this society . -LRB- alluded to in more recent bestsellers by Robert Pirsig -RRB- Of course I think it should be required reading for all future parents also . There is a lot more included than simple answers I was exposed to as by adult caretakers in my childhood.This is probably a good gift , because it might be hard for expecting parents to pick out among all the competitors . The books size looks impressive , but it is great to read , while providing all these insights how to be more supportive of anyone , with minor changes in your behavior .
 This is the most valuable book on raising children there is . It should be required reading for every parent . These are simple , clear steps for raising happy , successful children . It is far more valuable than any `` What to Expect '' book .
 This is one of the greatest books written in this century . It is a must for every parent , pastor and teacher .
 I am a nurse with three children ages 3 to 13 , all boys . I wish I 'd known about this book before leaving the hospital with my first ! I plan to give a copy to all my brothers ' , sisters , and especially my mother so that she can be a better grandmother in this area . Every teacher from nursery through high school should also be required to read it . We all need to be reminded of what is truly important in helping every person become the best they can be , not what we want them to be .
 I rated this book a five star only because I could n't rate it any higher . I bought this book many years ago because I wanted to help my children build their self-esteem . What happened was , i learned why they did n't -- because their mother did n't . This book put me on a journey of self-discovery that I still continue on today , over 20 years later . It literally saved my life ! This book should be required reading for every adult . Powerful.A War of Her Own - A World War II Novel
 I am a nurse with three children ages 3 to 13 , all boys . I wish I 'd known about this book before leaving the hospital with my first ! I plan to give a copy to all my brothers ' , sisters , and especially my mother so that she can be a better grandmother in this area . Every teacher from nursery through high school should also be required to read it . We all need to be reminded of what is truly important in helping every person become the best they can be , not what we want them to be .
 What an incredible book . And written over 40 years ago . Still relevant today . Maybe even more so today . We need more parents to read this book!This should be the third parenting book any parent should read . The first should be `` Your Pregnancy Week By Week . '' The second should be any version of infant operating instructions . And the third should be this book.What a wonderful and direct book about how to raise children to rise to their potential , have a loving relationship with their parents and others , and are comfortable with themselves .
 This is an excellent book that every parent should read . I wish I had read it sooner . It explains how to raise a child so that they become confident human beings . Parenting requires more than simply loving your child . You need to be very very conscious of how you interact with your child because your actions can have important consequences . Many of these things I figured out for myself , but it would have been great to read this beforehand . Highly recommended .
 Great book on how to raise confident , happy and responsible children . The cover has a baby on it but it really is for children through the teenage years .
 This is the book I wish my parents had access to when I was growing up . It teaches positive means of discipline without the shame and fear that so many rely on to train their children . It gives clear , concise ways to help your child develop a positive self-image -- humanity . The book addresses many questions and issues that families face , while embodying positive insights into human psychology . I find the book appropriate for all relationships -- not just parent/child .
 I purchased this book when my happy , productive , responsible adult kids were little and can honestly say it was my bible for child-rearing . Too many `` self-esteem '' books focus on how to make a child feel good no matter what they do . This book focuses on how to help your child develop self-esteem by earning it through responsible actions and appropriate achievement - but it does not have any of the harshness or mean-spiritedness of a Dobson or Rosemond book.If you 're looking for the perfect gift for new parents , this is it .
 I read this book as if it were the bible on raising children , when I was pregnant and after my son was born - he is now sixteen - going on seventeen in three months.I leant my copy to another Mother , when she was pregnant , and never saw it again - I hope that it was as helpful to her as it was to me!I now have a six month old daughter and wanted to re-read some of the beautiful books from my sons childhood , and this is one of them -LRB- the other is ` You are Your Child 's First Teacher -RRB- . My son has always stood out as exceptional and I thank this book for helping me parent him in a way that created the circumstances for him to be his full self and rise to his potential . He is still working on it , as we all are , but I have faith & love in him!I reccomend this book highly !
 I was just checking this out to see if it 's still available -- have been thinking of getting it for a couple of friends.I have the 1975 edition , dog-eared and beat-up but , boy , it served me well.My daughter is now 24 and she is confident but humble . Very smart , very polite and charming . And very sincere and honest . As a matter of fact , I hear her say some of the things to me that I know I said to her after learning it from this book.Of course , she could have turned out that way anyway , but I really believe this book had a great effect on both our lives . My own upbringing was nothing like what 's in this book , and I swore I would not act that way with my daughter . I believe it made a huge difference in both our lives.Buy this book , it is the best !
 This was the best parenting book we ever read . It teaches you how to tune in and listen to your child and really hear what they say and do n't say . I now give this to everyone I know who has a child .
 I have read many books related to raising/disciplining children , but this was by far the best . The author does a phenomenal job of explaining things from the viewpoint of a child . This book helps you to look within yourself before reacting or responding to your children . There are many practical applications .
 This book is a great read ! It really captures the kind of person Charles Manson is ; a person just like you and me who happened to get thrown on the wrong path in society . I could n't stop turning the pages . Although at times this book can be gory & drug crazed , it is also captivating & relaistic . I highly recommend !
 ` The most dangerous man alive ' ? Doubtful ... more like an individual who proves how influential environment is on forming of human character . If you read this book and do n't in some small way sympathize with the human being that is Charles Manson then you 're less human than the ` monster ' he is purported to be . Inevitably there is bias and self indulgent perspectives conveyed here ; the writing is relatively average as well though it flows smoothly & does compel one to turn the page , even with droopy eyelids . At least it is an answer to the best seller written by the man who was most instrumental in putting Manson behind bars ; at most it 's as close to a confession the literary world will probably ever see from Mr. Manson .
 Say what you want , but Charles Manson fascinates me . I do believe he is crazy and should not be out walking around , but , still , something about him makes me want to try to figure out how his mind works and why it works the way it does.Manson In His Own Words was a little bit helpful . Honestly , I do n't know how much of it is accurate . The author Nuel Emmons says himself that he did not have a tape recorder or pencil or paper during the conversations , so he had to go by memory , writing things down when he returned to his car . That alone tells me that there is probably more of Mr. Emmons thoughts ' or feelings than Charlie.Reading about his childhood was heartbreaking . Imagine your own mother trading you as a child for a pitcher of beer . Your own mother turning you over to the courts because she did n't want to take care of you . Being in foster homes , reform schools and jail since you were twelve years old . Being abused in those places mentally , physically and sexually . How can that not have a negative effect on anyone?Charles Manson definitely has a screw loose , but is he the evil incarnate that the media has made him out to be ? Again , you have to read this with an open mind and take what is written with a grain of salt . I am not real sure how much of what Charlie says is reliable , but it was a very interesting perspective from what is supposed to be his point of view.Full Disclosure
 This is a very well-written page turning book , however one should be weary of the truth or should I say lack of truth contained within its pages . The author who is the `` voice of Manson '' for this book is an ex-prison buddy of Manson , prior to the slayings of Sharon Tate etc. . The author , Nuel Emmons portrays Manson as a victim of society . I finished reading it thinking it was almost entirely a book of excuses for why Manson did what he did . There is no doubth that he was a victim of a horrible upbringing and a corrupt jail system . However , the book did not answer a lot of questions I was hoping it would . With that being said it is a different perspective on the Manson story and I highly recommend it to those only if they have already or plan on reading other Manson books such as Helter Skelter etc. . I am waiting for the new Manson book to be released in November 2010 . It should be a good one . Regards .
 I am by no means a Charles Manson fan but I must say after reading this book his life was anything but ordinary and boring . I guess that 's what makes the story so compelling is that compared to his life , my life seems very ordinary . I have always found fascination in mentally inbalanced individuals and what drives them . Having said that , one can learn from his childhood and young adult experiences which is why I recommend this to everyone interested in the psychology of criminals . The book in its simplicity can make for good reading that even grade school students can comprehend . Had this book been available in high school I would have loved to have done a book report on it myself . The book is coherent , intelligent and gramatically well written . At times I question the authenticity in a lot of statements and the situations that he had gotten himself into , but one thing to add to that is the fact that he had nothing anymore to gain or loose by lying ; the fact ca n't be overlooked that Manson is a natural born lier and an expert at deceipt and it is and always will be in his blood .
 `` Now I ask you , is my charisma , my power , my love , or my madness drawing those people to me ? Or is it an attraction caused by writers so obsessed with proving themselves to the public , they created a monster and fed a myth to establish their own names ? '' -LRB- 225 -RRB- . This is probably the closest to the truth that you will come . This is Manson rambling for hours upon hours inside prison walls . The author , Nuel Emmons lets Manson loose , and barely puts in his own comments , and refuses to take sides . This is Manson 's story , and although you have to ask yourself what 's true , and what 's bull , by the end you wil have a much better understanding and - not so much - a pity for him , but a clearer picture . Manson makes some sense in this book , and I 'll be the first to point out that Manson himself ADMITS that he WAS nvolved in those senseless murders , but does n't take full blame . Does he regret or feel sorry about it ? You 'll have to be the judge . But , you can also read between the lines here too . He felt a responsibility for those unwanted kids , because that 's where he came from . True , he might have used that to his advantage , but again , you be the judge . I highly reccomend this book . I hate to say this , but we may have mistaken this man a bit . And that 's not to say that I agree with those senseless murders !!!! But you will see the bitterness that was growing in Manson 's heart through his travels through homosexual love flings , rape , being a bastard child , and living life on the run . Read this book , please , do n't rely only on Bugliosi 's `` Helter Skelter . '' This is the real deal .
 Well some will not read this because its written by an old jail mate of Charlies , but this book has a lot of stories form Charlie himself ... its interesting but you do wonder if Charlie is using his superb manipulatuin skills to suck you in . Hummmmmmmm ?????
 I have read many books on Manson as well as other `` Serial Killers . '' There is legitimate debate as to whether or not Manson himself should be lumped into this category . Digression.Of all the books I have read on Manson , surprisingly this one seems the least self-serving . The whole notion of `` Helter Skelter '' -LRB- which I honestly believe was preached to his followers , but in actuality was in no way the catalyst for the Tate-LaBianca murders -RRB- as being the one and only motive put forth by prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi seems to me to be one of the most self-serving . I wo n't reveal anything too important , but Manson is surprisingly candid in this book and his version seems much more plausible and realisitic than any of the other accounts I have read .
 I liked it a lot . Manson said it was all changed around and garbage . I still liked it and found it interesting . It 's in my top 5 of Manson books . This subject has so many twists , turns and side stories happening . It 's just an incredible story . My picks in order on this subject are - 1 -RRB- The Family , 2 -RRB- Shadow Over Santasusana , 3 -RRB- Manson
 This book is a good read no doubt.But first dont think Manson actually wrote this he did not.This book dives deep in Mansons past theres so much confusion surrounding this man and the family that no one really knows what to think . In reading this book I realized that Manson is a human being.I have no sympathy for him in anyway Manson had these people brutally killed but this book will help you understand the human behind the animal .
 I wo n't pretend I know all about the `` Manson Family '' and I have n't even read Helter Skelter -LRB- i 've seen the film , though -RRB- and I do n't really read many true crime novels , but this was one I could n't pass up . I do n't know why some are going on about how Charlie did n't write this book , it is plain as day that there is another author , so Charlie more or less dictated the book . Right ? Now , how well Emmons adhered to those words I do n't know . But I liked this book . It was a fast read for me , compelling , sometimes frighteningly rational , and I understand the motives behind the Manson Family better . No , Charlie did n't commit those murders himself , but he was a ring leader , although I think at that point if he 'd told them not to commit the murders they probably would 've done them anyway - that being hyped up on drugs thing . I must say that I walked away knowing more than I ever wanted about Manson 's previous sex life . I did like the honest feeling that I got from Manson -LRB- what there was of it -RRB- and he owned up to some things . He did n't try to paint himself as a victim , he did take some responsibility . Does that make all he did excusable ? No.What disappointed me about the book was the lack of information of the trials . Like I said , I have n't read the prosecution 's book -LRB- maybe i should -RRB- , but I really would 've liked more of Manson 's view on his trial , the Family 's trial , etc. . What was with the swastika on his head and the `` I am Christ '' claims ? I realize some of it may 've been media propaganda , but I would 've liked more of his view.Is this book entirely the truth ? Probably not , nothing ever is . But it 's a good read , in my opinion . He 's just an average guy who made some horrible choices , probably has brain damage from all the drugs , and definitely has childhood trauma . It 's easy to see how he ended up where he did .
 I could not put this book down.I had bought it for my boyfriend and ended up reading it myself.I found it interesting and different from any other book i had read about manson.I could tell it was like him talking from the start to the finish.I liked it better than Helter Skelter because it seemed closer to the truth.I hear Manson did n't like this book and i wonder why?I thought he liked the guy that helped him write it.It is a good read .
 Not only would I say that this book provides some lesser known aspects of Manson and his life , I would say it is vital to recognizing how manipulative and dangerous people can succeed . Not even a few chapters into the book , and I could tell that Manson is as distorted in his perceptions of his own actions as he is accurately perceptive of other people 's personalities , especially their vulnerabilities . It is little wonder to me that he holds such a fixation on the public mind -LRB- for the character of his terribleness -RRB- , as well as the individual minds of his fanatics -LRB- for what they must perceive as something prophetic -RRB- , and yet it is difficult to pinpoint precisely what it is about him that gives him this ambiance . After reading this , I discredited the opinion that Manson was so manipulative that he could literally control minds and actions of his followers . Were he such a mastermind , I 'd say he would never have been caught . What I took away was how his perspective on life can somehow be infectious to those who let themselves listen . What 's more , I think he appeals naturally to people who feel helpless , pained , and who are very vulnerable -LRB- and I am of the opinion that helplessness and pain are far too common across the population -RRB- . What appals me more than anything is Manson 's ready willingness to justify -LRB- to himself -RRB- his using other people for his own self-aggrandized objectives . People who have the insight into other 's suffering , and who use that insight to take advantage of that suffering is also something I think is far too common across the population .
 A book so unique & rarely seen. , 30 Aug 2009The best study of mankind , is man -LRB- it 's said -RRB- Charles Manson is here being exposed naked almost.Readable and coherent , yet abstract thoughts make a lot of sense , when taking everything into consideration here.It 's often wrongly assumed by some reviewers that his always rationalising his crimes , I bet you would too?Extremely open as he is , we hear the tales of Manson here revealed . Just study all material of TV conducted interviews , his drawing obvious parallels with a smear of sardonic wrath along his words ; it 's both pure and tragic at the same time.There is nothing much to gain for him no more , except maintaining him self to certain ambivalent point , a valid point indeed ! -LRB- a Supernatural cult leader -RRB- a typical stigma he was dubbed by the media , who afterwards call every word of his `` INSANE `` No hoax , but told to people who might have lived another life and does not cope with the moral of such diversity . His not even trying to paint a heroic picture of him self . I can recommend this book to anyone without conform and corrupted values from society , anyone who can think for them selves!It 's obvious this is a part of the American experience to me . Or the uncontrolled chaos this world thus possess!What are you waiting for ? Buy.I can recommend - The Gates of Janus -LRB- Serial killing and its analysis , by the Moors Murderer ` Ian Brady`If you want to read a perhaps more sophisticated view from another point of view.But I highly appreciate Manson for putting it straight in an excellent way.Don ' t worry Charlie , I can handle it . It all makes sense this more you talk openly about it.What really bother me are peoples libel moral always has to attack people for standing up , even behind bars till they die , we shall only hear the truth from others ? I would assume that the best entangled goodies are staying with the murder and his persona . Unfortunately this purchase of books is rarely seen . Despite the police and society trying to act out all normal and best sheltered from what they really produce and enhance mentally unto people .
 This book is a must for anyone even remotely interested in the Manson Murders . We really get an in depth look into the mind of a killer , and even though Manson 's 51 at the time of the writing of this book , we get an insight into why he is the way he is ; even from his earliest childhood memories . Its an amazing autobiography and well worth a read .
 First off , if you are looking for a really detailed account of the crimes and trial this book is not for you . This is Manson 's story , from his mouth and out of the pen of Neul Emmons . Manson starts off from his childhood telling key moments from his youth that contributed to his way of thinking . Some stories were really sad and depressing , some fully and others enlightening.Manson goes further and throws out a lot of stories and information that other books failed to cover . He also establishes the murder to have been done , not to incite a race war , but to free Bobby Beausoleil -- which to me makes more sense . Manson also explains how his paranoia escalated after he shot and -LRB- thought he -RRB- killed a Black Panther and the fear and paranoia that started around Spahn Ranch , which led to him arming his family members and becoming violent.The book contains a lot of incriminating information against himself , but also more rational explanations than the bogus `` mind control '' BS Bugliosi introduced . He also explained that other people were involved with the murder of Shorty Shea , which were never prosecuted.All , in all the book is very good , very candid and you can tell Manson really pored his heart out and attempted the truth . Sadly , a lot of the truth goes against the case the D.A. made against him , which will in end make people call him a liar.I suggest this book highly , and think it 's more important than Helter Skelter .
 This book began with the childhood of Manson and the numerous institutions he 's been in and out of throughout his life . It eliminates hype and sheds light on the truth of the madman behind the mask and gives a personal account of how experiences led him in and out of institutions for the duration of his life .
 I was just goofin around online and i remember reading this book 2 years ago ... I loved it ... The words and how graphic the book is ... This book really explained alot of things and answered many questions ... I absolutely love this book and i think is one of my favorite books . It sure beats the Harry Potter series ... !
 ok , ok , - so these arent actually charlies exact words , but it is a decent overview of how everything came to be . If you saw this book on the ` mind of manson ' tv show - i really suggest you read it , because the lady who was commenting on mansons interview didnt mention one single time the actual reasons the murders came to be , her OPINION was that it was revenge for a failed music career as the motive . . it 's ridiculous . . and besides , that would only explain the tate residence murders and not the others . . and the `` helter skelter race war '' angle is just garbage . The media pushed this along with the prosecutor and it was blown into something it really wasnt ... After reading this you should gain a better perspective of this man . It does cover tons of information about his life from birth to the trial , and the ` family ' members . He may be guilty of not trying to prevent the crimes , but he isnt the monster the media makes him out to be . Read this book and l GUARANTEE you will see things more clearly . I also recommend ` my life with charles manson ' by paul watkins . He didnt FORCE anyone to commit murders . I obviously disagree with what they did , but I am at least openminded enough to understand others perspectives , no matter how disturbing .
 I HAVE READ ALL MEDIA EXPOSED IDEAS OF THE STORY OF MANSON AND HIS SO CALLED FAMILY.I JUDGE ALL AS HUMAN FIRST AND ALL OTHER THINGS ON CHARACTER.I NEVER BELIEVED THAT HE WAS A HIPPIE CULT LEADER , NOT THAT HE FORMED THIS FAMILY , AND BELIEVE HE KILLED NO ONE.THIS WAS JEERED BY MANSON HIMSELF BUT I BELIEVE THIS IS THE CLOSEST REVELATION TO EXPOSE THE WAY IT CAME ABOUT OUT OF THE MEDIA .1967 , MANSON ASKED NOT TO GO TO SOCIETY.HE MET FEW INSTRUMENTAL PEOPLE HE HUNG OUT WITH . HE WAS SHY OF SEX . HE WAS IGNORANT AS TO HOW THINGS WERE . HE WAS INTO BING CROSBY , NOT BEATLES AND HELTER SKELTER.ONE OF THE GIRLS CREATED THAT BY HERSELF.IF IT HAD STAYED IN WHAT WAS HIS RELEASE IT WOULD HAVE BEEN O.K. . BUT TOO MANY PEOPLE JOINED THEM AND THE LOVE AND PEACE ERA , REVOLVED TO BIKERS , WEAPONS , THEFTS . THAT WAS NOT THE PLAN . TRYING TO KEEP UP EXSISTANCE , SOME PEOPLE DID NOT WANT TO STAY IN THE VALLEY . THEY BRANCHED OUT , BROUGHT OTHERS IN AND CHAOS EVOLVED .
 If for no other reason , this book is an important Manson readbecause of a startling revelation near the end . For readers who have read `` Helter Skelter '' or are familiar with the Tate murders on August 9 , 1969 ; a couple of things do n't add up . Severalwitnesses in the benedict canyon area of Los Angeles that night heard men shouting and arguing in the vicinity of 10500 Cielo Drive . It reportedly occurred between 3:00 and 4:00 a.m. . This would have been several hours after the murders , but long before the bodies were discovered around 8:30 a.m. . It was also known that in the course of this horrific crime , Sharon Tate never left the house once the killers arrived . She was murdered in the living room , having never made it outside . Her blood ; however , was found on the front porch . Police and criminal experts also reported that her body had been completely smeared with blood . As if the body had been handled by someone at the scene , not toolong after the murders.It is in this book that Manson proclaims that he and `` one or two others , '' went back to the crime scene that night . He said he wanted to `` see what my children had done . '' Manson even writes about what a risky operation that can be and that they were very cautious and unsettled by the whole experience . He refuses to name his accomplices , but goes into details about how he wiped down Steve Parent 's car for prints and tried to move Sharon Tate 's body . He also goes into sickening descriptions about what he wanted to do to her body in an effort to leave anan even more horrifying discovery . This would explain the blood discrepency , the appearanced of a handled body -LRB- Tate -RRB- , and the voices heard arguing from the residence.This is not to say that because Manson said this , it is true . It would however , explain alot about the case that Mr. Bugliosi did not really cover in his book , `` Helter Skelter . '' To add even more credibility to Manson 's story , Tex Watson has said recently that he believed Manson reurned to the scene of the murders after he and the girls had retired for the night at Spohn Ranch . Adding a very creepy twist if true , to an already monstrously evil event in the annals of crime .
 As a fan of true crime , Charles Manson has long been one of my favorite subjects . `` Helter Skelter '' is perhaps the best true crime book ever written . Having read the prosecuting attorney 's view of the events , I felt it would be interesting to read Manson 's version . Keeping in mind that Manson is neither honest nor completely sane , I was able to gain a lot of insight into who Charles Manson really is.The book contains admissions and other information that were not in `` Helter Skelter '' . This being considered , there are some serious flaws in the book . Manson 's lies are fairly obvious at times when he is contradicting the proven evidence that convicted him . One person can lie . But when several stories match up against that person , the lie falls apart.Perhaps the most eye-opening information in this book is in regard to Manson 's childhood . Manson details a brutal childhood in which he was neglected , abandon , and even traded for a pitcher of beer . Manson even details the times he was raped in the youth detention center . One has to be curious if these events really did create the leader of a muderous cult.While there is little doubt that Manson is a danger to society and guilty of heinous crimes , a disturbing public fascination persists more than 30 years later . The author , Nuel Emmons , makes the best observations in the conclusions . While we may never know the truth or the real Charles Manson , we can certainly gain some valuable insight by reading his own words .
 Manson tells this tale from prison to former prison-mate Nuel Emmons . He begins with his childhood and explains how he was abandoned by his mother and never knew his father . He winds up in juvenile facilites at a young age and thus begins his life of incarceration . His story moves on to his release in 1967 and how he adapts to the changes in the world while he was imprisoned . It is at this time that he begins to attract young women and forms what becomes known as the `` Manson Family . '' Finally , he concludes with his perspective of the murders that made him a household name.What is oddly compelling is that Manson has a tendency to make a lot of sense - that is until you reread a particular paragraph and think about the inherent flaws in his logic . But at first you will think , ok , I can understand why he broke the law there ... wait a minute !! It is a fascinating look into the criminal mind and largely explains why criminals will continue to break the law and rationalize their behavior away . Ultimately , the effect he had and continues to have over others is chilling . He admits to at least some role in the murders , and through this admission shows how much control he had over the women that did his bidding . How much of this is actually directly from Manson is debatable since he has discredited Emmons since publication . However , strangely compelling , this book is a direct window into the brain of a very dangerous individual .
 This book was written by an ex con and former friend/cellmate of Manson 's . It was written based on Manson 's account of the events of his life . The two talked behind bars and then the author would write Manson 's words down to the best of his ability . Manson did not write anything and a tape recorder was not permitted in prison so the ideas were Manson 's but the wording was the authors . That said the author does his best to use Manson 's wording whenever possible and tries to not veer off from Manson 's account of his life story.This book pieces together many loose ends in the Manson story . We learn of his troubled childhood and see the formation of antisocial personality disorder at a young age . Manson also finally admits that he did organize the murders of 9 people and actually expected more to be killed . The motive is still fuzzy . It was in part `` Helter Skelter '' , copy cat killing and robbery but mostly it was hatred . Hatred for his mother . Hatred for society and everyone in it that once neglected and mistreated a little boy from Ohio named Charles Miles Manson .
 I was somewhat reluctant to purchase this book because I did n't want to help glorify Manson in anyway . However , I found it irresistable not to know what Manson 's version was of those two nights of senseless slaughter in August , 1969 . I was shocked to learn that after 32 years , Manson continues to claim he did n't order the murders at all -- it was `` the girl 's idea '' , he simply `` went along with it '' . Incredible ! Poor ole Charlie , apparantly , HE was the one who was brainwashed!Manson does not disappoint ! He comes across as being just as crazy as most people imagine him to be . It 's really scary to hear him try to justify his actions . He takes no responsibility for anything and claims society made him what he is . He offers absolutely no remorse for the brutal murders and has no sympathy for the families of the victims.I gave this book a 4 star rating because I do believe Manson told the truth -- the truth as his sick , twisted mind believes the truth to be . This look into the mind of a monster is chilling , but almost as chilling is the fact that there are still people out there today who think he is some kind of hero and truly believe that what he and his `` family '' did on those two hot , summer nights in 1969 was `` cool '' .
 I would definetly suggest this book to everyone . I could n't put it down and Nuel Emmons is an excellent writer .
 This was an excellent book . A completely different story , however , to that which you will find in Helter Skelter . Which version you belive , is up to you but i would recommend reading both to get a fuller picture . If you want to be submerged in the feeling and freedom of the sixties and a good build up to , atleast Mansons version of , why these terrible murders happened read this book . Cross reference it with Helter Skelter for a more sober view of events and a totally different verdict of why the members of mansons ` group ' chose to murder .
 I have always been fascinated with the whole concept of the Manson Family , and this book gives a very frank insight into Charles Manson . I think the co-author -LRB- Nuel Emmons -RRB- did a good job of keeping Manson 's loony side in check , as the book is an easy read without the pointless rants common to videotaped interviews with Manson . To get a good idea of the Manson family , I would recommend that people read this book , `` Helter Skelter '' by Vincent Bugliosi , `` Sharon Tate and the Manson Murders '' by Greg King , and `` Would You Die For Me '' by Charles `` Tex '' Watson . I think the truth about Manson lies somewhere in the middle of these four books . The only criticism I have is that Manson tries to deflect much of the blame from himself .
 very interesting book . was one of those you do not want to put down . it gave a different perspective of the happenings of the manson family . however , one must keep in mind it was recorded from what charles manson believed happened . great book .
 This book was by far the best book that I have ever read in my life . After having read Helter Skelter and other books about Manson I was amazed at how different Manson 's view point was . It is so exciting to be able to get into the mind of Charles Manson and actually see his side of the story . Charles Manson is a very interesting person and this book really helps you to understand him .
 ... commercialized crimes in recent history . In His Own Words lets Manson shed the `` crazy '' suit and speak of his impressions of the curious events of his own life up to , and surrounding the remarkable murders . If you are interested in the humanity of an outsider , this book is for you ; but be aware , Charles Manson is represented in a much more intelligible fashion than in any other book currently in publication . One may actually see where the man is coming from . For better or for worse ...
 this book was a good source of learning about charles manson and what his childhood was like and how he devoleped into the man he now is . after reading this book i felt bad for him and had nothing to hold against him , his life was hard from the day he was born and if you look at his life in a psychologists point of view you can easily point out the warning signs he showed throughout his childhood and teen years . if you really despise this man i think you should read this book and then make your opinion on him .
 This book is a must when doing a follow-up of the Helter Skelter book . I read this one about a month after I read Helter Skelter , and was thankful I did . I brings some good insight into the workings of Manson 's mind and how in that mind he justified his actions .
 To the people who have not yet read Manson in his own words , I urge you to purchase a copy and to be prepared.I read this book years ago , and knowing of Charles Manson , what he had done and how , well after opening the book , I could not put it down . I mean literally , against my will , Manson capturing my mind through his words.An absolute bewildered and somewhat a Magickal book in it 's own rite , had me instantly coming of a vast likeness to him . A pure , evil genius having had attained a power so high of a different consciousness and level , using this power which can be attained by all , using it for death , evil.A man I think from memory spending all of his life in institutions had grown an hatred for mankind if you will.The Swaastika between his eyes symbolising power , tattooed on his forehead , displaying a self created genius of evil.A must read and a most uncanny at that .
 MANSON IN HIS OWN WORDS ALLOWS YOU THE READER TO SEE THINGS FROM MANSON 'S POINT OF VIEW . I WAS IMPRESSED HOW CHARLES MANSON DID NOT DOWN PLAY HIS ROLE IN ANY OF HIS HORRIBLE CRIMES . HE OWNED UP TO THEM AND REALISTICALLY POINTS OUT HOW HE WOULD HAVE BEEN MORE CONTENT SPENDING HIS LIFE BEHIND BARS . HE ALSO ALLOWS THE READERS TO SEE HOW THE OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS WERE IN FACT RESPONSIBILE FOR THEIR OWN ACTIONS . I 'VE READ MANY BOOKS ON THE SUBJECT OF THE MANSON FAMILY AND I MUST SAY THIS WAS DEFINETELY A WELCOME DIFFERENT POINT OF VIEW ON THE SUBJECT .
 Nuel Emmons is the author , so these are his words . He only translates into readable print what Charles Manson is trying to relate to us . I have no sympathy for Manson , being where he is , as he is a grown man and is responsible for his own actions . He can not blame his childhood for the mistakes he made as an adult.However , I do feel sorry for Charles Manson , the child . Growing up , he was totally confused , and I do have sympathy for him at that stage of his life . However , anyone with even a SHRED of common sense , knows you can not think like the adult Manson and get away with it for long .
 Manson shows it power and raps about his feelings over what really happend in 1969 . In my opionion this book was chilling and addicting . If you want to witness the true power of manson and is words , read this book
 Mike Connors was in the wrong place at the wrong time and now he is talking to Blue . Blue has something special to share with Mike , Blue is a serial kiler who is stalking the people of the small town where Mike lives . Blue wants to shre his thoughts and feelings with Mike , but Mike does n't want to know . Mike is also making Blue angry - something that he really does n't want to do . This gripping book will keep you glued to your seat from the opening scene to the spine tingling twist at the end of the story . An intense read that will leave you thinking long after you have turned the last page and closed the book .
 This is another intriguing Guideposts collection of true stories of how God has worked miraculously and often in uncommon ways in the daily lives of ordinary people . I found the stories inspiring and encouraging as they reveal how God takes an active part in the lives of His people . I highly recommend this book for the mature Christian or the unbeliever .
 Empire From the Ashes -LRB- 2003 -RRB- is an omnibus edition of the Dahak series . It contains Mutineers ' Moon , The Armageddon Inheritance , and Heirs of Empire . These novels are among Weber 's earliest works.Before Honor Harrington there was Commander Colin Maclntyre , USN . On a routine training mission to the moon , he discovered that the Moon was n't a natural body , but rather a 3000 kilometer diameter warship , the Dahak . Moreover , the artificial intelligence that guided the ship had been waiting patiently -- 51,000 years -- for a crew , so it immediately impressed Colin as its commander.In Mutineers ' Moon , Colin has to fight the original mutiny as well as human terrorists and fanatics . Moreover , there were the long lost empire itself.In The Armageddon Inheritance , Colin must fight against an invasion of genocidal aliens , the Achuultani . These aliens periodically swarm through the galaxy exterminating all other races . Earth ca n't resist them , so Colin searches the long lost empire for assistance.In Heirs of Empire , Colin 's children are shipwrecked during their midshipman cruise on a primitive planet , where they face an implacable theocracy that wants them dead . Meanwhile , back in the capital , an unknown enemy is threatening the empire.These novels are space opera , of the `` find a starship and see the galaxy '' variety , with simple plots but lots of action . The scope of these novels is much like the Lensman series , huge fleets fighting in space , but without the colliding planets . Moreover , the technology is more generic and less detailed than in the Honor Harrington series.Recommended for Weber fans and anyone who enjoys largescale space opera .
 `` Mutineer 's Moon '' was one of Dave 's earliest books -LRB- i here insert my usual disclaimer that i am his brother -RRB- , and one of his better premises . -LRB- `` Path of the Fury '' -LRB- q.v. -RRB- , from the same period , is , i think a better book , but `` Moon '' is excellent . -RRB- We grew up on a diet of classic SF that has certainly shaped David 's writing -- perticularly , in reading this book , i am reminded that we had access to the complete works of Edward E. -LRB- `` Doc '' -RRB- Smith . `` Doc '' would begin with a relatively basic premise -LRB- Dick Seaton discovers a way to produce all sorts of energy from ordinary copper ; the Arisians and the Eddoreans work to thwart each other in shaping the Universe -RRB- , and then , from book to book , both the super-scientific wonders and the stakes would grow and grow . It is in the `` Dahak '' books that this influence on David most clearly shows , with entire moons used as weapons , ships the size of small planets , huge orbiting space defence fortresses , entire mountains resculpted to provide weapons mounts and weapons so powerful that a single bomb can destroy an entire worldDavid 's opening premise here , that the Earth 's Moon ... is n't , so to speak , is grandiose enough , and would serve as the basis for an excellent novel without much added material ... but it 's just the beginning.From the moment when astronaut Colin MacIntyre 's spacecraft is snatched over Luna 's Farsideby `` impossible '' means and he is conveyed into what appears to be a huge complex of caverns inside the Moon , the action begins accelerating and does n't stop , as we learn that much of what we `` know '' of our world , our ancestors and our history is either false or the result of the conflicts of hidden forces of which we know nothing.And then we discover that those forces are merely the result of panic reactions to the REAL coming menace . And the race is on.As in Smith , the stakes and the action constantly escalate ; at one point the entire Earth is essentially one huge incredibly-armed fortress , energised by a powersource which may well break its controls and ravage the planet almost as badly as the attackers whose coming has necessitated it.At the same time that Colin and his cohorts are fighting off the menace of the Achu'ultan , they are struggling to rebuild a huge stellar Empire which apprantly perished mysteriously , leaving hardware and technology behind , but no living worlds.Much of David 's strength as a writer lies in the sweeping concepts of his works ; a lot also is the fact that his characters -LRB- while not necessarily `` real '' -RRB- are fun to know , and do it is here -- particularly the character of Dahak , the computer controlling the huge warship of the same name who , over many thousands of years , has gradually become self-aware , and is definitely a `` character '' . Book One -- `` Mutineers ' Moon '' -- chronicles Dahak and Colin 's first meeting , as a result of which Colin finds himself in command of the huge ship and -LRB- nominally -RRB- Imperial Governor of Earth -LRB- which , of course , has no inkling that the Empire exists , much less than an Imperial Governor has just been appointed -RRB- . Warned of the menace of the oncoming Achu'ultanii , Colin has to organise Earth 's defence -- but first he has to defeat the leaders of the ancient mutiny that sets the whole story in motion . `` The Armegeddon Inheritance '' is the story of Colin 's further adventures and of the beginnings of the rebuilding of the ancient Imperium , as Colin accidentally grants himself a rather large promotion . `` Heirs of Empire '' jumps tenty or so years forward from the end of `` Inheritance '' , to a time when Colin and Jiltanith 's son and daughter and a couple of their friends suddenly find themselves stranded on a backward world where change or advance is literally heresy -- burn-at-the-stake type heresy -- and where the enclave of Imperial Technology they need to reach to get themselves rescued is the Sanctum Sanctorum of the oppressive religion.Meanwhile , back on Earth and Birhat , a truly nasty plot is going forth , which Colin and friends have to discover and thwart , with the aid of some of the more endearing enhanced dogs written in a while . -LRB- Tinkerbell , the Labraweiler -- or is that Rottador -- who is the mother of the first of the superdogs , seems to be based on a huge lovely and loving dog of David 's . -RRB- Now if he 'd just write a fourth or even a fifth ...
 This book is defintely worth the read ! BUT ... this is not a new volume in the series -LRB- as I expected -RRB- , rather all three books compiled in one volume . Come on Mr. Weber ! Give us a new novel set in the Empire universe !
 Finally I can get rid of my worn out paperbacks !! This book contains Mutineers ' Moon , The Armageddon Inheritance , and Heirs of Empire ! Not only are these three orignal books now in one large nice hardcover some of David Weber 's very best writting , they are in one book ! These are the stories -LRB- these 3 books -RRB- that got me hooked on David Weber and his writing style . For those of you who many not have read any of his works , Weber 's writing is full of details , but the action and adventure never stop . The detail rich storylines provide that you 'll never be bored ! You 'll always understand what he is talking about -LRB- you wo n't have to figure it what he 's trying to tell you -RRB- , he explains the technology of his story lines in crips clean sentances that while are n't baby talk do n't make you look around for a dictionary for scientists !! Before I ever read a single Honor Herrington , I read Mutineers ' Moon , The Armageddon Inheritance , and Heirs of Empire , now available in this one book !!!
 This is space sci-fi at its best ! I feel myself lucky to have read all 3 continuously and it has cost me some lost sleep . Mutineers ' Moon was great-imagine our moon which turned out to be a planetoid spaceship ! The second book , Armageddon Inheritance is the best - an amazing alien enemy , heroism , amazing space battles and of couse my favorite character Dakar who was the ultimate hero . Heirs of Empire is good too but I felt let down by the ending which seems rushed - the adventures of Sean and Company was top entertainment until the abrupt conclusion . Yes we know they were fine towards the end of the book but they deserved a longer story ! Finally when is the 4th book ? Surely this is not the end for Dakar and his human and alien friends !
 I had all 3 of these novels in paper back and have worn the covers off them from rereading them , so was glad to see them in one hardback . I have probably read these books 50 or more times over the years , they are great when your favorite writers have nothing coming out , it 's 7:00 PM and nothing on the tube , so dig this out , and curl up with an old friend . The war fighting scenes are believable , the leadership tactics make sense , the story line is entertaining . Of course , some of the countries of earth are changing compared to their behavior in the book , but that is the result of this book being several years old . In a general description , this is space opera . I only wish Weber would write more stories about Colin Sean MacIntire and his family and friends . The story line clearly allows expansion , and I am surprized that other writers have not jumped in with some stories about this Empire , such as the survey ships looking for other lost worlds and their experiences . I recommend this book !
 This is a great series . The first two books in the series , `` Mutineer 's Moon '' and `` The Armageddon Inheritance '' are pure Science Fiction . I wo n't attempt to compete with the review the author 's own brother posted below on March 26 , 2003 . The third book , `` Heirs of Empire '' has a different style . It reminds me of Star Trek , where Capt. Kirk is flying through outer space in his futuristic space ship , when suddenly he beams down to a planet that 's the Roman Empire , or the Wild West , or Nazi Germany . And guess what ? His phaser does n't work and the Enterprise had to leave orbit because of some nasty Klingons . He has to rely on his wits to survive.This book is just like that and I love it . The teenage children of the hero from the first two books , get marooned on a more primitive planet . It 's sort of a cross between the American Civil War and the European Middle ages . They ca n't use their futuristic weapons , and have to rely on their wits to survive and go home . There 's still the Science Fiction David Webber is known for , since the story keeps flashing back to Dad and an evil plot back on Earth to overthrow the Empire . But it 's the story of the kids fighting their way across a world , that makes this story for me.I would have given this 5 stars except for the ending . I really do n't know what the author was trying to do there , but I think he was trying to be creative . I 've read quite a few of his many other books , so I know he knows how to end a book correctly . He just chose not to do it with this one . I think he was just trying to be different for the fun of it . I did n't like it . Do n't do it again David .
 The title of this review says it all . This book is a combined reprint of his 3 earlier books
 The trilogy of Dahak , the lunar sized warship with its own intelligence , allied to astronaut Colin McIntyre to defeat the Achu'Ultan is an EXCELLENT story , one of David Weber 's best.Producing an omnibus version is a good idea BUTa better idea would be Volume Four in the series !
 I have read all three books individually and now the compendium . All I can think of is a line from Oliver Twist ... `` more , please . `` Dahak and Colin I are among the best heroes on the market .
 David Weber 's EMPIRE FROM THE ASHES is also a winner , providing a fun story of a naval Lieutenant whose simple mission to test a new survey instrument leads to some zany , impossible scenarios - such as the Moon 's vanishing and the alien starship which pretends it 's the Moon in its place . The mystery deepens in a series of ironic , strange events ranging from history changes to the impossible . Can he return the Earth to its former stable state ?
 I 've been reading SciFi/Fantasy for 50 + years and have thousands of books in my library . Over the years , I 've encountered many good authors and a handful of outstanding ones who rise head and shoulders above the rest of the pack . David Weber falls into this latter category . There were moments that I felt as though I had an inkling of what God underwent in the creation of the universe for Weber , with surprising depth considering he took vastly fewer paint strokes , creates a believable and vivid universe of his own . Although he paints with a broad brush , he does so with surprising clarity . Exciting . Riveting . Spell binding . These are but a few of the words that apply to this book .
 I first read this book having checked it out from the library . Every now and then I read one so good , I have to have it for myself . This was one of those ... I intend to read it again and again as time passes . The book was in excellent condition and with the discount price plus shipping I paid $ 5 for a $ 15 book .
 If you are looking for sci-fi that deals with important , redeeming issues then keep moving . The 3 novels that comprise this series are pure space opera . That being said , the characters are engaging and sympathetic . I never dreamed that one of my favorite characters in a novel would actually be the Moon!My only complaint is that the story feels incomplete . I 've been waiting for a 4th book that I fear will never arrive .
 Like many if not all the other reviewers , I 'm also a WEBER fan , and nearly die hard at that . I read all 3 of the MUTINEERS MOON series , and loved them all . Dahak and Colin are among my favoritec characters Weber has created . Dahak though MUST rank my favorite above all others.I was planning to get this book , but since it seems to just be a compilation of the previous 3 and not a real continuation , I think I will hold onto my money .
 The first Weber book I ever read was Mutineer 's Moon . I loved his two follow-up books just as much as the first . I have n't bought this book yet but I 'll definitly own it shortly . To any space opera fan out there , to not have this book in your library would be a tragedy !
 A word about the books . Deals with the actions and thoughts of a character that suddenly finds himself responsible for saving his world . A good read in that it has a good hook in the begining and then keeps your interest throughout the series . If you are already a Weber fan , it is on par with his other writing . If this is your first time reading a Weber book , be prepared to pull an all-nighter . He 's that good . You will want to try his other books . Read `` Path of the Fury '' next.For those who are already aquainted with Dahak : This NOT a new book in this series!I bought this thinking that it was a new Dahak book . It is a book that is a compilation of several others.However it is nice to have all three of these in one hardcover . All three of my paperbacks are getting a bit worn . If you are in the same situation then this book is for you .
 I agree with the other reviewers.I thought this was a great series - when I read all three volumes years ago . I was really excited in December to see the new title thinking it was the fourth volume in the series ! I was certainly surprised and disappointed to get -LRB- a -RRB- hardback reprint . Come on Mr. Weber - I want to see the fourth volume in this series , not a repeat . The very least you can do is identify it as a reprint ! However , the bottom line ? If you never read the series it is definitely worth the read ; otherwise save your money .
 Colin MacIntyre is an astronaut , testing out some new equipment . What he finds is going to change a lot more than the world -- if he can live long enough to manage it!This is an omnibus edition of `` Mutineer 's Moon '' , `` The Armageddon Inheritance '' , and `` Heirs of Empire '' by David Weber . These books are definitely up to Mr. Weber 's usual high standards . If you do n't already own the series -LRB- or if your old copy is falling apart from the re-reads you just ca n't keep away from -RRB- , buy this book now !
 Empire From the Ashes tells a great story . This reprint worth buying if you do n't already own the three paperback versions . Where 's the fourth book ? I 've put it on my list of Weber books worth waiting for .
 Excellent newer release -LRB- 2003 -RRB- from Baen , but do n't be fooled - this is the three book Dahak series released under a new title . It includes
 I have read all three of the David Weber books put together in this trilogy the first two are some of the best Weber books around -LRB- I have also read all his other books and continue to buy them as they come out -RRB- my only complaint is the last novel in this series -LRB- heir to empire -RRB- feels incomplete the ending seemed to be rushed -LRB- publisher deadline perhaps ? -RRB- As a great fan of David Weber and all his works , I was disapointed . I feel that heir to empire should have had at least a couple hundred more pages to tie it all together .
 I found the entire story line from book one to book three full of intense action . Such as Collins discoverary that humans are not from earth but decended from the crew of Dalik . IN two i found the battles between the Humans of earth and the evil aliens to pretty well detailed and to find out that this whole genecide campaign is the result of warped and twisted computer makes it more exciting . IN three i thought the action that took place on the world where the royal heirs and their friends end up and trying to advacen their own cause plus that of the locals very informative . In my opinion David Weber wrote a good series but needs to add on to such as if Collins daughter and priest get wed , his son stays acting governer on the tempary home , if the big bad computer sends out masses of ships for pay back and so on .
 Mutineer 's Moon
 Excellent book - the omnibus volume of the three Dahak novels , they are an excellent read - good character development , sweeping plot lines , and a real sense of forward movement to the stories .
 Read it over and over , again and again . Wish I had more David Weber books . X X X X X
 I 've been reading SF for just over 65 years . My SF library runs to 1800 volumes . While Empire From the Ashes may have been one of Weber 's early works , it simply sparkles with imagination . If you do n't enjoy it , find another genre to read . He has grown greatly in the conversations between characters -LRB- in Safehold , they are amazingly good -RRB- , but they are just fine in the Dahak trio . I have recently finished reading Asamov 's Foundation pentology -LRB- including the Robot inclusions -RRB- and six of Heinlein 's best . Neither of them can touch Weber 's attention to detail , and INTELLIGENT conversations between characters who are at the top of Safehold 's heirarchy and therefore intelligent . The monologues are so good they can bring an unexpected lump in the throat . If all you want is car-chase type reading , you may skip pages , but if you want a brilliant read from a great SF writer , Weber is your guy .
 It was a pretty good Sci Fi book . When taken as a series , there are some great twists and turns . I liked the bio-enhancements that the characters get . The concept is very interesting to think about . There is a theory on how the human race came to earth , as well as a war going on in space unknown to those on earth . I think that any Sci Fi fan will enjoy reading this story .
 This is one of Weber 's earlier books , and still one of his most enjoyable . It is a complete trilogy -LRB- wish he would write more -RRB- and one leads to another as any good trilogy should . Good space opera . And Weber is a master of writing emotional scenes that just emphasize how good the good guy is . I must have read these books at least three times over the years . Probably will read them again . All I can say is enjoy . I did
 One of the Best Books for an introduction to Sci/fi writing . When I first read this book years ago I said that to a friend of mine , and it still holds true today . One of the very few books i will read over again every year or two . Thankfully its just as good then as well . If you want an enjoyable read , that leaves you smiling at the end this is it .
 I really enjoyed this book . I spent quite a few nights staying up too late not able to stop reading . Reminds me of John Ringo with less humor perhaps but still as much action . I highly recommended this to anyone who enjoys science fiction .
 This is a compedium of three of Weber 's early books . I liked them well enough to buy this to replace my paperbacks which were falling apart . One of my all time favorites and part of my permanent library .
 I really do n't know.Just finished re-reading it again , and still cried in parts , and was still left with a broad smile at the very end . -LRB- Like other readers , my paperback versions no longer have covers , and even this hardback is getting beaten up -RRB- The only disappointing part is that he is n't still writing in this universe.I asked him about it when I saw him at a convention in Denver a few years ago , and he said that this universe was pretty tied up at a good stopping point , and that he has so many other projects that he is less likely to go back to it . -LRB- I 'm paraphasing -RRB- . That is truly disappointing , because although I love most of his other books -LRB- I stopped reading Honor at about 12 -RRB- , this is his best work.Oh well ... I only have to wait 5 more months for the next Merlin book .
 When Colin MacIntyre passes the dark side of the moon while doing a ground scanning test for scientists on earth the last thing he expects is find out that the moon his hollow and then he gets dragged into it by a tractor beam . Colin is about to find out that what he thought he knew about earth 's history is completely wrong , and that the events that took place on the moon 50,000 years ago still can affect everyone on earth today when he meets Dahak the self aware computer who runs `` the moon '' and discovers a threat that could destroy all life on earth.This book consists of three novels
 Mr. Weber certainly churns out a lot of books , but this volume -LRB- contains three sequential novels -RRB- grabbed me with its ideas and grand scale . Although a little shaky in a few items of science -LRB- how do you put a spaceship into a geosynchronous orbit over Buenos Aires , or maybe it was Rio ? -RRB- -LRB- with the `` technology '' in the book it would be easy , but it would have to be a powered orbit -RRB- -LRB- I tend to quibble -RRB- these novels are a fine read . Calling this `` Space Opry '' may sound like a complaint , but it is truly an accolade . The comparison to an updated `` Doc '' Smith epic is apt , and also a complement . As an aside I would praise `` Doc '' for foreseeing the singularity -LRB- or Black Hole -RRB- -LRB- he called it a `` black sun '' -RRB- in his 1929 novel , `` The Skylark of Space '' . Mr. Weber may not be so prescient , but his ideas and their exposition are great fun . Do n't miss these novels , conveniently packaged in one volume .
 While I could n't put it down - I feel like I just finished a LONG outline . Great concepts throughout , makes me want to get out the telescope and look at the moon again and say `` what if '' . Weber 's style reminds me of WEB Griffin or Beowulf - each chapter peeking in on an hour in the action , spread over months or years , villains or heros dispatched with alacrity and gore . This could have been a framework for a whole series of books in the hands of another author , perhaps delving deeper into the characters and the worlds . But I certainly appreciate the classic scifi visions .
 As some others have pointed out , this is NOT actually a new novel ; it 's a re-release omnibus of three older Weber books
 Did n't realize that this is the compilation of the whole three book series . It 's a good read and all the books are right there .
 Empire From the Ashes is the complete Dahak series in one book , produced during Weber 's early writing career.Mutineer 's Moon -LRB- Dahak Series -RRB- p 1 -203 *** 1/2The Armageddon Inheritancep 205 - 423 **** Heirs of Empire -LRB- Dahak Series -RRB- p 425 - 774 ** The first novel is about an astronaut who discovers the moon is a sentient computer leftover from an alien civilization of immense technology sophistication , and must defeat the remnants of the crew who mutinied , who are essentially responsible for the human race being on Earth.The second book is my favorite , as Colin and Dahak must repel an alien invasion which wants to destroy humanity . Grand space battles with high technology and heroism.The third novel drags out , and is basically a bad novella that reveals the villain 's plans -LRB- Mr. X storyline is one star -RRB- stacked ontop a mediocre planetary expedition -LRB- *** -RRB- . -LRB- Later Weber would redo the ` stranded planetary empire 's heir ' idea right withMarch Upcountryand sequels . -RRB- Scenes are constantly cut off at the good parts , giving the reader a feeling Weber had to hit a deadline and slapped everything together . Basically the third novel is fragmented and slapdash , but you do see more of the characters from the first books.Overall , I liked the first couple enough to say I liked the collection . It 's a good deal despite a lackluster book three , especially if you ignore/skim the Mr. X content .
 This is an omnibus of three novels covering the Dahak novels by David Weber . I knew nothing about Weber , but thought three novels for one price was a bargain , so I gave it a try . I am incredibly happy I did so.Although the three novels cover the same universe , they are immensely different in flavor , yielding a wonderful reading experience , because the novels in no way feel repetitive.In this universe , Earth becomes aware that it is part of a much larger galactic empire and that the empire is threatened by an implacable enemy bent on destroying all life . The first novel opens this grand stage , yet still tells an interesting story . The second novel deals with the implacable enemy and ends with incredible twists and thought-provoking ideas . The third novel , which I enjoyed the most , resurrects the threat from the first novel and intertwines its story with an incredibly interesting war story on a feudal planet.There is no fizzling of captivation with these novels . In fact , they get better and better . The one gripe I have is that the third novel ends so well and with such promise that I wanted a fourth novel to continue my journey through this wonderful universe.This book is a great collection of space opera .
 Jean Doresse 's book was originally published in 1958 as the first authoritative description of the now famous cache of Egyptian Gnostic writings known as the Nag-Hammadi Library or , as Doresse calls it , the Chenoboskion Library . Despite the forty plus years since publication , a more readable and thorough introduction to the material is not to be found.Until the Nag-Hammadi discovery , the Gnostics were thought to be no more than a heretical splinter group of early Christianity with particularly bizarre cosmologies and licentious sexual practices . Hardly surprising given that most of what we knew about the various sects of Gnostics came from their rivals , the Christians . Doresse thoroughly reviews what was known of Gnosticism before these writings of theirs were unearthed . As one of the original discoverers of these texts , his first person account of their unearthing , acquisition , and identification is quite engaging . A physical description of the books then is given . Finally he launches into a discussion of the texts themselves , and what they reveal to us of Gnostic belief and practice.Doresse 's excitement over these discoveries is palpable and renders the book lively and engaging to read where it easily could have been dry and academic . He outlines and discusses each of the texts with evident joy and wonder at now having so many ancient writings previously known only by title , if at all , and long thought to be lost . Part of his astonishment is due to the broad range of sources the Gnostics relied on . The library includes , Hermetic , Egyptian -LRB- of course -RRB- , and Persian -LRB- Zoroastrian -RRB- material as well as a great deal of the expected , but previously lost apocryphal Christian material with Hebrew influence . This leads Doresse to wonder whether much of what we call Gnosticism is older than Christianity , perhaps being a component of the `` soil '' of ancient belief into which the seed of Christianity was planted . This would also explain some of the more obscure , Gnostic sounding passages of the New Testament that Doresse points out.Some of the Nag-Hammadi writings were previously known to scholars , although no one expected that these texts would show up in a Gnostic collection . It was also a surprise to find adaptations of earlier known works selectively edited for Gnostic use , renamed , and attributed to authors with more authority . This practice does make it difficult to take at face value the Library 's apparently Christian works attributed to the Apostles and even Jesus . At the same time , it also makes me wonder how much of the same thing went on when the `` official '' New Testament was put into its final form . Some things we may never know!This is a book * about * the Nag-Hammadi Library , not - with one exception - a translation of the Library itself . It might be useful to keep a copy of the library at hand while reading the book . -LRB- The Library is available on line . -RRB- The single text from the Library included in this book is the sayings of Jesus titled the `` Gospel of Thomas '' , which is accompanied by a table comparing each saying from `` Thomas '' with the sayings from the canonical Gospels -LRB- Matthew , Mark , Luke & John -RRB- . I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in understanding the religious milieu of the early Christian era .
 The secret words of Jesus , as spoken to his disciples , are fascinating in that the ideals and parabels of Christ are given an enhanced meaning . Christ teaches that spiritual knowledge is gained through prayer , meditation , and of course faith . For Gnostics , faith is just the beginning , whereas for `` traditional '' Christians , faith in Jesus is the end . The Gnostics also accepted the spiritual equality of women and many were early leaders of congregations . This , to the orthodox , is heresy ! Yes Gnosticism is poison to the Vulgate -LRB- all works accepted as legitimate by the Catholics -RRB- , but a necessary poison . This is an eye opening book , and is heartily recommended to anyone who seeks not to limit their spiritual knowledge .
 This is possibly the best book on Gnosticism out there , along with Gnosis by Kurt Rudolph . But it should be made clear that this author was a Christian and was not trying to undermine Christianity or present any alternative form of it . He did not believe in the spiritual authority of the Gnostic scriptures ; he was simply presenting them as what they are - an incredible scholarly find.As already stated in another review , Doresse 's enthusiasm makes this book an enjoyable read . With the yearly on-slaught of books being written to deride Christianity and claim the superiority of Gnosticism , this is a book written by someone who was instrumental in the first study of the Nag Hammadi library , who can appreciate the value of the writings with no ulterior motives behind his interest.There is also no polemic against Gnosticism . He makes it plain that there are a lot of Gnostic ideas to be found in the New Testament . This author goes far to show his objectivity and allows the reader to see the beauty of these writings with no anti-Christian diatribes . If only more authors writing on this subject would do the same .
 Doresse 's Exploration of Gnostic Wonders : A masterful entery to Gnosticism ; Doresse 's book was the first insider 's authoritative description of the Egyptian Gnostic writings known as the Chenoboskion Library , discovered near today 's Nag-Hammadi , in upper Egypt . This is , no doubt , the best book on rediscovering the roots of Gnosticism in Chenoboskion . Doresse 's enthusiasm makes this book an enjoyable reading , even with all the complicated Gnostic thought and philosophical terms . He studied with Togo Mina , a Coptic scholar , then director of the Coptic Museum , under Prof. Pueuch , and was one of the first few with whom Mina consulted . Doresse got the finesse to lead the reader to appreciate the beauty of these writings , explaining their underlying thought clearly , and without bias.Despite the forty five years since its publication , its masterful introduction to Gnosticism and elaborate account of the discovery , and re-acquiring of the smuggled codices keeps it still very vivid . A detailed description of the codices is given , before he starts a discussion of the texts themselves , and what they reveal to him of Gnostic belief and practice , with a special emphasis on the Gospel of Thomas.Previously known to scholars?Before unearthing Chenoboskion library , almost all existing original references on Gnosticism were written in Coptic ; including the Askew codex , the Bruce fragments , codex Berolensis that no one knows where did it disappear after the fall of Berlin . These gnostic writings were previously known to scholars , but no one would have expected that such a Gnostic collection , could show up in this great variety . Doresse 's personal experience , and excitement over his early participation in these discoveries renders the book brisk and engaging , even if the subject could have been academic and monotonous . Given that most of what we knew about the various sects of Gnostics came from the surviving writings by early Christians Church fathers like Iraeneus , Tertulian , Clement and Origen , the core reality of gnosticism was not distorted but only partly understood , in the light of these apologies . Doresse thoroughly reviews what was known of Gnosticism before these writings were recently unearthed.Doresse analysis of Chenoboskion Marvels : Outlining and discussing those texts previously known in ancient writings , only by title or through brief quotations from writings that has been long thought to be lost , is part of his amazement . He is overwelmed due to the broad spectrum of sources the Gnostics relied on . The library includes , Hermetic Egyptian and Persian manuals as well as a great part of vaguely known but long time lost apocryphal Christian writings and Apocalyptic books . This leads Doresse to confirm his mentor Professor Pueuch theory of Judaic roots of Gnosticism , and would also explain how some scholars comment on the ` more Gnostic sounding passages ' of the New Testament.It was also an amusing surprise to find adaptations of earlier known works selectively edited for Gnostic use , renamed , and ascribed to more authorititive writers . This practice does make it difficult to take at face value the Library 's outstanding pseudo-Christian works attributed to the Evangelists , Apostles , and even Jesus Christ Himself . At the same time , it also makes some scholars wonder if any of the same sayings infelterated into Christian doctrines or even included within the canonical books of the New Testament in its final form . -LRB- authorized by St Athanasius in his paschal letter of 367 -RRB- . Secret Words of Jesus : The words of Jesus , secretly revealed to his disciples , his teachings given an enhanced meaning are fascinating in that these ideals are so poetic . No doubt , that the Gnostics adapted some Eastern Church teachings , including descent into Hades , Christ teaches that spiritual knowledge is gained speculatively through meditation on Gnostic scripture , a merit of the few , through a knowing faith , and contemplative prayer . For Gnostics , faith is just the beginning , following the lead of Easterners , whereas for some western Christians , faith in Jesus is their only forensic justification goal.Epilogue
 The Gnostic Christians contrasted the early Catholic Christians in that Jesus 's teachings are explained to be relating to the innate human soul , and not the animal body . Jesus said `` If you bring forth what is within you , what is within you will save you . If you do not bring forth what is within you , what is within you will destroy you '' . Christ 's teachings show that faith is just the beginning of his doctrine , not the end as many orthodox theologians would have us believe . Faith is a necessary precursor to gaining `` gnosis '' . Gnosis is essentially an understanding of the `` true '' words of Jesus and the application of His way in your personal life . In Genesis , Adam and Eve are prevented by God from consuming fruit from the tree of life . Gnosis of and through Jesus represents a spiritual consumption of that fruit ! Also , Gnostics in general were nondiscriminatory in regards to women , and many were early church leaders . This is an excellent book !
 This is a complicated book which requires very careful readingfor enthusiasts of gnosticism . The concept has its meaning inthe beginnings of faith . The Coddians , Stratiotici and thePhibiomites all have a connection to the same family of gnostics.The creation of Adam is seen as a myth with the sacrament ofBaptism as the first initial introduction into faith . TheCast of Demiurageiao ' is depicted pictorially . Gnosticsbelieve in opposites between the created world and G-d . The Savior discloses man 's utter depravity . Manuscripts in theSahidic dialect are depicted , as well as writings from theBook of John , Great Spirit , Sophia of Jesus and Dialogues of theSavior . Manuscripts of Chenoboskian and the Gospel of Truthare described in detail as vouchsavers of the Gnosticism.Gnosticism is definable from power incursions of the Iranianmyths into Jewish mysticism nourished by Greek and Chaldeanphilosophies . This work is deep in its implications andintegration of various philosophies into classic gnosticism.It is perfect for world historians and theologists with aparticular interest in Gnosticism .
 THE SECRET BOOKS OF THE EGYPTIAN GNOSTICS by Jean Doresse is another great scholarly work free from `` New Age '' claptrap & commercialist distortion . The book is particularly relevant as French author Doresse was literally one of the first Westerners to actually see the original Nag Hammadi texts discovered in 1947 . Although Doresse is a Christian proponent with a thinly veiled hostility to Gnostic tradition , he provides a wealth of reference material and , like Kurt Rudolph , indicates a possible interaction with Gnostic beliefs and Paganism -- particularly in Alexandria , the motherland of Gnostic Paganism . This book is a MUST READ for any serious student of the origins and practices of Gnostic Philosophy.Gospel of Judas and Other Gnostic Secrets Revealed
 The quality of the reproductions in this book alone is worth the price tag . The fact that this book is in English -LRB- much of the material on this subject is not -RRB- makes it a valuable resource as well . Mireille Mentre is one of the leading students of Spanish medieval manuscripts , and this book surveys the most important pre-Romanesque -LRB- mozarabic -RRB- examples . This is a somewhat conventional art-historical analysis , as Mentre traces the development of the mozarabic style through numerous examples . The chapters are as follows :1 . Context and characteristics of mozarabic painting2 . Foundations and development of a distinctive style3 . The role and function of painting and illumination4 . Design and pictorial treatment5 . Painting and spiritualityThere are also appendices listing principal mozarabic manuscripts and dated manuscripts , as well as an extensive bibliography about the subject .
 This is the book to start your adventures in Medieval Spanish illumination . This looks at the influences of Christian , Jewish , and Islamic art - the fact that the majority of the plates are in color can only add to the value of the very reasonable price.Highly recommended for anyone engaged in reproduction of this style of art . Beautiful rendition of the colors of the original MSS .
 The fantastic pictures of the manuscripts alone are worth the pricetag on this book . But do n't buy it for that reason alone . Mireille Mentre has managed to strike an impressive balance between descriptive text , academic discussion , and outstanding photography . While the organization of the book as a whole suffers slightly from what appears to be the publication of parts of an excellent doctoral dissertation , anyone interested in the history of medieval Spanish illumination -LRB- especially members of organizations like the Society for Creative Anachronism -RRB- would do well to add this text to their library .
 If you are researching illumination of Spanish Codex and manuscripts this is the book to have . There are only two books written in English that cover this unique style ; the other book on Spanish medieval illumination is : Early Spanish Manuscript Illumination . The quantity and quality of the pictures in `` The Illuminated Manuscripts ... '' make the price worth it . Spanish 10-11th century illumination is quite separate and unique from the rest of Europe using lively imagery , repeating patterns and vivid color combinations . This book captures the spirit of Spanish medieval artwork and shows the world the finest examples of this form .
 This is the same book as `` the Logical Magician '' . Other than that , see under that title for the reviews . I agree absolutely with them . First Class stuff .
 This used book was exactly as advertised . I particularly wanted an original print edition because many years ago , while stationed at Fort Rucker , AL , I read this book in preparation for a speech on the subject and found , in the process , that I needed Jesus Christ as my personal Lord and Savior , and to go to graduate school to become a free market economist . As a result , I have been a devout Christian and economics professor ever since . I have just bought two original copies like this from Amazon vendors in order to leave them , along with a personal introduction , to my grandchildren so they can come to find out how their grandfather 's faith enabled him to weather so many vicissitudes in life .
 Sadly this little gem of a book , well written and a good and real story of boy coming of age during the Russian Revolution , is out of print . Admittedly , it makes a difference when the subject of the story is your own grandfather , but being a writer myself ... I appreciate it on a literary level as well . If you can find it , read it . You will be pleasantly surprised .
 Coming from both a physician and a pilot , I thought the book portrayed both endeavors very well . Moreover , as someone who just enjoys reading , I thought it was unbeatable . The book was full of adventure and great descriptions of exciting -LRB- and true -RRB- events . The writing style fit the topic and was pleasantly easy to read . Like the last reviewer , I have shared the book with several friends , all of whom have similarly enjoyed it . I , however , have always gotten my copy back , because it was autographed -LRB- just came that way from Amazon -RRB- . Good for all ages young adult and above . Probably a nice gift for someone who enjoys adventure , or who just needs something fun to read over a short vacation . Five stars here .
 I rated this book very high in regards to it 's spirit of adventure . I found the book at a grocery store in Seward , Alaska while on a road trip with my wife . I have given the book to several people now , who also enjoyed it greatly and I have now lost track of it . I was so happy to find it here again at Amazon . Enough of me , now what about the book . Briefly , it is about a doctor who likes to fly and decides to take-on a job in the 1950 's in the Anchorage area of Alaska . He decides to stay for the people and the opportunity for adventure - flying , trophy hunting and as a medical aid to the native people . The different flying adventures are so unique and spellbinding that it 's hard to put this book down .
 The photos of the book are breathtaking and the book gives a good overview of Celtic art spanning the Celtic period . However the reader should bear in mind that the book is not comprehensive . Books available in German such as the Praehistorische Bronzefunde series give one a glimpse as to how wildly creative the Celts were especially in all of the art in general of Hallstatt period and of the variety of of styles found on fibula in the La Tene period . I highly recommend one with a serious interest in Celtic art to continue to search for more source material in addition to this book . However if one were to own one book as an overview of Celtic art I would recommend this book as one of the books to have .
 As a Celtic artist I 'm always on the search for books speficially on Celtic art , not just the Celtic people in general . This book by the Megaw 's is the best I 've found yet , giving lots of impartial information without romantic colorings about ` mystical meanings ' and such . Just a great overview of how the art style is thought to have evolved , how it changes throught history , and lots of great photos . And a word on the photos of artifacts ... many of these photos are ` new ' , in the sense that they 're not the same ten images you see in every other book about the Celts . New photos of new artifacts not often shared with in publications . Great for Celtic artists who enjoy checking out ancient artifacts to use as source material and to track the evolution of its design and patterns !
 I enjoy this book a great deal because it includes history , art , timelines , and discoveries in the Celtic civilization . There are several maps that describe the Evolution of the Celtic Empire and its power before the rise of the Roman Empire . It talks about the beauty of the iron work that the Celtics created and the complicated knotwork designs that are very popular in Scotland and Ireland today . This book will give you a great overview of the Celtic Culture , I greatly recommend it !
 This is an amazing book in breadth and depth . Nearly 300 pages of photos and analysis . And while it is not comprehensive , it is worth getting . The authors point out the social function of the ornaments went beyond modern concepts of art . and these provide an often undecyphered look into Celtic religion and so forth . The limitations of such inquiries are well discussed and the book does not venture into controversial territory.On the whole this book is very good at demonstrating both continuities and discontinuities in Celtic art across space and time . It 's well worth reading . Highly recommended .
 There are no better men than Ted Wong -LRB- Jeet Kune Do -RRB- and William Cheung -LRB- Wing Chun -RRB- to demonstrate their respective arts in their purest forms . The book does an incredible job of directly comparing the applications of JKD and Wing Chun through a great integration of text and photos .
 Me , myself being a practicioner of both JKD and Wing Chun Kung Fu found this book to be interesting . It shows you how Bruce Lee used his Wing Chun knowledge and skill to be the basis of Jeet Kune Do . This book also shows how both Wing Chun and Jeet Kune Do would handle the same situations.In my personal opinion Jeet Kune Do is much more simpler , direct and practical in terms of hand-to-hand combat , but where Jeet Kune Do is rooted from should not be overlooked .
 This is probably one of the best books around for any martial artist , regardless of style . I say this because Grandmaster Cheung and Mr. Wong show not only the differences in their respective systems , but the merits as well . The techniques presented are logical and easy to use , and they compliment the hard-core logic of each system . Most other books I have seen on both of these arts try to make a spiritual standpoint on `` chi '' to seemingly fill up space and gather readers.This is n't the case here . Again , nothing but cold , hard facts of fighting are given from both styles in this book . I recommend not only to those who would benefit the most from it -LRB- wing chun devotees -RRB- , but also practitioners of other arts . It 's a great book , and I expect to see more like it in the future .
 Good read featuring two renowned Sifus , on two very important Martial Art Sysstems.Bruce Lee , JKD , or WC fans should enjoy this book !
 Having taken both styles and achieved Level 7 in TWC , this book is a must read . It provides invaluable insight into the relationship and differences between both styles .
 I am satisfied with this book about basic of wing chun and comparation with jeet kun do.I recomend this book as introduce into wing chun and jeet kun do .
 Venus Johnson seems to have is going on . SHe has a good career , a doctor for a boyfriend and long pretty hair . But she is not happy . Venus decides to make some changes and the first thing to go is the boyfriend , then the hair . Cutting off the hair is not easy . As any black woman can tell you , its hard being a slave to the hair . You know the horror stories , of the pressing comb , perms , and hours at the hair salon , but it seems your hair can dictate your self worth . This was happening with Venus . It was fun to read the reactions of others to her new look , new attitude . I found this book to be very interesting . THe characters were funny , interesting and someone you know you already know . It was also encouraging to watch Venus come to terms with herself , her life and her relationships . This was a very interesting read . One I highly recommend
 The author is smart . If you name a book , `` Nappily Ever After '' you 're gon na trick hair conscious women -LRB- which is practically every woman -RRB- into reading your novel . But is it really about hair?The basis is about hair but the message the author is trying to convey is about finding who you are and being comfortable with that . The author is a very good writer and storyteller . She took a very basic idea and made it into a very entertaining story with a lesson . A lot of people ca n't do that very well . It 's just a simple lesson that most women can relate too . Nothing deep or philosophical -LRB- we have Octavia Butler for that -RRB- but a lesson about being comfortable with who you are.I give it 4 stars
 This story blew me away . I thought it was going to be another one of those hair books where the women sit around in a beauty salon gossiping , but it was n't . It was a sweet and touching story about a woman who wanted to be married before the age of thirty-five with 2.5 children and a picket fence . When she did n't get her wish she cut off all her hair . That simple but very well written . I cried at the end so I deducted a point for that . I do n't like sad endings .
 This was an enjoyable read . I was never really quite sure what was going to happen , so the twists kept me on my toes . It was interesting to see what Venus went through - not just with others , but in her own mind . This was about Venus 's insecurities and her own coming to grips with how she saw herself . It 's hard to believe this is Trisha 's debut novel . Looking forward to your next !
 `` Nappily '' was entertaining ! . However , the characters of Venus and Khandi worked my nerves . Both were shallow and had agendas . A lot of time was spent on Venus and her `` finding herself '' which is what we need to do from time to time , but so much time was devoted to this . We were privy to the main characters ' thoughts which was an insight into each of them.The book 's opening left you `` hanging '' . I surprised by the ending . I give the writing a four -LRB- which is what reviews are about ? -RRB- . I was not bored !
 Do n't be fooled by the cover or its title ! There is so much more to this story than hair ! This story has depth to it that takes the reader on a ride with the main character Venus - in her plight for seeking true happiness by her own standards and not those dictated by society . She seeks what we all want , someone to love her soul , and a place to come into her own . The story is told with wit , insight and a style that creates a true PAGE TURNER ! Trisha Thomas has a skill that seems new and fresh - I ca n't wait for the next one !
 I enjoyed reading this novel emmensely . I could relate heavily to both Venus and Clint . The many twists and turns kept the story line interesting and I like the way all of the characters were intertwined in some way . The book , admittedly , was slow in some parts , but the overall intelligent story line well than made up for it !
 This book was so good that I finished reading it in one day . I had to post a review right away.I probably liked this book so much because I can relate to the main character 's journey to become comfortable in her own skin . I could see my younger self in the character so her story resonated with me . The ending was exceptionally good , even though I expected an entirely different conclusion to the story.The writing was tasteful , especially compared to some of the raunchy , over-the-top literature that a lot of Black authors put out . I 'm not a fan of detailed sex scenes and there was n't much of that in here.A few parts of the book seemed forced/pointless -LRB- i.e. Edwards ' wife 's role in the story and Edwards ' last scene with Kandi -RRB- but it did n't necessarily work against the plot.Overall , the book was a great read . I 'd recommend it to my friends .
 I really enjoyed reading this book . At first , it started off kind of slow to me , but the drama quickly unfolded after reading the first couple of chapters . I liked the writing style and thought the author was very creative , and felt as if I could feel and see most of the characters that were described in this story . I was a little disappointed with how the book ended though . It seemed a little unrealistic that Venus and Airic would meetup again , and just walk off into the sunset happily ever after - knowing how hurt Venus was behind Clint . Also , I was a little confused with the Clint and Kandi situation . At first it seemed like he did n't like her at all , at least not for a serious relationship , then next thing you know he asks her to marry him ? I felt that was because he felt rejected by Venus and figured she would n't come to her senses and want to patch things up . So in my mind , Kandi was kind of a rebound thing . But toward the end it seemed like he was so head over heels in love with Kandi . Then I did n't understand why Tyson 's wife would be stalking Venus . He had only known Venus for a short time , and they were not involved with each other - other than to discuss business . However , he had been seeing Kandi for over a year or so and the wife never thought to stalk her ? Unless , the note that Clint found under Kandi 's computer desk -LRB- when he was helping her install her new computer equipment -RRB- with the word `` b *** h '' written on it was from Tyson 's wife . The book never really clarified that . Also , while I was reading this book I could n't seem to understand why the author put so much emphasis on Venus ' hair , the relaxer , the bald head , etc. . Big deal ! People cut their hair every single day . Even though I enjoyed this book , I still ca n't understand , for the life of me , why Clint would rather marry someone he had known for such a short time - but he would n't marry Venus . How did , all of the sudden , Kandi become his bread and butter ? He did n't know anything about her . I did think the games that Venus was playing , trying to prove a point to Clint , did really bite her in the butt though . It was obvious that there was a true love connection between Clint and Venus , but toward then they both said they realized they had outgrown each other and they really did n't love each other for the right reasons . I am going to start the sequel `` Nappily Married '' next and I am excited to see more drama unfold .
 Ca n't wait to see the movie!Halle is going to be such a great Venus !
 275pgsA powerful one day read . This story reveals a true belief about how some men and women think about hair . Some men are attracted to long hair and women know this so , they will pretty much do anything to possess it . Venus is a beautiful black successful women with long hair . She meets Clint , a handsome medical student . They fall for each other and after four years of playing house , she evaluates her situation and her self worth and gives him a choice . While in this process , she cuts all of her hair off . -LRB- A Buzz Cut -RRB- He did n't feel as though they needed to get married at that point . The Story tells of the way he felt about marriage . It had a lot to do with his upbringing.The break up came about suddenly for him . Clint moves out and moves on . He meets Kandi while out one night with the fellas . She is a Third grade teacher whose very attractive with LONG HAIR . They date only for a short while and marry . Venus handles this very unexpectedly.I do n't want to spoil it for you . Women , we can learn a lot from this book !!!
 Drama mixed with hair nightmares . An original story to say the least . I liked the fact that everyone got a chance to tell their story . Venus . Kandi and Clint . Looking forward to the sequel .
 This was an excellent fast paced funny , heartwrenching , novel . There are n't many books that can make me laugh and cry at the same time . Excellent.I 'll start with Clint even though he 's not the main character . He should have been . Nappily Ever After shows the pain and frustration of a young black man just trying to make a way for himself . He never signed on to be the dream man of Venus jor Kandi for that matter . He wanted to be a doctor . The job of husband , and dream keeper he did n't sign on for . I loved the truth of the story . Sometimes truth is crazier than fiction . Tisha Thomas tells the truth and dazzles it with a little fiction . Venus and Kandi both had their own agendas , neither cared too much about how Clint felt in the long run.Giving this book five stars is n't enough . I wish there were other options . Recommended highly for grown folks as well as young . Ten stars !!
 I absolutely loved Nappily Ever After ! I could relate , not only to the main character , Venus , but to Khandi -LRB- haha - a somewhat unlikable supporting character -RRB- as well . This story is intelligent , humorous and informative and I could not put it down . Ironic that most of it was read as I sat in the beauty salon waiting the usual eternity to be rescued from under the hair dryer . Venus was my hero as I sat and watched other clients ' heads get lathered with perm -LRB- the enemy -RRB- and almost inspired me to walk out of that beauty salon and never return . ALMOST . Nevertheless , I was intrigued by Nappily 's storyline and impressed by its ' many revelations . The characters were very well developed and written with sensitivity and insight . Trisha R. Thomas did a fabulous job weaving together African American history , mystery and romance into a beautiful story of self-discovery - and all with a very hip voice . Not an easy task . She did a great job with the male lead as well . Not your typical `` he 's a dog '' male-bashing scenario . The story was also unpredictable , for which I was grateful . This author 's debut was fabulous and there is no wonder why she is nominated for an NAACP Image Award . Congratulations Trisha R. Thomas and I look forward to many more novels from you in the NEAR future . I am a true fan !
 This was one of the most entertaining stories I have ever read . I highly recommend this novel . It 's a MUST READ ! These characters are the kind that become your friends . You will laugh with them and cry with them . But most of all they will make you think . After finishing the novel , take a good look at yourself in the mirror . You might just see a different person than the one you used to see looking back at you . Yeah , it 's that deep , girlfriends ! And , you 'll still enjoy it . No lye !
 This is a tremendous book , by the first time author Trisha Thomas . I ususally do n't read books like this , however I could n't put this book down ! The imagery that Trisha created was like nothing else that I have ever read . Since reading this book I tried to find other authors -LRB- Essence Best Seller List -RRB- that might be as talented without any luck.These people crying because Venus did n't marry Clint need to get over their own sad lives . Venus evolved emotionally and spiritually and came to the understanding that her relationship with Clint was not healthy . Why go into a marriage just because two people had `` all of those years '' together if it 's not mutually loving ? Kandi hooking up with Clint is how it happens sometimes . Because of failed relationships , they both knew exactly what they wanted the next go round.This is a happy story . If people read this book thinking its like the other mind numbing books on the market they may not be satisfied . However , if you are looking for a thought provoking and spiritually enlightening novel , Nappily Ever After is the only one to read !
 Can I get a witness ... what sista has not had a bad hair day and made a snap decision to cut it all off ... and then after it was gone wondered if she had done the right thang ? I know I 've been there ... done that and been back again . However , does my hair define or tell the complete story of who I am ? I hope that I 'm not as shallow as that and that my persona is defined by so much more than my hair.Nappily Ever After by Trisha Thomas was witty , humorous and a refreshing look at AA woman and the issues we face on a daily basis which are sometimes complicated by hair that wo n't behave . Creating a storyline around hair was simply unique and different ... however , upon closer observation the hair dilemma was really a symptom and not the problem.The main character , Venus appears to have it all ... a good job , good man , good friends , good income , good home ... but then one day she decides she wants a change ... and decides to begin with a new hairstyle . Yes , she decides to get rid of the long , chemically relaxed hair that keeps her glued to the hair stylist chair every week or two just for maintenance . At a MINIMUM of $ 30.00 per style it 's an expensive habit to support . And of course , her hair stylist is n't too happy that she 's considering that option . . you know the one of I do n't need you anymore . Now what hair stylist would be ; most of them like that we 're slaves to their chair and that some of us will wait several hours or longer just for them to grace us with their presence and do our hair . Mind you we 're paying but we have to wait at their beck and call.So when Venus decides to break loose from the hair/salon bondage she realizes that there are other shackles that she needs to let go as well ... including the 6 ' plus , live-in honey , lover of the last 3 years named Clint ... and did I mention that he was even a so-called good catch ... yes the brother Clint was a soon-to-be fully licensed doctor . Clint 's problem was that he was n't ready for commitment with Venus ; afterall he figured there was another alternative rather than offering a marriage proposal . Which left Venus with no other choice but to dump him . After lonely nites and days , Venus questions whether or not she has made the right decision and whether she should allow the noncommittal Clint back into her life . After all was he really that bad ... loneliness will sometimes take us to desperate measures and make us rethink our best decisions . However , the getting back might not be as easy as Venus envisioned . As we experience the antics and scenes of Venus ' whirlwind life without Clint and with Clint we see an evolution of sorts as Venus gains understanding of the new Venus and that its not really the hair that matters but the person beneath the crowning glory.Nappily Ever After is a well-written debut novel ; Thomas delivers a witty , funny and sensitive coming-of-age novel . Trisha Thomas is a talented newcomer and I hope to see more works from this sista ! Nappily Ever After is a good read and one that makes for great discussion ... why not read it today and do n't forget to suggest it to your bookclub.Yasmin Coleman apooo@yahoogroups.com
 I could n't have said it better . This book has very little to do with hair and all it 's drama . It 's actually an entertaining story about three people who are searching for what they really want out of life . I laughed out loud so many times while reading this my co-workers thought i was crazy . As funny as it was it was also sad . I wish ms. Thomas success and look forward to her next book.A reader in DC who knows about the Man shortage .
 A page turner from page one ! You will NOT be able to put this book down . I read it in 2 days . I had a video that was due back to the store - I read instead - the movie went `` unwatched . `` A CLEAR candidate for a continuation into Venus ' life , movie , or TV series . This book is funny -LRB- I regularly laughed out loud -RRB- while extremely thought provoking . Buy it , borrow it , steal it -LRB- then return it -RRB- - do whatever you need to do to read it .
 This was a terrific read , especially if you are one of those AA women who have decided not to be a slave to a perm -LRB- such as I -RRB- . Trisha does a good job with the characters and storyline . Venus will make you feel that beauty is not in your hair , but in your heart . God job , Trisha . Ca n't wait for the next book !
 Venus is a sista that has it going on in every way . She has a good job , live in boyfriend and long pretty hair . Out the blue one day , Venus goes to the beauty salon and instructs her stylist to cut her hair off then she sends her boyfriend on his way . Wonder what cause this ? Venus is in search of her independence . This is an outstanding debut . God 's Blessing 's to the author .
 I really enjoyed the book . I finished the book in about 3 days . I did n't enjoy the ending , although I understood why the author chose to end it like that . All in all , I would recommend this to my friends .
 Story line keeps you turning pages until you just got ta find out what happens . Good job for a new novelist
 I enjoyed reading the book but I think that the character , Venus Johnson , could have been more developed . I was expecting for all hell to break loose after she cut her hair ... however , in all actuality , her cutting her hair was an end result . It seems as if she was not fulfilled with her life before cutting her hair and still never gained fulfillment after . If anything , it added more havoc to her life -LRB- at least in her mind -RRB- . The title of the book was an excellent choice in that it is eye-catching and sparks curiosity . However , Venus was neither `` nappy '' nor `` happy '' ... or is that the irony of it ? Overall , great job for a first time author . I applaud Mrs. Thomas on her work and wish her much continued success !
 I think its funny how black people always complain about others treating us unfairly , yet we treat one another the same way . Understand what Ms. Thomas is trying to convey through this book . I , like Venus , woke up one day and decided to cut off my shoulder-length relaxed hair and I have n't been happier . Not having to deal with burning treatments and hot combs has really liberated me in all sorts of ways . My face is more visible and so what if men are n't attracted to me right now . Because I can guarantee that the right man WILL be attracted to me . Halle Berry sees this as well and thats why she 's willing to shave her head for this . She 's said before that she prefers short hair anyway . I 'm friends with Trisha 's daughter , Tiffany . That does n't mean I 'm biased . All I 'm asking is that all of you appreciate what this woman is doing ! Her family is excited for her and we should be too !!
 While Nappily Ever After was a very good read it did have a surprise ending!I was surprised to see how it actually end . Toward the end it was apparent what was actually going to happen but I just not quite sure ! This was also a typical case of communications going bad or a lack of communication !
 I THINK THE BOOK NAPPILY EVER AFTER WAS APAGE TURNER AND SOMETHINGS THAT HAPPEN IN EVERYDAY LIFE , LIKE THE SAYING GOES U HAVE 2 LET SOME THINGS GO 2 LET UR BLESSINGS FLOW , AND I GUESS THATS WHAT SHE DID . U GOT ME ON SOME PARTS OF THE BOOK B/C I REALLY THOUGHT IT WAS KANDI WHO WAS SENDING THOSE NOTES 2 VENUS BUT IT WAS TYSON 'S WIFE . I THINK THAT VENUS LOST OUT ON A GOOD MAN B/C SHE WANTED HIM 2 MARRY HER WHEN SHE WANTED AND THAT 'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN PEOPLE GET GREEDY AND WANT WHAT THEY WANT WHEN THEY WANT IT . SHE DID FIND HER ANOTHER MAN AT THE END AND THAT WAS ALL WELL AND GOOD AND I WAS HAPPY FOR EACH OF THE CHARACTERS IN THE BOOK AND I WISH U THE VERY BEST IN UR CAREER . U R A VERY TALENTED WOMAN AND GOD BLESSES THOSE WHO BLESS OTHERS AND U HAVE W / UR INSPIRATION . OOH BEFORE I FORGET I KNOW U HAVE PROBABLY HEARD THIS BEFORE SO I HOPE U DO N'T GET OFFENDED BUT ON UR PICTURE U LOOK LIKE LYNN WHITFIELD . THAT IS NOT A BAD THING . GOD LUCH AND GOD BLESS >
 This story left me in tears . I wanted Venus and Clint to work out their differences . I wanted Venus to beg for Clint to change his mind and do the right thing . It was hard to walk away and close the last page as things stood . Please tell me there is a sequal . I 'll be waiting.T . Bell , owner ofGrant 's Wishes and Things Boutique
 I believe previous reviewers missed the point . The use of hair was not the theme , so if the title misled you , so what it is to draw you into a bigger theme . That people use hair to determine one 's worth . Whether it is wrong or right , is not the point the author is trying to make , it is how society views things.May the purpose of the story was show how wrong it is.Concerning Venus and Clint . The author would not have been able to get the point across if she had a happy ending . The points are 1 . Relationships take work . 2 . Relationship take committment 3 . Relationships take communications 4 . A most of all patiences Venus was testing , with no faith herself , her man and or God . God wants us to be patience and not to have a pushing attitude . Venus took this pushy attitude into the work place , which turn things into havoc , she wanted the new position and was not willing to stay the course to get in , but jeopordized her career to get close with client etc.So author was showing a pattern ... So if she got her man , those reading would have thought that is way to get what you want.So wake up readers , , , go through the layers of the onion . . to get the core lesson .
 I do n't even usually read books of this type of subject matter . I focus primarily on books that are empowering and uplifting . One of my friends recommended this book to me and I must say that I was hesistant , based on the title . I thought it was going to be one of those `` he say , she say books , '' but nothing can be further from the truth . Participating in the self awarness struggle of Venus was truly interesting and funny at many times . This was a quick read and the author has an exquisite way of placing the reader inside of every scene.I would recommend this book to anyone that has a brain and is looking for some real substance with their entertaintment .
 A beautiful house , a successfuljob in cosmetic advertising , a live-in boyfriend who is a successful doctor , but for her birthday , a cute little puppy instead of a ring . This is the life of Venus Johnson . Venus decides to make changes in her life by having her long , straight , processed hair cut when all the time spent in the salon is getting to her . Her other decision is to kick Clint to the curb since he is happy with the things the way they are . She has second thoughts about whether to go after Clint or to let things be . Clint has moved on to someone else who has long , straight hair . Venus decides to be self-accepting and move on with her life no matter what others think of her and leave the store bought beauty and the hours spent in a beauty salon behind her . With all of the turmoil in her life
 Nappily Ever After was a true page turner . I could n't put it down . Venus was a down to earth character that I could relate too . You wanted to know how the story turned out by the first chapter , I was tempted to read the last chapter right after the first . I look forward to more books By Trisha R. Thomas . I wish it could have went the other way , but the author made it very believable .
 but I had to make the time to finish the book to make sure that I was n't missing anything . At times I felt there was something else that needed to be said to complete the story . Maybe for me , the author should have started with some background , instead of when the character cut off her hair , and then after she cut her hair she should have made her proud and not afraid of what others had to say about her , this should have been about her feelings and only about her feelings about her hair .
 I enjoyed this book . I needed to read a book like this . There are feelings I need to change about myself and this book made me realize it .
 Venus Johnson is tired of being trapped . Trapped by all the things that most women hate but do n't have the guts to do anything about . Spending hour upon hour in hair salons being plucked , prodded , poked and becoming `` beautiful '' , but to whose standard?When Venus decides to lop it all off -LRB- her hair that is -RRB- she is not prepared for the reaction she gets from friends , co-workers and even her long time boyfriend Clint . But that is the least of her worries . Her relationship has been on a downward spiral for a while being that Venus is ready for marriage and Clint , well , he is just not there yet . So when Venus and Clint decide to call it quits she is not prepared for life as a single gal with a dramatic new look.However , Venus is determined to make it work . Refusing to be trapped by a life style that includes bi-weekly salon trips Venus moves on and much to her chagrin , so does Clint . But in the end will true love win out or will these two realize that it was not meant to be?Trisha Thomas 's debut is surprisingly refreshing and all of the answers do not come easily . Readers will be surprised by the outcome of this great novel and will also be eager to get their hands on the next installment !
 Great relationship story ! Venus , Clint and Kandi were the triangle of love that led to a fight to finish line , which happens to be the altar . The story written well and showed a lot of talent from newcomer Trish Thomas .
 I read this book for the second time , this time with my bookclub and I have to up my rating , one whole star . Talking about this book in a group with women who have experienced the same feelings as Venus and Kandi was an enlightening experience . I can see where the author was going with the faulty ending . I can respect her choice for giving Clint to the other woman . Sometimes life happens that way and is n't truth stranger than fiction .
 After reading every Brit-Girl book , this was a refreshing change . Finally a female character who does n't hunt a man down and stick a spike heel in his chest . The female lead of this story started out quite prickly , but ended up softening in the end . She found out there was more to life than catching a man . Bravo and five stars . Surely the fans of Bridgette Jone 's diary will find this an entertaining and funny read . I recommend it highly , K.Smalley
 This book is what literature is all about . The story of Venus , Clint and Kandi , and their desperation for love and acceptance kept me up all night . I read it to completion . Mostly , I wanted to know who was going to end up with the man , and who was going to end up with a little self respect.I enjoyed this book and ca n't wait for Trisha Thomas 's follow up . I hope there 's a sequel .
 I can definitely see this as a movie . The characters , Venus , Clint and Kandi are a slice of life from so many people that I know . Venus being obsessed about her looks , Clint just wanting to be a man about it , and Kandi having no shame in needing a man and making him the center of her life . I hope Halle makes it into a movie , Trisha . It will be GREAT !
 Venus Johnson has a weekly appointment with her hairdresser and a boyfriend that wo n't commit to marriage . We 've all been there . When she finally says , that 's enough , she means the boyfriend and the hair have to go . This was an enjoyable read . Deeply felt . Looking forward to Ms. Thomas next novel .
 I absolutely love this book ! The topic is personal to me , because I too like Venus , am constantly in battle with processed hair vs. the perceived validation of peers . Although this is a work of fiction , the descriptions are honest in detail about how we as women evaluate our beauty through our hair , and how others respond to it . I especially value the underlying message - which is that confidence and self-assurance comes from within - not significant others , friends , family or coworkers . The self reflection is amazing - and perfect for a reader like myself who is on the fence about cutting my hair and reclaiming my independence - or maintaining the expensive and time consuming look of permed tresses . This debut novel is witty , humorous , and all to true in chronicling Venus 's evolution from weekly visits at the salon to battling hateful comments like `` pickaninny '' once she goes natural . I appreciate that the context was not just in first person , but instead we are able to hear the thoughts and opinions of Clint the sincere - too good to be true doctor of four years , and Kandi the beautiful heartbroken 3rd grade teacher who wants to win Clint 's affection . Venus is a colorful heroine whom I really became attached too , and I found myself pacing my reading so that the story would n't come to an end . Go out and purchase this wonderful novel and enjoy !
 Nappily Ever After by Trisha R. Thomas is the kind of book that lovers of good fiction can embrace . The writing is top-notch
 Great relationship story ! Venus , Clint and Kandi were the triangle of love that led to a fight to finish line , which happens to be the altar . The story written well and showed a lot of talent from newcomer Trish Thomas .
 This book had a lot of truth to it . A lot of us women take our issues to our hair , and it is not an ethnic thing . Tyson Edwards , the egocentric character , had it pinned just right . However , I was a little miffed that Venus Johnston , who had it going on in every other respect , had to feel that she needed to do something drastic to bring distinction to herself . I really do n't think cutting her hair was going to have much of an impact like she thought it would . I understood her plight with Clint Fairchild , but rushing him was n't going to make it happen any better or sooner . The character I really felt sorry for was Kandi , she was in a no good triangle with one man and then got involved as the rebound with another . She was the one that should have cut her hair off . Trisha Thomas did a dynamite job with bringing this to full circle for us and showing that a woman does n't have to rely on her vanity to make it in life .
 I really enjoyed this book . At first I was getting a little ticked off cause I felt like Venus was getting the short end of the stick , but it all worked out in the end . Sometimes , you need to step back from things to get a better perspective of what 's really going on . Keep up the good work .
 This book was breath taking . Trisha did an outstanding job in writing this story . I enjoyed reading this book . Although I read this book 3 months ago , I still can remember how everything took place in the end . I recommend this book to all my friends , loved ones , and family members . It is definitely something to keep on the shelf .
 I really enjoyed reading Nappily Ever After . I had never heard of Trisha Thomas and happend upon this book while searching for another on the net . Trisha Thomas really out did her self in this book . It was a page turner from beginning to end . Although , It did n't end quite they way I expected . I had hoped that Venus and Clint would rekindle their relationship and live happily ever after . They just seemed so right for one another . Even though Khandi seemed to be a fairly nice young lady , I still did n't want her and Clint to get together . But all in all after reading further , I finally came to accept what would be the inevitable , that He and Khandi would be together . Sometimes we do n't always get what we want . If you think your the only one with insecurties in your life , even though you may have it going on in just about every area of your life , I recommend reading Nappily Ever After and you 'll come to see that your not alone , and moreover you wont be dissappointed at this book .
 Read Nappily ! See if you can relate to going from hair down to there to no hair anywhere ! I must say it is quite refreshing to hear about what really happens to one when they are left to fend for themselves without having long hair . Well-thought out and well written . This is a read for those with a discriminating taste in literature . Happy to have read Nappily !
 I liked this book a lot . It was cute and entertaining . I could relate to the main character , and it actually gave me some strength to just let go of my own past relationship .
 I saw this book listed in Essence magazine and knew I just had to have it . I just recently cut off all my `` beautiful '' relaxed hair . I saw the title of the book and I was intrigued . I read this book in two days . I can totally relate to Venus because the feelings she had about her hair , the insecurities of not having long hair -LRB- her ex-boyfriend 's new girl had long hair -RRB- and all that , those are feelings I 've had . I 've had my hair relaxed for ten years and cutting it off is very hard . It 's like her friend stated in the book , `` It takes a strong sister to cut it all off . '' I could not put this book down . After reading the first chapter , I had to know how it ended . Buy it for you and your friends .
 Loved this book!I 've spent a few a nights , Saturday mornings and Sunday afternoons doing hair for a sistah or two in the dorms , and as a straight , black man I was always amazed that no matter how broke they were ... or how much they hated it ... how strong a ritual it was in their lives -LRB- I did n't understand it , but I 'm VERY THANKFUL for it , because it really helped me pay my way through school -RRB- . `` Nappily Ever After '' gave me some deeper insights on how much importance some women place on what their hair looks like and how it can get wrapped up into all aspects of their lives . The author showed all sides of a sister in Venus from her towering strengths to some of her weaker sides ; but most importantly , Trisha R. Thomas showed the journey she took going from one extreme to the other ... back and forth a couple of times.The writing is crisp and relaxing , the characters were rich , and the story really keeps you in the pages -LRB- although I think the connection of the characters in the end was a little trite and convenient -RRB- . This is an excellent debut novel and I 'm recommending it to all the folks I know.Look forward to your next book , Ms. Thomas !
 I finished reading this book almost a month ago but I just was n't ready to write a review at that time . I needed to think on it for a minute . I had read several reviews and was eager to get into it . This book was a good read but it just was n't what I expected . From the reviews I really thought it was about a sister who gets tired of her long permed hair and cuts it off and goes natural and finds herself and makes some kind of political statement about black womenhood , self-esteem , self-empowerment , et al. . Well , Venus does in a way finds herself but not quite how I envisioned . I thought the storyline would carry us through the various reactions and experiences because she has made a drastic change in her appearance . There were some reactions , I just thought there would be more regarding corporate America and other areas . Instead it seemed it was not about the hair but about the issues and baggage that plagued her . Venus nurtured a relationship with Clint , was there for him through the tough years of medical school and when she presented him with an ultimatum , he could n't be a man about it and step up to the plate . I wo n't spoil the rest for those who have n't read the book , but he kicked her in the stomach . I understand his point too , the man always has his ego and pride to protect . But the premice still seemed to be that from all the confidence Venus gained when she cut off her hair -LRB- shackles -RRB- in the end her happiness was still defined by having a man . That was the way it seemed to me . Again I do n't want to say anymore . The book was a indeed a page turner so that is why I rated it f stars . It is always a treat to hear a fresh new voice . I will definitely read the author 's future books .
 Nappily Ever After is the debut novel of Author Trisha R. Thomas . Thomas tells the compelling and endearing story of a woman , Venus Johnston , who is struggling to define herself by her own standards.Nappily Ever After opens with Venus in a hair salon getting her mane cut to a close cropped natural style . While sitting in the stylist 's chair , Venus reflects back on her lifelong struggle with her hair . Cutting her hair is the beginning of Venus ' quest for self-defintion . After shedding her hair , Venus is forced to face herself without the frills that she has become accustomed to hiding behind . She learns the true meaning of beauty in the process.Dealing with her new hairstyle is only one of Venus ' problems . Readers also meet an engaging cast of characters including Clint , her former live-in boyfriend and Kandi , the new woman in Clint 's life . Clint begins a relationship with Kandi on the rebound from his split with Venus . Kandi openly accepts Clint in her life , but has a few skeletons in her closet as well.Nappily Ever After deals with the issue of self perception and how it influences one 's interactions with others . It also gives the reader a view of what can happen when one is truly happy with oneself .
 It is so good to see the vast African American talent that we have among us . Trisha Thomas has written a novel that a lot of us do n't really tackle about . Our hair . She takes a real brave sister , Venus Johnston , who cuts off her hair , sends her boyfriend out of her life , and then embarks on one of her own . It is not all happy stuff here . Most of the folks she encounter are either trying to put her down , stalking her with crazy notes , and just plain being simple . Combined with the pressures of the corporate world and how she handles that , has the makings of a great debut novel . I feel the author wants to let us know that we are unique in our own way and do n't need no one else to validate or tell us who we are . Brava !! or You go Girl !!!
 Clearly this is a compelling book as for anyone even vaguely familiar with African American culture since the title is so provocative . And in the plot hair both literally and as a metaphor represents a shackle for black women and a hurdle to be surmounted in achieving a sense of worth and self esteem.The author 's use of hair as a metaphor in depicting the lives of African Americans insightful and adept . From a literal perspective it is apt and often funny ; however , always with an edge . However , the focus of the novel is the predominant underlying theme that a sense of inner worth , and satisfaction are essential and fundamental to beauty -LRB- as well as a broader definition of what represents beauty -RRB- . `` Nappily Ever After '' is touching and poignant in its representation that many African American women view beauty and success as being represented by securing one of the successful , dependable , -LRB- and seemingly rare -RRB- black men . It 's message is important and powerful in calling out to women that they need to look no farther than within to determine the level of beauty and success they have attained ; when they recognize this , then the beauty will be self evident to any others who are worthy of appreciating it.Despite the important and eloquent themes , the protagonist 's angst and self exploration are belabored to an excessive extent , and the book would have benefitted from editing in this regard . Additionally , the book relied upon a `` the bad guy gets his deserves '' and the good -LRB- if occasionally misguided -RRB- characters all find happiness in the end.A decent book , with important themes ; however , the writing is not profound and this novel does not constitute great literature . Instead , it is simply a nice book .
 I have to agree with everyone who 've reviewed this book thus far , it 's a great story . What distinguishes this author 's first novel from others is the fact that it 's a refreshing look at the male/female relationships that is a step above the other novels that are saturating the market . This means is not only about two people but a group whose loves are carefully intertwined . It 's about their emotions and passions and about getting to know themselves and what they want out of life . After I finished , I too took a look at myself in the mirror and decided that I needed to reconsider different aspects in my life . I have to start with myself first then everything else will fall into place . Of course we should all do this , but how many of us practice it ?
 Good Read ! Enjoyed the characters , they were not one dimensional . The book me feel like I knew them and I wanted to know WHAT HAPPENED NEXT . At times , the book made me laugh out loud -LRB- especially in the beginning -RRB- . I 'm going to get the next book in the series and I would recommend this book to anyone looking to treat yourself to a wonderful reading experience!Also , I 'm looking forward to Halle Berry doing the movie version !!
 Nappy ... this book gets down to the nitty gritty . Venus and Kandi are so real . I could see myself in both characters . I think many black women are like Venus , independent , take charge , and wish or have tried -LRB- as I have -RRB- cutting their hair off . Kandi , on the other hand , is what we have to at least appear to be to black men so that we are considered attractive - long hair , sexy , somewhat dependent , emotionally needy , and not intimidating . If you want to read a book that is not only pleasurable to read , but infused with a realistic look at the lives of young black women then I think you will enjoy this one .
 For those not familiar with black America this is a great introduction -- especially into the whole hair issue . -LRB- You can not understand a black woman if you do n't understand black hair and all its issues -RRB- . If you are already clued in , then this is a great little vignette on a set of topics that can loom quite large in the lives of many black American women -- hair , skin colour , and the quest for a decent man.I enjoyed this book a lot . I read it in one sitting , way into the wee hours of the morning , because I could n't put it down . I since lent it to my sister who got a message of self-empowerment out of it . She then lent it to a friend who loved it , and it is now in the hands of a friend of hers!That said , this is not capital L Literature , but it is fun .
 Nappily Ever Afer was an outstanding book . I could n't put the book down for two day 's straight . Khandi reminded me of a lot of black women I know , beatiful but very insecure about them selves . I was very glad to see Venius found herself at the end . I could n't understand for the love of me why a woman would want to force a man to marry her the way she did . I guess I learned a thing a two about the way women think when reading Venus ' thoughts . This was a very intresting book , I 'll be looking forward to reading the author 's next novel .
 If you have long flowing hair that many people go to the store and buy , would you cut it ALL OFF so that you can feel more independent or liberated ? If you have spent the last four years of your life with up and coming doctor , would you throw him out in his last couple of weeks of residence just because he wo n't propose when YOU want him too?Well , these are just a couple of the things that Venus Johnson did among others . Venus is a head strong women who has put everything she had -LRB- so she thinks -RRB- into her four year relationship with Clint with very little return from him . She begins to feel slighted and ends the relationship moving on to better things so she thinks but she never really moved on until she makes a self-discovery . Clint is also head strong and very focused on his career as a doctor . With the end of his residency in sight he ca n't focus on Venus the way he knows he should or the way Venus wants him too . Venus and Clint have to deal with what they want in their mate and in a relationship . They have to deal with their goals and dreams in life . And they have to make the decision if they want to go through these things as a couple or a friends.This is a great story of love , relationships , politics , hair , and self-discovery . I suggest you read it because you will definitely learn something from it.Excellent job Trisha . I look forward to reading more from you.Wana
 This book was certainly one of the most enjoyable books that I 've ever read . Trisha Thomas captured in her novel characters that we certainly all know.I think that most African-American women are a Venus , have been a Venus , or will one day confront the Venus-like way of thinking that we all fall victim to when we subscribe to a standard of beauty set by others who are unlike ourselves . By cutting her hair , Venus acknowledged a desire to know more than her physical self ; she confronted and embraced the woman that she knew that she could be , inside . Who would not applaud her for that?As for Kandi ... most of us will never feel the need to look that deeply within ourselves , nor have the strength to just let go . Kandi is a woman that we all know , and perhaps the woman that most of us actually are . Although I was hoping for the reuniting of Clint and Venus , a higher deity steered both towards what they needed and knew.Great job , Trisha ... looking forward to that next novel .
 Awesome book . I think this book made a statement about sisters and what we 've gone through with our hair since we were brought to this country . I enjoyed Ms. Thomas ' writing and the tack she took on the subject without losing the characters or being too heavy handed with social commentary . This is what I call a `` Make-Up-Your-Own-Mind '' kind of book . She left something for the reader to think about and come to their own conclusions and that 's the whole purpose . Wonderful read .
 Provides hope , encouragement and courage to face obstacles in life . Every chapter defines how God is there to help . The bible is quoted throughout . This is a short book that will help people emotionally and psychologically . We all need to make the of life with God 's help and wisdom . It makes a wonderful gift for people who need to improve their life . I highly recommend it . I received this book as a gift in 1976 . I cherish it and will keep it forever . I have read it many times throughout the years . Each time , I learn something new that applies to my current life .
 Author Mahmood Mamdani is a scholarly writer and thinker who combines the intellect of a fact-seeking philosopher with the heart of a Gandhi . This book , _ Good Muslim , Bad Muslim
 Mamdani is a powerful intellectual -LRB- who by the way is never invited by the American media to speak ! -RRB- with African and Muslim roots . I find his analysis powerful and helpful for promoting the much-needed reflection and dialogue in ALL peoples and countries . It is not about America versus Islam , but about power politics and its insidious effects . As Karen Armstrong has said , there have been religious wars all throughout human history , but never before has there been the kind of power concentration both military and economic in one single `` nation '' . There is a burden that comes with power , and as a democracy , we American citizens need to take more interest in what our government does with our tax money . We simply do n't do enough to promote a more peaceful and mutually rewarding environment for all peoples of the earth.I find Mamdani 's book is courageous in that it addresses a topic that has been taboo on the American media and public discourse . As we begin to peel the layers of the onion , we might discover that ordinary people do not want to participate in this bloody game of power politics but truly create a global village that engages in constructive actions , not perpetual violence in the name of some cause or another.I think it is a must read for those who are brave enough to challenge their own assumptions about themselves . It is very easy to make assumptions about others , but it is high time we as Americans questioned our own assumptions about ourselves as a superpower .
 Good Muslim , Bad Muslim ; this is a phrase that American leaders like to emphasize when responding to the latest terrorist attacks . Specifically , most Muslims are good Muslims in that they are peaceful law-abiding citizens . But there are also bad Muslims , and these are the ones to look out for . Similar statements have existed in American history with regard to blacks , Native Americans , civil rights protesters , unionists , and any one else not in power . In all cases , the truth of the matter is that the powers that be have/are screwing over a group of people not in power -LRB- blacks , Muslims , Native Americans -RRB- and one day , some members in the latter group -LRB- Black Panthers , Al Qaeda , Chief Crazy Horse -RRB- finally decide to strike back . This book is about one group of people ; Al Qaeda and other Bad Muslims ; and why they have declared war on America.In short , the author takes the reader on a short trip through Middle East and related history , and the West 's involvement in it . This includes America 's overthrow of Iran 's president in the 1950 's , the Israel-Palestinian conflict , the first Gulf War , and of course , America 's involvement in Afghanistan during the 1980 's , and subsequent disenvoment during the 1990 's . From this history , the author paints a sordid picture of how American governments and American corporations have created Al Qaeda and other Bad Muslism . First , America undermined democracy in the Middle East by publicly and privately supporting dictators as long as said dictator kept the oil spigot open and kept the communists out . Second , during the Afghan War , America encouraged its Muslim and Arab friends to send their crazies to Afghanistan to fight the Soviets . Most of our friends were either secular Muslims , and/or Westernized Muslims , so they sent over those they feared the most ; the fundamentalist `` bad '' Muslims . Third , these `` bad '' Muslims did not die as supposed to in Afghanistan . Instead , they got training , skills , weaponry , and most important , they got connected with each other and formed a leadership with Osama Bin Laden as the titular head . Last , these `` bad '' Muslims came home as underground heroes , and have proceeded to take on issues that their home governments have ignored . This includes local corruption , Western influences within the local culture , and Western influence over their local government . As a result , many of these `` bad '' Muslims have decided to declare war on America and all we hold dear.In all , this book is very good , and worthy reading for any American . It is in the same line as previous works such as Dust of Empire , Clash of Fundamentalisms , and stuff by Noam Chomsky , except the writing is cleaner and faster to get through.Great read overall .
 Whoever wants to talk about Islam , its political and religeous implication on modern world should read this bookThe reader learns much about the origins of terrorism , which often has been orchestrated and initiated byUS-Politics and by powerfull US-organizations . I have bought this at amazon.com in it 's original english-language version as well at amazon.de in a very satisfying german translation . The german paperback-edition is even much `` worthier '' . This important book should be translated in other languages , also in arabic and hebrew .
 While I found the book exceptionally thought provoking it was more in a sense of impassioned defense of what are western values and methods under attack rather than exploring a real discourse of the issues in the Middle East and Islam as a whole . To point a finger so directly at one side and ask it to make all of the concessions is impractical and foolish . His passionate pleas for the US State Department to admit guilt and claim responsibility is an interesting but imbecilic and impotent gesture . The Middle East seems to live in a shame / honor value system and has been attacked because it listens to its weaker conscience in the face of adversity . By nature of Osama 's claims that he attacked us because he saw us as weak seems to demand that we take none of the prescriptions Mamdani calls for . I can not despute his discussions of the proxy wars but knowing a few people who were there and especially knowing intimately what Magnus Malan contributed to Southern African stability I know that Mamdani represents a very communistic / leftist crowd . Good reading , worth looking at from an alternative standpoint to Bernard Lewis , Hutchinson,Pryce-Jones et al. . It is a dead give away though when Noam Chomsky is featured as a praiser of some work . A real lightening rod and not one to really contribute to a healthy dialog about the Middle East .
 I found this book to be extremely well written and informative on current Middle Eastern affairs as well as previous American involvement in Central America . If you want to read a book that gives you the whole story about U.S. imperialism ; where and why it happened , then this book is a must read .5 StarsKwame
 This book is a multi-faceted analysis of Islam , the west and the Islamists . The book purports to try to lift the veil off of Islamism and explain the Jihadists , their motives and origins . The first chapter deals with Culture Talk , which is to say an open dialogue about Islam , the West and Jihad . Here the book tries to show that ` Jihad ' as a term was first employed by Muslims who were fighting fellow Muslims , whether it was against the rich slave traders of Africa or the effendis of Saudi , we are told it was not a term aimed at non-muslims . The second portion of the book tries to show how America grafted Jihad onto its goals in the cold war . Typical of the ` America is the greatest terrorist ' this book tries to show that terrorism was invented by America to fight the cold war in Africa and central America . Then the book tries to show that , having learned about terrorism while aiding the contras , the CIA created the Jihadist elements in Afghanistan . In the final analysis the book argues that the CIA basically came up with the idea of Jihad and that by extension the CIA basically planned 9/11 . Here is where the book fails.Apparently forgotten in these pages are several incidents of genocide against non-muslims by muslims that had nothing to do with the west . No chapter sheds light on the Armenian massacres , the Assyrian genocide or the Hindu/Sikh genocide in Pakistan . And of course no chapter explains the virtual genocide against the Chinese and East Timorese in Indonesia . These incidents of mass slaughter had nothing to do with the cold war , just as the Moro Jihadist insurgency in the Philippines had nothing to do with the cold war . It is true that their was massive funding for the Anti-Russian resistance in Afghanistan , and it is true that radical anti-western elements in the ISI of Pakistan encouraged the creation of Islamism . But this does n't fit the argument that this book is trying to convey , namely that the West is 100 % responsible for 9/11 and Al Queida . The reality is this book wants to blame the victim and to never blame those who are the actual terrorists . Although the book quickly condemns terrorism by S. Africa it never once condemns the same exact terrorism when practiced against the west . Why ? Is the argument here that when terrorism is employed by western countries then the west is ` evil ' and when terrorism is employed by Jihadists then it is also the west 's fault . Hypocrisy is the name of the game in the conclusion . Thus there is a major failure of honesty in this read and many who hate America will be happy with this analysis but someone interested in the roots of Islamism will be left cold . Two facts remain , first the CIA is given far too much credit for being competent , which it is not and Second there is a total ignoring of previous Islamist movements like the Muslim Brotherhood and the Muslim nationalists like Nasser.Lastly the book tries to compare Christian ` fundamentalism ' with Islamic ` fundamentalism ' . But the problem is their is not one incident where Christian terrorists have gone to an Islamic country and bombed mosques or schools while shouting ` God if Great ' . Their is simply nothing to compare , because witht he exception of Ireland their has n't been any Christian terrorism in the 20th century.Seth J. Frantzman
 Mamdani 's book describes in detail what is dangerously absent in the media debates and discussions of terrorism . He asks -LRB- and largely answers -RRB- the question `` Why do they hate us ? '' For anyone interested in the fate of the United States and its foreign policy , this book is important . We can not combat terrorism without understanding its roots .
 With all due respect to the negative reviewers of this book
 This book and author were interviewed on Friday 16 April by Bill Moyers on PBS . Fascinating . The book is insightful and explains so much we in the west truly do NOT understand . All government officials need to read this ! Well written . Makes you think .
 The book was quite informative and very well written.I have not quite completed it , since I have had to reread many parts as well as footnotes . I will recommend it highly tersons who want a balanced perspective of world affairs .
 Delightful ! The author traces the roots of terror to politics and the product of the cold war . He argues against the demagogic claim that terrorism is linked to Islam , and proves his point by investigating the purposeful radicalization of political Islam by the United States in Afghanistan to defeat the Soviets.I thought his discussion of Jihad had its shortcoming when compared to traditional Islamic treatment of the subject , but the rest of the book is indeed worth the time .
 As an American , even one who disagrees with much of our foreign policy since the early 1980s , Good Muslim , Bad Muslim is a tough pill to swallow . If you 're the kind of person who needs the reassurance of a staunchly pro-American ideological screed to sooth your delicate sentimentalities and shore up your patriotism without questioning your beliefs , this is definitely not the book for you . But if you go into this book with an open mind , willing to have your preconceptions about your country challenged , you will learn a lot from it , albeit painfully.This book seems to have two main purposes
 This is the best of the forty or so books I have read recently on the results of recent US foreign policy , on forms of political Islam , on the roots and character of terror , as well as on common misperceptions . Chapter two on `` Culture Talk '' is itself worth the price of the book . The origins of our enemies in US policy , CIA training , even University of Nebraska contracted textbooks is damaging to the myths supporting US policies now.Discussion is painfully frank , honest , and thought provoking . Some will be unwilling to face this.The origins of the worst may be in the Reagan era and now with this preemptive war but Carter and Clinton 's errors are noted in what is a constructive rather than partisan analysis.The types and motives of political Islam is a useful antidote to the simplistic poisonous tripe so common from the Media and the Administration and even scholars who should know better like Lewis and Huntington.The summary of major costs of the focal Afghan War include , and continue to include , eroding democracy at home ; US blowback from the creation of international trained and experienced terrorist Alumni ; dramatic increases in Drug trade and users from financing methods of the wars ; increased incoherence and decreased communication between the CIA and FBI . One can add that Press self censorship and complicity recently rated the US as not in the top 20 world wide for having a `` free Press . '' The author does not mention that after first disarming then attacking Iraq the US ` bully ' inadvertently makes a case for nukes for all for some deterrent -LRB- remember that word ? -RRB- . The analysis of an commonality of irrational interest with Israel as another settler state and the discussion of the nature of suicide bombing will upset assumptions widely held but deserve thoughtful consideration.Read this book ! More importantly , THINK about what is said . Definitely worth buying . I 'm giving a copy to the local library too !
 &#60; P &#62; This is an inspired , disciplined , nuanced , Nobel-level book , and if it ends up saving America from itself , then it would surely qualify the author for the Nobel Peace Prize.This is the first of three &#34; must read &#34; books that I am reviewing today , and it is first because the other two are best appreciated after absorbing this one . The other two books are &#34; IMPERIAL HUBRIS '' and &#34; OSAMA 'S REVENGE . `` The main weakness of this book is the author 's lack of strong criticism of Pakistan , Egypt , and Saudi Arabia , and of other states that are corrupt , repressive , and therefore a huge part of the problem . Having said that , here are some of the key points : - &#34; West &#34; pioneered genocide , expulsions , and religious wars , with Spanish genocide of Indians in Americas , and Spanish expulsion of first the Jews and then the Muslims as critical starting points in understanding Muslim rage today - America adopted terrorism as a preferred means of fighting proxy wars in both Central America and Africa , when Reagan began &#34; rollback &#34; with the same neo-conservative advisors that guide Bush II today . - West has four dogmas as summed up by Edward Said -LRB- who is admired by the author -RRB-
 There are some outstanding reviews of this book by amazon readers ; additional description would contribute little . The aim of this book is twofold . First , it wants to demonstrate the extent to which the U.S. helped `` fuel '' terrorism through its own actions in Afghanistan . These actions were , according to Dr. Mamdani , an extension of the US desire to privatize and to rely on proxies to combat the Soviets during the Cold War . In fact , Dr. Mamdani refers throughout to the American , or U.S. jihad . -LRB- Note
 This is a fine book , a real eye-opener . For people who do n't have a lot of background in Islamist politics , the first half is a hard read because the issues are extremely complicated . However , this is good place to start if you want to try to begin sorting the threads of religious and political Islam . For US citizens with even a modicum of political background , the rest is a piece of cake , and fascinating . Especially interesting is reading about how the Clinton administration was shackled and thwarted as it tried to accomplished some of its more humanitarian objectives . While I believe that Mamdani is not an apologist for ` suicide ' bombings , some people are going to have difficulty with his explanation of this phenomenon , which he frames in light of Israeli aggression and compares to similar oppression and violent reactions in South Africa . In any case , it forced me to think of what drives this behavior , and how far humanity must be pushed to the wall in order to exhibit it . The final chapter is heart-wrenchingly poignant , and calls for a world-wide peace movement in the face of what the author believes to be one of the most volatile political scenarios in recorded history
 The book explodes the myth of the ` good ' versus the ` bad ' Muslim and renders baseless US claims that the war on terror is a war between good and evil , civilized and uncivilized peoples . Mamdani locates the origins of terror in American Cold War foreign policy and shows how Al Qaeda is a product of American efforts to ` contain ' and ` rollback ' communism . These efforts did not just produce ` Afghan jihad ' with all the pernicious apparatuses for terror supplied by the CIA , it also created conditions for the movement to grow into an independent organization targeting the Soviet infiltration of Afghanistan and later directing its ire against Egypt , Saudi Arabia and yes , the US . But for Mamdani , terror is not simply an anti-American thing ; rather , on many occasions American terror has had equally devastating consequences in Angola , Mozambique and Nicaragua . Reading this book leads you to understand whose definition of terror is in operation at the moment and why this definition receives lukewarm support in the international community . Mamdani knowledge of Islam in general and political Islam in particular is exceptional and his analysis of different strands of Islamic thought in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Morocco , Algeria is meticulously matched by his understanding of political processes in these countries . A must read book if you want to think outside the ` you are either with us or against us ` box .
 Mamdani , who is a professor of political science at Columbia , has written one of the best books on this topic . This book brings out issues that are often disregarded in the media . Mamdani provides a very clear and through analysis of the Islamic world and the origin of the modern tension between the U.S. and Muslim countries . I specifically liked his analysis of Reagan years . Overall , the book is well-written and all the claims in the book are supported with ample evidence .
 The blurb on the dust jacket says
 Mr. Mamdani 's book is a good read all through . His thesis is novel , arguments sound and conclusion is unbiased . His analysis of America 's cold war policy of transition from containment to rollback is an eye-opener . Specially noteworthy is his observation of how covert operations undertaken during Reagan era in order to bypass obtaining funds from tax-payers ' money through rampant act of aiding and abetting drug trafficking changed to Bush 's approach of privatizing military with similar goal of keeping American people in dark regarding its imperial policy in Iraq and elsewhere . Also , his arguments showing parallel mind sets of imperial Europe and modern America regarding the practice of democratic despotism is laudable . European historians always argued in favor of colonizing `` lower '' races with the ` sacred ' interest to civilise and enlighten them , the so called `` White men 's burden '' -LRB- Rudyard Kippling -RRB- and that mass slaughter -LRB- genocide -RRB- , mass starvation and plundering natural wealth and enslavement to feed industrial revolution in their home countries are but the ` collateral ' damages . Similar ` collateral ' damages inflicted on the Third world countries in the name of containment during cold war and globalisation following that era by America bears all the diagnostic features of imperial Europe . Finally , I share his frustration when he concludes by saying that whereas serious efforts are being made by the world at large to restrain the terrorism of Muslim origin , an absolute lack of similar efforts to check American and Israeli fundamentalism -LRB- the Judeo-Christian terrorism -RRB- gives a helpless feeling .
 Unfortunately , many Americans do not want to hear anything that criticizes the USA . If you prefer to keep you head in the sand and not learn a different perspective on history , please do not read this book.It is always important to keep an open mind and listen to others who view the world differently . Author Mamdani grew up in Africa , of Indian descent and teaches at Columbia University . In this book , he reviews the History of Islam & Politics , the Cold War , what has happened in Afghanistan and the current status of the `` War on Terror '' . Americans are in a dangerous place right now - not physically , but politically . Much of the country is divided into `` you 're either with me , or against me '' mentality . Many do not want to hear the truth , which is that the United States has made mistakes by supporting dictators , meddled in foreign affairs of governments and worst of all , have done so without a sound understanding of the people/regions we were trying to shape . The British too , made these mistakes and lost an Empire doing so.Will you always agree with the author ? No . This is a very challenging book to read . It throws a lot of history at you , gives you a very different perspective of what you were taught in school and hear in the media today . But that makes it all the more important to read . In order to succeed in what we want to do , we have to understand the world , other religions and other perspectives as they are , not what we wish them to be .
 I thought this book offered an excellent depiction of the difference between most Muslims and the Muslims who have engaged in terrorism in recent years . I originally came by this book after reading a review by Jonathan Fantini , at the Collegiate Forum . His review offered an excellent critique of the book . If your looking for a short highlight of the book , capitalreader.com also has a very good version.I applaud Mahmood Mamdani on this excellent book .
 This book really opens up your eyes . Mamdani goes into extraordinary depth about why terrorism in its modern form has been created , and what the United States had to do with it . I do n't think Mamdani is trying to defend terrorism or criminal acts at all ; I think he 's trying to provide rational backing to such acts , for the purpose of preventing a repeat twenty years down the road . Too often Americans play off muslims as crazy , primitive , unrational people who blow themselves up in the name of God , and their goal is simply to scare the masses . This is not true . Muslims and Middle Easterners in general are innately no different from anyone else , but they have unfortunately grown up in a part of the world that has been raped by the United States and colonial powers . Mamdani is trying to get us all to understand this grave history , so we can better understand the common Middle Easterner . If you walked into a High School classroom in the United States and asked how many students think that Middle Easterners still ride camels , your jaw would drop at the answer . We 're simply ignorant of history , as a people , unless it makes us look good , and feel patriotic . The kind of proxy wars that Mamdani writes about are not written down in the common textbook , because it 's something our government is not proud of . But we 've got to look the truth in the face and start treating the Middle East the same way we treat ourselves . Any people , ragardless of race or religion , who have been used by the West to this extent would surely fight back for independence .
 I saw the cover and I grabbed it up without reading the back because I thought it would be about religion . Much to my surprise and delight , the book was a thorough account of America 's foreign policy starting from Vietnam , Africa , South America , and then finally to Central Asia during what the author describes as the height of the Cold War
 When he tells us that the political sensibility of Western modernity `` sees political violence as necessary to historical progress , '' Mamdani reminds us of a fundamental flaw that should give us pause and elicit our individual and collective self-examination . When he tells us that this same sensibility `` is not horrified by pervasive violence , '' we should see ourselves as sharing in this same modern sensibility . And , in the same way that anticolonial violence was never merely `` an irrational manifestation , '' so we should see the rationality of contemporary terrorism as the political violence of `` yesterday 's victims . '' Americans in particular need to learn , as Mamdani tells us , that this political violence has been sustained by American assertions of hegemony -- a violence exercised by those who , as victims , have come to realize that the United States , as hegemon , `` understands nothing but force . '' Mamdani reminds us that we can not understand the events of 9/11 without comprehending its connection to America 's `` brazen embrace '' of political terror during the post-Vietnam Cold War era . I should think that we , as Americans , would be horrified , thereby , to realize that there is `` growing common ground between the perpetrators of 9/11 and the official response to it called ` the war on terror . ' '' Mamdani 's interpretive work is a must-read for anyone seeking a way beyond `` a war to the finish . '' Mamdani is a good teacher in our time in need of this teaching . If only the Western powers , and the Bush Administration in particular , would learn ...
 The author discusses the U.S. effort to overthrow Congo 's leader Patrice Lumumba in 1960 , because he was too independent . The West would n't help him suppress a rebellion in Katanga province sponsored by Belgian mining interests , so Lumumba turned to the Soviet Union for aid . The U.S then had an excuse to get rid of him . Mamdani shows how the mercenaries the U.S. used to crush a Lumumbaist rebellion in Kivu province in 1964-65 committed horrible atrocities . . Then Lumumba 's killer General Mobutu seized power and ravaged and looted the country with Western aid.The author notes that the U.S. and South African backed rebels in Angola , UNITA , were cited by Africas Watch as being behind the planting of the landmines that made Angola one of the amputee capitals of the world , laying siege to villages to starve civilians , kidnapping , and so on . This was another example of the U.S. opposing `` ultra-nationalist regimes '' that had to turn to the Cubans for aid . He shows how the U.S. encouraging of South Africa 's aggression against its neighbors undermined moderate tendencies in it and set back the end of apartheid . A State Department report concluded that the South African backed Renamo guerillas , which was supported by Bob Dole and the Heritage Foundation. , were responsible for 95 percent of the atrocities in Mozambique 's barbaric civil war . South Africa heavily invested in the U.S. media and Jerry Falwell.He discusses the libertarian tradition of Islam , i that allows for a participatory democratic and modernized `` Itjihad '' to interpret Sharia law . He shows how little jihad as `` holy war '' was part of the Islamic tradition before the Afghan war.He notes the U.S. began aiding the Mujahadeen at least six months before the Russians invaded . In March 1985 , the immortal Reagan compared them , the Mujahadeen , to our founding fathers . . The CIA approved the Saudi selection of Bin Laden as leader of the `` Arab Afghans '' and gave him the contract to build the Khost tunnel complex . Training of trainers for Pakistan 's mujahadeen camps took place in many bases in the U.S. . The majority of U.S. aid went not to the most viable political and military Afghan groups but to Gullubdin Heckmatyar 's Hizb-e-Islami . . Heckmatyar had during his younger days led mobs in throwing acid in the faces of women not wearing the veil . The CIA liked Heckmatyar 's warriors because they were the most brutal . Pakistan 's dictator General Zia and its ISI gave him control of Afghan refugee camps in Pakistan and he ruled them with murder and violence . He operated heroin factories just inside Pakistan , in Southern Helmand , . In 1988-89 , Heckmatyar ' and another Mujahadeen leader who enjoyed castrating landowners who refused to grow opium for him , fought the largest battle of the whole anti-Soviet war not against the Russians but each other for control of the opium growing and heroin processing business in the Helmand valley . Afghan war related CIA assets like Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman and Ramzi Yousef went on to many infamies including the WTC bombing in 1993 -LRB- he notes the trouble that an FBI regional director got into for pointing this out -RRB- . The CIA sponsored recruitment tours of the U.S. conducted by Sheikh Abdul Azzam , a founder of Hamas and Al Qaida . Today Pakistan produces 75 percent of the world 's heroin. , whereas before 1979 it produced almost none.The DEA was instructed to ignore Pakistan 's facilitation of the Mujahadeen heroin trade . The CIA Afghan operations head later said that the CIA should have to apologize for all this . The author should have noted that U.S. forces have recently been trying to assassinate Heckmatyar . The author goes over the previous CIA facilitation of the drug trade in France , Burma and Laos.The CIA worked with military officers from the fascist regime in Argentina and Israel in order to support the Contras in their early years , which were made up of right wing politicians and military officers formerly allied with the barbarian dictator Somoza , as even some U.S. funded Contra leaders like Arturo Cruz began to complain . Israel as proxy for the U.S. had supplied Somoza with 98 percent of his weapon in the last horrific months of his rule . Former CIA analyst David MCMichael testified that the U.S. hoped by Contra terror to provoke the Sandanistas to various atrocities to get ammunition to use against them.Mamdani quotes Oliver North 's notebook and the infamous 1985 CIA training manual about how U.S. backed Contra terror hoped to destroy Nicaragua 's economy and make the people of the country loose faith in the ability of the Sandinistas to provide security . The Notebook also quoted reports by North 's aide Robert Owen of drug running by Contra leaders . The biggest evidence is provided by the 1998 report of CIA Inspector General Frederick Hitz . Despite Hitz 's denials to the contrary the fine print of Volume 2 of the report revealed the CIA had worked with 58 drug running Contra officials and allied with the powerful Caribbean drug lord , Alan Hyde . The report also revealed that CIA director William Casey had made a deal in 1982 with the Justice Dept. that allowed the CIA not to report any drug dealings by its non-official employees.He points out how the U.S. deliberately destroyed Iraq 's infrastructure necessary for the maintenance of civilian life during Gulf War I , a war crime , then blocked Iraqi repairs of such things as water treatment plants on ridiculous grounds , causing horrible epidemics . It 's use of depleted uranium weapons in 91 ' and 03 has killed hundreds of thousands of children and infected U.S. troops with `` the Gulf War Syndrome . '' The U.S. , after Rumsfeld 's 1983-84 visits with Saddam , massively helped Saddam get materials for his WMD arsenal , and protected his gassing of Kurds from UN scrutiny . The U.S. then kept Saddam in power after Gulf War I , as the author quotes Thomas Friedman of the NYT . He notes the Shendon PR firm , the facilitators of the bogus baby incubator story back in 1990 was placed on contract in early 2002 by Rumsfeld 's OSI .
 Top quality , fast delivery , great price . It is amazing how convenient it is to buy such worthwhile books , and , unlike a library book , you can keep these purchases for future reference and make notes right in your books .
 This is an excellent book rooting terrorism in its political/historical context and contingencies . Apart from `` culture talk '' which obscures more than it reveals , Prof. Mamdani provides a coherent theory for the development of al-Qaeda . The story started when the U.S. government chose to win the war against Communism with whatever means necessary . The main method after Vietnam was proxy wars and covert operations . Why ? Because their conduct could be hidden from vigilant Congressional oversight and public scrutiny . The result was not only complicity in illicit trade -LRB- because covert operations can not be easily financed by public funds -RRB- , but also the support of vicious terrorist groups and organizations that deliberately targeted civilians to undermine the `` nationalist '' governments they were fighting and , hence , brought into question their ability to provide safety and security for the citizens and their property.Initially the U.S. government did not think of Islam as a challenger civilization . In fact Islam was perceived as anti-Communist and anti-nationalist . -LRB- Anti-nationlist before the Iranian revolution and the response to that was to back Iraq , despite its secular nationalism , because its brand of nationalism was sort of the lesser of the two evils . -RRB- Therefore , the Afghan Jihadis were wholeheartedly supported and even described as the moral equivalents of the Founding Fathers . The Jihadis were taught the state-of-the-art techniques of killing and destruction because they represented a tool to bleed the Soviet Union to death.From there one can start the story of al-Qaeda which is often presented as if al-Qaeda appeared out of the blue . Terrorists are made , not born . The analysis of Prof. Mamdani is somewhat reductionist as it fails to address the internal circumstances of Muslim societies . However , it is a great step toward understanding the foundations of the catastrophes we are witnessing today .
 Here is a book that will show you what is important about scholarship
 This book is a well-documented & footnoted description of the process which spawned Al Qaeda and the global Jihadist movement . It carefully and painstakingly describes the roots , ideological , financial & social of Islamic Terrorism . Interestingly , most publications about these terror groups seem to assume that history ceases around 1988 or so . Mamdani shows how the period between the late 1970s and the late 1980s was the crucial period during which various players , including and in no small part directly resulting from the actions of , the United States . His discussions of the Reagan-era of `` Rollback '' in many countries culminating in Afghanistan and how the techniques used by proxy armies which were trained by the CIA is particularly thoughtful and well documented.It is interesting to read other user posts who accuse mamdani of ignoring certain aspects of conventional US armed forces , such as the desire to and laudable attempts at avoiding civilian casualties . Because this book is largely about wars which were financed by the United States but fought by entities which were not made up of United States troops , this critique is essentially not valid since the target of Mamdani 's examination is not conventional US troops.There are a few examples of global al-jihad al-akbhar -LRB- `` Lesser Jihad '' or physical struggle , as opposed to `` Greater Jihad '' which is an internal personal struggle for purity and faith -RRB- which Mamdani does not address which run counter to his argument . For instance , the period of arab conquest directly following the death of the Prophet Mohammad in the 7th century AD as well as the Mughul conquest of much of the Indian subcontinent in the 16th century AD . Both of these are examples of Jihad-for-Conquest where the idea of a holy war was applied NOT within the context of a political struggle against modernity , communism , or the west . I would have liked to see mamdani address these earlier examples .
 As a British reader , it 's fascinating to read all the reviews of this book which describe it as `` biased '' . Having lived in the US for several months now , it is a constant source of astonishment to me how biased -LRB- pro-Israeli government -RRB- the US media is in covering the Israel-Palestine conflict.I 'm not just talking about the European media
 `` Good Muslim , Bad Muslim '' presents a set of historical facts that are seldom heard in the U.S about the nurturing relationship that U.S foreign policy has played in the development of Islamic terrorism . I thought the book did a reasonably good job of showing how U.S. conservatives like Ronald Reagan trained and funded jihadists from many nations so that they could `` bleed '' the Soviet troops occupying Afghanistan . Osama bin Laden , of course , was one of those terrorists.Mamdani conclusions on how to deal political Islamic terrorism seem valuable and correct.The book is flawed only in the style of writing used by the author . The first chapter on `` culture talk '' was hard to read because it gathered together too many `` insider '' opinions on Middle Eastern historians and their approaches to Islamic studies for most readers to follow . I quit the chapter half-way through and moved on to Chapter 2 . Despite Chapter 1 and some other disconnectedness in the Mamdani 's presentation and style , his ideas in the remainder of the book present valuable insights on the genesis and development of Islamic terrorism . The book is very much worth reading -- particularly by Americans who , in most cases , are in the dark of this subject .
 I think that this book , `` Good Muslim , Bad Muslim '' is one of the finest books that I have read on US foreign policy that has been written in the past 50 years . I am very impressed with the quality of the author 's scholarship and the quality of his writing and the quality of the insights that he makes . I agree with reviewer Steele , this might well be Nobel winning material . The author makes one gaff in which he provides constructive criticism regarding a US satellite nation 's atrocities and the tendency of America to not want to even acknowledge that nation 's errors . There were several times where I read material for which I wanted a reference , but it was not provided . The references are summed up in a scholarly manner at the end . I give the topic an A + and I give the quality of the writing an A . This is an excellent read and it is well worth the purchase price , new . It is one of those books that , if read , will change your outlook .
 I went back and forth on how many stars to give this book , and I finally decided on four , perhaps against my better judgement . The first chapter of the book was amazing and that chapter , for me , alone made the book worth the time . In this one chapter he was able to formalize a lot of ideas that had been swirling around in my head from the other books I have been reading . It was a great chapter dealing with US concepts of what Muslims are and how those concepts influence our actions but are really based on a flawed and one-sided perspective . A `` good '' Muslim is considered someone who supports US actions even though those very same actions could be detrimental for the `` good '' Muslim , while the `` bad '' Muslim is the one who defies the US . The problem with the concept of the `` bad '' Muslim is that it lumps all Muslims who disagree with US policy into one group , but the fact is that some of these people are not terrorists hell bent on destroying us but instead are people who have legitimate grievances with US policy . The first chapter was excellent.After the first chapter , though , the author flies off topic and never returns . Instead of following the first chapter 's theme and the tile 's theme the author spends the rest of the book critiquing US foreign policy of the last forty years . While a lot of the author 's critique is legitimate and well detailed , it has nothing to do with the title of the book . The author does n't even focus any of the remaining book on Muslims or Islam but instead focuses on US policy and only writes of Muslims in an ancillary way . Muslims and Islam is put on the periphery . This would be fine if the title of the book was `` US Foreign Policy '' but it is n't . The reason why I still give the book a good rating is that the information is good . This book is the first I have read that focuses on the CIA and US interventionist policies and carries that focus to its contemporary conclusion in this way . It 's linear which gives the reader a clear picture of where we were and how we got here.At the same time the author treats US policy as if it operates in a vacuum and is not affected by other factors domestic and foreign . Of course it is difficult to take that broad of a picture and condense it into three hundred pages , but I still see this as a flaw.All in all I do recommend this book . A lot of the material will be rehash for those well versed in the history of US foreign policy , but the way the author connects the dots I found to be worth the effort . Also the copy I read the notes were not numbered or identified in any way in the text , so the note section was completely worthless for me . I am assuming this was a mistake in my copy and not something that every other copy had as well .
 This book is yet another chronicle , and by a Muslim author too , of one of the momentous crimes of the 20th century , now coming to fruition in the 21st
 This book is a watershed in post 9/11 analysis . I am surprised that it was even published given how radically it departs from the propaganda machine of the Washington elite and the corporate media . While many experts on terrorism , Islam , and US foreign policy have discussed the US role in creating the Mujahideen and Osama Bin Laden , no one as dared to make the bold break from conventional wisdom that 9/11 is really about US foreign policy interests vis a vis the Cold War . In reading some of the other critical reviews , no one has really pointed out the weakness of this book , besides merely attaching labels like `` blame America first '' or `` Marxists '' or Terrorist Sympathizer '' , etc.One of the most important contributions from Professor Mamdani is his notion of `` Culture Talk '' in which he takes on the intellectuals of the right who advocated the Iraq invasion and other unnecessary brutal wars against Muslim world , namely Lewis and Huntington . Mamdani , harkens back to an Edward Said critique of Lewis and Huntington . He strips away and exposes the inherent , bigoted , and racist perspective of Lewis and Huntington who under the guise of an intellectual exercise , argue that Islamic culture is so different from the West and therefore requires some action on the part of the United States and Europe to modify or alter existing Muslim societies.He then sets out the roots causes which ultimately led to the rise of terrorism most notably al-Qaida and Usama Bin Laden , which in his view can not be extricated from the importance of US foreign policy in the Cold War . I think this is the strength of the book . While many apologists of a phony nationalist tendency post 9/11 America will dismiss this section as a `` blame America first '' policy , they will not be able to offer a contrary analysis or point to any material misrepresentations of the US role in Africa and the Muslim world during the Cold War . Instead , as extreme red state warriors , they merely retort with nationalistic screeds , defamation and demagogy.The last section was surprisingly bold and offered a different view of the cultural reason as to American support for Israel . Interestingly , Mamdani did not merely resort to the view of many critics of Israel that the Israeli lobby is to blame for the ability of Israel to literally get away with murder of Palestinians and Arabs without any repercussions . I found the notion of returning settlers as more acceptable to American sensibilities quite interesting , though I am not convinced entirely by his argument . Today , the rise of the Christian right as squelched any chance of American politicians and the corporate media offering some semblance of a balanced or even fair analysis of Israel.Finally , I offer two critiques of the book . I thought that Professor Mamdani could have provided more historical data and information about African history . For example , his discussion of Liberia and Sierre Leone with respect to the settler issue was completely new to me and required further background . Second , i did not like the end notes approach . I kept flipping back and forth from the text to the notes to see his sources . From a marketing perspective , it may be more appropriate to exclude footnotes . But from a reading perspective it was cumbersome . In totality , this book is an important and necessary contribution to understand the world in which we live in .
 Pushing Ice -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a standalone SF novel . In the far future , eighteen millennia from now , some descendents of the Terran species were trying to establish a suitable memorial for their political organization . Some suggested a fountain or other public work . Chromis Pasqueflower Bowerbird proposed sending messages to the Benefactor , wherever she might be , by scattering artifacts to all possible locations.In this novel , Bella Lind is Captain and manager of the Rockhopper , a comet chaser owned by Deepshaft Corporation . She has called a special meeting of her top staff to discuss a new assignment from corporate headquarters . The United Economic Entities has requested that the company send the ship to chase Janus.The former moon of Saturn has left orbit and is accelerating out of the system , Its trajectory indicates that it is heading toward Spica . Synthetic aperture images suggest the presence of a very large Structure in that system.Rockhopper is the only vessel capable to intersecting with the former moon . At the most , it would only have enough fuel to follow the moon for five days before decelerating and returning to the inner planets . The UEE is convinced that this effort could pay off big in new scientific paradigms.Svetlana Bardeghian is head of the engineering staff on the Rockhopper . She becomes suspicious about the fuel supply after noticing a glitch in the monitoring equipment . She checks the onboard message buffers and finds a discrepancy . Apparently Deepshaft is manipulating the data and lying to the Rockhopper crew about the available fuel.Svetlana takes this information to her boss , but Bella insists on checking back with headquarters . Naturally , the suits suggest that Svetlana has gone loopy and ask that the buffer data be rechecked . When that data confirms the earlier corporate statements , Bella puts Svetlana under house arrest.Then Janus changes its propulsive mode once it is far enough from the Solar System . Now it is using some sort of frameshift drive and dragging Rockhopper along in its slipstream . They are going to Spica unless they decelerate out of its frame.In this story , Bella begins to believe Svetlana and decides to tag along with Janus rather than risking the return attempt . Craig Schrope -- the new second in command -- leads a mutiny against Bella in order to return the ship to its owners . Then another crewmember turns the tables on the mutineers and restores Bella as commander.Janus is actually a large machine camouflaged as an ice moon . During its flight , the ice melts or falls away from the bow surface , exposing large machines , lava rivers and other inexplicable artifacts . The crew members land the Rockhopper in an excavated cradle on the ice at the stern and build a hamlet around it.Traveling at almost the speed of light , Janus will take about thirteen shipboard years to reach the Structure at Spica . Yet the moon does n't decelerate when they get close . Instead , it builds a shell completely around the moon.Shortly after they should have reached the Structure , seismic sensors record a shock toward the stern of the moon . Afterward , alien things appear to many of the crew in the vicinity of the seismic event . Several searches of the area are made , but nothing is found until a lander overflies the area.A circular piece is discovered on the ice within a shallow crater . The thing seems to be inert . Searching the shell above the crater , they find a hole to the outside . Apparently someone , or something , has cut their way into the shell.This story tells of the factions on Janus and their efforts to survive . Some of the machinery is adapted to generate power , but strange things happen to people within the machinery . Although they make themselves comfortable , tension becomes a way of life.After the aliens arrive , the Rockhopper crew begins to learn more about their surroundings . The Fountainheads are not the only aliens within the Structure . Then Bella touches an ancient artifact and the image of Chromis Pasqueflower Bowerbird appears before her as a hallucination . Her worldview has to undergo another change.The tale is enthralling most of the time , but the emotional reactions of the crew can drive the reader to distraction . Several times I had to put down the book and do other activities for a while . It was well worth the reading , but it was aggravating at times.Recommended for Reynolds fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of the far future , alien cultures , and human politics.-Arthur W. Jordin
 This is a great hard sf book by alastair reynolds , author of the somewhat anti-climatic inhibitors series . seamless use of time-dilation , future history and super-advanced tech , along with his penchant for writing aliens , make this a must-read . only major flaw is the somewhat prolonged rivalry/issues between the two main female characters . as others have noted later in the novel it becomes less of a logical plot development and becomes more of a plot device to move certain events forward.in any event , worth a read in hardback , particularly at the amazon price .
 This was a decent book by a great sci-fi author , Alastair Reynolds . Reynolds is one of my favorite sci-fi writers , one of those in the vanguard of re-defining space opera with his Revelation Space series . The RS series is vast , mind-blowing sci-fi , crammed with hard science and the social evolution of human society alongside new technologies . It is in my opinion as good as sci-fi gets . Pushing Ice is the second novel by Reynolds that is not part of the RS space opera . It bears his trademark hard science approach to science fiction and is a memorable tale of comet cowboys retasked to rendevous with an alien artifact exiting the solar system . The ice miners then `` accidently '' get sucked out of our solar system trapped in the wake of the alien , moon-sized , spacecraft.The story follows how the several hundred ice-miners , shut-off from earth space and essentially marooned on the equivalent of a deserted isle , must come to grips with each other , their permanent isolation , and the loss of everyone and everything they have ever known , while at the same time trying to forge a dicey and bleak existence . Friendships are tried , a mutiny ensues , and the nascent society is polarized into opposing camps with long-running enmities . Enmities which fester even through building a new society , first contact with alien society , and stunning revelations that the tiny band of humans must confront as they progress in space and time.While this is a good story and a worthy , enjoyable read , I can not say that I enjoyed it as much as the RS series and I suspect there is one reason why . In the RS series Reynolds creates multiple technologies which foster multiple societies over many star systems . This is a vast canvas upon which to paint ideas , and create , create , create . In Pushing Ice we have a micro-society with extremely limited resources who have neither the human or scientific capital to create mind-blowing societies driven by mind-blowing technologies . The story here is driven inter-personal rivalries more than science and while this creates an interesting story , in the end it simply ca n't compare to the inspiring visions Reynolds creates which he sets his hand to macro space opera rather than micro science fiction.If you have read the RS series and need an enjoyable science fiction fix then treat yourself to this one . It 's a good story , with the occasional gem , such as the slogan
 It is rare I can read 3 scifi novels in a row and want to rate them all with 4 or 5 stars . Rainbows End by Vernor Vinge and Glasshouse by Charles Stross were two of my favorites this year . Pushing Ice is at that level too . Alastair Reynolds has definitely been the author to watch and to continue to watch and read in the future . He ability to tell an interesting and thought provoking tale has gotten better with time . This was one of those books I could not put down . You can read previous reviews and tell what the book is about , I just wanted to give it 5 stars because it is hard to find a great scifi book on the level of the old Arthur Clarke or Robert Heinlein novels but this qualifies . I hope it is nominated for some awards this year !
 In Alastair Reynold 's Pushing Ice , the crew of the comet-mining spacecraft Rockhopper are sent on a mission by their company to investigate Saturn 's moon Janus . The reason for the investigation ... Janus has mysteriously begun accelerating away from Saturn and appears headed out of the Solar System . Long range images show the layer of ice encircling the moon breaking away as it accelerates , revealing tantalizing glimpses of very alien machinery . As the crew of the Rockhopper approach the former moon , new details are discovered about the alien device , details that lead the crew of the Rockhopper to take a desperate gamble , a gamble that they hope will lead to answers about what the former moon actually is and who sent it ... but it is most certainly a gamble that will irrevocably change the lives of everyone aboard the Rockhopper.Pushing Ice is quintessential Reynolds . Humans living in a future society encounter something that is intrinsically alien -LRB- some kind of structure , machinery , etc. -RRB- ... but not just alien , alien that is far , far superior to our technological level . The Humans then spend the story trying to determine why the aliens abandoned it , or left it to be found , many millenia later.Despite -LRB- or perhaps because of -RRB- Reynolds ' formula , I ca n't help but enjoy his tales . They are simply littered with clever ideas and remarkable technologies . Pushing ice is no exception . Janus is a mystery worthy of the characters Reynolds creates . You hurt when they hurt , you care about what they care about , but more to the essence of the story , you feel wronged when they are wronged ... either by each other , or outside entities . Characters like this are definitely worth turning the pages for.The main issue I had with the novel was that it took way , way too long for the story to really get moving . After more than seventy-five pages you knew that Reynolds what still setting up his story , providing exposition and background ... but the exposition and background just kept going , it was well past the first third of the story before the book really started to pick up and progress to a point where it felt like `` things '' were actually happening , and not just more backstory being given.Nonetheless , I ca n't help but enjoy reading Reynolds ' tales . They are simply fraught with the stuff that makes science fiction worth reading ... great characterizations and a plot that ties up well , but still leaves you wanting more .
 There are a number of reviews which address both the `` sci '' and the `` fi '' of the novel and many which explain the premise and progression of the story . So I 'm going to be brief and add an observation I do n't think has been brought to the evaluation of the book . Yes , it 's space opera . Yes , it addresses the near and far distant future and yes it includes a number of interactions with aliens . Interactions I found to be fascinating and plausible.My point here is that all of these things are revealed through the evolution of the love/hate relationship of the two women who are the windows through which these events are viewed . It 's the `` war '' not the tech or the aliens , or even the time in space that is the real vehicle for the story of the Rockhopper . Whose perspective is the right one ? How are the other officers and crew supposed to decide who or what to believe and to choose ? Who will ultimately prove to be `` right '' or `` wrong '' and how do you restart a society if what you 've left behind may never be regained and you really have no idea what the future may hold ? Oh ... . and how far do you follow leaders who make decisions you question when it 's the good of the whole group that is still really at stake?Speaking as a woman who has had deep and long-lasting friendships that have been greatly tested by time and events I can tell you that love and hate both come from depth of feeling and it 's not always easy to determine if what 's necessary is also what 's right . Do you trust the Fountainheads because Bella does ? Do you take a chance on the Musk Dogs because Svieta so completely mistrusts Bella 's decision-making process ? Because in the end , the crew had made choices about who they believed and the `` who is good and who is bad '' played out through those filters.First contact will be made by individuals who may be in that position for any number of reasons . For that matter , the whole of human history has played out on the backs of those who made the big decisions , those who carried them out and the ones who wrote about it later.For good or ill , at it 's heart , Pushing Ice is about people and a series of life-altering events as they experienced them and I enjoyed it immensely.But that 's also just my opinion and I wo n't be exiling anyone who disagrees !
 _ Pushing Ice _ by Alastair Reynolds is a riveting space opera with an epic scope to it , yet at the same time an excellent tale of an unimaginably isolated community of people.I do n't know how much to reveal in a review of this book for fear of spoiling it for a future reader . The premise is that the -LRB- starting -RRB- year is 2057 and the ship _ Rockhopper _ was operating in the cold , distant reaches of our solar system . The ship , led by Captain Bella Lind , has as its mission mining comets . One day it got a new mission , completely unlike any it had ever gotten before . It seemed one of Saturn 's ice moons , Janus , was leaving its orbit and heading out of the solar system at high speed under its own power . No human was doing this , so clearly aliens were responsible . Aliens have not been discovered prior to this and humanity had yet to leave the solar system so this is a major event . Who are these beings , how are they doing this , and why ? _ Rockhopper 's _ masters back on Earth order Captain Lind to investigate , as they are the only ship close enough to Janus to reach it and examine it.Bella acknowledged the order , but apparently a strong thread of democracy ran through her command or perhaps ships in general in this setting and a vote is taken . Though it is pretty close and there are definite factions on the ship who want to return home , ending an already lengthy mission , Lind got the majority of the crew 's blessing to continue on after the Janus.However not everyone was happy and there were people , even among those who initially gave at least tentative support to the mission , who developed what they felt were legitimate reasons not to proceed . One of them was Lind 's best friend , Svetlana Barseghian , who in her position on _ Rockhopper _ was concerned that they did n't have enough fuel to reach Janus and then return safely to Earth or even rendezvous with another ship . Bella listened to her friend and investigated but felt that Svetlana was wrong while Svetlana began to feel she was being belittled and not listened to or respected . When Bella pointed out that the ship 's data did n't back up Svetlana 's assertions , Svetlana then said that the data had been tampered with to get the crew of _ Rockhopper _ to believe the mission to be a safe one . Thus began a conflict that would have major repercussions throughout the rest of the novel . The ship fractioned once again , one side convinced that they did have the fuel to make the mission work and that the mission was a important one , perhaps the most important ever in human history , the other side believing that the mission was a death sentence , that they were being sent on a suicide mission by an uncaring corporation and government that only wanted the data - not them - to return home.Just to end my review right there might be enough , as the tension was well done and I really did n't know how it was going to turn out . I will say that the book 's scope spans many years of life among the crew of _ Rockhopper _ , that following and studying Janus was just the beginning of an introduction to a future and a wider universe that the crew would never have imagined . Many years past during the course of the book , the narration picking up after multiyear gaps , telling through the actions and words of the characters and the story itself what had happened in the interim . Though many things change one constant does remain through the book , the great enmity between Bella and Svetlana , an enmity that had shaped all events in the course of the novel.I liked the book , it was enjoyable . While it was not one of my all-time favorite space operas it had a lot going for it . The characters felt real , the aliens when they are encountered are pretty alien , and there are many unanswered mysteries at the end , which one might possibly view at least a few as loose ends but to me felt more like the author was trying to give to the reader a sense of wonder and awe about the universe . Humanity seemed kind of small sometimes , alone with few friends in a cold , vast , alien , uncaring universe , and that the powerful technology of the future can also similarly be cold , uncaring , and dangerous to humanity , not out of any sense of maliciousness but because it is almost like a force of nature , that once a certain threshold is passed humanity is more at its whims than its master -LRB- reminding me of some of the themes in one of Reynolds ' other works , _ Century Rain _ -RRB- . It is a stand alone novel though I would n't mind exploring what happened next to the various characters .
 I must admit that I worried after the wonders of Revelation Space , Redemption Ark , and Absolution Gap that Pushing Ice would be just another novel riding off of the author 's original fame . I was greatly happy to find that this was not the case.Pushing Ice is the story of a crew sent in desperation to follow a rouge planet as far as their fuel could take them . But everything they have been told , as well as everything they may think , is wrong . Throughout the ages that pass friendships are tested , enemies made , and a future scraped out on the ice . But , more than a wonderfully realistic and enveloping space opera , Reynolds provides a human drama that propels the crew of the spaceship Rockhopper into its inevitable destiny ...
 In `` Pushing Ice , '' Mr. Reynolds once again starts out with a classic sci-fi plot -- a team of explorers sent on a new mission to explore a runaway moon of Saturn -- and layer by layer turns it into fascinating speculation on future tech that ends with the highest possible tech -- the kind that works exactly like magic.Along the way -LRB- and maybe that way is a bit too long -RRB- there 's a first-contact story -LRB- complete with strange aliens indeed -RRB- , accidents aboard the ship , a mutiny , and two great characters , the mission captain , Bella Lind , and her chief engineer , Svetlana Barseghian , who have a long-lasting love-hate relationship.Lind , the more cautious of the two , tends to be by the book , and to heed the caution signs . Barseghian , restless , claustrophic , stubborn -LRB- maybe you 'll feel like you 'd want to slap some sense into her if you ever met her -RRB- , seems to like breaking the rules in order to right wrongs.Reynolds is great at taking genre cliches and turning them on their head . At the start , you 're likely to feel superior and to think , `` oh yeah -- I know what 's going to happen next . '' But you wo n't . The plot resolves itself nicely , leaving only a few loose ends for a possible sequel , should the author care to write one . But that 's hardly mandatory.Another great job by an always-fascinating author who 's not afraid to challenge his readers .
 For the first time in many a year I have read a book that makes you stop every chapter and go `` Wow '' . Like the first time I read Childhood 's End , or the first time I read Ringworld , or saw 2001 this book blew my mind over and over again.It has just about every SF concept going
 I really enjoyed this book with the exception that the story was slightly disjointed at times . There are sudden jumps in the story and one in particular in which a large chunk of plot seems to suddenly go missing . Aside from these short comings , however , The science & plot work well together . The characters are reasonably complex & the universe captivating .
 PUSHING ICE is a near-perfect science fiction space opera . Notice the operative words `` near-perfect '' . My only complaints -LRB- small -RRB- are the title -LRB- mundane -RRB- , the reference to contemporary themes , music & films -LRB- a common problem in sci-fi literature -RRB- and the sometimes confusing description of movement within structures -LRB- ... `` turning right down the gray encarpment was a low shiny mound veering outward , one arm leading to a low rampthat beneath a 3 km high dome with radiating swirls of paths that circled behind the second pathway ... '' -RRB- Alastair Reynolds has found his niche with this type of book and that is fortunate . There are not many tales this long that can hold your interest and retain suspense . Once again , the genius is the backflash -LRB- a common but commonly misused practice -RRB- . In this case , the novel opens at a meeting of a Galactic Congress 18,000 years in the future . One politicians wants to honor the `` Benefactor '' , an almoast mythical woman who somehow gave birth to a jump in technological progress . In fact they have her DNA and have recorded her voice which is played to the hushed gathering ... `` I 'm Bella Lind ... and you 're watching CNN . '' I was hooked.The story has been told and retold but Reynods is , if nothing else , a master storyteller and in his hands the saga becomes a new creature . A mining ship is ordered to follow Janus , a moon of Saturn that has suddenly departed from its orbit . Of course it is an alien vessel bound for a distant enormous tube-like structure -LRB- several solar systems could fit inside -RRB- that is divided into sections . The real story , as in all Reynold 's novels , resides in the human relationships . Here , it is the story of two strong women - Bella , the captain and Svetlana , head engineer . Along the way there is a mutiny , end of friendship , murder , and First Contact.Each First Contact story approaches the idea from a different point of view and this is no exception . Like CONTACT , the galaxy is rife with intelligent life but the mystery is why they have not colonized the entire galaxy by now . Throwing a monkey wrench into the action is the politician mentioned in the prologue . She has pushed for the idea of sending an object back in time as a gift for the benefactor . Of course one is discovered and used ... but that 's enough - read the book.A + for dialogue , characterization -LRB- particularly the minor ones that in many books appear and vanish -RRB- , originality , story and resolution . Many times when male authors attempt a heroine , the result is not satisfactory but in this case , the author attempted not only one but two major heroines and the effort seemed flawless . Great Book .
 As other reviews mention , there are some problems with the SF nuts and bolts in this book . MacGyver could teach the protagonists a few lessons in EVA rescue techniques . But I found the problems to be minor distractions in an otherwise excellent story.Reynolds tried to do something pretty hard here
 Alastair Reynolds ' PUSHING ICE deserves ongoing mention as a top pick , set in 2057 where humanity is making a living exploiting the solar system 's riches - and telling of a nuclear-powered ship which makes its living mining comets . When one of Saturn 's moons leaves orbit and heads out of the solar system at high speed , Rockhopper is the only ship nearby able to respond , and finds itself tailing a mystery . Swift action and intrigue marks a story with many twists and turns.Diane C. DonovanCalifornia Bookwatch
 This is Reynolds 's best storytelling yet . As a fan of hard science fiction , I 've always immensely enjoyed his technological inventions , which this novel has to a somewhat lesser degree than in earlier works . The chief selling point of this novel
 I was introduced to Reynolds through the `` Revelation Space '' series which I enjoyed greatly - though like many others I was more fond of the first two books in the series . I have read other Reynolds novels , and though I greatly admire his ideas , technology , and intricate plots - I must say that I never really care for his characters . It is not that they are not complex with well-defined motivations , I just do n't like them - which sometimes makes it hard to turn the next page if you really are not rooting for the protagonist . `` Pushing Ice '' was they first of Reynolds novels where I really enjoyed and came to root for the players in the drama . It was actually a little tough to get moving for me from the outset , but by the time it comes around to the 3rd act , it is a wonderful , mind-bending read that stayed with me long after I had put the book down .
 Reynolds has come up with an interesting idea of how alien races might actually make contact with each other in a universe whereintelligence is rare . This is hard science fiction , not seen much these days . No flashy warp drives . No aleins that look and thinklike humans . And as you would expect in the real world , difficult for humans to understand intelligent critters and machines thatare a couple of million years more advanced than they are.Matter of fact in some ways the aleins are more believeable than many of the human characters in the book . That and the fact thatthe story seems to ramble on in some places and then jump 10 or 20 years in others is the only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 . While the characters and writing might have been a bit better , the basic story is fairly original . Or at least a freash take ona very old theme . I give Reynolds a lot of credit for that . And for doing it without taking too many liberties with the realphysical universe .
 Unlike most of his space opera novels , Pushing Ice is set in a different universe than the one of the Inhibitors . This gives Reynolds the freedom of a new history and new ideas , but he keeps the high speed but not FTL travel that is a hallmark of much of his space opera.The story begins as a frame story set some thousands of years in the future , on a distant planet . The polity gathered there have done so to honor the person they consider responsible for the existence of their civilization and progress , and a debate is to be had on just what is to be done to honor her.The story then cuts back to that founder 's story , in the 21st century solar system . Bella Lind operates the Rockhopper , a ship designed to mine comets for ice in the outer solar system . Its not the easiest work and job out there . And when the Saturnian moon Janus suddenly starts acting more like a high speed alien spacecraft than a moon , the Rockhopper is dispatched to try and rendevous with it before the moon leaves the solar system . However , events conspire so that the Rockhopper is caught and trapped in the moon 's wake , for a long journey in store to the star Spica ... Interesting and plausible factions aboard the rockhopper . Neat use of technology of medium-term human , far-future human , and alien technology . There are even multiple BDO -LRB- Big Dumb Objects -RRB- , with Janus , and the strange complex at Spica that the moon speeds toward . It 's a classic space opera part with 21st century sensibilities , and Reynolds works hard to make it work.Sure , his characterization skills are n't as strong as some authors , but Reynolds does n't make them into complete cardboard cutouts -- characters simply are n't his forte . -LRB- I can sympathize , believe me ! -RRB- Reynolds does much better when he is playing with technology and ideas than with the faction leaders Bella and Svetlana , but one must admit that if this novel was written 20 or 30 years ago , its dead certain that these two characters would have been unavoidably male . I do n't think that , even then , the characterization would have improved . The female characters never feel like they are `` men in drag '' . Still , sometimes for a F&SF ; reader , nothing less than space opera will do , and despite its relatively shallow faults , I was thoroughly and completely entertained and satisfied with the journey of the Rockhopper and its crew in Pushing Ice . Fans of Reynolds will enjoy this novel . If you have n't tried any of his Inhibitor novels , Pushing Ice works very well as a standalone introduction to Reynolds work and style .
 There 's a Douglas Adams story about a culture in which a book is a certain number of words , no fewer than that numerical target and no more.This reader has the decided impression that something like that idea was governing the author of ` Pushing Ice ' - an otherwise brilliant SciFi story that i reccommend to every SciFi Fan ! Be honest , even those who enjoy a good techno-thriller are advised to seriously consider this against the works of dale brown , steven coonts & tom clancy!For 90 % of the book , the story is a compelling page-turner , the characters believeable and have depth , - the reader has the sense that you 're right alongside , watching the events as they unfold!In other words - the first 90 % is exemplary as the author 's craft at his best.Then he goes and throws it away in the last ten percent by just ` giving up ' . Did he write without having a clear ending in mind , or did he just get fed up with the project ? Or does it show really really bad editing by his publisher?Whichever , it 's really not important . The story IS important . It works on a multitide of levels and shuld be made into a movie . But with a more satisfying conclusion . Read this book !
 As we all know , it 's getting harder and harder to find decent SF out there among all the swords and dragons . I had almost resigned myself to the fact that I 'd outgrown science fiction , but this book gave me new hope . I bought Pushing Ice almost reluctantly , expecting another tired version of Sphere or Eon or Ringworld even , where the plot boils down to a group of adventurers ooh-ing and aah-ing as they wander aimlessly through an inconceivably immense and inscrutable alien artifact to no ultimate purpose whatsoever.Was I ever wrong . This book could have come right out of the Golden Age of Science Fiction -- right up there with the Foundation Trilogy . It 's a bit hard to get into
 The story starts off in the not too distant future with the crew of a ship that mines comets . When the Saturnian moon , Janus , suddenly pulls out of orbit around Saturn and starts heading for interstellar space it is apparent that it is not a moon at all but a long dormant alien artifact . The mining crew are the only ones in a position to try and intercept the fleeing ship and getting some sort of answers.There is a problem . Fuel is tight but the business consortium back home assures them that there is enough and that a rescue operation will be mounted . The company wants them to make the trip no matter what because their belief that the information beamed back will make them all rich . They are so greedy that they are willing to lie and sacrifice the crew making the trip
 Once again , Alastair Reynolds shows us is ability to write stories able to renew our sense of wonder.His previuos stories in general and this one in particular have a scope which is often lacking in other authors.The momentum builds step by step , even if allowing for some respite form time to time , making the storyline more credible but still maintaining the general focus.The scope of the overall story is also magnified by the point of view of the narration , that of a small community with all its human , sometimes petty , interactions ; this makes a nice contrast with the dramatic adventure they are living , something that would take away the breath of many but would also make every one dream about . It sometimes reminded me about Omero 's Odissey , with a bunch of people thrown into something they did n't choose but that they go along with as best as they can.I also liked the way Alastair Reynolds takes relativity -LRB- which sincerely often sucks , giving you a sensation almost of `` imprisonment '' by the laws of phisics -RRB- and uses it to widen the time-scope of the story.Definitely a do n't - miss if you like hard sf with some adventure added as a bonus ; I ca n't wait for his next book .
 Usually I write a review only if I dislike something about a book . I rarely bother to write good reviews , because every book gets so many of them . In this case , however , I have to make an exception . For any fan of hard science fiction , `` Pushing Ice '' is AWESOME ! It 's got everything
 It 's true that one does n't read Alastair Reynolds for deep characterization or profound emotional nuance . Those sorts of details simply are n't his forte . Indeed , he 's just not very good at interpersonal relationships . There 's a distinct lack of sophistication in his characters ' motivations , and sometimes his dialogue is ham-fisted , cliched , trite or simply banal.But I still find myself rooting for his characters , rather than being too annoyed with them . I think it 's because of what Reynolds is terribly , terribly good at -- the world-building and science and big ideas . Those parts are simply really , really good . And the good stuff is good enough to buffer me from what is n't . In fact , this is one of his better novels . Certainly better than the very mediocre Century Rain , which displayed some of his clunkiest dialogue and characterization ever.Recommended !
 When I saw `` Pushing Ice '' in the bargain bin , I almost passed it up . I was not an Alistair Reynolds fan ; the only novel I 'd read had left me unimpressed . Still , for a few bucks , I gave it a shot . Am I ever glad that I did ! `` Pushing Ice '' is a first-rate piece of science fiction , and I am now officially on the Reynolds bandwagon.The story follows the crew of the Rockhopper , a late 21st century comet-mining ship . On a routine mission , they are ordered to abandon operations and set a course to rendezvous with Janus , a moon of Saturn that has mysteriously broken orbit and begun accelerating toward the star Spica . The crew struggle against time and betrayal to reach the fleeing moon , now revealed to be an alien artifact of immense size and power . When the ship gets caught in Janus ' spacetime wake , they face a life-or-death choice
 Reynolds continues to spin fine hard SF yarns - this one not set in his Revelation Space universe . Comet & asteroid miners are diverted from their task as one of Saturn 's moons begins to exit the solar system . They are uniquely positioned to give chase , and the interstellar adventure begins . Credible character development and good science make this a must read for hard SF fans .
 I found Pushing Ice an excellent tale , and further proof that for Alastair Reynolds there is definitely life after his Inhibitor novels . The crew of mining spacecraft Rockhopper find themselves embarking on an unexpected voyage of discovery , after Saturn 's tiny moon Janus starts to behave very oddly . This has similarities with Clarke classic Rendezvous with Rama , with added corporate politics and interpersonal friction . Some characters remain relatively undeveloped , but most are convincing , as is the future technology , which is impressive but never infallible . Credible aliens and gigantic space structures help this novel to evoke a fine , old-fashioned sense of wonder .
 This is the second SF novel I 've read written by Alastair Reynolds -LRB- the first wasRevelation Space -RRB- . I 've found both interesting , and I look forward to tracking down additional novels by Reynolds.In Pushing Ice , Reynolds develops unique situations , space cultures , and the correct mix of `` Hard '' and `` soft '' science fiction . The strangeness of Janus , mutiny in space , crime and punishment , the Fountainheads , Chromis ... you should find all of these snippets interesting in themselves , but Reynolds weaves them into an entertaining yarn . I really could n't wrap my mind around the `` Musk Dogs '' and their behaviors , but their description was not as significant as their actions.Entertaining SF ! Enjoy .
 One of his very best books to date . And that is saying something . Reynolds is the best hard Sci-Fi writer out these . His ideas are highly original AND he can tell a pacey exciting story . What a great read .
 Pushing Ice is at its core about a fight between two close friends . The twist is that this fight takes place on a comet mining ship that is pursuing an alien artifact , the conflict between the two quickly escalates to encompass the entire crew of the ship and advanced technologies come into play as the true nature of the alien artifact is revealed . Ok , it sounds a little familiar . After the more experimental Century City , Pushing Ice is Reynold 's take a crack at some of the more established themes in hard SF and does a very good job of it.Not to say there are n't faults . Some parts of the novel , especially those dealing with the more advanced technological aspects seem pared back . Also , the novel starts slowly only to race to a finish as things get interesting . Still , at a little under 400 pages there is no dearth of material.As with his earlier work , Pushing Ice is loaded with scienctific concepts real -LRB- relativity -RRB- and hypothetical -LRB- femtotech -RRB- . What is surprising is how well this technology is integrated into the story line . Infodumps are a mainstay of hard SF and it is refreshing to see it handled so well here . Another well handled device is to have the characters and by implication the reader essentially traveling blind . There is an element of mystery and surprise present throughout the entire novel which keeps the pages turning.For those who have enjoyed Reynolds ' previous books this one will not dissapoint . For those who have not yet read his other work , this is the one to start with .
 Alastair Reynolds 's novels are reliably fascinating at the `` big idea '' level . He 's got a truly first rate hard-SF imagination , and the chops to take cool ideas and reveal them via action plots , often hiding the really neat ideas convincingly until the end . He is a `` light speed limit '' author , and fascinated with Deep Time . And all this describes Pushing Ice quite excellently.The novel opens with a curious prologue set 18,000 years in the future , describing an ambitious plan to celebrate the legendary Benefactor who started humanity on the road toward expansion into the Galaxy . Then we get a flashback to 2057 , and the story of this Benefactor , a woman named Bella Lind . Bella is the captain of an ice mining spaceship , the Rockhopper . This ship is diverted to chase a moon of Saturn , Janus , which has suddenly accelerated and headed out of the Solar System
 After his hugely successful debut quartet -LRB- Revelation Space , Chasm City , Redemption Ark , and Absolution Gap -RRB- Alastair Reynolds has begun widening his range . Century Rain and his latest , Pushing Ice , are set in different universes from each other , and from the shared universe of the first four books . And whereas Century Rain takes place at a time intermediate between the present and that of Revelation Space , Pushing Ice starts in the near future - 2057 , to be precise . As to where it ends ... well , that would be telling.The action begins when Janus , one of Saturn 's moons , mysteriously leaves orbit and accelerates towards the edge of the Solar System . The only vehicle in position to intercept its path is the nuclear-powered mining ship Rockhopper , with its crew of 145 captained by Bella Lind . At the request of Deepshaft , the owners , Bella asks the crew if they are willing to take the unknowable risks involved . Swayed by the promise of huge bonuses , a majority votes to go for it , and the chase is on . But instead of three days of high acceleration , a week of observation , and laughing all the way home to the bank , they soon find themselves fighting for their lives.It would be wrong to give away any more of the plot , as its effectiveness rests largely on a series of surprises that go on right to the end of the book . Suffice it to say that , while slowly but steadily building up the tension and introducing us to a wide cast of characters , Reynolds weaves in some fascinating technical ideas - from an effective method of freezing dying people for future resuscitation to the potential implications of femtotech -LRB- a step beyond nanotech -RRB- and relativistic time compression . Watch out , too , for some mind-boggling aliens
 Very nice near-future `` hard '' SF , the kind you do n't see much of anymore . The science is solid enough for most fans to adequately suspend disbelief . The level of technology is not so displaced from our own that you ca n't relate , a problem I have had with some of Reynolds ' other works.I , too , thought the main relationship theme was a bit overused . Most of it did add to the story , but after the halfway point it seemed more of a contrivance.I would have liked to have seen the main alien race fleshed out more , and some solid conclusions arrived at concerning their motives . I suppose if you 're setting up for a series some of that is to be expected.All in all a great read . The best from this author since Chasm City .
 I 've enjoyed Alastair Reynolds ' books since I stumbled upon Revelation Space . I was a bit disappointed by Century Rain - partly because I just wanted more in the Revelation Space series ... partly because it did n't live up to the promise of Reynolds ' earlier books . I enjoyed reading it , but not as much as I 'd hoped.Pushing Ice is an improvement ... it 's a good solid epic space story . Reynolds has a knack for good ideas and good characters , and it shows in Pushing Ice . There 's a particular conflict in the story that does n't quite work for me ; unfortunately it 's central to the plot , but it felt a bit forced -LRB- like these people should have known better -RRB- . I could have done with a bit more explanation/exploration of the bigger picture , too . Regardless , I really enjoyed the story and am looking forward to his next book .
 Pushing Ice being my 9th Alastair Reynolds novel -LRB- excluding the already read Zima Blue and Galactic North story collections -RRB- , you could say I 'm kind of experienced when it comes to the realm of the science fiction of Reynolds , and of modern space opera at that.The start is a little confusing with a profusion of job oriented individuals aboard a mining ship . This is quickly dispensed with as the plot builds . With the sudden announcement that their mission will be refocused to intercept a self-powered moon of Saturn , the crew becomes split whether to head into deep space after the anomalous craft or to stay put closer to earth . As the time elapses during their solar system traversing , it becomes abundantly clear to engineer Svetlana that the fuel situation is n't as it should be . This is the major crux of the novel when Svetlana feels belittled by her knowledge even with years of experience , feels betrayed by her captain and friend and future arch enemy Bella , and feels victimized and persecuted by her own company . Her victimization and intuition play an important role in her stance among the sympathetic crew . This is only within the first third on the novel , too!The next third of Pushing Ice reads much like Kim Stanley Robinson 's Red Mars where the colonists -LRB- unwilling colonists on the once-moon Janus -RRB- form a government , trek across a barren and mysterious landscape and deal with unending problem of a social being also being opinionated and fractional at the same time . Growing pains are felt , sentences are dealt and egos take a pelt.The remaining third reads much like Charles Stross ' Accelerando , where the characters are subject to rapid changes in technological advancement towards the singularity . In Accelerando , this scientific singularity approaches rapidly when the cast are hammering out new thingamajigs every other page as they explore their every changing social standing . In Pushing Ice , this singularity is being limited by the aliens which have benevolently coddling them along in the years . We see the colony grow , the hate come to a slow and the possibilities glow.The only hitch holding back this niche of humanity is the witch-with-a-b cat fighting . Svetlana is a conniving demon breed of women who spits fire and never forgets past transgressions . Bella , on the other hand , has a mild temper , has the patience of a saint even while in exile and is able to forgive her captors . The reoccurring flares of Svetlana 's hatred towards Bella and her distrust of any second-hand information is a serious annoyance , enough to drop the entire novel from a 4.5 star rating to a 3.5 star rating . You 'll just want to yell at the book , `` Get it over it woman ! Jesus ! `` Reynolds pens a pretty good novel here . A great addition is added to the novel , that addition which we see in the opening
 Enjoyable ride through time from modern ages to the far far future of the universe . The action starts out slowly enough as the crew begin their journey but it builds speed with a nice deliberate pace . The scope and depth of the book accelerate inevitably and irresistibly along with the central characters themselves . One of my favorite aspects of the book is that it is paced very much like climbing a mountain . Just when you reach what appears to be the peak , you realize there is even more to come , beyond what you had previously imagined.The physical description of the effects of close-to-light travel is also quite enjoyable and is one of the features one would expect from Reynolds , as a former scientist and a noted hard-sci-fi writer . I tend to have a soft spot for stories that follow human civilization through a rapidly accelerating future history , in particular those that explore technological singularity or singularity-like events , and this one satisfies .
 This was a very good read . It did start slow , but it really hooks you . And it felt to me as though it were several books in one . I loved the balance between political intrigue , personal passion , and science . While not perfect , it was a good adventure .
 This is the best scifi novel I have read for a while , goes above and beyond the author 's revelation space series . It has real characters , good description of spaceflight in the next few decades , a mystery which really shocked me when revealed -LRB- did n't see that coming -RRB- , plus big ideas and revalations about intelligent life in the universe . Everything fits together perfectly , highly recommended .
 2057 . In the depths of the Solar system , large spacecraft routinely intercept and redirect ice asteroids and comets into Earth orbit , where their raw materials can be used to fuel Earth 's growing economy and incessant need for raw materials . When Saturn 's moon Janus inexplicably leaves its orbit and heads out of the Solar system in the direction of the star Spica , an ` ice-pusher ' ship named Rockhopper is the only vessel positioned to intercept it . The plan is for the ship to tail the anomaly for a week before returning to Earth . Naturally , complications ensue and the crew of Rockhopper are forced to make a home on Janus as it accelerates towards lightspeed , which will carry them to Spica in 250 years , although thanks to time dilation only a dozen years will pass for those on board.Pushing Ice is a hard SF novel in the ` Big Dumb Object ' tradition , following in the footsteps of Arthur C. Clarke 's Rendezvous with Rama , Larry Niven 's Ringworld and Greg Bear 's Eon . However , unlike a lot of BDO books which tend to put characterisation way behind spectacle and awe , Pushing Ice is centred firmly on the relationship between two female crewmembers of the Rockhopper , Captain Bella Lind and navigator Svetlana Barseghian , two firm friends who suffer a catastrophic falling-out over the Rockhopper 's new mission and whose subsequent relations colour much of the novel . This gives the book an emotional centre which helps make it easier to relate to the more traditional , awe-inspiring spectacle stuff that unfolds later on.Whilst unrelated to any of his other novels , Pushing Ice features Reynolds ' trademark use of non-faster-than-light travel and the inevitable closer interrelationship between humanity and its machines , although broadly along more positive lines than his Revelation Space novels . Pushing Ice is also more relatable , as its technology is less exotic and much closer to current day levels , meaning his characters have to work even harder to survive in the hostile environments they find themselves in.Pushing Ice becomes a multi-generational tale as life on Janus during and after is voyage unfolds and Reynolds ' story reaches impressive new levels of invention as we discover more about the alien Spicans and their goals . There is a strong similarity here to Clarke 's Rama Cycle , but he makes more interesting and focused points in considerably less time and pages than Clarke 's earlier work , and the characters he uses to achieve that goal are considerably more interesting.Pushing Ice -LRB- **** -RRB- does n't quite hit the same high as Reynolds ' masterwork Chasm City , but it comes damn close . As a hard SF novel in the Big Dumb Object tradition , Pushing Ice is a triumph , but achieves its success with more emotion and heart than most such books . This novel is thoroughly recommended and is available from Gollancz in the UK and from Ace in the USA .
 The story starts off at a good pace and then the surprises start coming.The mission is no longer to collect an iceball comet but much much more . The interaction of the characters under different circumstances is as interesting as the story itself . A good read , I would hope for a sequel .
 After many years wandering lost amid fantasy mislabeled SF , and turning in desperation to the oldies but goodies written by Niven , Zelazny , and their ilk , I stumbled onPushing Ice . Fabulous ! Enough explanation that this non-physics major can follow -LRB- or pretend to -RRB- , with plenty of action . The typical male failure -LRB- sorry , guys -RRB- to track character development , but it is quite possible -LRB- sorry , girls -RRB- for a woman to hold an implacable grudge for 50 years or even 18,000 . 5 stars for the pleasure to read some really good , and new , hard SF .
 I 've read Century Rain before this and thought that it was a rather average experience.Pushing Ice however had me absolutely hooked . Like other reviewers , I 'll grant to have seen better character interaction elsewhere , but as alvays with good SF , it 's really all about the setting and the plotline , and as a first encounter novel this ranks among the best.If you 've enjoyed Peter Hamilton - the current master of Space Opera - but found him a bit long-winded and liked Arthur C. Clarke , but found him a bit too nerdy , you might give this one a try.It 's been a while since I 've had a reading experience that really made me loose myself to the story , but `` Pushing Ice '' did the trick . And then in one volume ... IMO , there 's too much crap in the space opera genre . Insofar this can be considered space opera - which I really do n't think it is - this is definately a gold nugget .
 I 've wanted to try Alastair Reynolds for a while , but was a little turned off by the ` space opera ' tag that hisRevelation Spacework is often saddled with . I was happy then to read the synopsis for Pushing Ice . A stand alone book set in the near future ? An encounter with an alien artifact ? Sign me up ! I went into the book expecting something along the lines ofThe Abyssin space . What I got was something totally different . Grander and much , much better than I was expecting.I do have to say , Pushing Ice took me nearly a month to read . At first I think I was slightly put off by the style of the book . I was n't too sure what to make of Alastair Reynold 's writing . I was used to hard sci-fi in the vein ofArthur C. ClarkeandStephen Baxter . Periodic info-dumps and somewhat bland characters . Mr. Reynolds ' style is much different than that , though I ca n't say I like it more . I happen to enjoy the info dumps and since the ` stars ' of hard sci-fi tend to be scientists and astronauts , bland characters seem very true to life . It must be said though that he is a better writer . The information and science was much more naturally blended into the story and the lead characters were fleshed out three dimensional people that you could cheer for and even grow frustrated with . The group dynamics of the main characters were complicated and messy and realistic.On the downside , sometimes his description was lacking . I was never quite sure what Rockhopper looked like and had to keep checking the illustration on the cover . Also , as I mentioned , the info dumps are more woven into the narrative , but there were times when it felt like it was given a little too late . The forge vat for instance is introduced and made such a big deal of , yet he took quite a while to explain what it actually did -LRB- and how it did it -RRB- . I usually give a general summary of the book in my reviews , but here I feel that doing that may ruin some of the mind boggling sense of discovery that was such a big part of my enjoyment of the book . I will say that the synopsis on the back of the book is really only the beginning of the story . Bella and the Rockhopper crew are chasing after the rogue ice moon within the first couple of hundred pages . What happens after that ... you 'll have to read it to find out . I would recommend this book . It does what I want my sci-fi to do , making a playground of science and blowing your mind with the possibilities while showing you a world unlike any you could imagine . I am going to have to try Alastair Reynold ` sRevelation Spaceseries .
 This was the first Alastair Reynolds book I have ever read , and I loved it !!! It kept you guessing as to what would happen ; the plot twists and ending were unexpected ; the relationship between Bella and Svetlana was a complex balancing act of power , back and forth . I liked the aliens , which seemed fresh and original . The framing story was also different.Also , this book is a stand-alone book , and I think that Reynolds deserves special credit for that
 My favorite SF books include a dose of `` sense of wonder '' and Alastair Reynolds does it again here . I 'd previously read `` Chasm City '' so I was looking forward to reading another by him.The story develops in a realistic and believable manner , though I was consistently surprised by a variety of twists . The grand themes of space travel , relativistic time dilation , alien contact , and big , dumb , objects are always a pleasure for me to read about and `` Pushing Ice '' has all of them.The largest gripe I had with the book , taking it down from a perfect rating , is the lack of believability in character actions , motivations , and their ultimate ramifications . Specifically , one of the primary characters suffers from Darth Vader-tosis , meaning that the author tries unsuccessfully to redeem her horrendous lifetime of bad behavior with a minor humane act at the end . Also , a major plot element at the beginning of the first part is dealt with in a completely unbelievable manner - unnecessarily , at that.The plot element in question is how the dispute between the two factions resolves regarding whether to cut and run from the Janus effect and try their luck in open space hoping an unlikely earth rescue mission would get to them in time vs. staying on the alien supership and making do with what they have . This is a great dilemma , but the final resolution of a character threatening to destroy the ship forcing the latter option makes no sense as that would be a bluff easily called . Unfortunately , this was not the only time plot drove character actions in ways that were unlikely and left me in disbelief.Overall , the book did not drag until near the end -LRB- Darth Vader moment -RRB- , but then finishes in a hopeful and entertaining manner . I really liked the plot and the characters were mostly interesting minus their momentary lapses due to author rigging . I enjoyed this more than `` Chasm City '' so I 'm on the lookout for my next read by this author .
 As with all Reynolds books , the journey is always thoroughly enjoyable , and the destination usually on a par . In this case , the destination was an `` allocate on arrival '' two star dissappointment.This is perhaps one of the greatest examples of the paretto principle in literature ; 80 % of the story in -LRB- the last -RRB- 20 % of the book . Still , If Alistair REALLY thinks that around 400 pages are required to flesh out the characters and the establishment of the colony on Janus , who am I to argue ? I am NOT saying I did not enjoy this part of the book - just the reverse , in fact - but it was infuriating that there were STILL huge chunks of information missing that would have been useful later . The establishment of Eddytown , the real function of the lava flows , what happened to Svetlana , the Symbolist wierdo 's who lived in the maw etc etcI find it odd that in such a detailed story where , in reality , precious little has really gone on , that you keep asking yourself `` did I miss something or is that the first time that has been mentioned ? '' -LRB- Just how could those trees grow when they were under an iron sky ? ... it would have been perpetual night ! -RRB- I hate spoilers in reviews so I will keep them to a minimum , -LRB- dont read this if you have not read the book -RRB- but the real dissappointment to me was the fact that right at the end , when a key player is discussing the possibility of a monument to the central character , she refers to the fact that the `` unseen '' alien perpetrators of this whole story have died out ... . PARDON ? Did I miss something again ? I thought the only time that was actually realised was when a hole was blown through the structure , many , many years into the future , and the escaping space craft saw the missing `` hub '' . Similarly , were they in a structure or not ? At the end they appeared to be in a VAST complex structure which was supposed to have been destroyed years ago ? Eh ? I must have missed that tooand for the above two reasons we never really get an explanation , even a working hypothesis , of what this whole thing was about ... on top of that the introduction of two alien species were , to say the least , pretty marginal , and certainly not clearly described , which again gave the impression that you had missed something important that would come back to haunt you -LRB- not that it did , in reality -RRB- I am left with the impression that I should re-read it because I clearly missed large sections out !! . As always , a really ENJOYABLE journey , but unlike most of Reynolds other books , I WAS a bit dissapointed that justice was simply not done to such an imaginatively complex and brilliant story concept when it came to transfering it to paper!I will still be buying his next one though , because I love his journeys .
 What a fabulous read . This book stretched my mind to comprehend a worn out theme in a new light . This is n't just your same old `` Lost in Space '' adventure . It captures the hopelessness of a crew lost in deep space trying to unravel a mystery as they 're hurtling not only through space but also through time .
 An exciting science fiction novel that pushes the limits of scientific imagination . Mr. Reynolds has a Phd in Astronomy and worked for The European Space Agency for 13 years . Now , he is a full time science fiction writer . This novel explores behavior of humans when presented with arduous undertakings and reveals our darkest fears and how we try to cope with them in our unique way . In a science fiction frame , Reynolds tries to state that what is wired in us is not pure evil or pure goodness but a mix of them both . How much of each component you have in you will determine your course of actions and makes who you are . Because I 'm a total geek , I loved it . Give it try and you might love it too . @shakirbahzad
 Best SciFi book I 've read in some time . I 'm hoping that Mr. Reynolds comes up with some sequels.As for those who have problems with the science
 I brought this book after reading some favorable reviews . I was not disapointed . I enjoyed the build of the story , which is a large story covering many years with many stories within . Would most definitely recommend to the space sifi addict who likes a good story with many twists .
 My first introduction to Alastair Reynolds , I enjoyed Pushing Ice . Often SF spends too much time on the technology -LRB- which I do enjoy -RRB- , this spends much more time on the drama and politics -LRB- which I also enjoy -RRB- while not stinting an interesting interpretation of the future . It 's not the `` same-old same-old '' space opera , and what I thought as a bit of framing story comes into it 's own.For something so drama driven , I felt sometimes the characters were a bit two dimensional . Strong feelings that should fade with time did n't , and not having other focuses for the characters made them fall into a bit of a rut at points . Also , for a book that introduces so many characters , I would have like to see more of them fleshed out , and how they affect the drama . And change more over time.That said , the meta-plot of what 's happening is a fresh twist , and the book felt believable . That got strained a bit right before the climax , but still was good . Also a great job of important technology without having it take over the focus.All in all , a very enjoyable introduction to AR and I 'm looking forward to reading more .
 Purchased this book on a friend 's recommendation . Excellent writer , good story . I 'll buy more of his work after reading this one .
 Pushing Ice is only the second full novel that I have read from author Alastair Reynolds ; the first being Revelation Space . These , coupled with a few short stories I have encountered in the past several years , have made it clear to me that Mr. Reynolds is a formidable talent whose skills are nothing short of brilliant!In this book , he takes a tested and true -LRB- if somewhat stale -RRB- science fiction formula - first contact with an alien craft and race - and bends it effortlessly to create a unique , compelling and highly enjoyable adventure through both space and time . His story presents a classic literary trap ; he sets you up with a scenario that you think you already know and understand -LRB- Clarke 's Rama series jumps to mind . -RRB- He then carries you along a story arc that is at the same time comfortably familiar and largely predictable , making you think you can see where this story is going . Then he springs the trap , twisting the whole thing around in his own fashion so that you are left wondering what just happened and at exactly what point did you lose control of the situation?Mr . Reynolds consistently presents a deep technical and scientific background to his stories that always sounds plausible , at least in the context of the tale being told . He amply describes the science without bogging the story down in tedious and overly arduous detail . In this story I could understand the principles behind femtotechology without really knowing anything about it , -LRB- or if it even exists at all - it does n't matter . -RRB- Perhaps the most compelling elements of his stories are his descriptions of locations and alien beings ; again without belaboring the story - one gets a very clear idea about the look , the feel , the textures , and in this story - even the smells of different locations . I know what his ships look like , I would recognize a picture of locations on his planets , I could identify alien characters in a police lineup . He paints a very vivid picture . His characters are interesting and compelling , if not always likable or sympathetic . In the final analysis , all good fiction is really about the characters , not the props or the locations . Reynolds makes his characters believable - if flawed - and makes you empathetic to them , sometimes against your own better judgement.I 've enjoyed his stories so much , I can hardly wait to finish one book so I can move on to another . His stories move at a brisk pace and I 'm always compelled to move on to the next chapter , unlike some books I 've read where I could n't wait for the tedious chapters to end . Alastair Reynolds is never less than fully entertaining . I highly recommend his work to any fan of great science fiction .
 Other reviewers mention technologies and relationship to previous stories . Yes , but I would add that Pushing Ice is a major novel featuring complex , believable female protagonists . They deal with frustration and competition on an intellectual level ; in a first-contact story , there is a lot of both . People change only gradually -LRB- clinging to old beliefs -RRB- as the universe changes drastically around them.Several chapters build toward crises , and I hesitated to start the next because some character faced certain defeat . But few disappeared , and new scientific concepts are thereby introduced . The last chapter really does not end the tale - you will find yourself wondering what the crew of Rockhopper will encounter next . This book really pulls you into their lives .
 Alastair Reynolds ' novel `` Pushing Ice '' is a stirring science fiction story that ignites the imagination and inspires the heart . The crew of the Rockhopper , a comet-mining vessel in the not-too-distant-future receives an unusual mission order - to tail and gain intelligence upon Janus , a moon of Saturn that left its orbit and began to move out of the solar system under its own power . When circumstances and human design conspire to rob the Rockhopper of the ability to return to Earth , a great adventure into the furthest reaches of the universe begins . Reynolds background in astrophysics is readily on display in this novel , as hard science pervades its pages . The characters are all generally believable and relateable , if at times a little two-dimensional . Despite its outer space setting and futuristic technology , the root of this story is a familiar one - a friendship gone sour . As in all great fiction a familiar , human story sets the stage for the epic events that follow . This is a fun science-fiction novel that fans of the genre will heartily enjoy .
 this story is gripping in part because the 2 female protagonists honestly feel they are making the best decisions that will affect the whole crew . They are severely opposed to each others approach despite being close friends originally . The act of the captain to pursue the fleeing `` object '' and thus stranding here crew forever , inspires the entire human race to pursue a future in space and fulfill some aspect of a larger destiny . That this comet takes them to the end of time and space has its own amazing affect on the crew , there is a span of billions of years . This book is about responsibility and living up to it , including taking ownership for a vision and a mistake . great read
 Apart from a reasonably length prologue , there is far more of the straight new future action-spaceship in trouble type book here . However , given that this is Reynolds writing , you know it wo n't stay like that . He then diverts a little into Greg Bear 's Eon , to a degree , but , of course , the situation is probably even nastier . Excellent work again . Reynolds is still an author I will be happy enough to pay the outrageous prices books have got to these days , to own . With a growing body of work he has not let me down once .
 I think some of the reviewers are a bit harsh . I really like Reynold 's way of thinking - where most sci-fi just stops when it gets too hard - he just keeps on going with the fun . As for the science being bad - not sure I agree . We dont know what velocity the ship is travelling at any more that the characters did . Travelling at C is not possible if you have mass as you would be everywhere at once M = Mrest/sqroot -LRB- v squared - C squared -RRB- so v = c means M is infinite . Travelling at C is arithmetically impossible because of this - infinite energy required etc. . Einstein travelled at C - in his mind - on the edge of a light wave front . As far as the wavefront is concerned no time passes no matter how far it travels-It only appears to take time from the observers point of view . Reynolds travels at C with his imagination . Einstein also is purported to have said imagination is more important than fact . Reynolds cant be faulted for that then . So what 's to stop a sci fi writer writing good fiction which plays with physics - The story as a concept has no mass - so - let there be light -LRB- or even levity -RRB- . I like every Reynolds novel Ive read yet -LRB- most of them -RRB- . I see them as an exercise in lateral thinking and fun . You dont have to like all the characters - you dont have to expect all the physics to be right - after all we cant get it right yet -LRB- Relativity and Q mech -RRB- - but its been fun so far - absolution gap was beautiful , haunting , cold and dark and makes lots of fun of religion and science . Pushing ice was not entitled `` pushing real physics '' .
 Lets start of with a statement - believable characterisation and character interactions are not a strength of Reynolds . There were times during Pushing Ice when I found myself thinking - That character would not have done that or I do n't believe they would have reacted that way . Yet I gave Pushing Ice four stars.Because what Reynold 's does very well is good old fashion big concept space opera . He takes a well worn theme - in the near future Jupiters moon Janus proves to be an alien craft mysteriously comes to life and proceeds to exit the solar system . The only UN sanctioned ship capable of intercepting it is the Rockhopper , an asteroid mining ship captained by Bella Lind.Pushing Ice follows the crew of the Rockhopper from the initial race to intercept , through the realisation that they lack the fuel to return to Earth and need to establish a colony on Janus to their eventual arrival at a giant space station near the star of Spica 260 Light years from Earth , where they encounter other alien species who like our viewpoint characters are trapped within the structure and are unaware of the orginal engineers and their intentions . Central to the story is the interaction and conflict between Bella and her friend and chief engineer Svetlana Borghesian , who initially advises abandoning the pursuit and who becomes the first leader of the human colony on Janus . As the story progresses leadership of the human group alternates between Bella and Svetlana as further interactions reveal that not all of the Aliens trapped within the structure are friendly and that they all may have traveled further in time and space than initially suspected.If you are looking for a space opera in the style of Arthur C Clarke then Pushing Ice is a good place to start.Good old fashioned Space Opera
 The biggest thing I like about this book comes from the author 's background . With a Ph.D. in astronomy and working experience in space research he brings two real strengths to writing.First , because of his education , he understands the science behind the story . His comments about relativity are dead on . His projections as to future discoveries are within the understanding we have of how things work , but progressed logically.Knowing science is one thing , knowing people and especially management people is something else . His second strength comes from his working experience . Without going too much into the story , when the suggestions -LRB- orders -RRB- from Earth came to the ship , especially their response to questions about inaccurate data , well , the pointed hair manager in Dilworth comes right out.The story , is good old fashioned space opera . There are space ships , aliens -LRB- first contact -RRB- , mysteries abound . But as you read it , remember to keep the Prologue in mind , especially the last sentence .
 SPOILER ALERT
 Reynolds has again produced a novel of human nature that happens to be taking place in a very original SF setting . Along with John Scalzi and a few others , he presents hope that the SF genre will not continue its backslide to the pulp fiction market .
 A wonderful pictorial book about transistor radios , 175 of them , not only photographed but put in the context of fifties and sixties design . The spread on 60-61 shows six radios mixed with close-up photos of chrome styling from fifties cars . I loved the chapter on design with its photos of grills and lettering , even a spread on 9-volt batteries.This is the kind of book that Chronicle do so well , interesting subjct , well designed and printed all for the general reader . If you collect these radios you will certainly want to have a copy but do n't expect to get lots of technical detail or a price guide . For that have a look at ` Collector 's Guide to Transistor Radios ' by Marty and Sue Bunis , plenty of text about seven hundred models , some photos and that all-important identification and price information .
 This is possible the only radio book , that , when left out on a coffee table , will start a conversation with non-collectors . But I advise against leaving your only copy on display , since it might get stolen . The layout and photos in this collaboration turn already beautiful radios into nearly sexual fetishes . Nice historical information , and an intriguing layout make this true eye candy . ... . Find one for the coffee table , and another to hide away someplace safe ! Printed in Japan .
 A wonderful book full of exuberant , fun design . Do n't let the other review here by this sad person at Booknews spoil it for you -LRB- execrable ?? quotesqueries ?? Sheeesh !! -RRB- .
 I continue to be amazed and appreciative of the way , Reich , an Atheistic German Jewish scientist-could write about the Christ-in such an unbiased and powerfully profound way . Bravo Reich!One of my favorite parts of the book is how Reich compares Christ in the temple cursing out the Pharisees and knocking over tables-to the Christ who tells us to `` love our enemies `` He said the correct translation is to `` Understand our enemies `` Which is in keeping with his actions in the temple , the way he reacted to Judas when he betrayed him , and then at the end declaring `` Father forgive them , they know not what they do ... `` Reich portrays Christ more of a victim of a mob in the book and goes deeply into the differences and similarities of Communism and Fascism-and the book ends with a fascinating appendix called the `` Weapon of Truth '' -LRB- LOVE IT -RRB- So , if you are looking for a book on the deification of Christ -LRB- which-is not an arguement because we are all filled with `` God '' and children of God -RRB- - this is not a good book for that ... But if you are looking to understand what Christ 's mission was about , why he came , and why he had to suffer and die-then this book will do more for you then reading the biblical account of the passion-The movie `` The Passion '' I have n't seen it , but after reading the book , I think I am ready now to see it . Basically , Reich shows us-the emotional plague of the masses contracting because they reject love and freedom -LRB- because of their parents and society -RRB- - are the same people who murdered Christ , and the same people in Christianity and the other world religions of today . This book is to Christians what the film `` Fitna '' is to Muslims-every Christian and non-Christian should read this ! - in Freedom of Speech , AuroreOnly that day dawns to which we are awake - ThoreauAurore Adamkiewicz , N.D.www.beyondnaturalmedicine.com
 When Reich wrote this book in the early 50 's He was supposed to have gone mad . After a first read of the book , you will find He was unusually lucid , much more than Nietzsche himself in the account of a Life ruling principle.Do not be afraid of any comment . Just enjoy reading it !
 This work is best read in the context of Reich 's work as a whole . In particular , this work is quite different from the rest and reminds us how prolific the author is . In this book , Reich draws parallels between the crucifixion and modern day emotional pathologies . It may be painful for some to read this book . It equates the ` murder of Christ ' with a common modern day phenomenon of which we are all active participants .
 This book is a masterpiece.Instead of describing it , i will mention only 1 point : When you read it , you will either read it again and again and again , or you will burn it before finishing it.It depends of your `` inner '' situation.In both cases it is absolutely worth to read it.It is a unique book , written from one of the most genious and surely the bigest physician and natural scientist on the world ever .
 heavy to read !! still worth it to get to understand how institutions and the masses function over individual persons willing to change our paradigms !!
 In this book Wilhem Reich , revolutionnary scientist , explore the Myth and history of Jesus in a functionalist perspective ... and depict what he calls ` the emotional plague'He expose in a philosophical manner the responsibility man continually evades ...
 Reich exposes Jesus as all-in-one with nature , and not as a supernatural power , nor dying for men was his OWN choice . Morality and men 's judgement of their own sins led to his murder ...
 Any review of this book would have to start off by emphasizing that this is a short book . It is only about 96 pages a significant share of which consists of Dali 's most famous paintings . Hence anyone looking for an encyclopedic overview of Dali 's works would do well to look elsewhere . The question becomes , for its short length , how good of a job does the book do in terms of providing a decent succinct overview of his art ? The answer to that is quite well.This is primarily due to the fact that the author , like most of his colleagues who have written other titles in the Taschen `` basics '' series , is extremely knowledgeable of this subject . He provides an excellent , albeit brief , overview of Dali 's art from the beginning of his career to his end . The reader sees Dali 's progression of art through its early stages through its conclusion where religious matters become paramount as Dali comes closer to facing his end . The quality of the illustrations , as in all the Taschen `` basics '' series , is magnificent , as usual . The prints are on very high quality with vivid color -LRB- which would be essential to appreciating Dali 's style -RRB- on high quality premium paper.The book does have some gaps however , especially in terms of Dali the man and the motivation behind his art . The author , for example , does not address the question of whether Dali was insane -LRB- or mentally unstable -RRB- , like Bosch or Van Gogh , for example or whether his behavior and the art it reflected , was just part of his showmanship -LRB- i.e. , an `` act '' -RRB- . The author also does not address how Dali was able to survive in post-Franco Spain , especially considering how `` subversive '' , Dadaist and anti-establishment his art was as viewed by both Franco and the Catholic Church .
 I am a huge Dali fan and this is another one of those books that gives a great insight into the man 's thoughts and feelings .
 I used to have this book , and my ex-wife took it . I was delighted to find another copy .
 Love the book , love dealing with Amazon.com I 've been dealing with Amazon for years now , and have never had a problem with them . THANKS ONCE AGAIN AMAZON .
 I 'm a grown woman , what am I going to do with stickers ? These have been sitting around for years and I finally thought of a great use for them . I write a letter a week to my soldier husband , who is deployed in Afghanistan . Since he is an artist and art lover , I now seal each of my envelopes with a Dali sticker from this great little book . It adds a little extra flair to the letters and gives him something fantastic to look at .
 Dali is a great beginner 's book to him . I love his art , but am not really a huge or knowledgeable art fan.Chock full of pictures and a little history it was a great buy . No I know what the names of his art is and can start looking for his prints .
 This book is awesome ! Dali is no doubt one of the greatest artists of the 20th century ! Smoked some bud too no doubt !! hehe
 As a college art major I developed a distaste for Dali and his art , even referring to him as a `` pimp '' in an essay . I was turned off by his commercialism and his overly-polished style . But over the years my opinion began to shift , and the major retrospective at the Philadelphia Museum of Art has completely renovated my appreciation for the man and his art.This huge and handsome tome is the catalogue for the Philly retrospective , and includes hundreds of color images along with insights into the thought behind the imagery . The book takes you through his youthful experiments in post-impressionism and cubism -LRB- there are a few works you 'd swear were by Picasso ! -RRB- , into his affiliation with Surrealism , his development of his personal `` paranoiac-critical '' method , and his later interests in physics and conversion to Catholicism . The middle section of the book and exhibit includes hundreds of his best-known and most widely-admired paintings , but surprises abound in the early and later sections , with works most people never knew he created.What struck me most in the show and the book was how thoroughly dedicated Dali was to his art , and how intellectually involved his work was . His draughtsmanship was also so acute as to defy belief . I realize now that I was sold so completely on his posture as an eccentric personality , that I lost sight of the power of his art . But this show and book reveal how truly special and significant Dali was as an artist , art theorist , and explorer of the hinterlands of the mind and soul .
 This book is the definitive look at Dali . I own a few other of his books but this one blows the out of the water . The only negative aspect about the book really comes down to my opinion . Some of my favorite paintings are fitted onto a page with 3 others making them a little difficult to see the extreme detail . While others get their own page but in my humble opinion did n't deserve it . While reading or just skimming through the paintings its awesome all the way through . The book is in chronological order so you can see his progress throughout his life . I would highly recommend this book to anyone , even if you do n't like Dali 's style , there is so much in here that you 'll find something . I 've spent dozens of hours looking through it , finding something new each time .
 While it may be hard to get a hold of here at Amazon , `` Dali
 After collecting , selling and trading Dali art works for more than 30 years , Mr. Robert Descharnes , one of Dali 's past secretaries , has outdone himself in this magnificent book . Without a doubt it will become a collectors classic and a must for any serious Dali admirer . Well worth its price in gold !!!!!
 This book is a `` must '' for anyone who wants to understand the principles and themes found in Dali 's works . Ades is one of the formost Dalinian scholars . Her book analyzes many of his most popular paintings and will assist the reader in understanding these as well as works not included in her book .
 The value of this book is in its 1600 + image reproductions . A few of them are photos of Dali or the people and places that inspired him . A very few show existing artworks to which Dali 's creations responded . The overwhelming majority , however , display Dali 's own paintings or the sketches related to them.And the mass of imagery is overwhelming . The book traces Dali 's output from his early , formative periods onwards . Although Dali was productive in the 1920s , his familiar style emerged in the 1930s and simply expanded for the next half-century . The chronological organization of this book lets us see Dali 's art and personality develop . Among other things , we see how his sketching evolved from pen drawings early in his career to loose oil sketches later . This also seemed to complete some kind of cycle , from the relative crudity of his early work , to the crystalline finish of his best-known years , back to imprecision again , but with all of his mature expressiveness.By its attempt at completeness , this presents aspects of Dali that other authors often ignore . For example , Dali was profoundly influenced by Catholic Christianity . Although his personal beliefs may be difficult to fathom , he produced some of the most beautiful images of Christ ever created.Descharne 's commentary supports the images well , but it 's hard to read . I do n't mean that the text is badly written - quite the opposite , it is very helpful , especially in biographical notes that describe Dali 's life at the time of each work . Instead , I mean that my thoughts ca n't stay on the words for long when the pictures take such command of my attention . / / wiredweird
 a beautifully sized book that contained excellent text about the painter 's life and superb reproductions of his work in the book
 Dali -LRB- Mallard Fine Art Series -RRB- I have read this book cover to cover and enjoyed every word ! Paul Moorhouse manages to give a great amount of information covering Dali 's life , his contribution to Surrealism , hidden aspects of his personality , his thinking and preferences at different periods in his life , thus allowing the reader to enter the magical world of Dali . The paintings selected span Dali 's lifetime and represent the major directions of his work at different points in his life . The explanation provided for each painting includes its symbolism , its relation to what the artist was going through personally at the time , as well as connections with the historical period and other influences . The only minus is the quality of the reproduction of a few of the paintings which is a bit disappointing . All in all a book I highly recommend .
 Every painting he did is here . They list the paintings in chrnological order . Each painting is titled and they describe some of the paintings throughout the book . In the back tehy list the size of the painting and what it was painted on if you want to know that stuff . Overall there are 1648 paintings or images . This book is great .
 in addition to providing many details about Dali 's life , his relationship with Breton and the surrealists , his friendship with Picasso and so on , the book provides the reader with an excellent discussion/analysis/explanation of Dali 's artistic/aesthetic choices and of his ` paranoiac-critical method ' . This seems to be the definitive book on Dli 's paintings .
 A probing , insightful analysis of Therese 's inner life .
 After watching the Masterpiece Theatre presentation of `` Portrait of a Marriage '' years ago , I went on a search for more information about the life of Vita Sackville-West . This bio was one of the gems overturned in that quest for treasure . Having only been able to find it in UNCA 's library at the time , I was delighted to be able to stumble over it again during a search at Amazon.com . I have now made it a permanent addition to my extensive library of a subject I call `` The Three V 's . '' The three V 's are
 There is something in the nature of crimes of note -LRB- and the conspiracies and competing theories they engender -RRB- that bring out the zealot in all of us . Such seems to be the case with the reactions to Dr Gardner 's The Case That Never Dies
 After reading the other reviews I was apprehensive about purchasing this book , but I was pleasently surprised by it . The author has spent much time ferreting out those small but important details that make the Lindbergh kidnapping so enigmatic and entrancing . While there may be mistakes to be found in this work , I do n't think they in any way detract from the overall balance of the book . I found Lloyd Gardner 's book to be insightful and well tempered . Highly recommended for the serious or first time Lindbergh kidnapping reader .
 This book attempts to sift through and analyze the contemporaneous information ; both the evidence at Hauptmann 's trial and other information available at the time that was not , for various reasons , presented to the jury as well as significant amounts of additional information that has come to light since Hauptmann 's execution.Professor Gardner considers in detail the four principle types of evidence that led to Hauptmann 's conviction ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- eyewitness testimony that either placed Hauptmann in the vicinity of the Lindbergh estate , at the payment of the ransom or passing ransom bills , -LRB- 2 -RRB- expert handwriting testimony with respect to the authorship of the ransom notes , -LRB- 3 -RRB- expert testimony tracing the wood and one of the tools used in building the kidnap ladder and -LRB- 4 -RRB- the discovery , following Hauptmann 's arrest , of a substantial portion of the ransom money in his garage together with evidence with respect to his explanation for his possession of it.As to each of these , Garner discusses some of the circumstances that have been advanced to throw doubt upon each element of the evidence which , absent such circumstances , certainly presented , in sum , an overwhelming circumstantial case . I was familiar with the essential evidence in the case from prior readings and had previously been of the view that , given the variety of circumstantial evidence and the number of witnesses involved , the hypotheses of either innocent errors or a `` frame-up '' were both incredible . Even before reading the book , I was disturbed by Hauptmann 's stubborn insistence upon his innocence despite virtually being offered a commutation if he would admit his guilt and name his accomplices and his seeming choice to go to the electric chair rather than talk . The theory of some psychic block to admitting anything provided a possible , but less than convincing , explanation.After reading the book , I am far less confident than I was before.Professor Gardner 's book raises serious and disturbing questions as to each of the major elements of proof ; eyewitnesses who had repeatedly changed their stories or were pressured to make identifications , the main prosecution handwriting expert 's initial inability to link the ransom notes ' handwriting to Hauptmann which changed only AFTER he had been informed of an eyewitness identification , frailties in the wood expert 's testimony and additional information about Fisch -LRB- whom Hauptmann had claimed had given him the ransom money -RRB- that increased the plausibility of Fisch 's involvement in the crime.Most disturbing of all that , according to Gardner , -LRB- 1 -RRB- a great deal of this exculpatory evidence was never disclosed to Hauptmann 's defense lawyers and -LRB- 2 -RRB- they were given an inadequate opportunity to conduct their own analyses of the physical evidence and investigation of witnesses in preparing Hauptmann 's defense . This , together with the trial judge 's highly suggestive discussion of the evidence during his charge to the jury , very likely had a substantial influence on the ultimate verdict.Of course , accepted standards for the conduct of criminal trials were quite different in the mid-1930s from what they are at present ; for example , there was no requirement that the prosecution disclose exculpatory evidence in its possession , regardless of whether it would have been effective in either exhonerating the defendant or raising a reasonable doubt as to his guilt . The standards of one period do not necessarily provide fair criteria for the evaluation of conduct during another.But even though Hauptmann 's trial may have passed legal muster by the standards that prevailed at that time , I conclude that the trial was far from fair and that , had it been otherwise , there is a real likelihood that reasonable doubt could have been established to the satisfaction of the jury , at least as to the first degree murder charge , although perhaps not to a lesser charge of complicity in the extortion of the ransom payment.Professor Gardner 's assembly and consideration of voluminous materials is impressive , despite sometimes enigmatic presentation of his sources in his footnotes and despite an occasionally disjointed analysis of particular aspects of the case in diverse parts of the book.Overall , however , the book is an interesting and informative presentation that is well worth reading , not only for one interested in the Hauptmann case , but also as an object lesson in why modern rules of criminal procedure do much more than merely create potential technicalities for the avoidance of criminal liability but , on the contrary , are essential to achieving the dual objectives of ascertaining guilt while minimizing the risk of error .
 `` The Case That Never Dies
 I have read many books about the Lindbergh kidnapping . I feel Lloyd Gardner 's book is thoroughly and thoughtfully researched . I have read it twice carefully and each time I read it I discovered new information . Who was John Condon ? Why did Violet Sharpe commit suicide ? Why did Lindbergh act so strangely the night of March 1,1932 ? Does a parent call his attorney before calling the police when he suspects his 20 month old child is missing ? There are so many bizarre events surrounding the disappearance of the Lindbergh baby that it is no surprise that Lloyd Gardner titled his book `` The Case That Never Dies '' . The trial was a farce and a circus
 Gardner has produced a book that allows the reader to consider the evidence and make thier own conclusions without being presented a prosecution brief of a Jim Fisher -LRB- Lindberg Case-1987 -RRB- . Bruno Richard Hauptmann appear to have been involved . But the key word is appears . Gardner does a good job showing inconsistencies of a John Condon -LRB- a bigot by the way that wanted to blame the I-talians -RRB- . He explores the weirdness of the crime itself . The Lindbergs normally were not at that house on Tuesdays . The window was unlocked , the right shutter was warped , the baby was not to be disturbed by a Charles Lindbergh routine from 7-10 , that demanded that the baby was to be left alone.This suggests inside help contrary to the lone wolf theory . The flimsy ladder allegedly made by the carpenter Hauptmann . The narrow window , the lack of any prints which is contrary that a lone wolf wiped down the room and could have commited the crine . Other details such as the ladder being set off to the right of the window , indicated to the police that the kidnapper -LRB- Isido Fisch -RRB- was left handed . I do n't believe that in the case of Hauptman , that is the fact . The footprints that don , t fit Hauptmann left at the house or the cemetery where the ransom was paid off . The window was closed upon leaving the bedroom so the lone wolf Hauptmann had to do wife down the room , find the off set ladder with his legs , carry the baby and close the window all of this by himself . This is not believable and this smells of inside help-indeed Violet Sharpe a maid in the other Morrow house committed suciide after being evasive . This book demonstrates that the hand writing that does n't match as much as Fisher 's book claims.I use to believe that Hauptman did this by himself but this book rasied enough doubts . I can not understand the criticism on the scholarship on the book . Sure there are mistakes but is calling Joe Perrone , John Perrone enought to dismiss this book ? A good book by some psychologist would be why some people attack anyone that raises concerns that Hauptmann did this alone ? Why the emotion in protecting police mishandling of the case , after 70 years ? Lindbergh was a national hero and with that fame came this horror but Lindbergh sqandered much of the good wiil from this tragedyy by coming a friend of the Third Reich and making speeches that were Anti Semitic . After 70 years we need more of this scholardhip . I recommend any serious researcher of this case to get this book and use the info the serch out new leads as the table that was found recently 2002 that appears to be the template for the ransom notes
 This book has alot more depth than the title eludes to . It goes into great depth into the genetic possibilities of the dog . Whitney personally bred thousands of dogs for physical and mental traits and recorded the results in terms that the layperson can understand . You 'll have a better understanding about what traits are inherited and how they are passed on .
 Ordered book on the word of a coworker and realized , as much as he praised the book , it was n't nearly enough !!! Very informative and an overall great read and that 's coming from someone not very into animals , especially dogs . Gave me a great sense of knowledge in the science of breeding . Would highly recommend this book to dog enthusiasts !!!!!
 I just love anything by Leon Whitney , even though he loved Beagles and they are not my first choice of dog . This book is not necessarily the best technical book but for basic information it rates with me . I even learned something I did n't know about pyometra .
 This book is a must read . Yes , it was written at a time before modern genetics , but Whitney actually did the experimental breeding and records all of his results in this book . Most believe his practices were inhumane or unethical per today 's standards , but without his work , we would n't know as much as we now know . It 's important to learn from him and thank goodness we do n't have to do what he 's done , as he 's already done it . A great intro to dog breeding genetics and a great book to keep as a reference .
 Written with the motorist and independent traveler in mind . Carefully chosen itineraries guide you to historic towns and villages , beauty spots and some lesser-known areas . Distinctive page symbols point out the information you need . Useful information gives opening times , transport , currency , accomodation and much more . Color photographs capture the true essence of this fascinating region .
 A fun postcard book of Cats in black an white photo 's that are sure to warm the hearts of any people that are owned ' by cats ...
 Do you have a friend who adores cats ? I do ! I thought she would use this postcard book to send notes , but she could n't part with it ! So she keeps this gift on her bedside table . I know of some cat lovers who use these photographs for decor . Audrey Hepburn is featured here with her cat named Cat from Breakfast at Tiffany 's . There are a total of thirty postcard photos showing cats in amusing takes . A fun gift for felline pals !
 Lillian Muller 's book , Feel Great , Be Beautiful over 40 is the best handbook for a healthy lifestyle that has been written . It effectively combines years of Ms. Muller 's study with professionals in the alternative health field with practical suggestions regarding diet , exercise , and other factors necessary for optimum health . The book is well-thought out and very straightforward . The author provides flexibility in her approach and offers many suggestions for starting on the road to good health in a progressive manner . There is also a chapter on health during pregnancy which is outstanding . I myself have spent years of research in the cutting edge of the alternative health field and I can safely say that this is the best book ever written in its field that I have read . I have found nothing negative about it . I have met the author and spoken with her at some length and I can tell you that she is a living testimony to the principles and concepts she shares in her book . She is the healthiest person I have ever met . I highly recommend the purchase of this book for anyone interested in living a healthy life .
 Guidance for workout training , eating healthy , and caring for your body with ease and diligence . Recipes for making beauty products and remedies from organic ingredients . Guidance for simple menus and recipes for following a healthy eating program that the family -LRB- kids included -RRB- can enjoy . She educates readers about food quality , effects of nutritional combinations , and various effects foods can produce on the body . She provides guidance to incorporating smart , effective changes to improve one 's health and appearance . She 's proof treating your body well at any age by adopting healthy lifestyle changes and simple fitness routines can make dramatic improvements to one 's health , flexibility , strength , and outward beauty .
 This is volume one of the best two-volume dictionary available for the English-speaking student of Dutch . ... You 'll find it on ` foreign book ' websites ... But do yourself a favour , if you 're visiting the Netherlands on vacation any time soon , make room in your pack for two fairly large hardcover books and buy them when you 're there . I bought my set -LRB- Nederlands-Engels and Engels-Nederlands -RRB- for 52 euros -LRB- 26 euros each -RRB- at a bookseller in Haarlem . They are invaluable to me . I would not part with them for anything .
 I 've had this book since it was published , and still find myself drawn to it . It 's not a `` masterpiece '' from an editorial perspective , but the reflections and memories of the people who knew Herb Brooks , and understand what he meant to the game , are worthy of any true hockey fan .
 I enjoyed this book a lot . Author brings to life many interesting aspects of Brooks . What a great book .
 A very practical book with a focus on the physical skills involved in alpine skiing . The best combined collection of off-hill and on-hill training exercises I 've seen and , as a bonus , excellent race skill development tips from an experienced coach -LRB- who 's also done it himself -RRB- . If you are interested in philosophy or the Newtonian physics of a ski turn , there are other books . If you like to -LRB- or want to learn to -RRB- ski hard , this is a great book .
 I would give this book 6 stars if I could as it is the best book on skiing-related fitness I have seen so far . Written by a professional ski coach , it is filled with information starting from the body metabolism , plyometric and strength training exercises , to training which can be perfomed while skiing . All off-snow exercises which I saw in skiing videos , books , skiing journals , and on the internet are in this book . The importance of each group of exercises is clearly explained . No special equipment is required -LRB- except for the access to an average gym for strength training -RRB- . The suggested training routines are based on US skiing team manuals and on over 80 references cited in the bibliography . All 200 pages are densely packed with information , all presented so well that it does not overwhelm you at all . Another aspect of this book which I liked is that the author treats the readers as intellegent people , who can put together their own training schedule according to their needs and possibilities . There is no suggested training schedules , just recommendations how much one should exercise and why not more or less than that . Although it is not a book on skiing , there are some tips on racing and ski tuning as well . This book is worth many others published on this topic , and I applaud the author for doing such a fine job !
 I ordered this book because I am looking for training tips for my son - a young ski racer . The book is 80 % devoted to training excercises , both on/off snow . The author is correct that the new shaped skiis have little effect on the validity of the training taught within . I would recommend the book to coaches , racers , and others for whom skiing is n't just something to do on the slopes , but for whom the pursuit of maximum performance is most important .
 What he has to say is pretty spooky . Even spookier is that it coincides with what I have heard , seen and read in many other places . My biggest criticism is that sometimes it seems that Springmeier tends to think that if they 're people Christian they are probably bad guys . However he is really not that narrow . He freely admits that the Christian church has been manipulated by the Illuminati . He is really a historian and tells stories that will blow your mind.You do n't have to pay a fortune to get this information . I purchased a CD on eBay that contained this as well as several other of Springmeier 's books . You can watch a video of Springmeier speaking for over one hour on this same CD or DVD . -LRB- Sorry , I get confused on which is which since my DVD drive plays both ! -RRB- Anyhow , just search `` Fritz Springmeier '' on eBay . Springmeier hurries to tell in one of the books on this CD/DVD that some of his books can be DANGEROUS for you if you may be a mind controlled slave yourself . He has worked with dozens of now-ex mind controlled slaves -- some on very high levels -- and seems to know what he is talking about . The problem is , if you think you may be mind controlled yourself , reading some things in some of his books could `` trigger '' one of the parts of your programming of which you are unaware.Unfortunately , I hear that Fritz Springmeier is now in prison on trumped up charges.His message also includes a very strong Christian viewpoint . If that really bothers you maybe you will not be able to appreciate his book , but I do n't see why that should have to bother you , since the words of Jesus in the Bible are loving and forgiving . One can be a non-Christian and still have a very strong connection with the Inner Light and the Divinity which connects us all . I do not recommend reading this if you are not strong with your bond with a Higher Power . It could be too distressing.By the way , on the CD/DVD I got , it was the same as getting 3 or more full length books of Springmeier 's for only a few dollars and very worth it . You can always print it out on 3-hole-punched paper and put in a 3-ring binder if you do n't like having to read off of a computer screen.May be extremely helpful reading for true lovers of the Truth . If you are not sure if you can handle the bad news , do n't read it . Feeling fearful would only play into the hands of those who would enslave you .
 The book is a very good introduction to the scene of Satanic cells . It 's lacking , however in the immense use of psychotropic drugs . The theory is straight forward , however the procedures laid out in this book happen in rare cases only . Usually agents of influence simply corrupt the moral outlook of their recruits and have them join with the idea that they thought the whole plan up themselves . Thus , making the recruited , seen in his own eyes , as the initiator of the action . If you find this book is simply too expensive have a look around the net for it . It has appeared in text , and HTML versions available for free . This book grabbed the attention of the US government , and the author of it is -LRB- last I heard -RRB- in jail , with all of his research papers seized . I would recommend this to people who have been involved in Satanic Ritual Abuse -LRB- SRA -RRB- , and psychology students/graduates who are looking for more information in human programming AKA wetware programming . For more information on this topic buy or download this book !
 Almost 500 pages ! The author , Fritz Springmeier , shares a tone of info that 's mind blowing . It may not all be 100 % true yet just a fraction of it being true is astounding . A highly recommended read.This book , though out of print , is freely available in PDF format , at the time of writing this review . If you search for its title on Yahoo there will be some links showing the PDF format for download . One of the sites it can be found on is ministryoflies-com . Springmeier also has a one hour video that can be freely watched . It 's also under the same title as the book , and can be better found by searching with Google in the Video section of the search options . It 's not as comprehensive as the book but worthwhile . God bless .
 E = Apollo!Mind control , torture , hypnosis , sex-slaves , child molestation , murder -LRB- mass -RRB- by CIA MI-5-6 etc. all true.I grew up in LANGLEY Virginia - these guys are THAT bad.Fritz ' only mistake is this
 Neither a polemic nor a whitewash , this book is critical yet strives to be fair . Its perspective is predominantly historical and a bit too academic , but it is well written and simply fascinating.Sam Walton was a natural salesman , passionate about building his retail business . When founded Wal-Mart in 1962 , he did not entertain any dream of becoming the wealthiest man in America or creating the world 's largest company . Instead , he wanted to bring big-city discounting to his corner of the rural American South , which would cut about 20 % off the prices in local stores . But he wanted the discounts to be offered every day , rather than by one-time sales promotions of selected items . He chose to expand locally , opening stores in his native Arkansas and spreading slowly into Oklahoma , Missouri , and Louisiana . Thus , as the book points out , Wal-Mart 's culture reflects where it was born , where its salaries were viewed as fair and people could live reasonably well on them and in a context without strong unions or organized workers.Walton 's strategy was simple
 A collection of essays , written by different authors , regarding Wal-Mart 's business strategy over the past 50 years , with special focus on American Wal-Mart in the early 2000 's . Some are written better . I would n't call them ` biased ' or ` dry ' like the incoherent low starred reviews here . -LRB- I 'd bet corporate PR has something to do with those reviews . -RRB- Let me tell you what I learned from the book . Wal-Mart bases it 's ` floor strategy ' on a divide and conquer scheme -LRB- keep workers divided , very powerful management -RRB- , where the objective is low margins with high volume . To maximize profits , the biggest item on the Wal Mart agenda has always been controlling ` fixed ' labor costs -LRB- theoretically necessary with small margins -RRB- . Corporate obsesses about labor costs . The culture exploits workers ` off the clock ' by under staffing and assigning more work than a single person can accomplish . During slow times , workers are sent home and not paid , despite being scheduled to work . Internal rules -LRB- borderline legal and also unfair -RRB- allow management to arbitrarily assign ` violations ' to employees who can not accomplish the work of three people , and they do . With documentation . This means when Wal-Mart fires a worker , no unemployment , because the firing was ` justified ' . Wal-Mart also wants no benefits paid for with corporate dollars , and exploits state run insurance and food stamp programs wherever possible.Men working at Wal Mart make more than women , and women are preferred for most jobs because they can be paid less with higher turnover . -LRB- Entire chapter on a class action lawsuit complete with statistical evidence . -RRB- Wal-Mart aggressively avoids/busts unions in the USA . In Germany , China , the UK , Argentina -- most everywhere else -- Wal Marts are unionized.In this current economy , the culture of Wal Mart is a hypocritical ` family ' , where shame is used to control workers , most of whom have little hope of advancement and become gradually disenchanted . Managers enjoy treating unskilled workers as replaceable cogs . This leads to a high turnover -LRB- allowing Wal Mart to keep wages low -RRB- . It is deliberate.Overall , an enlightening book .
 The book begins by summarizing the 10/11/03 lockout/strike of 59,000 Southern California grocery workers from 850 supermarkets in an effort to maintain wages and healthcare insurance the UFCW had negotiated over 50 years . The lockout/strike ended Feb. / Mar. of '04 with a decisive defeat for grocery workers - the new contract slashed starting pay and capped health insurance payouts . The one point of agreement was that the struggle was initiated by industry management trying to prepare for expected competition from Wal-Mart in their area . -LRB- Some experts see Wal-Mart becoming the nation 's leading grocer by ' 08 . -RRB- Wal-Mart is attributed to bring over 230,000 shipping containers across the Pacific each year - approximately 100 containership loads , and about 10-20 % of transhipped through Southern California . Its overseas suppliers employ up to 65,000 at a single facility -LRB- Huyen-Binh-Chanh in VN -RRB- . Discounters ' labor costs average about 15 % of sales -LRB- about half that of department stores -RRB- ; Wal-Mart 's are another 25 % less . One means of selling its low wages is to also offer profit-sharing - however , few take advantage because qualifying requires two years ' employment to qualify -LRB- 40 % + turnover/year -RRB- . Only 7 % of its employees try to support a family with children on a single Wal-Mart income - > reduced need for benefits . A 32-hour week is considered `` standard '' at Wal-Mart -LRB- some employees do work 40 hours . It probably has a higher percentage of managers start in low-paying jobs and lacking a college/university degree than any other large company in the world.Adding groceries to Wal-Mart 's existing stores typically increased sales of non-food items 30 % . Wal-Mart 's `` Plus One '' principal
 This may not be the book of essays that finally gets people up in arms against the Wal-Martization of the world but it contains much useful information for those are interested in that perspective.This writer has just received news that the Massachusetts Federation of Teachers -LRB- MFT -RRB- has voted to support the Wal-Mart boycott . Thus , the MFT joins a growing number of other unions union federations nationally and internationally in support of this first step in the struggle to organize Wal-Mart . Every militant is obliged to and must support this boycott as a first step in the struggle against this greedy mega-corporation . To list the egregious labor practices of this corporation is like reading pages from the history relating the sweatshop conditions of the American labor movement at the turn of the 20th century . These essays detail that exploitation . Whatever piddling savings one might receive by shopping at Wal-Mart is negated by the degradation of its labor force . It is high time for the labor movement to move on this outfit and move hard . The race to the bottom stops here.Whatever the practical effect of the boycott it can only be a first step in the ultimate union organization of Wal-Mart . A boycott is not enough ! A consumer boycott , as has been shown by past practices , is only as effective as the diffuse shopping public is aware of it . In general , a consumer boycott has little or no effect at all . In any case it is not decisive . There is no short-cut to effective organization at the point of production and , particularly in the case of Wal-Mart , distribution . The leadership of the organized American labor movement -LRB- now centered in the AFL-CIO and Change to Win Coalition -RRB- has chiefly used to the tactic of boycott to avoid the hard struggle to unionize the workforce . In the final analysis only organization in the field will bring unionization.To organize Wal-Mart means there must be the will to organize Wal-Mart . It is necessary to go all out to win once the decision has been made to organize this monster along industrial lines , like the automobile industry in the 1930 's . Previous local efforts -LRB- such as in Quebec and Texas -RRB- to organize particular stores have shown that this strategy -LRB- or lack of strategy -RRB- has been a failure . Wal-Mart is just too big and powerful to be taken on piecemeal . This writer has seen estimates that the number of field organizers necessary to effectively organize Wal-Mart is at least 3000 . Militants must call on the organized labor movement to fund and sent out that number en masse . The time is now.Those even slightly familiar with the Wal-Mart operation know that the corporation has a fleet of at least 7000 trucks to transport and deliver goods to its various locations . This should make every militant salivate at the prospect of organizing that fleet . Militants must demand that the Teamsters International Union to organize the fleet . Know this , if the trucks , the key to the distribution process are unionized that is a very powerful argument in the workers ' favor if a showdown with other parts of the Wal-Mart workforce is necessary . This writer suggests that militants read Teamster Rebellion and Teamster Power by Farrell Dobbs ; a central organizer of the successful Teamster union drives in Minneapolis and later over the road drivers in the 1930 's . -LRB- These books have been reviewed elsewhere in this space -RRB- One thing is sure , if it took practically a civil war to bring the relatively loosely organized trucking company bosses to their knees in the 1930 's it will be 1000 times harder to do so against this monolithic giant . But the victory will be sweeter .
 Easy to read yet scholarly . Great illustrations . Space in the margins for notes . Good chapter overviews and summaries . Nice T/F questions to prime the reader . Sources used appropriately . It is truly the ideal textbook.The format , layout , and writing style make this the text that other writers should follow .
 ordered the book for a class . really enjoyed the book . i sold it back after the semester was over . wish i would 've kept it .
 My five year old daughter brought this book home from her school library and we read it over and over again . She loved the rhythm of the language and rhyme in the story . She also seemed drawn to the vibrant illustrations . As a parent , I liked how it incorporated many people of all shades as Spanish dancers . It showed appreciation of a culture is not based on your genetic heritage . It reaffirmed that we all can celebrate life with each other .
 From the persective of a U.S. Army Officer , I highly recommend this book . Mr. Hoiback does an excellent job , in a very concise manner , to describe the linkage between Authority , Intent , and Dissemination of command . He then uses two case studies that show the relationships in the real world.I really appriciated the second case study showing the opening days of WWII in Norway . The case study told the story of COL Erickson who took the initiative to sink a German Cruiser amid the cowardice of the politicians and the inadequate preparations to maintain Norway 's neutrality ; a story I never read before this book . I would recommend reading the second case study before the first case study discussing the GEN Haig in the First World War . By reading the Second Case study first , I believe that case study one will be easier to follow.Eric
 For children 10 and up . The many inspiring perils and adventures of St. Paul - all endured to bring the Gospel to heathen nations . A truly great inspiration to both children and adults .
 The price was great , and the book is wonderful ... I was/am very impressed with this seller .
 This book is a great read to prepare your child for the fun and excitement of Halloween . It displays different American holidays and rates Halloween as Emily Elizabeth 's and Clifford 's favorites . They show Clifford in different costumes and let 's your child interact by asking which would `` you '' suggest . My 3 years old really enjoys this one .
 I thought this book was so adorable how on every holiday Clifford does something special like for Christmas he dresses like Santa and gives out gifts , on Easter he plays the Easter bunny , and on Halloween he always dresses up , in the book he dressed up as many different things such as the devil , a clown , a witch , and even a ghost ! Hes the most adorable dog in the world !! At Emily 's party he was a ghost and everyone loved him . How ca n't you love Clifford ? I know I love him ! This book is suitable from the ages 0-6 . Everyone will love this book . This book teaches people to help other people and still have fun , like most Clifford books he always shows people how to love , share , and get along .
 Cliffords Halloween is about what Clifford wants to be for Halloween . The problem is , he is to big to fit into any costumes , so he decides to be a giant ghost . Emily Elizabeth finds a big sheet and cuts out holes in it for clifford to be able to see out of . This is a very cute book and its recommended for all ages and for both boys and girls .
 this is a very good book for the younger readers . it is straight forward and gives good halloween costume ideas for little kids
 This book avoids the pitfall of trying to explain the deeper meanings behind Halloween . It 's main focus is on Emily Elizabeth and Clifford deciding what costumes to wear for the holiday , and remembering the things they did with their friends to celebrate last year . Totally age-appropriate introduction for under-threes .
 We love this one . It 's a great classic . It has great illustrations and is n't too wordy for very little children .
 He 's our favorite dog to read about ! Any book about Clifford is a hit with my 3.5 year old grand daughter . The 5 month old loves the bright `` red '' dog as well !
 Clifford is a huge hit with the 5 year olds.Very fun and easy to order books for kids out of town on Amazonin my pjs drinking coffee .
 The book was in great shape and arrived very quickly . We enjoyed giving it to our grandson and reading it with him .
 This is a very cute Halloween book for all Clifford fans . Great for kids anticipating what to wear for Halloween .
 Clifford feels like he never gets to enjoy the holidays and celebrate with the other children . Halloween allows Clifford to have fun with the holiday and dress up like the other kids in the neighborhood . Clifford joins in the fun with his ghost costume . Although things do n't go exactly as planned , Clifford has a good time celebrating the holiday . It is funny and cute as Clifford performs his antics during Halloween so he can be part of the crowd .
 The Rabbit Race is about two kids named Mandy and James . Every year they have a school theme and a little carnival too . In the carnival they have a rabbit race and a go-cart race . The author 's name is Ben M. Baglio.The Rabbit Race is a really good kids ' book . It is exciting , it goes fast and the characters are really cool . My favorite part is when the rabbit has babies . I recommend it for kids 8-10 years old and kids who like animals.By Taylor
 Jack is n't sure he ever wants another pet . Mandy knows that taking care of a baby rabbit would help Jack stop missing his dog Fred so much . When the rabbit is in danger , Mandy and James need to come up with a fast plan to save the rabbit . Can they save the rabbit in time ?
 This is a really great Animal Ark Pets book . A new boy named Jack moves into Welford . Mandy and James know he 's sad so they try to get him to adopt a rabbit , but Jack does n't want one . Then at a picnic the rabbit is in danger . Will Jack be able to save him in time ?
 Jack is n't sure he ever wants another pet . Mandy knows that taking care of a baby rabbit would help Jack stop missing his dog Fred so much . When the rabbit is in danger , Mandy and James need to come up with a fast plan to save the rabbit . Can they save the rabbit in time ?
 Jack is n't sure he ever wants another pet . Mandy knows that taking care of a baby rabbit would help Jack stop missing his dog Fred so much . When the rabbit is in danger , Mandy and James need tocome up with a fast plan to save the rabbit . Can they save the rabbit in time ?
 Not for someone with no legal experiance , but excellent for anyone intrested in International law who is somewhat comfortable with legal phrasing . Great anthology edited by a great scholar .
 Iridescent Soul
 I am no writer . I read . I read a great deal . I have read many books . Some like this , maybe a little unsure with it 's footing . But this has a magic of it 's own . Maybe not completely origional but wonderful.If you are looking for something just easy to read with a view . I think it well worth a look .
 Iridescent Soul by M. L Stevens reminds us that the most important things in life are not big by conventional standards . The hummingbird is an effective metaphor of the always precarious , but vital and inspiring rhythms of the universe . Melding the spirit of the bird with the spirit of the family brings us back to the unity of the universe , too often forgotten in a world that values busy-ness and obliterates soul.Combining text , music and photography results in a powerful unity of presentation , bringing to life the gentle spirit that ties us to the natural world . It makes us remember that all things are connected and that the plastic superior view that we so often take from `` above '' the natural world is pathetic and shallow.The hummingbird 's constant search for food , leaving the nest 40 times a day for food , and shelter for herself and her egg , are not just physical acts but spiritual ones as well . The strong progression between the humans , the pet dogs and the wild bird solidifies the connection between one and all , and renews for us Walt Whitman 's , `` A mouse is miracle enough to stagger sextillions of infidels . `` The sensitive , powerful message conveyed very effectively by the music of word , song , and photography is inspirational . Iridescent Soul is a statement about the constant connection between the individual and the universe , a book about the unity of physical and spiritual love . It is a book well worth reading , and seeing , and hearing ...
 The book M.L. Stevens puts together in Iridscent Soul along with the CD brought back pangs of youth . There is a prayer - like quality Stevens injects into each chapter . As a child of the 60 's , I found the book beautiful , soulful and filled with honest yearnings . I endorse this book for anyone who needs to polish their soul 's up a bit . I loved it !!!!!
 Not since Johnathan Livingston Seagull have we had a book that speaks to the power and beauty of a small bird . Iridescent Soul 's main character is the hummingbird , but its message is for the human soul.It is beautiful , light , transcendent , and hopeful . A great gift !
 Iridescent Soul is a wonderful story and parable of life . In a very unique format of story , music and photography , the book reveals the oneness of all life and the connectedness we have will all that surrounds us . In this short story you get all the depth of life ; from birth and tragedy to joy and death and a vision of what is beyond.The format encourages one to read and re-read the story with the music , without the music , with just the music or even attempt to use the music as the story and then use the text as the supplement.Like scripture each reading reveals a bit more of the myriad of esthetic and spiritual elements present to the eye and ear.It is a book that can be enjoyed by people of almost any age . From the simple story a child can understand to the hidden depths of the parable and its unending interpretations.I hope you will enjoy it as much as I did.Rev . Greg GarlandPastor , United Church of Broomfield
 This little book with its 12 songs , I think , should have universal appeal . My mind wandered to my boyhood by the simplicity of the story . And yet , its profundity , its spiritual intensity really struck a grownup 's heart . I 'm not much of a musician , but reading the lyrics with the notes underneath each word was like riding the tip of an iceberg ; I could feel the mass and power just beneath the surface ...
 `` IRIDESCENT SOUL `` The book `` Iridescent Soul '' is a personal book that translates the movements of the hummingbird into an emotional journey for life . It has an admirable sense of writing that is full of descriptive vivid pictures of serenity and spiritual escapade . I have realized that I am putting the essence of the book , personally for me , as a wonderful gift for the soul ... The connection of the pregnant woman , dog , little boy and songsto the hummingbird is magical , but it 's not fantasy . I want to say that the songs -LRB- all done in instrumental -RRB- highly speak of the emotional fruits taken out from each of the episodes of a hummingbird 's journey . I am inspired to take myself for a walk in the mountains and see for myself what the nature has to say about me and what I could say about the nature . If only I could afford to bring myself in one I can call sanctuary , I would loveto see a hummingbird and gently press my hands against its breast and feel my emotions and its emotions . Everyone of us I think could relate to the book . Symbolical . Emotional but it 's not sentimental . I am so delighted to have read such a work where the writer had ultimately captured the soul that is with the hummingbird and in this way , I think , nature is blessedto have a work and a writer that sees her.It was indeed a dramatic , and colorful moment together with the hummingbird . Why should I say just a moment ? Well , indeed , a colorful journey . Thanks for letting me read this book.-Henry G AngelesManila , Philippines
 This is one of those books I 've bought again and again . It 's a beautiful coming-of-age story set in the French countryside . I first read it back when the earth was cooling , and I have no idea what became of that original copy . I bought it again as an adult , loaned it to a friend and never saw it again . I recently bought it yet a third time , a used copy on Amazon , and this one I 'm not loaning out.Greengage Summer is a delicious melange of mystery , romance , travel writing , and character study . I 'm surprised it 's no longer in print , because I truly think it 's a classic . It started me reading everything Rumer Godden 's written . I like her writing tremendously , but Greengage Summer is her best.When Mum is confined to bed in a small French village , her children are left on their own in the pensione . It 's mainly the story of the oldest daughter 's blossoming toward maturity , but it 's more , much more , than what appears on the surface.Read it , and loan it to a friend - but be sure you get it back !
 The Grey children are taken to France by their mother to visit the battlefields of WW1 in the hope that it will make them less selfish . However , she is taken ill as soon as they arrive at their destination , the hotel Les Oeillets , and the children find themselves bewildered and frightened in a strange land with a barely conscious mother . They are befriended by Eliot , a charming and enigmatic Englishman staying at Les Oeillets , who sorts everything out . With their mother in hospital , the children are free to explore this strange and exotic new world , so different from the dull suburban English town they have come from . They get to know all the people at the hotel , Mamzelle Zizzi , the beautiful but slightly haggard proprietor , who is clearly besotted with Eliot , Madame Corbet , grim and unsmiling , who equally clearly detests him , and all the rest of the staff . They make friends with Paul , an orphan who is an overworked drudge in the kitchen , but dreams of some day owning his own lorry . The story is narrated by Cecil , thirteen years old , who observes everything , especially the growing attraction between Joss , her exquisitely lovely elder sister , and Eliot . As Eliot spends more and more time with the children , Mamzelle Zizzi 's jealousy grown , until it finally explodes one night in a scene that terrifies and bewilders the Grey family . The children try to retreat from the scary grownupworld to their safe childhood idyll , but it is too late , the happy atmosphere is poisoned . As Eliot 's behaviour grows more mysterious , and Mamzelle Zizzi continues to simmer with jealousy the story heads inevitably towards disaster . All the characters in this book are fascinating , from secretive , sexy Eliot to the drudge Paul , and you feel totally involved in their lives . The atmosphere of a French summer is so vividly described , you can taste the greengages the children stuff themselves with , and smell the eccentric French plumbing . A gripping and poignant story of lost innocence , this book is based on actual events in Rumer Godden 's youth , and is quite unforgettable .
 I first read it when I was 12 and then again when I was 22 . It is a wonderfully written and deepy perceptive book about growing up -LRB- amongst a host of other things -RRB- . Please read this book if you have not and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do . Other books by Rumer Godden are also brilliant - eg . In this house of Brede , Black Narcissus , Two under the Indian Sun , The River . She is also one of the very few writers who -LRB- IMHO -RRB- really loves India and writes like she is an insider and not an outsider . Enjoy .
 Like many of the other reviewers here , I first read this book when I was about 13 . -LRB- I am now in my 40 's -RRB- . A few years ago I was lucky enough to find a copy , but was nervous that perhaps it would n't be as good as I remembered ... however I enjoyed it at least as much as I did when I first read it ! I just gave this book to my 11 year old daughter and am enjoying watching her fall in love with it too . The characters are so fascinating , and the descriptions of the french countryside , the old hotel in which the story takes place , and the food just transport you . You hate to see the book end!Rumer Godden is a fabulous writer of both adult and childrens ' books ; this is definitely my favorite .
 I was given this book the spring I turned thirteen by my favorite aunt , who had read it when she was about thirteen . It has become as beloved to me as it was to her . It is a beautifully written story about the pain and excitement that accompany the time in one 's life when the things of childhood get left behind for the lures of adulthood . Sensitive , it glorifies neither state , but shows the pains and pleasures of each . I wanted to buy if for my younger sister , and am devastated that it is out of print . If you can find a copy , do . It is infinitely worth the time . But be warned , you too will want to pass this treasure on .
 A former `` diplobrat '' who grew up abroad , I identified with Godden 's description of a child 's first encounter with France . The effect of their foreign adventure on each family member develops along with an excellent plot -LRB- not usually Godden 's strong point -RRB- . Even better than the character descriptions is the evocation of French country life at its most seductive -- `` next best to being there . ''
 I read this book at the age of 14 -LRB- 30 years ago -RRB- and will always be grateful to Rumer Godden for all she taught me about life . This novel , centered on the conflicts and misunderstandings between adults and children -- and their profound effects -- showed me that somewhere , there was an adult who remembered and understood the pain and confusion of adolescence .
 Originally published in 1958 , The Greengage Summeris a lush coming of age novel that might have been aimed at the young adult market , featuring as it does the five Grey children virtually on their own in France . Their father is a botanist and seldom home , so their long-suffering mother marches them to the champagne country of the Marne for summer holiday , intending that they should be edified by seeing `` what other people have given . '' The bedraggled troupe arrive at a hotel named Les Oeillets where the proprietress , Mademoiselle Zizi , is horrified at the sight of them . Her `` special friend , '' the cheerful Englishman Eliot , arranges for Mrs. Grey to have hospital care and appoints himself guardian of the children.The eldest , sixteen-year-old Joss , is taken to bed for some time with a stomach upset . That leaves her thirteen-year-old sister Cecil , our narrator , in charge -LRB- so to speak -RRB- of the three younger children . They spend their days roaming the gardens , gorging themselves on plums in the greengage orchard , picnicking along the river , and getting their noses into everything while remaining invisible to the adults who do n't want to see them anyway . Their slim command of French just adds to the hazy , exotic quality of their holiday.Ah ! but Joss and even young Cecil are `` standing with reluctant feet / where the brook and river meet , '' writes Godden , quoting Henry Wadworth Longfellow 's poem `` Maidenhood . '' They learn very little about the war -LRB- other than from the bullet holes , blood stains and buried skull carefully restored from time to time at the hotel -RRB- , but they learn much , much more about the pleasures and risks of adulthood . Joss has blossomed and Eliot ca n't take his eyes off her , to Mlle Zizi 's rage , and then there is the kitchen boy , Paul ... This book has flashes of humor that remind me of another long-loved book
 When the dog bites , when you 're feeling blue , simply get a copy of The Greengage Summer to gorge on its luscious and heady prose . Godden is a timeless writer and I 'm fairly sure this started life as ` adult ' rather than ` children 's ' fiction - for all the worth of those meaningless categories . I guess the teen reads did n't exist then and this seething , hormonal coming-of-age novel captures the very essence of that moment when knowing youth casts its spell without being able to foresee the consequences , for it to appeal to younger readers , but I wonder if the hindsight of growing-up add another layer or three . The prose is limpid , laden with resonance and the characters are wondeful . I can smell and see the summer and its dangerous allure . Nicely tragic too -LRB- in that noone actually dies , but the consequences of playing with adult-hood are suitably dire ! -RRB- . It is a book I turn to time-and-again and recommend unstintingly to anyone who 'll hear me out .
 In `` The Greengage Summer '' five English youths have their vacation trip to the battlefields of France derailed when their mother develops a disabling illness due to an insect bite . While she is in hospital , they stay at a hotel run by two sour proprietors and peopled by an eccentric cast of characters . Each of the youths pursues his or her interests -LRB- painting , photography , etc. -RRB- while exploring the hotel and the grounds nearby . They befriend the handyman Paul , a young man with a perplexing past , and bond with their temporary guardian , Eliot , whose background , they eventually discover , is even more disturbing . In their summer stay , the children also stumble upon a mystery . As they collide with a foreign adult world , they receive an education , but not quite the one their mother originally intended .
 One of my top books of my 7 decades of reading ! Love the way it 's told in the voice of the 13-year-old . Great descriptions of the French setting in the country !!
 Thanks for providing me with an oldie but goodie . The Greengage Summer came to me in great condition for an older book .
 If I think of World War II I think of King Rat - a novel of suffering and misery , but also a novel of man 's triumph over insurmountable odds , and how life can be good when it really should n't be . It is both graphic and wittty , poignant and savage , and it leaves you wishing there was more to the story than you are given . But then that 's war is n't it - many of these men lived their lives together and then went home to different lives . It is a great book - read it .
 I read this book in my 9th grade honors english class -LRB- like the person above me -RRB- . It is so amazingly dope . It 's hard to explain the amazing feeling you get after reading it . you should read it . um , okay .
 this book is surely one of the best . its meaning is crystal clear
 For those of you who might think that a Clavell novel might be a little too long for you , this book is great , and the shortest of the six books in the Asian Saga . Plus it stands out in its own right as a book that will leave an impression on you . Emotionally , and as a result of reading a good book
 This is an excellent book , and of the Clavell books I have read -LRB- all except Gai-Jin -RRB- , this has the most interesting , if not the best , ending . It seemed to me that Clavell got slightly redundant with the `` natural disaster '' ending , but he managed to avoid it in this book . I found that the way the story and the character 's individual stories were resolved -LRB- or rather unresolved -RRB- fit perfectly with the insanity that would be occurring in a WWII prison camp . Oh yeah , the rest of the book is pretty cool , too
 I loved it ! It showed how life was in a POW camp.It was a great story . It was humorous , and very original .
 I read this novel for an oral presentation in my 10th grade honors english class . This was such a good book , in fact , that I produced a 15 minute presentation and earned a grade of an A + from a teacher that has NEVER given an A + in 30 years of teaching.In his shortest Novel of the Asian series , Clavell fills every page with meaning . His contant references back to Christ build his every aspect of the setting . The last two pages of this novel are the best two pages of literature that I have ever seen in my 16 years on this earth . I have read and re-read them over 100 times -LRB- honest ! -RRB- . I recommend this book to all audiences , but especially to those who want a book with heavy information . `` And Adam ruled , for he was the King . Until the day his will to be King deserted him . Then he died , food for a stronger . And the strongest ` was always the King , not by strength alone , but King by cunning and luck and strength together . Among the rats '' -LRB- 352 -RRB- .
 This book is so incredibly packed with info , and it is only 478 pages . It was fantastic , moving , and well-written . It is said an authos best books are autobiographical , and this holds true here . Clavell was in a Japenese prison camp , and the charector of Marlowe is based on him . -LRB- that is made more clear in Noble House -RRB- Anyway , enjoy
 Great book ! Compared to Clavell 's other works , this is a short book , although most of his works read very well . Also , `` King Rat '' has a great ending that really sums up the meaning of the entire book , as opposed to `` Shogun , '' which was a great book , but did n't really leave the reader with one lasting `` lesson . ''
 With family recently traveling to Hong Kong this series by James Clavell , was the perfect gift !! Amazon delivered on time and in perfect condition !!
 This is my first review so bear with me . This book reminded me a lot of Catch-22 by Heller because of the wartime scene and its cast of characters . Though King Rat is not that humorous , Clavell still wrote a fascinating story.His style so easily reveals the key characters and what they 're all about . Learning about King and Marlowe and Grey - early in the book , you know everything you need to know about them . The key is the dynamics between them - the interaction between them . I enjoyed every conversation between Marlowe and the King because I as the reader could feel the electricity.As it happens with any good story , you get so immersed in `` their '' -LRB- prisoners ' -RRB- situation , that you suddenly realize how much your view has changed throughout the story . That is good writing.I tried hard to read Clavell 's Shogun - heck I went traveling to another country and still could n't finish it - it 's too long - it was a great epic but I needed answers or conclusions . King Rat is much shorter and as powerful.One other mention - the version I bought included 5 or 6 sets of 10-15 pages that discussed what happened to a few of the wives of the prisoners . You can buy either version - the story of the wives ' is interesting and touching , but you 're not going to get your sappy Hollywood ending in this one so it does n't add to the story much .
 Actually , I rate this an 11 . This was the first , and the fifth , and the last Clavell novel that I have read -LRB- yes , I read it three times -RRB- . Clavell even coproduced an excellent movie adaptation in the late 60 's -LRB- though filmed purposely in black and white -RRB- which captured the entire mood of the book . The reason that this book works so well is that Clavell himself lived the story . The character of Peter Marlowe is based on Clavell himself , and it shows.This book is a brutal , depressing display of humanity at its basest . Not for the light hearted , but a must for anyone interested in WWII or in Asia .
 First of all this is the first book I have read by James Clavell and I really enjoyed it . Some of my first thoughts were that the prison was not quite as horrible as I expected , but that is where Clavell did a good job allowing us to see the prison through the eyes of the prisoners . This was a really drmactic page turner for the specific reasons that there are so many levels of plot development and happenings.The two main characters are a British air officer named Marlowe and an American named the King . This book is of course about the psyche and human nature of survival in the face of insurmountable odds . When you read through the book you will think King is not so bad and doing what it takes to survive . By the end you will see the results of his behaviors , actions , and results . The last few pages are poetic and intense . I have read a lot of novels , and this one in my opinion is up there with the classics . Also King Rat could be read by people with all kinds of varying interests and enjoy it !
 As others have noted , this is James Clavell 's first novel and definitely the most difficult for him to write . It deals with the Changi POW camp that Clavell himself was imprisoned in during the latter stages of the Second World War . Clavell 's pain of having to revisit the very harsh memories of Changi will leave most readers with a better understanding of human sacrifice and survival.Although part of the Asian saga , King Rat can stand alone as an excellent WW2 memoir . Highly recommended !
 This book , like all of Clavell 's historical fiction , pulled me in within the first five pages . The gripping story of life within a WW2 POW camp is disturbing , enlightening and dramatic all at once . The story centers around two characters and their reactions to the horror around them . As we get deeper into their lives we begin to get a picture of why life is worth living and the way that it should be lived . The ending of the book is much more telling than the end of most of Clavell 's books and does a fine job of summarizing the book 's overall purpose . By far , this is the best book that I have ever read by Clavell .
 I read this book in a long London-Toronto flight . I just could not put it off.James Clavell continues to exercise its magic by creating a captivating universe that make us dream about the relative value of things . How much would you pay for a rat leg ? We follow the king in its daily rulings and dealings with its subjects , all prisonners of war in a Japanese camp during WWII . How can a corporal rule a camp and its general . How can cunning and ruthlessness elevate a man on a throne . This is a very strange american dream that is depicted in this novel.All rights reserved to The Reviewer Provided by courtesy to Amazon.com
 King Rat serves up a tale of advantage and envy in a less than desirable enviroment , the Changi prison . Changi prison becomes a microcosm of human nature and how base it can really sink when all the comforts and luxuries that so many take for granted are stripped away . A vicious Darwinism takes over as those who can survive and those who ca n't barely exist or worse . Is the Rat wrong to make himself -LRB- & his cohorts to a lesser extent -RRB- as comfortable as possible during his stay in Changi ? That is the question the reader has to ask themselves after reading this novel . Some of the King Rat characters are referenced further in Clavell 's chronicle of the Straun family & Asian business intrigue , `` Noble House '' .
 All right , so King Rat 's a thriller , used bookstore fodder for thirteen year olds . It 's still one of the best in the genre , with great characterizations and an ending that puts to shame most of today 's `` profound '' bestsellers . King Rat differs in its psychological , internal approach to the POWs trapped inside the a Japanese camp in Singapore . Buy it for the thrills , but read it for the emotion .
 Well ... I really despise reading . I hate it with a passion . There has never been a time when I decide to just `` pick up a book '' for a good time , I usually wo n't even consider that in my plans . However , a few summers ago I picked up King Rat . And I picked it up again a few weeks later . I lost it , but bought it last summer . I finished it in a weekend because I just could n't put it down . I read it again a couple weeks ago . Every time you finish that book , something just comes over you , I swear it . It 's the most amazing book I have ever , or will ever read in my entire life . Now that that 's done , I can go paint my nails .
 At one time or another I 've read most or all of James Clavell 's novels . KING RAT is by far my favorite . I 've lost count of the number of times I 've read this novel . I also own the movie version of the story on DVD ; and yes , I 've lost count of the number of times I 've watched the movie . I like the book better.Clavell survived as a POW in WWII . The sub-story is that the Peter Marlowe character in KING RAT is a fictionalized version of James Clavell and that the Corporal King character is a fictionalized version of the buddy in the Japanese camp who actually saved Clavell 's life.I think all of Clavell 's novels made it to either TV or Movie form ; in some cases he wrote the screenplays , in most , not -LRB- he was too busy doing other more important things in Hollywood , or writing his next blockbuster novel -RRB- . His career in Hollywood is almost as impressive as his novels -LRB- Due to lessons he learned the hard way in the POW camp ? Correction
 James Clavell is renowned for his works such as _ Shogun _ and _ Noble House _ . This darkly autobiographical novel was , so far as I am aware , his first literary work . It remains his best.Clavell was a prisoner of the Japanese . He was held at the infamous Changi prison on the eastern end of Singapore island as described in the novel . Like the protagonist , Peter Marlowe , Clavell came from a good family , though due to his eyesight he was in the Royal Artillery , not the Royal Air Force -LRB- a little harmless wish-fulfillment , there -RRB- . I think the novel impresses so many readers due to its stark simplicity and forthrightness , particularly in describing the moral dilemmas that confront Marlowe . With the issue of survival in the balance , does morality become relative ? Marlowe concludes that the only man who could answer his questions , his father , is dead -- killed on the Murmansk run . But just as Changi is rebirth for Marlowe , perhaps it is the King -- the trader with the Japanese -- who becomes Marlowe 's father and answers those questions.There are many , many layers to this book . I have read it many times and have always walked away with something new . As with the Changi experience , itself , I sense that there is never complete resolution.Clavell died several years ago . I hope that he found peace.Add this work to testaments like Iris Chang 's , _ The Rape of Nanking _ , as a remembrance of what the Japanese did to the defeated .
 Of all Clavell 's books , this has always been my favorite . I will not deny that Clavell tends to use the same story and characters in every novel -LRB- compare shogun with tai-pan and noble house -RRB- . I love all his books -LRB- even gai-jin which few seem to enjoy -RRB- , but King Rat is the best . It really makes you think about human nature , and what 's really important in life . All these people grew up in a certain lifestyle , and suddenly and thrown together in a POW camp , and under brutal circumstances . I have done research on POW camps at this time , and the findings are not pleasant , so it really is interesting to see how people change , and what they really value . Seeing as how Mr. Clavell spent time in Changi himself , all that we see in King Rat is an extension of that , and so you can really appreciate what he endured . It for these above reasons that I truly enjoyed this book above his other great novels , and why I have read several times over .
 King Rat has many unique aspects amongst the other novels in the Asian saga : - It was written first , with less connections to the rest of the series . - It 's the shortest of the lot . - It 's the most autobiographical , as Clavell spent time in that same prison . - There is the least cross-cultural interaction.Having said all of this , this WWII POW survival story is a compelling study of what people do to survive . In a sense , we all become rats , with one as king . Much of the book studies the manipulations between folks vying for power . There are the Americans trying to enforce prison standards . There are people living off of rank to hold a grasp of dignity . And then there is the King of the title , who finds a way to transcend above the problems , living off the black market and a network of informants.We are introduced to the character that most closely resembles Clavell in this novel too . Though he reappears in Noble House , we first catch the author as the King 's sidekick , a downed soldier who has to struggle with where his loyalties are.I can not recommend the series enough . Whether you go through it chronologically as written , or in the order of time periods written about , you 'll find this a deep addition to the series .
 This is the only only book that written that in my opinion supplants Clavell 's own Shogun as perhaps the best historical novel ever written.Partly autobiographical , King Rat recounts the story of Phillip Marlowe , a character no doubt based on Clavell himself , and his years spent in the notorious Singapore POW camp known as Changi during WW2.What is so stunning about this novel , is that perhaps because of the very real life experiences that forged its narrative , it becomes more than mere words on paper , it becomes a very real world where the old class lines are broken down as officers and enlisted men sleep in the same mud huts , where getting an egg in your rice for dinner constitutes a great day , a transvestite becomes the sexual icon of the whole camp and the very concept of traditional ethics and morals are challenged.What makes this novel so very magical is that the depth with which the characters and their respective personalities and fates resonate with the readers , their laughter becomes your laughter , their sorrow becomes your sorrow , their joy becomes your joy , very rarely is a novel simultaneously able to so superbly entertain and make you affect your outlook on life , after the end of this short novel you will feel as if you have emerged from three years in a Singapore prison camp , and like the men in this novel , you will never be the same again .
 This book is lumped into the `` Asian Saga '' series of James Clavell , and yes , it takes place in Asia , but bears no other true resemblance to the rest of the saga . It 's shorter , of course , but it 's also not an epic ... it takes place in a POW camp almost entirely.The character of King , the American trader who lives high-on-the-hog through his wheeling and dealing , is fascinating in the feelings of hatred & envy he generates . Everyone wants to be close to him , not because they like him , but because he can afford to give away cigarettes , share an egg , pour coffee , etc. . He has learned to manipulate the system totally to look out for # 1 . He makes friends with unassuming British fighter pilot Peter Marlowe , who at first acts and translator and later as partner and friend to King . His character goes through lots of development , and he is really the conscious of the camp . Although not written in the first person , we really see things through his eyes.The book is packed full of colorful characters , many sketched only briefly , yet Clavell makes us see them all , and understand them.THere are moments of high drama , where our characters are close to being caught or captured , and the plot moves at a brisk pace.I found the ending of the story to be just a tiny bit rushed , BUT it made some powerful statements . When the war ends , the fear that sweeps through the camp , first that the Japanese will take vengeance on the POWs and second , the fear of `` what do we do now , '' is very convincing . It 's not what I ever thought the liberation of a POW camp would be like , and it really made me stop and think . And the dynamics that occur when the first officers from `` outside '' show up to help liberate the camp are fascinating.This book is an exploration of the human spirit that is dramatic , moving , occasionally funny and always unexpected . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!
 James Clavell 's King Rat is a poignant , resonating tale about humanity and struggle in incredibly dire situations -- namely , the World War II Japanese prison camp of Changi.The bulk of the story , consisting of the life-and-death daily turmoil among the POWs , is deeply affecting and intriguing . Clavell writes concisely and powerfully . The brief descriptions and terse dialog amplify the emotion and passion of the story . It is not often that a book is truly `` hard to put down '' for me , but this was one of them . The pace of the book and the compassion I developed for the characters was such that I really did n't want to stop.The ending left me profoundly melancholy -- not necessarily a bad thing . Clavell creates intense moral questions for the reader about honor , duty , loyalty , love , and a thousand other human emotions . As the war ends and the prisoners are faced with the somehow-terrorizing concept of returning to normal life , the reader comes to grips with what truly matters in life , the hope and faith of the POWs , and the joy of life in the face of death.King Rat is a whirlwind of emotion and adventure . It will heighten your understanding of World War II history and leave you questioning . A grand tale .
 An American corporal manages to swindle and manipulate his way to being the `` King '' of a Japanese POW camp . The one thing that sets this aside from Clavell 's three other novels that I have read , aside from being semi autobiographical is the protagonist . The King has a rascal like charm to him that makes the character highly readable and fun . He is the underdog . Plotting and conniving to make a buck and sticking it to his superiors and relishing it . A man in the right place at the right time . He befriends a British Lieutenant by the name of Marlowe -LRB- A nice little nod to Joseph Conrad -RRB- whose honor and integrity is arguably the the conflict in the book . Finally , on the opposite end of the spectrum , you have the dutiful yet pitful antagonist Lieutenant Grey . Who , while morally and lawfully in the right , alienates himself by taking himself too seriously . These three make for some great tension and are the main drive of the story.I was pleasantly surprised to find that this was not an epic , despite this being his most personal story . However , Clavell fans will not be disappointed . The protagonist thinks two steps ahead of everyone else -LRB- I would hate to play chess with the author -RRB- and I would not be surprised if King 's shrewdness was a precursor to Toranaga in Shogun . Any less qualified author would have made this story into glorified genre pulp . For those struggling for a visual reference , think Bridge on the River Kwai and Pappilon . A great read and highly recommended .
 This , in my opinion , is the best of three books and movies about Japanese World War II prisoner of war camps . The others , also very good , are Bridge on the River Kwai and Empire of the Sun.The theme is how men survive in the horrendous conditions of POW camps . Set in one of the worst camps , Changi , near Singapore , an American corporal , called The King , thrives . He is street-smart , unscrupulous , the most powerful man among the 10,000 prisoners , and somewhat appealing in his vulnerability . The King is also honest -- at least about himself -- and the only other honest person in the book is his antagonist , the wretched , diarrhea-ridden British cop , Grey , who is attempting to rise above his lower-class origins . Most of the other British officers in the book are revealed to be vicious hypocrites.The King and his callow , worshipful friend , a British pilot named Marlowe , outsmart everyone ... but then the war ends , and the real world begins again . This is a good tale on several levels
 Warning
 There we go again , after Shogun this is my second book by clavell . The best thing about the book is that the author did not try to justify the war . Japs were not the villains . Its was something bigger ... situations ... the situation , time was the biggest enemy . Just how mean people can get when the find themselves in bad situations . it is quiet true people can actually forget that they are fighting for the good side when it comes to saving their lifes.Mr clavel who actually went through all this , has written the book with an emotion -LRB- cant tell axactly is it anger or nostalgia -RRB- The book is a must read for every book lover
 Book is about World War II.Prison in Singapore , officers and soldiers , relationships , tragedy they all must go through.Very tens and brutal story .
 After reading Tai-Pan , I obviously wanted more of the same . This is exactly what King Rat is . It takes place in a very different time and surroundings , but you know you 're reading James Clavelle . The beloved character descriptions , the adoration of the hero -LRB- Tai-Pan in Tai-Pan and the King in King Rat -RRB- , the great plot and events , etc. . Great book !
 this book ... is perfect . . it shows how the inteligence is much more better than the force or something like that ... i 'm really love this book , it is perfect
 It may take time to read . But its writing will put you where the charater is . James works still lives to this day . It is amazing ! The story of how one man controls a prison , how a man is pitted by his wits to his what he can take phsycaly . If you like lititure books , then James Clavell is the best at his books . Try it out . And try out Shogun !
 I borrowed this book from my grandfather , and I was amazed . Such an intricate , fascinating story of of human mental survival . It 's incredible how some , when put in a certain situation , die easily , while others have what it takes mentally to survive . It is an excellent book and of all of James Clavell 's , this is my favorite .
 This is a magnificent book . It details the horrors of war and the inhumane conditions POWs were forced to face , but it also is a carefully crafted tale of friendship , and how people can thrive in the most unlikely places . I disagree with the reviewer who thinks it is a depressing book - it is a novel of the human spirit , with a dash of good old capitalism thrown in for good measure.Again , it is a wonderful book . It will stay with you for a long time .
 I 'll be honest , this is a depressing book . But it is about a depressing subject . This is a semi-autobiographical look at the author 's internment in one of the Japanese 's POW camps , Changi . It is a statement on the ingenuity and cunning of mankind , but also of its brutality . If you 're looking for a quick , solid read , this is it .
 This was one of the best books I have ever read ... Easily , easily the best book by this author
 Once again James Clavell has exceeded my expectations and written a real gem . The characters and scenery are so richly described that I felt I was in the camp with these unfortunate men . I would encourage anyone to take the time to read this book ... and then , go back and read the rest of his novels .
 The way that James Clavell compared humans to rats at the end of the book . It really showed how humans can revert to their basic instinct when it is nessesary .
 King Rat , tied with Shogun , is the best of Clavell 's Asian Saga . He incorporated , and illustrated the very core of what it is to be a man . What makes this book an instant classic , is the simple , yet horrific , setting . Also , Clavell was able to fill each page with such meaning , he did n't have to make a several-hundred-page-behemoth of a book in order to digest the meaning within it . Compelling was the depth that a man falls to in such a desolate existance , and the measures required to lift a man up to some degree of dignity . For his ability to depict the strength of charicter of this western man in asia , Clavell has earned a place of honor among the great novellest of our time .
 Great ! Reminded me of The great escape only without the escape . Very moving .
 The book is deeply moving and thought provoking . What is really important in life ? How would I develop or handle such circumstances if put to reality ? What is moral or not and where is the fine line between survival and death ? All of these questions are posed by Clavell ... What a masterful portrayal ! Clavell is such an outstanding writer ! Sho-gun was my first read . . This one is a classic also !! Recommended .
 The whole time devoted to reading this book was a magic spell to me . This book must be recommended as a text book for students . Because you can see the diffrences between haves and have-nots , how they become what they are , how strong the diffrences are . In KOREA we have a similar novel `` OUR DISTORTED HERO '' by a famous writer . but ` KING RAT '' is more vivid and has more juice . Reading this book you are going to see what your life will be like . And in the end you are going to get this result , `` LIFE IS BUT A DREAM ''
 This is another fabulous work by James Clavell , a stand-out in his collection . Even though the book was set in a prison camp , all I thought about was that I wanted to be ` The King ' . A rivetting story of life and death , friendship and betrayal . Shorter than his other works , but equally valuable .
 The King visits the jungle village . James has shown them to be predominantly Muslims . Yet they are having a feast of Pork . I have read and have all the books of James Clavell and enjoy them . I feel this is a gross mistake.VIRENDRA PAWAR PUNE INDIA e-mail
 King Rat is set in a Japanese prisoner camp in World War II . Most of the novel deals with the interactions among the prisoners -LRB- who are British , Australian , American , etc. -RRB- and between the prisoners and the guards . The main theme is whether or not each prisoner is morally required to help the other prisoners , or whether in this setting it 's `` every man for himself '' . The main character is someone who took every possible advantage for himself at the expense of the other prisoners . He becomes the most powerful force in the camp , but he has to sacrifice his humanity to do so . I found this book to be well written and thought provoking ; I would recommend it to anyone but especially to anyone contemplating military service .
 Clavell is the best story teller of the twentieth century . His works are accurate , compelling , and timeless . An hour with this book `` King Rat '' goes by like a second . I have read Shogun , while much longer , it is also impossible to put down . Buy this book now .
 A very good read , this novel is more `` complex '' in the character development then Tai Pan or Noble House . But the plot centers on an anti-hero , and shows the darker side of capitalism . A sharp break from the heroic figures of industry that I personally loved in Tai Pain and Noble House . After finishing the book you may be a little upset and wondering `` what the point was the novel trying to get across ? '' I honestly do n't know , the ending leaves you trying to figure things out on your own . But that 's the beauty of the book at the same time as its biggest fault . This is a book you appreciate more and more after finishing it .
 Although there is nothing patently wrong with King Rat , it is my least favorite of the first three books in Clavell 's Asian Saga . The novel takes place entirely within a POW camp run by the Japanese in Singapore . The plot is engaging and I spent a couple of days eagerly flipping pages until the end , but I did n't get the sense that I had learned anything about Singapore the way that I felt I had learned about Japan and Hong Kong from reading Shogun and Taipan . In the book 's defense , it is an excellent account of life in a POW camp and the ends to which people will go to survive in them , but I am hoping that King Rat is not a harbinger of things to come for the remaining books in the series .
 King Rat is a fairly accurate depiticion of life in a Japanese POW camp . He glosses over the harsher points of camp life , but leaves enough to give a good pitcure .
 I read this when I was 15 , so I do n't know if it was ` deep ' or anything , but I can say I enjoyed it quite a bit .
 The smallest of the Asia series focuses sharply into a POW camp in Singapore during WWII . Unlike the other installments of the series this is intensely intimate and the author does a great job expressing the feelings and agony of survival in the camp . With the constant specter of death in its many forms -LRB- tropical diseases , betrayal and starvation -RRB- hang over these men you ca n't help but get involved in there tale .
 I first read King Rat back in about 1988 and decided to read it again last month . Twenty-two years later , it has lost none of its greatness . I enjoyed reading it back then and I enjoyed reading it again this time around , perhaps even more so because I have learned a lot more about World War II in the Pacific theatre since then . Other reviewers have already done a splendid job of explaining the story and the reasons why they gave it five stars , I 'll just toss my own five stars into the mix by saying this is a terrific book and a powerful , though-provoking story that is well worth anyone 's time .
 As many have noted , King Rat is based on Clavell 's own experiences at the dreaded Changi POW camp in Singapore during WWII.Filled with unforgettable scenes and characters , and tightly written , this book grabs you on the first page and never lets go.There are numerous set pieces -- the poker game , the rat farm , the diamond sale , the camp liberation , I could go on.Add to this a powerful tale of morality amid immoral conditions , and a search for what it means to be a man amid inhumane surroundings , and you have a tremendous story that is brilliantly told.Highly recommended .
 Overall -LRB- with the exception of the ending -RRB- this book was a solid five stars and is second only to Shogun in my opinion . There are so many things going on in this book , and I could not stop turning the page.The ending on the other hand was extremely anticlimactic - hence my four-star . Sofar I have read the first four books in the Asian Saga including King Rat , and all of these books have an ending that falls flat . I was so angry when I read about what happened to the King . His sudden change in status is never really explained , and only if Clavell had made all of his endings good -LRB- Shogun was the only one with a halfway decent ending -RRB- , then this series would inch its way over to a five-star rating .
 This is a brilliant work . I was fully vested in each and every character . Whether or not you like the populace of this prison camp , if you sympathize with the honest or the desperate , you will care about the men portrayed in this effort . Even the Japanese guards are well rendered and have substance . Read it !
 The setting is a Japanese POW camp near Singapore in early 1945 . After years of Japanese neglect , near starvation diets , tropical diseases , and increasing hopelessness of liberation , British , Australian , and American prisoners are dropping like flies . A young and idealistic British pilot , Peter Marlowe , forms an unlikely friendship with a clever , street-smart enlisted American , ` theKing ' . While all the prisoners are literally walking skeletons suffering from every disease thetropics have to offer , the King inexplicably manages to eat , live , and dress normally . The King ` ssecret ? Trading.However , in Changi trading is a zero-sum gain and absolutely forbidden . -LRB- In this strange world , thecommanding British officers strictly enforce Japanese orders against their fellow inmates . -RRB- For oneprisoner to eat , another will go hungry -LRB- ier -RRB- . And the King is the master at not going hungry - looking out for No. 1 . The king even outtrades his captors . Life is comparatively sweet for theKing , albeit lonely . After all , the entire camp burns with covetous envy regarding the King.Nearly , everyone depends on the King , though , to make a life-saving trade - a watch for a bowl ofrice , $ 20 for an orange , etc. . The King decides to take the unaffected Marlowe under his wing as asort of junior partner.Marlowe is decidedly fascinated by this dynamic man -LRB- without a conscience ? -RRB- . And the King , in turn , remains mystified by Marlowe 's idealism and self-sacrifice . The King lets Marlowe in on hisadventures and his secrets , something the whole camp would like to know , too . The ever imaginativeKing comes up with a brilliant scheme to both make money AND get revenge on his camp enemies . Andthis perverted world comes to a surrealistic end with the closing of the Pacific War . Though somesurvive Changi , the experience will haunt the survivors for the rest of their lives . The question iswho will survive.This is an outstanding book , which I read in the space of two days , barely able to put the book down.Clavell 's book - based on his actual imprisonment in Changi - describes the truly surrealistic worldof an actual Japanese POW camp and the men within it . However , it is strictly a fictional account - only 2 % of the prisoners held in Changi died according to the Australian War Memorial 's Creation of Changi Prison Museum article by Kevin Blackburn .
 We should be really grateful for the strike that prevented Clavell to work as a screenplay writer and director for a few weeks in the early sixties and led them to write his first novel . In this edition there is a nice prologue by his daughter explaining what prompted him to write this book , and how quickly he wrote it . The novel is a fictionalized retelling of Clavell 's experiences in a Japanese prisoner of war camp in Singapore.Clavell does an amazing job in describing the personalities of the different characters that take part in the story . The fact that the camp held American , English and Australian prisoners provided him with the opportunity to showcase his acute understanding of the different cultures . If you add on top of that the Japanese and the locals that were in charge of managing the camp , you will find a wealth of characters that make this a mesmerizing read . There are two characters though , that are at the center of this tale , and whose actions could serve as a study in sociology . One is an American , the King , who is a corporal that has the ability to facilitate commerce , which is prohibited by camp rules , and therefore makes a very nice living , especially when compared with everyone else . When the King meets Peter Marlowe , a British Lieutenant , the contrast of personalities and moral codes could not be clearer . Thus starts an unusual friendship that will test Marlowe 's character and convictions , since he will have to decide between compromising his morals in return for better living conditions for him and his friends , and sticking to his guns and keep on living miserably.One thing that you can tell as soon as you start reading this novel , and that is confirmed later , is that Clavell is an excellent narrator and has a gift for describing characters and give them a soul . This helps understand how he can hold the reader 's attention without it wavering in lengthy novels likeShogun . In this case , the parts that deal with the secret commerce help provide the story with variety , because they speed up the pace and change the tone . It is also interesting that this edition includes the passages related to the situation of those left behind , mainly wives and kids . These provide additional insights into the lives of the prisoners , helping us understand their motivations and behavior better.In summary , this can only be defined as an excellent read . Although it has some scenes that may be hard on some readers for their brutality , I believe that the great majority of people will love it .
 Circa 1962 Clavell astounds the reader with his insight to the human condition . From the beginning until the end , King Rat never ceases to surprise and evoke the dark humor concurrent withthe grim reality of terrible circumstances . I remember seeing this book in countless rucks during Viet Nam , read and re-read , taped together , dog eared and in heavily stressed condition then , passed along .
 In my honest opinion , this was one of the best books I have ever read . Its unique setting , plot , and characters make for an unforgettable read . The emotional roller coaster that King Rat takes you through is phenomenal . One minute , you could feel dire hatred toward the King because of his treatment of his fellow POWs . The next , you could be laughing hysterically due to the idea of Colonel Smedly-Taylor paying top dollar for rat legs . After that , you would be feeling sorrow and pity toward the King . No book I have read before has left such a lasting impression on me . After I was finished , I almost wished I were just beginning it so I could experience the ride all over again . I highly recommend it for anyone who wants a thoughtful , impacting story . James Clavell will forever hold a fond place in my heart .
 This is the first book that I 've read by James Clavell and I 'll have to say I will most likely be reading more of them . I chose to read this book as a history assignment and it is perfectly historically accurate . It shows the struggles POWs went through where tobacco is such a prized possession men stoop as low as to pick others used tobacco from the ground . The plot line is slow to realize but becomes more evident as the book becomes harder to read -LRB- pages 150 on -RRB- . Overall the book really makes us feel for the people that fought for us in WW2 .
 Great Book and Series . This was the 3rd time through the Series . Just wish they had the Last and Final book in the Series which was `` Whirlwind '' when I was ready for it .
 This book is , without a doubt , one of the quickest reads I 've ever seen . Though about 300 pages long , one could realistically breeze through it in a day . Why ? Because the story flows so well as to keep one engrossed . There 's never a dull moment ; it 's always interesting , and the profiles of the main characters are excellent and poignant . Clavell 's real-life experience as a prisoner at Changi really shows , as he masterfully captures the atmosphere , mood , and times of life in a prison camp.Highly recommended .
 King Rat is historically accurate and emotionally compelling . I can truly tell that this book comes from the heart of an Australian P.O.W.
 The story takes place in a Japanese POW camp during WWII and follows a group of POWs as theytry to survive life in the camp . As the story unfolds and the characters interact the readerwill see the story as a study in human nature - how people act , interact and think in a stressful , life threatening environment.The story is very good , suspensful and interesting .
 After living in Singapore for seven years , I read a lot on the war in the pacific.This is one of my favorites . Though fictional , it captured what I saw and read about the Japanese occupation.Clavel is the one of the best .
 I found this to be a very entertaining and insightful book . That the author lived through the experience is clear as one reads . Although some of the subplots died off with no explanation and the ending was a bit anticlimactic , overall it kept me turning the pages and I finished it in two days . Some of the dialogue remains with me to this day like from a dying man : -LRB- paraphrasing here -RRB- `` From nothing and into nothing with 22 years in-between , seems kind of pointless does n't it ? '' I recommend this book as one any fan of WWII fiction should read .
 Start with Shogun by Clavell and work up to Gai-Jin , Noble House , King Rat and the rest of the Asian saga . They are tremendous and educational
 Everyone should have a copy of this book . In a POW camp during WWII , the stars and titles do n't really matter much . The low ranking soldier becomes the most powerful with his natural cleverness and slick dealings . In the most horrible living conditions , he is the King ! This book has a very deep meaning about human nature and the dignity one gives up for an extra food ration or a cigarette . But , for the King , what happens when the war is over ?
 Over the years I have reread this one several times and continue to be fastinated with this particular work . I , myself , feel this has gained `` classic '' status and eventhough I hate the term `` a must read , '' but certainly feel this book falls into that category . The work graphically shows just what people will do when faced with circumstances completely out of their control . Recommend this read for any serious student of literature , history , miliary or otherwise , or psychology as well as those simply looking for a very good read .
 An amazing story , so vivid it seems like Mr. Clavell transcribed a true story . Very real , thought-provoking . This is my first Clavell novel -LRB- although I did watch all of Shogun on DVD -RRB- and have to say I 'll be reading more of his in the near future.I liked the texture , the rawness of it all . A story of poor , helpless prisoners who create their own little ` society ' if you will , in this war camp in South East Asia . Imagine having to eke it out in those conditions.Overall , this book kept me glued and it has n't aged a day ...
 This is the fourth book in James Clavell 's `` Asian Saga '' . It is also the first book he wrote and the one that is closest to being autobiographical.King Rat really can be read as a stand alone novel . It is only about 350 pages long and does n't involve any characters from previous novels -LRB- even though Peter Marlowe and Robin Grey appear in Noble House -RRB- . It is about a Japanese prisoner of war camp called Changi in World War II.The King is an American soldier who trades camp members ' valuable items to the guards for money which can then be used to buy contraband food . This is against Japanese rules and , thus , camp rules but most officers turn a blind eye to the trading . Robin Grey is the exception and he sets out to catch the King and humble him.King Rat is a very accurate depiction of Japanese prisoner of war camps in World War II and shows that the only true rule in the camp is to survive.The forward of the book mentions that the original publication had removed the women 's perspectives . I am glad they added those parts back in , even though I wish they could have been a little more fleshed out . The big question at the end of the book is `` what happens when the surviving soldiers go home ? '' We do n't learn the answer to that question -LRB- even though we know a few things about the people left behind that the men are n't aware of -RRB- but that is the point . Changi has been the entire world for these men for so long and now that they are free , how do they go back to `` normal '' ?
 This book King Rat , is one of the best genre fiction books you could ever come across . The detail of the plot is just so unexpected . All this happened in a miserable military concentration camp -LRB- which is what it was in Changi during ww 2 -RRB- It is fresh and well written and psychologically real as if it was written recently and yet the book itself is older than the Beatles . There are at least 5 astoundingly original characters in this book as well as the usual corruptable military types.Corporal King -LRB- King Rat -RRB- is one of the less astounding but is completely believable as a street wise American who benefits from the moral shambles aroung him.The author , the late James Clavell-an Englisman - was imprisoned in Changi by the Japanese , himself as a young Captain.It is beautifully written within the tough prisoner genre that the book belongs to.If you like WW 2 stories about near triumphs and near misses over moral corruption you will really admire this classic book .
 Whether you are a fan of Clavell 's Asian Saga or a casual reader , you will surely enjoy his first major book about prisoners of war at Changi in Sinapore during the Japanese occupation . Because Clavell himself spent time in the POW camp , he has a real perspective of what life was like in the camp . He is able to describe to the reader a sense of competitive community that the prisoners had amongst one another and that it seemed the Japanese hardly had a role at all . One enterprising character is able to make a great deal of money and garner a large amount of supplies at the envy of most others . The title itself has a cryptic meaning that only reading the book will dissolve ...
 This is the great ass-whuppin ' that released James Clavell 's literary chi-flow and allowed him to become the eternal master of intelligent historical potboilers . Never mind Umberto Eco 's `` Seven Seas Jim '' high-cappin ' in `` Foucalt 's Pendulum , '' James Clavell lays down some staggeringly beautiful historical yarns . And this , the one that came straight from his own horrifying experiences , is the one that started it all.Where Remarque , Hasek , Grass , Vonnegut , Heller -LRB- and the list goes on -RRB- tell us the obvious truth that war sucks , Clavell fell into the ninth circle that the others were lucky enough to avoid . And he emerged with one novel that will make you sick even while you enjoy the heck out of it.King Rat , while short and spare , is truly the prerequisite to Shogun , Tai Pan , and all his other novels . That every subsequent novel makes peace with his one-time tormentors is even more extraordinary .
 When I started to read King Rat I was not sure what to expect . I was hoping for a cross between `` Bridge on the River Kwai '' and `` The Great Escape . '' Well I was kind of right on both counts.King Rat is an authentic novel written from Clavell 's past experiences in a Japanese prison camp during the war.In a nutshell , we have an American , called The King who , back in America was as plain as dirt and who came from humble beginnings . Well ironically , while in Prison , his rough upbringing was just the thing that made him a survivor/local hero among the other enlisted men , yet among the educated British officers he was a trouble maker who would n't conform to the rules of the prison . To the Rat prison was the best thing that ever happened to him.Clavell , spent very little time on the Japanese . This novel dealt mainly with the interactions of the prisoners.Rather that a prison/war novel I felt this was more or less a character study of class systems . King Rat illustrates to us that a down and out loser from America who could n't get arrested before the war , can become the most important and cunning survivor during the war . Because , when it is the comes down to it , this is the rule of the jungle , dog eat dog . Just like the actual rat , we loathe them , we try to kill as many as we can , yet we can never seem to kill them all , because a rat is a survivor and can adapt to its surroundings . So in short , the Rat was King in this jungle.Fine novel , I recommend it .
 This book is Clavells finest book , King Rat is one the finest views into a Prisoner of War . This book conveys the inner feelings of the two main characters the King and Peter Marlowe . The setting of the Changai prison camp is disturbly real , and treatment harrowing . This book is lavishly written and fast paced , filled with only the necessary description .
 If the human condition under extraordinary circumstances interests you , then this book is a must . It 's kind of a non-sequitur in the context of the whole Asian saga , but I found it to be absolutely captivating , and a couple of the main characters make a later appearance in Noble House .
 I read the paperback version many years ago and liked it quite a bit , so I bought the Kindle version recently and was pleasantly surprised to find there was new content that had been edited out of the earlier version . A great read , as all of Clavells books were .
 When I first read the book a lot of years ago , i loved it and thought it should have been made in to a movie It 's been at least 30 years since I first read it . I enjoyed it so much
 Interesting book with a very different premise . Had read it before , but still enjoyed it the second time . Its set in WW2 , but is not really about the fighting .
 king rat was set in changi , singapore . . it 's a breath taking novel by james clavell . . its my first clavell 's novel and already it has left an amazing impression for me . . it focuses on our life and what we have to do to live by using your brain . . it shows the inner character of human beings . . how human beings react when they have nothing and they even eat dog 's meat to fulfill their hunger . . its a bit funny too . . the book shows the king 's brainstorm and how he survived and how he was fit and fine ithe camp while everybody was in a miserable condition . . it doesnt matter how you achieve ur goal or how you get the things u wanted . . but what matter is that you 've got it ... its a fantastic book and it reflects the miserable POW camp during the second world war
 Writing about a POW camp during WWII , where British , American and Australian soldiers were kept for several years by the Japanese - in the infamous Changi prison near Singapore - is a daunting topic . After all , it is rather depressing and there is not that much of a plot . Clavell does very well at describing the inhuman situtation and how some - the king Rat - of the title do better than others in this kind of circumstances . The prison world dehumanizes most of them , Peter Marlowe , is one the exceptions holding on to his upper class principles as much as can be expected under these circumstance . There is a lot about the relationship of the different classes in Englands and the lack of that in the USA . There is sort of a happy ending when most of the principal characters hang on their lives until their liberated with the end of the war.At the same time this looks like the downfall of the admired King Rat of the title , who when stripped of his power , has no friend left and dows nt seem to look forward to going back to freedom after the powerful postion he had enjoyed in the camp.It is powerful book and especially the ending makes it a book hard to forget . It does not have the wide range of other Clavell novels but it makes up for this by creating the claustrophobic world that was Changi . Quite recommendable .
 This is a truly great book . James Clavell is a master of making his audience feel as if they are immersed in the story . The relationships between people when they are placed in a desperate situation -LRB- in this case a WWII POW camp -RRB- is facinating . There is a deep insight into the main characters that is n't found in most books.This book is terrific and if you ca n't handle some of his larger books this is a great way to become acquainted with is writing . This is one of my favorite books of all time . I 've read it more times than I can recall .
 this book ... is perfect . . it shows how the inteligence is much more better than the force or something like that ... i 'm really love this book , it is perfect
 I rated this book as high as book godfather and brave new world !
 I read this book in grade 10 , and I still love it . There is n't much to say about it except that the ending is so amazing . I know lots of people find the end inadequate , but that 's because they missed the whole point of the book . I would quote the end paragraph here , but I do n't have the book in front of me .
 James Clavell has drawn upon his personal experiences of a WW II POW camp to write this novel . And what a novel it is ... I could not put the book down . I highly recommend the exciting adventures of The King and his entourage !
 I had to read this book because one of my students put it on his English reading list and I am glad he did so . Apart from it being a fast-paced , well-written account of POW 's in Asian war camps it also provides me , as a teacher , with a great hang-up for discussing differences between American and English culture -LRB- Peter Marlowe and the King -RRB- -LRB- compulsory subject to be dealt with in the Dutch English class -RRB-
 I read this book for my Honors English class in the 9th grade , and it is still , after all these years , one of my favorite books . There is no way to capture the feelings you read while reading this novel in such a short review space , but trust me , read the novel . It is powerful , well written , and extremely intelligent .
 King Rat is Clavell 's best work . The story is engrossing , with an intriguing plot and beautifully worded prose . Readers may be so amazed at this fact that they ignore the larger genius inside the work -- a study of human suffering , survival , competition , ethics , and beliefs . Fears , petty hatreds , pleasures , religious convictions , and the constraint of social rules are all subjected to a scrutiny which turns one 's views upside down . The wisdom that Mr. Clavell gained out of his experience at Changi during the war is expressed perfectly in this `` fictional '' account of life at that prison camp ; the commentary on humanity seen in all of his other books in the Asian Saga are first seen here . Quite simply , a MUST READ !!!
 This is different from the &#34; Asian Saga &#34; books . Still , it is just as excellent . Moreover , it is short and to the point . Clavell was in a POW camp so I get the sense that it is accurate , that it lauds real people through their character portrayals -LRB- indirectly -RRB- , and it scathes other people in the same way .
 I enjoy historical writing . this was excellent reading . Interesting analysis of how one survives an hostile environment . story of different survival techniques and how man &#34; can &#34; adapt however extreme .
 Like this book because it was one of a six book series by . James clavell . On . the evolution of Japan . Book . One shogun may have been the best book I ever read . I highly recommend the series to anyone who can read .
 The first book written in James Clavell 's disparate six-novel `` Asian Saga , '' `` King Rat '' is nothing less than a monumental achievement.The novel is set in a prisoner-of-war camp during World War II , and its characters and their actions ring true , mainly because it is a semi-autobiographical work by Clavell , who was a POW himself . One reads details that are only accessible because the author has experienced them.The play on the words `` King '' and `` Rat '' are numerous and multilevel . The characters are in a unique Darwinistic setting , where the only rule is to survive . Each has to look out for number one , and the interplay between the characters is fascinating.It 's a case of context influencing behavior , behavior that , in yet another context , would be abhorrent and immoral . It 's a nightmarish stage on which the characters parade , each showing why he can or ca n't adapt to his environment . Prison is prison , be it a penal institution for criminals or one in which soldiers are ensconced , and one can easily draw the parallel between the two by reading this intensely readable novel.At the book 's core is the transient element of power -- how it 's acquired by some and how different people react to it . It 's also a story of how one man can look at another and be influenced by his nature and actions , the result being the change of one 's own behavior and worldview.From a microcosmic viewpoint , the tragedy and scope of World War II are depicted through the eyes of various characters . It 's a thoroughly thought-provoking book , one that should be considered a classic . And though the statement is often overused , it undoubtedly applies here
 Unlike other James Clavell novels , King Rat had a point of reference in regard to a place and time that is embedded in more recent memories of people my age.It was not , in my view , as well written as the more completely fictional works but , nonetheless , it described very well the attitudes and stresses of humans in close contact , starving and in fear of death at any moment.The interplays between characters were well drawn to an extent that made up for the absence of the swashbuckling excitement of Tai Pan , Noble House and Shogun . King Rat was different , less exciting but despite that , enjoyable and informative.Sceptic Ian
 Terrific story , well - written . Thanks to King Rat , I 'm now in the process of reading or re-reading all of Clavell 's works . Highly recommend .
 I read all of the James Clavell novels recently and enjoyed them tremendously . I learned so much about the Oriental mind and culture . I started reading King Rat thinking it would be on the same vein . At first , I thought I would stop reading it because it was about a prisoner camp but I am so happy that I persisted through the end . James Clavell 's novel is such a great study of the human mind and soul . I learned a great deal and thought the novel was very thought provoking .
 King Rat has to be another one of my favorite novels , as it is not just a war story . It is a story of how characters react as their environments change.It has been a while since I have read the novel , so I will only refer to people by their ranks . The protagonist in the story is an officer -LRB- like a Captain -RRB- in the US armed forces . Then the main character is King Rat . As I recall , King Rat is non-commissioned officer -LRB- like a Sergeant -RRB- . Completing the chain of command would be the enlisted men -LRB- like a private -RRB- . But King Rat had the most power in the prison camp . His enlisted men treated him like a God ; even Officers could come to him if they needed him.The prison was a microcosm of society . For example , there was a man that looked like a woman . Men would fight over him , so he had to be locked up at night for his protection.I do n't want to give the story away , but when soldiers are released , the same men who wanted the feminine man and fought over him and wanted to have sex with him called him derogatory names and ostracized him in the outside world . So he waded into the water and drowned . It was an example of how people react to changes in environment . Those who have strong characters remain strong based on their convictions . This does not mean that they can not change when their environments change.However , ethical people , such as the protagonist in the story , stays true to his convictions and does not yield to the masses . Others who are weak or two-faced will change to meet the change in environment , as they are more concerned with fitting in with the majority than making the moral decision . And that is why this novel mimics a morality play .
 King Rat is an American POW who economically and socially dominates a prison camp peopled with mostly British POWs of the Japanese . Life at Changi POW camp is a daily deadly race towards the time of hoped for liberation . The book operates on many levels and is infused with symbolism . One day a captured pilot , Lt Marlowe , comes to the camp and the saga of life at Changi , outside of Singapore , unravels before us.The Rat comes into conflict with the antagonist of the tale , Lt. Grey , who represents the dubious authority of those entrusted with enforcing enemy rules while keeping loyalty with their fellows . The Rat is an American enlisted man who accumulates wealth by breaking the rules that Grey must enforce . The Rat becomes a blessing to many on both sides and the object of admiration among most British officers . The Rat upturns not only the hierarchical nature of the military but symbolizes the conflict and leveling influence of free market capitalism on entrenched privilege.Perhaps the conflict in this book is also between capitalism and socialism . Perhaps The Rat is an anti socialist symbol to some while Grey is a symbol of collectivism . I think this thought is trite and lazy ... what about you?As it turns out The Rat is capable of altruism despite his greed and helps in a serious medical crisis . The Rat becomes a symbol of Existential good verses mandated compliance with good rules ... of free will rather than moral determinism.Camp life destroys conventional notions of right and wrong as war itself does ... the camp becomes a moral desert ... a rat race . A transvestite becomes the object of longing for many in the camp and then destroys himself by suicide . The Japanese themselves are caught in the web of deceit weaved by The Rat as he builds his empire on black market wealth and then destroys the authority of the camp commander who , interestingly , is a non-entity in the book . There are also literal rats in the camp.The nadir of the plot comes when The Rat decides to market a new brand of meat raised at low cost . A meat rat farm is built underneath a barracks . Rats are marketed as a new type of `` chicken . '' The rats struggle and feed off each other in a parody of the humans above them ... a rat rat race.When the camp is closed , the place where the prisoners once lived and then vanished from is abandoned by the British ... - the rat farm below , however , continues with a life-direction of its own . A new King Rat , heavy with the flesh of his comrades , emerges to carry on after the human one has left.KING RAT is worth a good read and seems written like a screenplay . NAKED ISLAND by Russell Braddon should be read along with KING RAT as a historical documentary . KING RAT was my reading companion in an old hotel in Egypt where the British Empire once thrived and then vanished.The Naked Island
 After reading Shogun I was hungry for anything written by Clavell and went on to read King Rat -LRB- which was also made into a movie that I found to be quite good -RRB- . Clavell is a master of character development and as this is one of his earliest -LRB- if not earliest -RRB- works , one can see the greatness of this author who would go on to write at least one of the best books of our time -LRB- Shogun -RRB- . This book which takes place in a Japanese prison camp located in Singapore Island during WW2 and it centers on one of the few Americans imprisoned among mainly British and Australian prisoners . The American thrives in this harsh environment and manages to possess more than anyone else and has a knack for making money . It is a character study about greed , friendship , war-time relationships and social hierarchy . It 's a well written book and an interesting story that is remembered long after the book is read . I highly recommend it and would have given it 41/2 stars if allowed .
 Since buying this book here at Amazon -LRB- a great deal too -RRB- the wisdom and skillful writing of the author has proven to be an ongoing and highly pleasurable experience . This is a great Tarot resource , and for the pictures alone -LRB- Wegmuller 's `` Zigeuner '' Gypsy Tarot , large-size edition -RRB- it is well worth the price . Thanks , Sergius !
 Slow going , but worth the mental exertion , this 1962 survey of philosophical approaches to religion is not theology . That is , it is n't normative , so it does n't set standards for belief to defend from the presumption God exists . Instead , this analyzes the systems set up upon belief . It delineates the pro-con arguments for religion , God , and dogma , and then it judges their merits . Rather than trying to prove what faith asserts as beyond reason , it uses reason to investigate faith claims as far as logic can , before reaching a logically logical impasse or barrier.This distinction bedevils many scholars and seekers . Wells diligently , for 500 pages , shows what fifty years ago could be published by a mainstream -LRB- and not university -RRB- press , Random House , as a challenging study for an audience able to handle `` nisus , tychism , apodictic '' as words not summoning up my red squiggles as I type them , and to know what `` Capua '' stood for metaphorically . As for me , I had to look up all four words , but overall , Wells ' careful examination rewards the reader , who , if like me , will take awhile to progress through its vast chapters . This is not a drawback of Wells ' book , but it is an indication of its rigor.I read this after J.C.A. Gaskin 's considerably peppier and compact 1984 `` The Quest for Eternity '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- . Much as I admired Gaskin 's primer , its minor shortcoming was that it concentrated more on proofs for and against the existence of God and less on the wider philosophical examination of religious truth-claims in historical and contemporary settings . These , Professor Wells emphasizes , can not by reason be ultimately tested , for resting by definition on faith , they elude `` evidential proofs . '' -LRB- 101 -RRB- For instance , St. Thomas Aquinas claims , as Wells shows , that God 's existence is not a theological but a philosophical problem ; theologians by nature already assert there 's a God . -LRB- Gaskin is also good on this aspect ; Wells sometimes gets impatient with his predecessors and deniers both , so testiness lurks herein . This tone of dismissal is a slight letdown in this otherwise valuable compendium . -RRB- Most people who do n't believe , Wells reasons , are n't going to be convinced of God by such philosophical proofs ; however , science may dissuade those whose lack of faith is deepened by rational analysis of religious textual or dogmatic claims that can be falsified from ancient sources which tend to be lacking in accuracy . Metaphorically , as St. Augustine argued , Scripture can be interpreted when facts clash with its assertions , but for fundamentalist Protestants , as Wells sees it , they are trapped in claiming the inerrancy of Scripture even as each believer can lay claim to his or her reading of the text as true . Rapidly , this leads to endless fission in the Protestant realm , without the controlling force of Catholic interpretation imposed from above . This was written while Vatican II was convened , so a slight shift may or may not have happened since , but this observation appears accurate for the time of this book , and most times over the past five centuries.Wells deals with much material , and he can be wry at times despite his academic demeanor . He concludes about Christian boasts that it alone is the best religion by reminding readers that folks tend to show preferences for their conventional religion based far more on where they are raised than by `` any claims of cognitive or normative superiority for any religion . '' He adds that if there was a superior religion , it 'd have to have `` super-empirical '' evidence to back up its factual existence ! `` So far , the shrewdest way in which the claim to uniqueness has been defended has been to appeal to intuitive insights or divine revelations . These , however , suffer from being inexplicable , incommunicable , and , from the perspective of an independent observer , indefensible . '' -LRB- 282 -RRB- Overall , this is not an easy book to navigate , but effort pays off . Philosophy of religion is defined and contrasted with science and philosophy itself in part one ; religion is defined in a variety of ways -- belief , feeling , and ethics -- before being `` nominally defined '' and its origins probed into in part two ; the idea of God or gods takes up part four ; arguments for the existence of God comprise part five.Problems of Religious Knowledge serve as part six , as applied to truth-claims . Natural evil , immortality ; knowledge of religion as faith vs. reason comprise parts seven-nine . From here it gets a bit easier , and after 150 pages or so , issues like psychic claims and scriptural manufacture enliven this treatment . Inerrant Scripture , fixed vs. evolving religions , fundamentalism , and modernism take up parts ten-thirteen . Humanism , psychology , the church and state over the centuries , and finally science cover the remaining parts through seventeen , with a few study questions appended , leaving me to wonder if Wells ' college students half a century ago could handle such daunting material !
 Very scholarly and thought provoking . I took Professor Wells ' course in 1963 and still ponder the content of this book from time-to-time . Therefore , decided I should own it .
 The title of this book does an injustice to the poetry inside . This is n't a book for grouchy people ; it 's a book for intelligent people and discriminating readers . Braun may be one of a handful of poets in this country who is brave enough to move beyond the subjective stuff foisted off as poetry today into the realm of the intellect . His poems show incredible craftsmanship - poetic forms that would give many so-called poets today a nervous breakdown if they even attempted to give shape to their `` poems '' - and an equally powerful insight into a society that does , in fact , make any smart person grouchy . So , OK , maybe the title does make sense ...
 No matter what the topic , Graal Braun seems to find a way to say something penetrating about it . Travel , auto accidents , bumble bees , freedom , road kill , education , religion -- no subject escapes his observation . He may discuss the theme with humor , irreverence , or irony , but he has a way of zeroing in on it that gives the reader a new insight .
 Graal Brauns ' Wormwood and whines offers refreshing insights into human behavior , while adhering to , and displaying a mastery of , traditional poetic forms . Braun is never verbose or tedious ; he cuts to the quick to expose our pretenses . His poetry explores the various guises and poses which we take on to protect the fragility of our egoes ; and , in the process , Braun expresses a tough and creative resilience in the face of our vulnerability . so , while cynical on the surface , the poems reveal a grace that saves .
 I rarely enjoy modern poetry , which I find stale and overwritten , but Graal Braun 's `` Wormwood and Whines '' rises above the common mix . It carries raw energy and reality that paint a sharp image . It carries gritty truths born of observation and experience , told with wit and sprinkled with twists and turns that make you wonder where he 's headed . It 's an excellent choice for intelligent readers .
 I enjoyed reading this book of poetry for grouchy people . The author can be irreverent , sometimes laughable , but whether he deals with sports , education , religion , computers , etc. , Graal Braun uses language with skill and imagination . The words , packed with meaning , express ideas that expand in the reader 's mind , and each poem becomes a memorable experience .
 I have knowen Fritz -LCB- Graal Brauns ' `` Nom de Guerre '' -RCB- for over fifty years . We were `` Comrades in Arms '' during World War 2 . He was always witty with humor . His poetry expressed in his book `` Wormwood and Whines '' Poetry for grouchy people , is fun . It is very much poetry for today . I keep a copy on my reading stand and when I need a lift and a laugh I re-read Fritz .
 Graal Braun unleashes a full-force gale of fresh , sardonic wind through our musty , mundane cliches and preconceptions . You might think you know where he 's heading with a topic , but I guarantee there will be some twist or hook that will shatter your safe little path en route . Some of the best poetry is this unpredictable , setting you up and blind-siding you in unforeseen ways . Graal Braun -- not just for grouchy people anymore .
 This book will most likely not appeal to US students in linguistics . Because Bourdieu deals with rather abstract concepts which cover a lot of social ground -LRB- e.g. , symbolic , cultural , economic capital , field , etc. -RRB- and not enough linguistic ground , some linguists will have trouble applying concepts to the actual production of speech at the phonological , morpho-syntactic , pragmatic and discourse level . He never really deals with actual production of language by speakers , so it creates a lot of work for the reader to fill in the details of what , for example , an actual linguistic habitus might look like , what its dispositions might be , and how they might be coordinated in their habitus set.However , unlike many US linguists , he assumes there is an empirical connection between language use and larger social domains ; furthermore , he is able to explain the way power often operates through exclusion and devaluation -LRB- dialect analysis -RRB- . One of the less abstract chapters , the chapter on Searle , is excellent . Bourdieu accurately locates the efficacy of the speech act , not in the functional form of the utterances , such as christening , ordering , requesting , etc. , but in the recognition by all involved that the agent who produces the speech act has the right to be obeyed and that the material circumstances of the speech act are appropriate . Mary Jane down the street and the mayor of NY may christen a new warship using the exact same functional words , but the power of those words depends on our recognition that , in this example , the mayor , not just anybody , has the authority to name . Bourdieu masterfully argues this point , and I would recommend reading that chapter first for its accessibility and accuracy in pointing out that the extra-linguistic is as much linguistic as the linguistic .
 Bourdieu 's point is not to explore linguistics but rather to explore the larger impact that language has on shaping symbols , meaning and power in the social context . Symbolic interactionists and conflict theorists would probally find this book to be a great read .
 Pierre Bourdieu is mind-blowing in all of his writing , but this is easily one of my favorites ! The title gives you a good indication about the content of the book . If you purchase it , you wo n't be able to put it down before you finish reading it . I confess that even after that I re-read it several times . Yes , it 's THAT good !
 This is a great new book from our friends at Liesure Arts , I had so much fun looking at all the new patterns and color combos . I recomment this book take it to the yarn store with you and pick a design and then your favorite colors and enjoy .
 As a beginner crocheter I found this , my first pattern book , a delight . It was hard to choose a pattern from the 52 stylish afghans available , all illustrated with beautiful coloured photos . However , the crochet instructions were a little difficult to follow for a non-American and chart diagrams would have been a useful alternative . As would the degree of difficulty involved . But after receiving some help in deciphering the instructions , and referring to the stitch guide at the back of the book , I was able to work my way through the pattern I chose .
 I have most of the &#34; year of afghans &#34; books . This book is granny square heavy if you like that type of construction then this book is perfect . Many of the patterns while similar in construction have enough variation , you do n't feel like your just repeating the same thing .
 What a wonderful story ! I have been looking for this book for awhile now and so happy I found it .
 Huneker was an aspiring concert pianist -LRB- as well as a brilliant writer -RRB- , and his analysis of Chopin 's music and poetry are simply amazing . Like Chopin , Huneker expresses from the heart and hears the music at a whole new level . His interpretation is raw and as full in energy as the music itself -LRB- especially for etude op. 25 no. 11 and the ballade no. 1 -RRB- .
 Who can count themselves learned in Chopin who has not read Huneker 's wonderful , purple-prosy , unabashedly romantic examination of the Polish Master 's music ? If the musicology is a tad dated , the enthusiasm , the sheer love of music present on every page , are more evident than ever . This is absolutely essential reading for the Chopin lover .
 Loved the documentary about Mozart . I learned things I never knew about him . Too bad he died so young , can you imagine the amount of music he could have written ?
 Strangely , no one seems to have writen a definitive biography of Frederic Chopin -LRB- 1810-1849 -RRB- , despite the fact that he was one of the most important composers of the 19th century Romantic era . -LRB- Tad Szulc 's book , Chopin In Paris
 Au contraire to the negative reviewers . This book is the tour de force on the music of Chopin , expressed in the most descriptive and vibrant language imaginable . It was written in the late 19th Century by a man who enthusiastically explored every nook and cranny of Chopin 's genius.The book is meant primarily as an overview and examination of Chopin 's music for pianists and lovers of Chopin , written by a man who was a respected music critic and pianist himself . It 's full of information on how the great pianists of the time performed Chopin and invaluable as a fascinating read and historical document . The book was never intended as a dry encyclopedic biography of the composer , and much has been discovered about Chopin 's life in the last 100 years that can be found in other biographical sources . Those who expect Huneker to be literally correct in every respect on Chopin 's life are badly missing the point of this fascinating examination of Chopin 's life and music . Huneker adored Chopin , and his writing brims with passion , enthusiasm and incredible insight into each piece Chopin produced , though his words were never intended for the piano pedagogues only.Anyone who deeply loves Chopin will find this a unique and wonderful read . I have marked many passages , referred to it countless times , and there is nothing like reading Huneker 's descriptions of a Chopin work while you are actually listening to it performed at the same time . Huneker 's language simply reflects the florid language of his age and is truly fantastic in its descriptive detail.Zero stars on the misguided negative reviews on the book ; and 5 stars on behalf of Huneker 's little Chopin classic that has been in print for over 100 years . This is a book to be savored , and there are no other writings on Chopin that can match the boundless enthusiasm that Huneker felt for his musical god . Each page brims with Huneker 's exuberant spirit and his fervent love of music itself . A treasure from another age .
 James Huneker made an praised essay around the different stages of Chopin 's life as well an extensive , meticulous and detailed analysis about every one of his compositions . The way he analyzes and even collates this Polish composer reveals not only a deep engagement but besides a remarkable description supported by a poetic trait that stimulates still more the necessary reading.If you are engaged with Chopin 's micro cosmos , go for this notable essay .
 Great , but get Fodor 's 2000 not the 199
 Well if you like the TV show the Sopranos you will love this book . The book puts you into the show and what goes on as if you were part of it . The book is loaded with pictures of the mob charactors as if they were a real family . Allen talks with the creator David Chase bringing to you where his idea 's come from . Awalk through the fourth season . You will get to view FBI reports on the family right down to what they eat . This book is a must if you are a true follower of the Sopranos .
 A light-hearted and fun romp through the lives -LRB- including some childhoods -RRB- of major Sopranos characters . Wonderful pictures , too . If you enjoy the human aspect of the series , this book is for you .
 What I found in this book was something certainly unexpected.I thought it would just be a coffee-table catalogue with episode reviews and character profiles , but instead it was that and much more . The book is made to look like a surveillance survey of the Sopranos family . It 's pretty fun to read what the feds ` allegedly ' think about some characters or events of the show , but what disturbed me was the fiction that was written there . Some facts are mere fantasies of the author and I do n't think they are authorized by David Chase or anyone else from the creative team of the show.So , it 's a four-star book , still a good one .
 I am a huge fan of David doubilet . His photography is amazing and awe inspiring . My only quam with this book is that it is too small . Many pictures are ruined because they stretch over pages and parts are lost . The hardcover edition seems to remedy the problem though . As no content is lost to the binding . His Water Light Time book is one of my favorite books in my library . And Fish Face is already one of my favorites . The pictures are great , and he has once again proven his ability as a photographer
 Lot 's of interesting and colorful photos . I gave it to my sister , for christmas , and our whole family sat around looking at the fish for hours .
 Once again , David Doubilet shows his ingenious photography work . I really enjoyed Water Light Time , and Fish Face is proving to be a close second . Each image is carefully shot . It is wonderful to see close-up images of deep sea marine life and other creatures that one would not normally find on a casual snorkel excursion . There is a sense of humor to some of these photos , too , which makes looking at them even more entertaining . This is a perfect companion to Water Light Time !
 Doubilet has done it again . As a vintage underwater photographer of 50 years I have devoured all of his books , as an inspiration . Undoubtedly he is the best underwater photographer in the world today and his use of light and subject matter are masterly . Fish Face is an interesting and difficult theme handled with great aplomb.I recommend this work to photographers and all those interested in the sea .
 I am an underwater photographer caught up in the film vs digital debate . Mr. Doubilet 's book Fish Face , Water Light Time and his National Geographic works go a long way to keep me completely divesting myself from film in favor of pixels . At a recent lecture in Santa Barbara Mr. Doubilet indicated that he is still swimming with film with marginal mental and financial investment into digital techniques . His most credible argument in favor of film was black and white imagery and the use of filters . The unpublished works he showed us were incredible and I hope to see a collected works before digital devours us all . I have found Fish Face a good learning tool in terms of composition and and an exercise in recognize the moment and capture that moment , whereas I found Water , Light Time a good study in terms of lighting , composition and imagination . What I am really waiting for is the black and white .
 I bought this book on an impulse . It is a great buy . I am a teacher and often buy coffee table books for students to look at . This is a fun book and students will love it . I enjoyed looking at it myself and will again when I share it with others .
 I have collected many of David Doubilet 's published works and I find in this book a bit of whimsy . The pages are filled with expressions and personality and I find it funny that Mr. Doubilet likens many of his fish subjects to beloved human personalities . It is fun to go through and imagine who looks most like `` that fish face '' . An inexpensive treat to have some fun with if you like fish .
 This was such a hit with my sister who is an ocean lover . It makes a great gift . The pictures are amazing . EACH page is up close , glossy , vibrant and colorful . Great buy if you love fish and/or just art . The cover is also beautiful and it 's quite small , which adds to it 's apeal . Love it .
 Many books I buy are to keep my gradeschool grandchildren interested in learning . Thus it was with this one . Every page is a full page , quality , color photo of fish that are unusual to our every day lives . The children loved it and have spent hours with it . It is also fasinating to adults and their parents and myself have poured thru it again and again . Fish Face would also make a good coffee table conversation piece . There are no age limits to book . Everyone will benefit from it again and again .
 awesome pics beleive it there int he sea we know less about the sea then mars we need to wake up and get our food from the sea 3/4 earth is water soem can be turned to drinking water we nneed to conserve this book will hopefully make you think twice before throing anything into our precious waters peace and conserve a littel bit goes a long way
 we bought this book first at the monterey aquarium and have recently purchased it on amazon again for our montessori library . parents and children alike love looking at the pictures and marvelling at the wonders of the coral seas and barrier reef . buy this book . it 's great !
 A very good book . Nice clear pictures and diagrams . Writen in a clear concise style and touches on the most useful and practical designs . Author supplies good data for designing and assessing potential energy dollar savings .
 The subject of solar energy is more topical today than it was decades ago . This book was certainly ahead of its time . It is great reference for people who are interested in saving energy when designing a new home .
 Isaac Asimov considered his work that eventually became the Foundation and Empire book of The Foundation Trilogy to be his best , due to his introduction of the misunderstood , mutant conqueror
 Once again , Asimov serves up a thrilling read for the sci-fi fan . The two story-lines followed in the text pertain particularly to the question of if/how spectacular individuals can alter the Plan of Hari Seldon . The first pertains to a final thrust of the Empire while the second pertains to the question of an anomalous power known as the Mule.The final expeditions of the Empire attempt to take over the foundation by means of the talented general Bel Riose . Bel Riose launches a campaign against the Foundation and pushes toward victory with nearly unprecedented ease , backed by the Imperium . This first half of the book considers the power of the individual and the mass with respect to the great movements within the Foundation according to the Plan . Although I will not reveal much more than this , I will at least say that the outcome of part one is intriguing in comparison to part two , dealing with the Mule.The second half of the story deals with the relationship of Seldon 's plan to the possibility of a mutation which begets a figure who is an extremely powerful galactic conqueror , destroying the overall political milieu foresaw by Seldon . To speak much more of this would spoil the read for you . However , I must say that it is a thrilling text which kept me on the edge of my seat all the way through the end . The ending itself was such a surprise that it indeed reminded me that I was reading Asimov , for it is just the type of intellectual curve-ball that he would throw just as the novel ends.Once again , we have a stupendous text on our hands in these two . It raises major questions about the plausibility of psycho-history , some of which are raised again in the third text in the series . I suggest this text most thoroughly to all sci-fi fans . I only suggest that you at least read Foundation before reading this book .
 But Asimov is one of the greatest science-fiction authors to have every lived . His massive work adding itself to works by other such sci-fi masters
 This book is amazing science fiction novel . Asimov 's straightforward and simple way of writing presents the reader with a concise and well formed novel . The plot is amazing with its many twists and turns , although the character development is n't very strong . However , the lack in character development comes from Asimov 's style of writing in which he presents the reader with several major characters . The entire book revolves around foreshadowing of a point in history where knowledge will be lost and barbarians will rule over an ingorant civilization . In order to shroten the period of ignorance and barbarianism , Hari Seldon forms the Foundation , a group of scholars on a planet at the edge of the galaxy . Asimov uses foreshadwing to great effect throughout the entire novel to form the plot . Another device well used by asimov is symbolism . One example is the Foundation , which is used as a symbol for hope for the future . The symbols placed throughout the novel bring about a sense of profound revelation to the reader . Irony is also used very effectively in one instance . When the encyclopedists realize that all their work was all in vain , Asimov reveals the fragility of the human intellect . He explains how the composition of human knowledge is not in one single person , but is spread out throughout all of humanity , and can not be contained within one book or one set of books .
 This is a great read . A lot of great characters , and interesting events take place . This book definitely advances the whole `` Foundation '' idea , but it does stand on its own .
 My sister likes to randomly give me things , based on conversations we had weeks prior that I barely remember . I must 've been talking up Asimov -LRB- the man published enough articles/books for 10 lifetimes -RRB- because one day she gave me Foundation and asked me to read it . Not having read it herself , she said the only thing she knew about it is that it 's the book that established him . In reality , the books , initially a chapter-by-chapter series in a two-bit magazine , never made him that much money until much later in his life . So it goes.You should , therefore , pick up this book knowing only that one piece of information ; this book was his `` big break . '' It starts engagingly enough
 In a twisted -LRB- mis -RRB- reading of the Foundation series , the Japanese terrorist cult Aum Shinrikyo used Asimov 's epic as a prophecy of upcoming apocalypse and converted dimsighted guru-dictator Shoko Ashara into an incarnation of Hari Seldon . Worthwhile to sharpen your wits as you read the story to see how the zealots got it wrong -- but also how they could easily pervert Asimov 's points . -LRB- See David Kaplan and Andrew Marshall 's book , `` The Cult at the End of the World . '' -RRB-
 i 've read it 4 or 5 times already and i STIL ca n't stop after i start ! it has a plot ! something most Sci-Fi seems to be severly lacking ...
 < pr > In `` Foundation , '' Asimov produces a world so real you feel you could live there and characters so great you 'd vote for them , if only you could . < pr > In `` Foundation and Empire , '' he lets a mutant psionic loose in the galaxy . The invincible foundation is overrun , the land of your beloved characters is defeated ! < pr > And THAT 'S just the start of the fun ! This book is so well written and Asimov 's universe is so well developed , you fell as if your there when the troops of `` The Mule '' land . You want to scream as the Foundation is defeated , and when you finish this book , you want to fly to the nearest bookstore to get the next one in the series . < pr > This story is amazing . Asimov has long been regarded as the best there is , the foundation series has long been reguarded as Asimov 's best , and this book is the best of the foundation trilogy . IF you do n't read it , you should never forgive yourself .
 Could n't put any of the books in this series down . There is a college education in those books !
 What can be said about this book ? every thing ... this is truely one of the best books ever written . for one thing its written very very well , and lets the reader connect to even the most minor characters . then off course there is the endless twining of the plot , which stretches over the next too books in the series . in all three books just when you 're sure you understand the general plot and way of things , asimov comes and changes every thing completely ... this is of course a very good comparison to any empire , especially rome , and in my opinion also the USA . it doesnt matter if you like this book or that book and this genere or that genere , this is a book for every one , and its one of the few books which i can honestly call ingenious . in short ... buy it , read it , read it again ... and again ... P.S. the 4 ` th and 5 ` th books , foundation 's edge and foundation and earth ... are simply spoilers after the first 3 amazing books .
 The Galactic Empire is crumbling , and only one man can save the universe from chaos . That man is mathematician and historian Hari Seldon . To minimize the effects of the fall of the Empire , he sets up the Foundation , a group of people following his carefully laid plan to preserve the achievements of humanity . So begins the reader 's journey through hundreds of years of history and turmoil , watching as Asimov paints his picture of the tiny Foundation and its struggle to keep Seldon 's plan alive . Asimov 's characters are first-rate , grabbing the reader 's interest with their intelligence and charisma . The plot is solid and fascinating to watch as it unfolds , taking twists and turns , every one guaranteed to surprise . Originally published as four short stories , Foundation is the beginning of the classic science fiction epic , and is not to be missed by any sci-fi fan .
 Written how many years ago ? And still the cream of the crop !
 An awesome trillogy no matter how you look at it , but 1rst and third pull ahead of this one
 this book was really well done . i am a pre-teen and found in simple to understand . It is filled with action but not like pulp . Read it !
 This is a MUST for any Sci-Fi fan . Unbelievable ! It was written in nineteen fourty something and it 's as modern as ever ! This is the first part of the trilogy -LRB- Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation -RRB- , but not the first book chronologically -LRB- Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation Trilogy , Foundation 's Edge , Foundation and Earth -RRB- . Also read the robot series connected to Foundation -LRB- The Caves of Steel , The Naked Sun , The Robots of Dawn , Robots and Empire -RRB- .
 This is the best Book in the Fondation secuence . It is grate , and once I started to read it , I could n't stop . Read it !!! and you will become an Issac Asimov Fan like me .
 Foundation was a great book . It had an excellent plot , I was almost always on the edge of my seat when reading . Some moments in the book strike you as pure guniess , the way the characters got out of a tight situation . The only complaint I have wold be that the time jumps . It needed a date as to when you were , and not having to pick it up from conversations .
 The `` Foundation '' is one of the best book I have ever read -LRB- and I 've read a lot of science fiction books -RRB- . The plot sparkle and shines throughout and the reader is never left alone and bored .
 Set more than 10,000 years in the future , at the edge of a failing galactic empire , this book is n't a story so much as a series of vignettes spanning decades . The book starts by detailing the effort to create the Foundation , which will try to preserve civilization from total collapse as the Empire continues to decay . With each jump to the future , we see the members of the Foundation confront a series of crises that threaten both the Foundation and the very fabric of civilization.Asimov has done a remarkable job of creating a believable far future , with a human civilization that spans the massive space of the galaxy . His descriptions of the decline of the Empire , and of the resulting chaos at its edges extrapolates nicely from history -LRB- particularly the decline of the Roman Empire -RRB- . Though written half a century ago , very little about this book feels particularly dated , except possibly for the prevalence of characters that smoked . This book deserves its reputation as a science-fiction classic .
 Asimov 's Foundation books are well-crafted , masterfully imagined , and peopled with fascinating characters . Spanning some several thousand years , and multiple generations of characters -LRB- often more than one per book -RRB- , the author does a fantastic job keeping each set unique and captivating . The stories follow the progression of Psychohistory , a technique for predicting the future behavior of masses of people , and the people set up to use its information to further the birth of a greater galactic empire . Space battles , intrigue , mutants , telepathy and mind control , as well as personal triumphs and failures run throughout all the novels . They are , in my opinion , among the best crafted series in the sci-fi genre ever produced .
 this book is one of the most important books in science fiction historyand a must for all science fiction lovers .
 Ah , Isaac Asimov . A god , some would say , in the sci-fi genre . I picked up this book at the urging of a friend , trusting in its reputation.At first I found Foundation unusual to read , it covers large swathes of time at once . However , Asimov does this extremely well . He gives us little anchors of information or characters that we can recognize , so we can figure out where we are in the time line without him having to come out and say it.Much of the book is dialogue , which is something I have not encountered before . Most of the story and characterization is carried in the dialogue rather than through plain description . Asimov does n't tell you what the characters are thinking , he * shows * you what they 're thinking as they explain it to other characters . This rather prevents us from growing too close to the characters , but that is rather the point because the time line goes so fast.Foundation was an unusual novel , but I can see why it is still a classic . It may be a little dry for some , but I enjoyed it .
 It 's my third read of this book . First two I read about ten years ago , when my English has n't been that matured , so after reading the book in original , I immediately found a copy in my native language . Now I decided to read the whole saga and of course started from the very beginning.Just as addictive as before . And with fair certainty I can say that this is the saga that has inspired George Lucas or whoever he took his ideas from . And yet it all started with `` Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire '' ...
 When you foretell the decline of a galactic empire , you do n't make many friends . But Seldon manages to keep what he finds low key and sets into motion a series of events that will lessen , not stop , the ravages that are to come.A great sci-fi classic . One of the best from an all time master of the genre . When I was younger I tried to track down every book he ever wrote . Think I got all the Tales from the Black Widows , but am not sure.Any lover of Sci-fi will find this not only exciting , but intelectually stimimulating .
 I totally liked the pattern that Isaac Asimov established in `` Foundation , '' the first volume in what we know refer to as the original Foundation trilogy . Hari Seldon created the revolutionary science of psychohistory and mapped out a future for humanity that would allow thirty thousand years of barbarism between the existing galactic empire and the future one to be reduced to only one thousand years . Through the effort of the psychohistorians the Foundation was established with its encyclopedists . Then we saw the rise of the Mayors , the Traders , and the Merchant Princes , each representing a step on the path laid out with mathematical precision by Hari Seldon over the first two centuries of the millennium he plotted out.I was looking forward to a continuing series of Seldon Crises as the Foundation played out the rise of human civilization , thinking that what we had hear with what Arnold Toynbee had done with his study of ancient civilizations extended into a future that covered an entire galaxy . But Asimov was setting us up for something unexpected in `` Foundation and Empire '' ; the idea was that at this stage the Foundation would be threatened by the final power play of the dying Empire . But the universe is apparently tired of Hari Seldon playing with his mathematically loaded dice and has thrown the entire plan into doubt by creating a mutant , nicknamed `` The Mule . '' Now the Foundation , the Seldon Plan and the entire galaxy is facing a new and powerful threat.When I first read `` Foundation and Empire '' I was rather dismayed at the big change in direction . But , of course , Asimov knew what he was doing . He had already proven the validity of psychohistory , at least within the context of his futuristic novel , and there really is no reason to put out another four books -LRB- at two hundred years apiece -RRB- to complete the plan . Historians might find this interesting , but Science Fiction fans were going to want more than that from Asimov . Indeed , the Mule proves to be , both in terms of the story and the trilogy , the link between the Foundation and the Second Foundation . The Foundation trilogy is classic science fiction from the genre 's self-proclaimed Golden Age , and even if the writing style seems dated or quaint , it remains a seminal series .
 But , then , how could it not be when its author was the incomparable Isaac Asimov ? There are , of course , plenty of other noteworthy works by all manner of Old Masters as well as newer authors that , in my opinion , at least belong next to the `` Foundation '' series simply because they , too , are great sci-fi adventures and space opera
 This is the first book I read by the author Asimov . I know there are many more famous books from him like the Robots collections and Foundation . I picked this one for the first book simply because this is the first entry to the Foundation series , on a chronological sense . I must say surprisingly , this is a very easy-to-read -LRB- compare to Dune , Lord of the Ring , etc -RRB- , but exciting , and full-of-surprises book . At times , it also gives us thoughful issues -LRB- e.g. can we ` predict ' the future ? -RRB- , which is what we are anticipating from a sci-fi . I know from many many readers that Foundation is the best among all the volumes , but I can imagine that this is already an enjoyable read , I can not imagine how exciting the Foundation book will be . It also thrills me to read all other series -LRB- Robot , Empire , etc -RRB- so as to get a full understanding of the history under Asimov 's reign . I recommend this one to everyone who has never touch Asimov 's work before .
 As well as a trilogy that is as far-reaching as it is set in a far-distant time with characters and galactic backdrop unrivaled by any other book . Definitely one of the great science-fiction classics just like `` Stranger in a Strange Land '' , `` Childhood 's End '' , along with modern-day cyberpunk like `` Neuromancer '' , `` Count Zero '' , `` Prey '' , `` Cryptonomicon '' , `` Snow Crash '' , `` Darkeye
 It was a very interesting concept , a bit heavy on a scientific version of `` fate '' . This series of books uses the concept of random motion as a prediction for the future was quite a brilliant idea . The story deals with a genius who predicts behavior for millenia into the future and actually has recorded holograms for future people that deal with his predictions . Where I had trouble was the reliance on robots in the later books . I personally prefer the human side of things . It was an interesting read and well worth it .
 Foundation is not easy to read since most of it is politics in the Foundation Universe . It follows the plot very closely but still keeps the scifi element with things like space travel and intergalactic empires.When I read it I found the religious aspect interesting . The main characters were either scholars , politicians , or interstellar traders , and there were a lot of cloak & dagger type situations . Something I found interesting was that women did n't really play any roles until the last part of the book . It 's kinda funny to see this Emerald City -LRB- Terminus -RRB- in the middle of these warring kingdoms who think they have the upper hand . The use of nuclear power as the ultimate source of energy is a important aspect in the book . If you like lots lots of action , then this book is n't for you .
 Asimov is my favorite sci-fi writer and this book is great . Do realize that this is the first book of the Foundation trilogy and that Amazon sells all three books in a single hardcover which makes the most sense costwise . So buy the trilogy in a single volume rather than buying this first story separately .
 but just barely!Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- by Asimov ; a classic , a reread -LRB- its been at least 35 years however -RRB- , and a very quick read . Sadly , Foundation does n't hold up well at all . It 's hard to understand how such an accomplished mathematician and scientist like Asimov was so completely unaware of the coming ideas of chaos theory and how it would make his theory of ` psychohistory ' so completely improbable and even faintly ridiculous . Secondly , it 's 12,000 years into the future ... and Asimov ca n't imagine beyond the common use of tobacco products , blasters , and nuclear power ?? All that said -LRB- and I know it 's been said in many reviews in far less kind terms than I have -RRB- ... it 's still a fun story , and one can see the roots and budding ideas of lots and lots of later authors . One can only wonder what science fiction will look like 70 years from now !
 Absolutely wonderful book . Real science fiction is not about blasters and spaceships , it is about people who 've been put in extraordinary situation and how they react to it.I would recommend this book to anyone .
 One more trip outside my usual reading waters . Science fiction . Foundation makes me remember why I loved science fiction when I was in my late teens and early twenties . The whole world is tilted and new ways of thinking and doing things become possible . All our world leaders need to read science fiction , with its ominous ventures into possible futures . Foundation is the story of a world set up solely as place to compile an enormous encyclopedia , an effort for the ages . But as the story moves forward rapidly in time , we readers come to see that the world has been set up for many other , secret purposes , purposes designed to save the thinking peoples from an eternity in a dark age .
 Asmiov is not at all a great writer . He does not develops the characters , who are often just tools to set the story going . Classic readers may find his style too crude , too objective . In this series , a character you find important for the story in one chapter may never appear in the rest of the saga.But Asimov is a master storyteller . His imagination has delivered us a lot of great sci-fi stories , and the Foundation series is among the best.In the far future , experts in the study of the behavior of great populations determine that the galactic empire is going to disappear , and then they conceive a plan to preserve human civilization , and reduce a many thousand years of `` dark age '' to just one thousand years . They predict what is going to happen decades and centuries in the future , and take precautions so that humanity will be able to avoid each crisis , according to the strongest factor at each time . It seems complex , but it 's not . As long as you reach chapter three , you 're ok . I ca n't tell anymore without spoiling it , but despite its lack of literary quality , it 's a story you must read if you like science fiction.I liked this book most for the outstanding way the plan comes together in each crisis , revealing Asimov 's amazing creative mind.I you think sci-fi silly , or if you value literary virtue a great deal , this is not your book . But if a great story is enough to entertain you , you wo n't be able to put this book down .
 I read these books in elementary school , I got hooked on Sci Fi . Was n't popular at the time but my brother 's books were available to read.Story still rates up there with the best books of Sci Fi of all time . I am constantly amazed by the visuals of Star Wars and other such movies but the ideas come from HG Wells , Edgar Rice Burroughs , Heinlien , Clarke , Fredrick Pohl . and I Azimov . -LRB- also a few others -RRB- Azimov is in my mind the best though not recognized for his Sci Fi -LRB- not as prolific in this gendre -RRB- and so he gets little credit.I do plan on reading thse books again .
 I 'd been hearing about Asimov 's work for a while now , and being a sci-fi/fnatasy fan , I figured I should check it out . For me , it 's a matter of seeing where the genre has come from and where it 's going . `` Foundation '' was a quick , worthwhile read which , much like Tolkein , helped define a genre . After reading , I see why Asimov is still relevant today . His stories do n't age because the lessons can still be applied to modern empires and the struggles they face . ** Spoiler Alert ** Do not read below here if you do n't want details of the story . `` Foundation '' certainly did n't disappoint . At first , I thought it was a little odd that the sections of the book were so far apart in time , but as I kept reading , it began to make sense . Asimov was n't trying to tell a story about specific characters as we 're used to thinking of them -LRB- i.e. , individual people -RRB- , rather , he was aiming to tell the story of a civilization . As I read , it began to make perfect sense . His premise is that the actions of humans as a race can be predicted on a large scale . In order to get that across , the story had to be told using large scale and long time periods . Whether Asmiov was thinking of this or not , I ca n't say . But it works .
 Isaac Asimov did n't write about aliens or alien life it seemed . Or not very much . But he did develop a Galaxy populated by humans in this start to the series . A fallen Galactic Empire , and a society of scientist using a new psychological technique to start a new one on the proper footing . But there is a wild card involved in the Mule , a mutant with powers to control minds and change the course of the history plotted by the scientists . Introduced the concept of the planetary city that is the center of the empire . Another essential read for those who love science fiction .
 This is Sci ~ Fi at it 's best , from that great era . It was fun to read again after all these years . The lifestyle of the times when this book was written , really shine through , everyone smokes and everything is nuclear . If you have n't read then read the entire series ... < -LRB- ~ & iquest ;*-RRB- >
 This is my first Foundation book , and I definitely will be reading more . it is too bad all the Foundation books are n't printed into one edition , because while I really enjoyed this book , I found the ending all to abrupt.The book is split up into four parts , each concerning a different issue . Asimov really shines here , as each of the Seldon crises arise and is dealt with - no wonder he is such a big name in science fiction !
 This is the only review -LRB- of literature -RRB- I have ever written . If you like well written characters , mystery , adventure , intrigue , and a surprise twist to your stories . . oh yes . . and SciFi -LRB- but that is beside the point -RRB- . . the Foundation Trilogy is for you ! I have n't even read this story in 37 years , and it STILL stands out in my mind as one of the best I have ever read . Second only to `` The Lord of the Rings '' by JRR Tolkien . It matters not that `` Foundation '' is SciFi . . it is just a darn good read ! You will not be disappointed .
 It 's kind of funny when i think that less than 3 months ago , i had never heard os Isaac Asimov , and i had not much interest in reading science fiction . Then i get some book called `` Foundation '' for christmas , and it kind of interested me although i did n't read for over a month after i had it.Well since then , not only have i read it , and not only have i done alot of research on Asimov and science fiction in general , but i 've also bought and read `` Foundation and Empire '' . Quite a difference one book can make.I can not get enough of Asimov 's Foundation series . I own over 100 books that i 've found at thrift stores and second hand stores by many different authors . However the second day that i owned `` Foundation and Empire '' i dove right into it , and it did not dissapoint . The only negative thing i can say is that it 's just barely not as good as the first book -LRB- although that book really blew my mind and was my very first sf novel -RRB- . Regardless , `` Foundation and Empire '' is another solid tale by Asimov , filled again with great characters -LRB- even a clown ! -RRB- , and written with top notch imagination and imagery . Particularly amazing is how Asimov created the character of Hari Seldon . He appears in this book for about two pages , and yet the man 's presence is a highlight . I did question if Asimov was n't skilled at creating solid character 's with real depth . However , when a man who was only in 40 or 50 pages of the first book makes an appearance in this one , it was easily my most anxious moment of the story , and i truly felt just as eager as everyone else sitting before the vault for Seldon to appear . Consider my question withdrawn haha.I am really loving the Foundation series , just the whole creation of , the many planets , the talk of ships , the different classes of people , everything ! Not only am i very antsy about continuing this series -LRB- which i will definitely be doing soon -RRB- , i am dying to read his robot novels and his stand-alones as well . Great book !
 Good
 This book is a great scifi read but it is essentially a series of short stories . So you should n't expect a typical `` novel '' story . They are set around the same theme of the Foundation , a group set up by a man , Hari Seldon , who is brilliant at something called psychohistory . He predicts that the galactic Empire will fall and sets up the Foundation as way to prevent the knowledge of man from being lost . The first section details this storyline . later storylines are about the trials of the people of the Foundation . Hope you enjoy it !
 continuing the lifetime Hugo award winning series written by Isaac Asimov ... lest my snarkiness towards this venerable and respected author and his writing give anyone the wrong impression . . I am very much enjoying this reread ! But the world -LRB- and I -RRB- have changed a LOT over the last 50-60 years -LRB- or in my case 40 years -RRB- . Rereading the books that we loved when we were younger gives us insight into who and what we are today ... Foundation and Empire -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- Isaac Asimov ; continuing the 12,000 years-in-the-future saga of cigar chompin ' , blaster-totin ' , space-faring men and women -LRB- yes the women also lovingly smoke cigars ... much to the consternation of the men -RRB- as they attempt to unravel the mystery of The Mule and The Second Foundation.I can not imagine anyone reading this series for the first time having any flicker of comprehension as to why it was so popular and how it garnered a lifetime Hugo award ... but again . . kids these days have little appreciation for The Beatles and Elvis ... so there you are .
 This book is fantastic ! The first time I read it , I wanted to read it again immediately upon finishing it . There were so many twists , turns and details that you just do n't catch the first time through . Love !
 The big brain of Isaac Asimov composed this series and it shows . This book contains more characters than a fifteen-act Shakespearian play and still manages to unfold as one impressively coherent space-saga . This is by no means a detriment , and characters as well as past events are periodically referenced in later chapters.I 'm by no stretch a science fiction aficionado , but upon reading summaries of the plot I could n't wait to read this book , and it verily meets my expectations . The most interesting thing about this work is that it can be read as pure-science fiction or as social-commentary/social history . Without revealing too much , the sections of the book are dedicated to describing certain `` Crises '' that invariably occur due to the events of an imperialistic planet - planet Terminus , home-world of the Foundation - and it 's attempts to reestablish -LRB- or supplant -RRB- a dying Galactic empire . The Foundation uses religion , politics , and economics to spread it 's influence across the periphery , or `` outer-edge '' of the galaxy . Most of the book centers on characters who possess an aptitude for politics or are just plain cunning , and it 's extremely entertaining to see how each character handles the crises and mini-crises laid before them.This book is , surprisingly , heavy on politics - but not politics as usual ... that is to say , not any politics that you and I would be familiar with , but politics of fictional worlds and fictional people . However , the political theory behind it all is strong ... I was hoping for a little more description when it came to the actual `` science-fiction , '' but I guess it was Asimov 's intention to leave most of the work to the imagination , and this actually works-out beautifully . Your imagination can truly run wild with this book - Asimov gives only the most cursory descriptions of the characters , but what he gives is enough to get you going . Besides , who wants to spend time reading about a character when there is a good chance that he or she will no longer exist a couple pages down the road ? You can infer much of the characters content from their actions and dialogue . Foundation is an entertaining and ambitious book , and I 'm looking forward to the rest of the series . Classic for a reason .
 This book , Foundation , is a very detailed fictional book that place in the future . Isaac Asimov wrote many books and series in his lifetime and this book along with the series was one of his first books written . This story is mostly about the First Galactic Empire and its fall . Hari Seldon was a psychohistorian , and , using his advanced mathematics , was able to conclude that the Empire would soon fall in 500 years , and then be followed by 30,000 years of barbarism . Hari , however , could limit the 30,000 years to only 1,000 years , by having the people on a planet called Terminus follow an Encyclopedia Galactica that Hari Seldon had made . They followed this for 50 years until they found out it was a fake . Many years pass , and there are many different people who try to do something to help . Each person had a crisis to get past in order to keep doing what had to be done to limit the barbarism to 1,000 years . This continues until the end of the book , and is then continued in the sequels . I think that this book was very interesting and I enjoyed it a lot , but the only problem about it is that it is very difficult to follow because each chapter , new characters are brought in and it take place 50 or more years later in time . Other than that , if you are a good reader and enjoy fiction books then this is a great book to read . Also , if you really like the book , there are a ton of other books that he wrote , including several other sequels that you can read .
 Few works of literature merit me acquiring several copies and I must say that the Foundation series is one of those . Whenever I find an old edition of this series I tend to pick it up and now I own several copies of this series of books ranging from decrepid old paperbacks to some of these newer copies.Here are a few spoilers about the story but I hope not too many : Overall , the premise for foundation is quite intersting . The books take place in a far away future where humanity has colonized the galaxy . In this far future , a scientist discovers that he can tell the future ... not for any particular person but for the aggregate of humanity as a whole and then only over long periods of time . The future that Hari Seldon , our scientist , sees is grim
 This is the first book of the original trilogy , but the third book overall . Here 's a list of all the books in the Isaac Asimov series . - Prequels -1 . Prelude to Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- 2 . Forward the Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- - The Original Trilogy -3 . Foundation4.Foundation and Empire -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- 5 . Second Foundation -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- - Later Works -6 . Foundation 's Edge -LRB- Foundation Novels -RRB- 7 . Foundation and EarthThere are other books written by other authors called the Second Foundation Trilogy , but I have n't read those -LRB- and do n't plan to -RRB- . The plot centers around a psychohistorian named Hari Seldon who can predict the future using his newly invented science . He realized that the empire is failing , and the galaxy will be propelled into a 30,000 year stretch of barbarism before a civilized government is established . To reduce the time to a mere 1,000 years , he establishes two Foundations at each end of the galaxy.This book focuses on only the First Foundation , the Second Foundation makes its first appearance in the sequel , Foundation and Empire . The First Foundation expands to take over the edges of the receding empire using its superior intelligence instead of force . They win conflicts through technology , religion , and trade.The theme that reason can overcome brute force is cleverly illustrated in this science fiction classic . It 's a relatively short book at 320 pages , and a very fast read . The first book of the original Foundation trilogy is the beginning of a truly great series , a must read for any sci-fi fan .
 This book is one of the original science fiction novel of all time . I read this book as an outside reading assignment for my English class . First of all , I chose this book out of all the other books because I did n't want to read something that sounds dull and unexciting . I wanted to read something more innovative , and I certainly made the right choice when I picked this book from the library shelf.Hari Seldon , the protagonist , develops a area of study called psychohistory , which allows psychohistorians to predict future events in big pictures . According to psychohistory , the Empire will encounter decay in the future and an age of collapse will follow . This book portrays how our civilization tries to shorten the age of collapse by preserving all human knowledge.The book is divided into five section , each with different settings . First section explains the psychohistory and sets up the stage . Second section takes place 50 years after the first , and the new Empire starts encountering conflicts with resources . Third section starts 30 years later , and it deals with religion . Fourth section takes place 55 years later and the new civilization gets involved in a trade conflict . Last section takes place 20 years later and involves merchandise matters . Each section has different characters . Each experiences different conflicts , but they all pile up to show us how a civilization grows and how history is made.I liked how the writing is terse and straightforward . It is hard to follow the story because of the change of settings and many characters , but they do come together . I liked how I could observe the history being made . It is fun seeing a civilization encounter conflicts , digress from religion to economics , and so on . It feels like I 'm experiencing a century of history . It 's easy to read because there is n't really any complicating science that you need to understand or in-depth character conflicts into the story . Definitely a book to read if you want to know how it feels like to be a god looking down at human civilizations and how they behave . Read it if you want to know what Hari Seldon 's true plan is !
 I ca n't say enough about this book , weather you like SF or not this book is a MUST READ !!! It 's more about people/civilizations/political systems than SF but either way I highly recommend it.As for SF it is simply the best SF book ever written !!!!
 By the end of the thirteenth millennium , mankind had populated millions of planets scattered throughout the galaxy . The centre of the imperial government was located on the planet Trantor , in effect a single planetary city some 75,000,000 square miles in extent . Every conceivable square foot of habitable space was occupied with a teeming population well in excess of 40 billion souls . Its internal problems were so vast that it was all but inevitable that its grip on the outer reaches of its dominion should weaken . The empire , like every other empire that had preceded it , was in the throes of decline.Hari Seldon , a brilliant mathematician and psychologist developed the science of psychohistory - the use of mathematics and symbolic logic to evaluate and predict the future behaviour of statistically large segments of human population . When he applied his analysis to the Empire , the conclusions were bleak and inescapable . The stagnating Empire would imminently fall and collapse into a galactic dark age - a period of anarchy and chaos and a loss of art , culture , knowledge , technology and science that would last for thirty thousand years.When he knew that imperial collapse was inevitable , he created the `` Foundation '' and implemented what was later to become known as the Seldon Plan . He could n't stop the dark age but he could shorten its duration to a mere thousand years and give civilization the ability to start over again.Asimov , known to his millions of fans merely as the `` good doctor '' , certainly did n't stint when it came to the scope of his ideas and the size of the canvas on which he chose to paint . `` Foundation '' is a classic sci-fi novel that leans far towards the left side of the sci-fi spectrum . Hard sci-fi , technology and advanced science are touched upon only to the extent that they are necessary to make sense of an Empire that spans an entire galaxy . Quaintly , much of the science is seriously dated - data storage is on microfilm , atomic power is the norm even in spaceships that are expected to travel galactic distances - and could hardly be considered brilliantly prescient.So it is clearly the ideas that Asimov deals with that have elevated `` Foundation '' to its status as one of the most loved and most read science fiction novels of all time - science as religion , the authoritarian nature of religious dogma , the insidious Machiavellian nature of political diplomacy , the inevitability of the decline and collapse of a major empire and a powerful discussion as to whether violence is a necessary tool to resolve differences or whether it is merely `` the last refuge of the incompetent '' . While I will happily acknowledge that `` Foundation '' was interesting and thoroughly enjoyable , I was somewhat disappointed to discover that it did not have the same thrill or excitement that I experienced when I first read it thirty years ago . The level of science in the book seems almost lack-lustre and in my mind did not live up to the grandiose scope of the novel . Like so many of his peers in the 1950s , women were stoutly ignored and played no part in `` Foundation '' at all.Dickens wrote at the turn of the century so one expects his prose to be different . Asimov wrote `` Foundation '' in 1951 so one certainly expects it to be a product of that time . But , unlike Dickens -LRB- and I 'm not really quite able to put my finger on the reason why -RRB- , the prose simply did n't age quite as well . So , in the full knowledge that many will disagree with me , I 'm unwilling to accord `` Foundation '' the 5-star rating that many will expect . Four stars only from this reader and a high recommendation that this book must be read if you claim to be a fan of the classic sci-fi genre.Paul Weiss
 I wo n't bother you with much detail about the book , just know that this is one of the best -LRB- if not THE BEST -RRB- Science Fiction books I have ever read . I highly recommend this book to everyone . If you plan to read only one Sci-Fi book in your entire life , please make it this one ! Asimov pretty much established the grounds for all space odysseys ' that followed -LRB- think Star Wars , Star Trek , Hitchhiker 's Guide , etc. -RRB- . You wont be let down.The book is actually a collection of 5 short stories published together in one volume . It all begins at about 30,000 years after our time , and about 12,000 years after the Galactic Empire was established . Hari Seldon , a brilliant mathematician , has developed a theory -LRB- psychohistory -RRB- that can accurately foretell the behavior of immense human populations to the tee . Using it he placed the Empire 's demise at 300 years , with an added bonus of 30,000 years of struggle in a chaotic and barbaric galaxy , until the Second Empire is established.What are you waiting for , get yourself a copy !!!
 Foundation is a masterpiece , bar none . It is not only great science fiction , but great fiction . Asimov does a truly wondrous job of painting a large picture , much in the way that the Hudson School of painting did in the 19th Century , while also giving compelling characterization , like a Rembrandt , and selecting the ` right ' moments that the reader can zoom in on , in this compelling account of future history . Asimov leaves Clarke in the dust in terms of characterization , and most of this is achieved via dialogue , while still painting a big picture . Asimov wrote wonderful dialogue , and one can read the tenor of a character 's soul simply by how they react in words to other characters . That said , I am very surprised that Asimov did not take issue with George Lucas 's Star Wars films , because without Foundation there would simply not be Star Wars . Everything is there to be plumbed and looted - a galactic Empire , rebels , space jumps to circumvent the speed of light , the Galactic Spirit -LRB- aka The Force -RRB- , and so on . Even Star Trek took a heavy load of its mythos from this book , as the human dominated Federation and human-looking and human-derived aliens that dominate most of the Star Trek universe have much akin with the Empire that rules Foundation at novel 's start ... Foundation was first published in novel form in 1951 , but consisted of a number of short stories published throughout the 1940s in magazines like John W. Campbell 's Astounding Science Fiction . Book One , The Psychohistorians , was written specifically as an opening for the novel ; Book Two , The Encyclopedists was published as Foundation ; Book Three , The Mayors , was published as Bridle And Saddle ; Book Four , The Traders was published as The Wedge ; and Book Five , The Merchant Princes , was published as The Big And The Little . Each of the Books within the novel functions almost as an autonomus story , much the way Bradbury 's Martian Chronicles , or Sherwood Anderson 's Winesburg , Ohio do . Yet , it all ties together , and though it has always had a reputation as a space opera , even if the ultimate or original space opera , it transcends that label . Yet , those sorts of labels can be offputting to casual readers of a genre , like I am . For I am not a sci fi nut by any means , yet I sense that many people have avoided this book because like , say , reading a Rilke poem or watching Orson Welles ' Citizen Kane , they have felt that something so overpraised and hyped is bound to be a letdown . It 's not . It earns its praise and labels , like epic , for , even though the book is less than 150 pages long in my version , probably 250-300 pages in paperback , it is certainly epic - the timescales and range of the Empire demand nothing less . And although that term is grossly overused , in this case it is spot on . The very title of the book has , in the decades since its first appearance , taken on another connotation , though - that of not only referring to the Foundation within the tale , but its place as the Foundation upon which modern outer space sci fi is based upon.This is not to deny the books flaws , which are there . But , given that most of them have to do with technological things , they are not truly literary flaws , merely those of the nature of the sci fi genre . Among them are anachronisms such as typical hausfrau-like portrayals of women , who apparently still worry over household domestic products , an addiction to nicotine , an over-reliance on atomic power , the use of parsecs rather than light years as a unit of distance , the galactic Empire being at the center of the galaxy where we now know only a supermassive black hole exists and makes life as we know it untenable due to radiation , and other minor points . Other flaws are less anachronistic than what in film would be called continuity errors , such as being able to transcend the speed of light , but recording information in actual books , and on microfilm , rather than digitally , or quantumly , yet being able to teleport that information ; the Empire possessing holographic technology , yet it all being powered by vacuum tubes ; or civilizations possessing interstellar ships but having economies dependent on fossil fuels - which means that dinosaurs and the like must have appeared on millions of the other worlds . Then there are just the plain odd things , such as Asimov 's faith in capitalism being the solution to the galactic ills , even though in his universe it 's what ails all the worlds . The idea that even were an Empire to arise and dominate a galaxy that such a massive thing could ever stagnate , seems odd . Diversity argues against that , but this shows Asimov 's pessimism regarding the human ability to evolve . That these future men also have life spans akin to ours , smoke , and suffer cancer , bespeaking there seems to have been little in the way of medical breakthroughs -LRB- this was pre DNA discovery -RRB- , also seems a bit of an imaginative lack.But , perhaps the greatest flaw of the book is Asimov 's love affair with the Freudian Psychohistory -LRB- although I 'm told in later books Asimov redacted the mythos to reveal it all a fraud -RRB- , which reeks of determinism , exalts psychology to a ` hard ' science , damns free will , plays to the Fallacy Of Uninterrupted Trends , and has been totally demolished in the wake of chaos theory . Still , even though Psychohistory fails as science , it 's still far easier for a writer to predict human nature than scientific advances.But , again , these are mere quibbles , relatively speaking . Let me look at the pro side of the ledger . The very Psychohistory that , in reality , is specious , allows for the very drama of the tale to exist . While poor science it makes for excellent drama . To watch the various Foundation leaders grapple with their own will versus their faith in Seldon is the essence of existentialism . Asimov 's use off offstage action is not just a condensing device , but clues the reader in to what is really important - the human moments and confrontations , not the comic book like blowing up of great interstellar vessels . A third device that works well is the use of select epigraphs throughout the story , culled from the fictive Encyclopedia Galactica . They unify the tale , lend it grandeur , and ground this future history as if it were already in the reader 's past , much as Edward Gibbons ' real and influential The Decline And Fall Of The Roman Empire did , and which Asimov acknowledged as his main source of ideas . Wisely , there is not too much technobabble , which helps date a work more than anything else . Also , as stated before , the book is rife with humor and sparkling dialogue , as well as plausible catchphrases like ` Galaxy knows ' or ` By galaxy ! ' It is also worth re-stressing that the book 's focus is not on scientific progress but social progress , and this predicates a number of major existential queries , such as what is progress ? How does progress reconcile with human nature ? Is progress ever expanding , cyclical , or helical ? What is knowledge ? How do the two square ? Should knowledge be commoditized ? Should knowledge be mysticized ? What is free will and ethical agency ? But most of all , how can all these subjects and ideas be best related?Yet , most of all , despite the ideas and the narrative , is the wonderful fact that Asimov is just flat-out a damned good writer . His prose is sometimes muscular , sometimes poetic , but always lucid and clear . His plots are not overly Byzantine , yet quite complex , his sentence and paragraph structure not ornate , but subtly seductive . How Hollywood has never optioned this book for a film is beyond me . Wait , no it 's not . Why would they want to do compelling , human-based science fiction when they can pump out the pseudo-intellectualism of a Philip K. Dick , or the vapid &uuml;r - mythography of Star Wars , and make a fortune ? Perhaps Asimov might be re-thinking his faith in Adam Smith 's invisible hand in the great beyond ?
 The main plot of the story copies the evolution of every human society . The decline and fall of empires , followed by the rise of others , depends on the same phenomena as those described here . We are puzzled by Psychohistory , but the notion itself -LRB- forecasting the future as the weather -RRB- is sound . This novel opens a range of questions and issues beyond other books of the genre .
 Foundation and Empire is the second book in this series . If you have not read the first one yet , you should . Still , because of the rare and very clear writing found here , you can read this book and never be confused . Since both books are so good , why skip the first one?In this book , we return to the future . A small empire , the Foundation , is on the edges of a greater one . The `` Empire '' currently encompasses thousands of worlds . Still , compared to its past , it has been shrinking . One of its most able generals , aware that the Empire is less then it once was , decides to expand the Empire . Unfortunately for the Foundation , he has choosen the systems occured by it , as the best direction for his expansion.Like the first installation , this book continually talks about the `` inevitable '' victory of the Foundation . Since they are being systematically destroyed by the Empire , such predictions ring hollow . How the book solves this problem seems to make sense . But this war is only the prelude for a greater conflict - a Civil War in the Foundation itself.Here is a really interesting dilemena . Since the Foundation is `` fated '' to survive , what will happen if it wars with itself ? And , to make things more interesting , a third party joins the conflict . This mysterious entity , the `` Mule '' , leads forces that beats both foundations back . What is happening here?Again , like the first book in this series , Foundation and Empire is as much a mystery story , as science fiction . How the author solves these problems are great fun . The ending , actually the middle of the book , is a great surprise on your first read . What happens afterwards , and the new developments , make for a great twist to this story and a powerful new development in this series . A great story . It is great fun and easily as enjoyable as the first book which , on its own , was a classic . Read and enjoy .
 `` The Foundation '' by Isaac Asimov is a very thrilling science fiction book . This book takes place so far into the future that they do not know which planet humans came from ! This book spans over 160 years and shows the developments of the Foundation . The Foundation is a group of people sent to a remote planet to preserve information and to secretly start a new empire . When the old Galactic Empire begins to crumble , Hari Seldon starts the Foundation . He and his followers work on an encyclopedia to help shorten the barbarian age that results from the destruction of the empire . Seldon 's true plan for the Foundation is to raise the next empire that would control the galaxy . As the book continues , the Foundation grows and tries to spread their beliefs across the galaxy . Powerful neighbors become jealous and try to conquer the foundation and destroy it . The Foundation wins usually using non violent means unlike their violent foes . When the Foundation starts to conquer the other surrounding worlds , they expand and send out traders . Traders hold the Foundation together and keep up the economy by trading with the inhabitants and bringing them the Foundation 's beliefs . Much of the galaxy is unaware of the Foundation 's secrets and the power it holds ! This book is divided into five sections , starting at different time periods with new characters and conflicts . The beginning of each section is difficult until you learn the new characters . However , the books flows well since the ideas of people in the past sections are presented in each new section as historically important . Each section is exciting with descriptive characters and a suspenseful plot . The book is a fast read , written for pure enjoyment and entertainment . It does a terrific job of both . I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good book .
 Prelude to Foundation describes the young mathematician Hari Seldon 's flight from an entrenched galactic bureaucracy bent on destroying him and what he represents - a threat to the established political order.Foundation opens with Hari Seldon having successfully escaped his old enemies , and having refined his new mathematical theory of statistically predictable human behavior -LRB- modeled on similarly ponderous equations of statistical mechanics -RRB-
 The Foundation novels of Isaac Asimov are the standard by which I judge all science fiction . The stories center around the mathmatical mechanics that allow for the prediction of the future in a statistcal manner - individual lives remain unaffected , but humanity 's future can be charted and directed . All this comes to pass as the great galatic empire slowly but surely fades into chaos . Only Hari Seldon , creator of this science of prediction , can save the universe from a galatic dark age . The short stories contained in this volume set the stage for the rich universe that the other volumes fill and explore . This is the series that testifies to the genius of it 's author and is perhaps his greatest legacy .
 The Galactic Empire is crumbling , and only one man can save the universe from chaos . That man is mathematician and historian Hari Seldon . To minimize the effects of the fall of the Empire , he sets up the Foundation , a group of people following his carefully laid plan to preserve the achievements of humanity . So begins the reader 's journey through hundreds of years of history and turmoil , watching as Asimov paints his picture of the tiny Foundation and its struggle to keep Seldon 's plan alive . Asimov 's characters are first-rate , grabbing the reader 's interest with their intelligence and charisma . The plot is solid and fascinating to watch as it unfolds , taking twists and turns , every one guaranteed to surprise . Originally published as four short stories , Foundation is the beginning of the classic science fiction epic , and is not to be missed by any sci-fi fan .
 Foundation is a must buy , by writing this Asimov opened a gateway for other science fiction writers , none , in my opinion who have been able to better him yet . Issic Asimov does n't just give you one set time period but 5 , jumping 50 years or so into the future , each one with rebelious and revolutionary characters , adding colour and flavour to a already brilliant plot . If this was n't enough , and the books well worth reading for just for that you are introduced to a new kind of warfare - giving the enermy something that they want and become dependent on , then when they become too mencing ... . well you can read it for yourself . Foundation is pure genious , you MUST read this book
 Foundation was the first Asimov book I read and that was about 15 years ago . Subsequently I purchased and read multiple times , every Asimov sci-fi book . All but one of the Foundation Series I have in hard-cover in addition to paperback.Reading Asimov is for me a pleasure . How he wrote in conjunction with his rich and diverse use of English I have found unequalled.A must read without which the stage for the rest of Foundation remains unprepared.True it is not his best book , but how do you decide between Masters from The Master .
 Foundation has been called by science-fiction lovers all over the world as a cornerstone for science fiction . Isaac Asimov 's all time best , this book tells the tale of the crumbling of the Galactic Empire and is only the beggining of a 7-book series . The way Asimov uses the analogy of the Fall of the Roman Empire has pleased readers for decades . Asimov tells the story of a planet alone at the edge of the galaxy awaiting a future already planned for it . Leaders struggle for the planets survival , for this planet , Terminus , holds the future of the Human Race in its hands . Isaac Asimov tells the thrilling tale of human survival in an environment that is against it .
 Few doubt the power of these novels , and no one mildly competent in the realm of science fiction would at all . I do n't remember ever being so sucked in by any book or set of books before . I think that Foundation and Empire was the best of the set , with `` The Mule '' being the best single story of the nine-story set . This is Asimov in his purest form -- no pomp , no ornation , no flowery aspiration to a false literary quality ; just plain , simple prose and story
 I never would have made it through this book if I had n't read the other foundation novels first . Because this was originally published in magazines , this book is very fragmented and hard to follow if you do n't already know the story . Still , I love Asimov . This is just so early , he is n't excellent yet
 This book is the second in the original Foundation Trilogy . The first book was `` Foundation , '' which introduced us to Hari Seldon , psychohistory and Hari 's plan to reduce 30,000 years of chaos to a mere 1,000 years . This book is two novelettes combined into one book , and tells how the Foundation struggles to survive against the remnants of the galactic empire and then against a mutant , whose coming Hari Seldon failed to predict.In the first part of this story we meet the General , Bel Riose . I enjoyed the story , but I kept getting the feeling that Bel Riose was being manipulated for most of the story . I assumed that Riose was being manipulated by the Foundation , though it was also possible that the Second Foundation , which we learn much more about in the second half of this book , was also manipulating Riose . In spite of my perceived lack of suspense as I waited for Riose 's inevitable defeat , I did enjoy this half of the book while longing to get into the second half.In the second half of the book we meet a unique and unpredictable mutant called the Mule . The mutant is called the Mule for biological reasons . We also learn that the Mule was unpredicted by Hari Seldon . The Mule realizes that the Second Foundation is his only true nemesis as he quickly conquers the Foundation . The Mule follows the exploits of researchers as they seek , and find , the Second Foundation . How can the Second Foundation be discovered ? Has the Second Foundation been discovered ? Is Hari Seldon 's plan truly out of control ? The reader must move on to `` Second Foundation '' to learn these answers and more!I enjoyed the second part of this book immensely . I had to read about the Mule until I learned whether he had truly destroyed Seldon 's plan . Unfortunately , I had to wait until the next book in the series to learn the truth , but I was still on the edge of my seat.This book carries on nicely from `` Foundation . '' If you liked that book you will enjoy seeing the challenges the Foundation faces as it tries to help create a future that remains hundreds of years away . This book is a worthy second book in the original Foundation Trilogy.The final book in the original Foundation Trilogy is `` Second Foundation . `` Enjoy !
 Not surprisingly this is a second reading - I first enjoyed this classic about twenty years ago.There 's much to enjoy . Or , rather , there 's the central idea to enjoy
 It had been quite some time since I had read Asimov , so I was relatively excited when I picked up Foundation . I was not disappointed in the least . This novel is an absolutely fabulous piece of psycho-political drama that is perhaps most enjoyable because of its suspenseful trill as well as its political/sociological considerations.The entire text , built on the theories of the fictional character Hari Seldon , is driven by the concept of psycho-history . This is primarily a form of mathematical sociology that allows for the statistical prediction of galactic masses , given a set of variables . As the Galactic Empire is beginning to crumble , Hari Seldon perceives this fall and takes the precautions to insure a quick return to a Second Empire . The development of his Plan spurs him to create two foundations at the ends of the galaxy to promote this return.This text chronicles the early founding and rise of the first foundation . Given the nature of psychohistory , most events unfold in such a way that a critical moment , at which the probability of success is nearly 100 % , always arrives for solutions to the problems facing the foundation . This drives the story in a suspenseful manner , as Asimov pursues the interrelation of individual freedom and the `` mob psychology '' of psychohistory . The text is also an interesting exploration into the rise of power by a means of a variety of factors , concealed in this review for the sake of not spoiling the story.Foundation deserves the accolades of the Sci-Fi community and truly should be read by anybody who has any latent interest in science fiction or fantasy . It is an exciting , and fulfilling read .
 This is the unabridged audio cd version of Isaac Azimov 's book foundation . It is on 7 cd 's .
 Following in the footsteps of `` The Foundation '' , The people of The Foundation have just beaten the Galactic Empire , only to have thier world turned upside down . When A mutant Named the Mule begins taking over the Periphery , Bayta And Toran Darrel , members of The Foundation Democratic Underground , go to the capital planet of Kalgan , and end up abducting the Mules clown , or who they thought was the Mule 's clown . When Seldons plan gets thrown off track by the Mule and The Foundation is captured , They go to The former capital of the Universe , Trantor , to discover where the second Foundation is , bringing The Foundations finest pschologist , Ebling Mis , with them .
 But Asimov is one of the greatest science-fiction authors to have every lived . His massive work adding itself to works by other such sci-fi masters
 I first tried reading this book when I was 11 . For me at the time , it seemed boring at that age , and I had trouble reading it . Next year , I picked up the book again , and could n't stop reading it . Asimov sets up a realistic structure for how to contain millenias of combined information from across a galaxy , and build a stable , remote world to contain the falling Empire 's scientific knowledge . But especially after reading the entire series , I always must ask , is psycho history scientifically possible ? It states that the actions of an individual does n't affect the flow of the universe . Later int he series though , you will learn of the mule that broke this rule , and even later after the trilogy , where he came from . But how could mathematics , and the general pschology of people , possibly predict when specific crisis 's happen . Even though in Second Foundation , where the reader learns more about the second foundation , which is based not on science , but on pschohistory , helps maintain the course of the Foundation . You can get lost in thought trying to discover the possibilities psychohistory could bring , if it could work . ????
 It is astonishing to realize that science fiction consisted of a relative humble portion of Isaac Asimov 's ouevre . While most of his time was spent on nonfiction work , his contributions to science fiction proved so monumental that there is not a single science-fiction writer today who has not been influenced , in some way , by Asimov 's writing . His intellectual and engaging fiction has produced some of the finest short stories and novels in the genre , in classics such as `` The Last Question '' and `` Nightfall '' . But his seminal work is the top-of-the-pyramid , groundbreaking , and famous `` Foundation Trilogy '' . He is to SF what Tolkien is for Fantasy . `` Foundation '' is an entertaining piece of sociopolitical SF in the backdrop of a space opera . This book is the foundation of SF for the past six decades . Asimov 's prose is clear and concise , without any room for ambiguity or vain style . Asimov 's words , though pared down and stripped of subtext , are not any less true or beautiful or witty.Set thousands of years in the future , after humanity has colonized millions of planets in our galaxy , `` Foundation '' introduces the Galactic Empire is in its waning years . One man on the capital planet of Trantor , Hari Seldon , predicts the cataclysmic and chaotic decline and fall of the Empire . Seldon has developed the science of psychohistory , which aims to calculate the behaviour of mass populations over the course of events using , among other things , socioeconomic trends . Seldon has predetermined not only the demise of the Empire , but that thirty millennia of barbarism will follow , unless his organization , the Foundation , is able to finish its gargantuan mission of cataloguing and preserving all accumulated human knowledge and history . The act would serve to lessen an inevitable thirty-thousand years to a mere thousand.Asimov portrays the epic grandeur of the galaxy through the unyielding arc of time and history . Individual lives are ineffectual , though not inconsequential , in the grand scheme of things . Throughout the stories , there is a pervading sense of ` greater good ' or ` the bigger picture ' . There is only one recurring character in each of the five tales
 This book is far and beyond one of my favorite books of all time . Anyone who enjoys scifi must read this book .
 Foundation is an interesting technological/political science fiction . A very famous book , obviously . The Galactic Empire has lasted 12,000 years , but it is predicted by Hari Seldon , a genius scientist/psychologist/mathematician that the Empire will fall within 300 years . So he takes a large group of people to the distant planet of Terminius , to create the Encyclopedia Galatica , a book of knowledge . It wo n't save the Empire , but at least will prevent the world from falling into chaos for too long . At least , that 's what I got from the purpose . The various parts of the book skip from generation to generation of people on Terminus , and their various political problems.The political element of Foundation was very interesting to me . I had n't read much political science fiction before . I do n't think the world was that well developed ; there was n't a lot of description of it , it was more focused on the various power-plays and intrigues going on . Also , the way that each part is a different time period was a little off-putting ; I really would have liked to know more about Gaal Dornick and some of the other characters . But you ca n't really narrate 300 years of history without skipping many years . At first , I thought Gaal Dornick was going to be the protagonist . I was wrong.Anyway , Foundation was an intriguing science fiction with an interesting plot , and I 'm certainly glad that I decided to read it . The cover says `` The Foundation Novels '' , so perhaps there are other books about this world too ? If so , I look forward to -LRB- possibly -RRB- reading them.All of my reviews can be read at my blog -LRB- novareviews.blogspot.com -RRB- .
 The second book in Isaac Asimov 's Foundation trilogy . Bloated with administration and complacent with power The Foundation is now failing . Asimov 's science fiction elements include a mathematical `` mob '' theory that is able to predict the future of large populations . He calls it psychohistory . The math breaks down with individuals as they are too finicky and unpredictable . I loved the ` Mule ' character . The ending is excellent and I ca n't wait to see how the trilogy concludes.Some of my highlights from the book : `` You are getting mystical , and I always find it difficult to penetrate another person 's mysticism . '' -LSB- A description of Asimov 's psychohistory -RSB- '' ... it formulated definite laws capable of mathematical analysis and extrapolation to govern and predict the mass action of human groups . '' `` It had only one function , administration ; one purpose , government ; and one manufactured product , law '' `` Words are a pretty fuzzy substitute for mathematical equations . '' '' ... society is much more easily soothed than one 's own conscience . '' `` It 's true that so far there 's been more drinking than thinking , and more wooing than doing . '' `` Do n't you know it 's fashionable to be patriotic ? It 's all so democratic , it makes me retch . '' `` There was growth and expansion , and the quiet efficiency of self-rule . ''
 I could n't possibly put into words anything worthy . Just a solid piece of work . Ca n't wait for the next book to download .
 If this series seems a little dated and naive now , try to cut yourself back to when it was read ! I appreciated the imaginative leaps , as well as the way the whole series observes the discipline of the genre -- make one fundamental alteration to science as we know it , and then see where the thread leads you .
 I remember walking to the library as a thirteen year old with my back pack , smile on my face between each of the foundation books . Now , I have read them over again -LRB- a few times -RRB- and the only difference is that I now own them so no more walks to the library .
 I started reading the Foundation series this year and I ca n't believe what I 've been missing . One of the best sci-fi series and one of the best sci-fi authors !
 I had read the Foundation trilogy when I was a teenager/early 20 's . The first book was required reading for a college SciFi literature course and I liked it so much I read the other two . They were my introduction to Isaac Asimov . Grand in its sweep , Foundation explores societal disintegration and renaissance . The trilogy is dated ; Asimov wrote it before the computer revolution . However , it still holds up amazingly well.Asimov was regarded as one of the greatest explainers of everything . He richly deserved the accolade . For someone who has n't read him before , Foundation is a wonderful introduction . You 'll read more .
 Isaac Asimov is my favorite author and that makes it difficult to say anything negative about his work ... So I wo n't . This work takes you back in time so you can see the future , a future that is yet beyond tomorrow , in a different light than you can see it in today.A future visualized as having similar morals , social interaction and ideals based on and somewhat similar to those held by Americans of the past.A dark future , full of bright possibility .
 As the second book in the original three of the Foundation series , Isaac Asimov picks up with the last efforts of the Empire to root out the Foundation . Those familiar with the first of the original three in this series will recognize the characteristics of the first book in this one immediately ; a mixture of science and technology with a lot of wit and intriguing conversation . The second half of the book introduces the Mule , a mutant that Hari Seldon 's models could not account for . Anyone who enjoyed the original Foundation will surely enjoy this sequel.For those new to the series , this should not be the first book you pick up . Based on order of publication the original series is best read in this order : Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Foundation and Empire -LRB- 1952 -RRB- Second Foundation -LRB- 1953 -RRB- Asimov extended the foundation series further in the 1980s and included two books at the end and two prequels . I believe the best idea is to read the books in order of publication , but any reader will do fine reading them in chronological order as well -LRB- shown below -RRB- . Prelude to Foundation -LRB- 1988 -RRB- Forward the Foundation -LRB- 1993 -RRB- Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Foundation and Empire -LRB- 1952 -RRB- Second Foundation -LRB- 1953 -RRB- Foundation 's Edge -LRB- 1982 -RRB- Foundation and Earth -LRB- 1986 -RRB-
 Isaac Asimov 's `` Foundation '' was not conceived as the beginning of series of novels . It was not conceived as a novel . It was not even conceived entirely by Isaac Asimov.Beginning in the late 1930s and for decades thereafter , the editor of the most prestigious and far more important , the best-paying monthly publication in science fiction was John W. Campbell of Astounding Science Fiction -LRB- now known as Analog . -RRB- Before taking over the editorship of the magazine , Campbell had been a popular hack writer of unabashed , wild-eyed space opera . A typical Campbell plot involved a couple of young American go-getters who whomp up a superduper space cruiser in their garage , set out on a test flight around Saturn , find themselves hurled into another dimension by a short circuit , and stumble on a planet inhabited by humans who are at war with some interplanetary Nasties who display unusually bad table manners . They forge an alliance with the good humans against the bad Nasties which , a few hundred pages later , inevitably leads to the utter annihilation of the world of the Nasties , not to mention the Nasties themselves and every vestige of their million year-old civilization and culture . By the literary standards of pulp magazine science fiction in 1936 , this was pretty sophisticated stuff.When Campbell took over the reins of the magazine in 1938 , he raised his sights . In short order he dumped the old stable of writers whose collective knowledge of science could have been stuffed into a peanut shell with room to spare and began cultivating new ones . A. E. van Vogt specialized in social science mumbo-jumbo that actually sounded like it meant something . L. Sprague deCamp had a sense of humor . Robert Heinlein possessed a literary spark that might be carefully fanned into a flame . And Isaac Asimov was a college kid from Brooklyn who wrote stories to stretch out the limited income generated by his father 's candy store.All these and many others were overawed by the wondrous fact that the godlike JWC deigned to accept their humble stories -- after he mercilessly picked apart their flaws and demanded re-writes , pronto!Those were the heroic days of magazine publishing . Editors in general and Campbell in particular did not wait for undisciplined and slothful writers to hatch ideas . No , JWC would call in his disciples and hand out plot lines and devices to be made into short stories , novelets and serialized novels . To van Vogt he tossed the idea of a totalitarian society whose tyranny was leavened by weapons shops that sold guns which could only be used in self defense . From deCamp , citing Mark Twain 's `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , '' he demanded to know what would happen if a contemporary American were hurled back from Mussolini 's Italy to post-imperial Rome . Of Heinlein he demanded a series of stories that would collectively outline the history of the next few hundred years . For Asimov he reserved a far larger patch of history . What , he queried , would happen when a galaxy-spanning empire finally decayed and began to fall?Asimov pondered . Then , in his own words , `` With a little bit of cribbin ' / From the works of Edward Gibbon / And that Greek Thucydides , '' Asimov took the Roman Empire of the Fifth Century and cast it into the stars as the expiring Empire of Trantor . From Eighteenth Century France he took the Encyclopedists and renamed them the Foundation . Finally he spiced up his literary gumbo with blather about `` psychohistory , '' a mathematically-based fortune telling system which yielded valid results when the human population achieved the vast numbers only attainable in a galaxy-spanning civilization.Campbell bought the first story . The fans -- at the time , a demographic aged 12-25 and virtually all-male -- loved it . Campbell ordered more stories . The Trantorian Empire fell , but slowly and reluctantly . The fans loved it . The Empire blazed up under the last great imperial general , Bel Riose . -LRB- Gibbon 's Belisarius , get it ? -RRB- The fans loved it . A Napoleon-like conqueror appeared to muddy up the predictions of the psychohistorians . The fans loved it . Darkness and barbarism followed the collapse of civilization across the Milky Way . And the fans loved it . On and on it went , to book , to trilogy , beyond -- even to new books written by other hands long after the passing of Campbell and Asimov.The fans still love it .
 Foundation is not a novel , but a series of stories which had been published separately . The entire trilogy was written in nine stories which were completed in the period between 1941 and 1951 . Asimov notes himself in the foreword that part of what he intended with the fourth book _ Foundation 's Edge _ was to have a chance to write an actual Foundation novel.I actually like the effect that the story-based approach gives , particularly considering that Foundation is meant to be covering the fall of galactic empire and the rise of a new power . Having chapters based on discrete periods , I think the reader gets a better sense of the sheer time involved in politics than any 9000 - page space opera could ever achieve.One of the things I like about Foundation and its subsequent other parts is that it is n't an action-packed adventure . There is n't high romance . It is n't really about individual heartache and success , although the role of the individual is important . It 's a meditative look at both politics and the future , and a darned sharp one at that.An excellent read , even worth the time for people who do n't think that they like science fiction .
 Personally , I do n't like `` classic '' sci-fi . It can be preachy , dated , dry , corny or just not as `` mature '' as modern science fiction . However , Asimov gives just enough characterization , not too much science and the right amount of action adventure and conceptual gems to keep your mind racing . He truly is the grand daddy of science fiction.Quirky lines like `` Galaxy knows ! '' or `` By Seldon ! '' evoke nostalgia for the time of space rangers and laser guns . So what if nuclear power is a thing of the past ? Asimov does n't beat you down with tecnobabble . You just know that thats the prime power source in his idea of the future . Remember , this was written in 1941 . Furthermore , the writing style and dialogue do n't seem dated at all . Asimov 's writing is simple , clean , and does n't get bogged down with excess ramblings . His true talent is in plotting unexpected twists and turns that make this book a pageturner.Hari Seldon created psychohistory . It is mathematics applied to the development of human society on a grand scale . Seldon 's new science predicts the path of human civilization with no regard to individual actions . Religion has given us fate vs. free will . Asimov poses a perhaps even more frustrating question , what if science tells us that one man 's will can not change the path of history?You 're not going to get soliquoys droning on and on about a lost love or a crumbled courage ; But what you do get is a brilliant collection of short stories Asimov wrote separately that later were compiled as one novel.The four -LRB- ? -RRB- stories are brief yet cohesive glimpses into the developing stages of the Foundation 's rise amidst the decay of the Imperial Empire . Each character driven event propels the Foundation through its first stages of development
 The Foundation trilogy is really a rebinding of stories published serially in Astounding Magazine , so each part really stands on its own , making only passing references to previous stories and explaining anything necessary to the current plot.Asimov 's writing is rather dialog-heavy , and evolves slowly enough that I could n't get past the first book when I read it the first time -LRB- in high school -RRB- . Coming back to it years later , I 've really enjoyed these three volumes , and am looking forward to reading the extension novels by Greg Bear and David Brin , two of my favorite authors -LRB- and the reason I picked up Foundation again -RRB- . It 's not as slow as Lord of the Rings -LRB- also worthwhile for those with patience -RRB- . The story is very interesting , and lets you into the psyche of the characters only through their words and actions , so your understanding of them builds slowly through your reading.I definitely recommend Foundation . I also read Bujold 's `` Warrior 's Apprentice '' recently , which I find to be similar in style , and I recommend that as well .
 This is the second volume published of Asimov 's classic Foundation series -LRB- originally published as two novellas in 1945 -RRB- . Part I is titled `` The General . '' A military leader in the Old Empire sees the Foundation as a threat -LRB- about forty years after the end of the events described in `` Foundation '' -RRB- . He gets permission from the emperor to wage a campaign . The Foundation must find a way to stop him . Fortunately , the mathematics of Hari Seldon has already considered a course of action . In Part II , called `` The Mule , '' a mutant with unparalleled power -LRB- power never considered in Hari Seldon 's psychohistory ; he can control the emotions and commitments of others -RRB- fights and defeats the Foundation about 300 years after the start of the novel `` Foundation . '' But , now the Mule has to go in search of the Second Foundation which is made up of psychologists and psychohistorians -LRB- the First Foundation had been set up primarily with physical scientists -RRB- . When `` The Mule '' appeared in magazine format in 1945 , it wowed the readership . With these stories , the series really began developing a following . I am in my 50s and have read the books a couple of times . But , my father has read them ten times !
 Asimov 's classic series has a quaint , nave simplicity about it that never fails to entrance this reader . For all its episodic construction -LRB- unavoidable , considering the unparalleled scope -RRB- and its rather flat , exclusively male characters , the Foundation Trilogy takes readers back to a time when America was making the world safe for democracy , personal freedoms were a given , and science seemed to be the salvation of a fallible humanity.The first volume , Foundation , sets up the whole idea of the Seldon Plan , a mathematically based view of sociopolitical forces that enables one brilliant scientist to mold a new galactic empire from a foundation of one hundred thousand scientists and their families . After the introduction , whose final paragraphs subtly lay out the whole structure without our knowing it , we get to see the Plan in action as the Foundation faces a series of political and military crises . Because the scientist/hero is long dead before the second chapter , the heroes are the political and economic , rather than scientific , leaders who must resist the temptation to take direct military action , and instead allow events to proceed until Seldon 's Plan points out the answer . The magic of this book is the exquisite means the Foundation uses to defeat its enemies without resorting to force , and the convincing arguments Asimov uses to make these solutions seem inevitable . As such , each chapter is like a sociopolitical puzzle that challenges the reader to find the move that will defuse each situation , and taken together these stories comprise a virtual primer in diplomacy.Countless millions of fans have enjoyed Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy , consisting of Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation . Other Foundation novels , written by the master in his later years , lack the simple charm that makes these earlier works so popular . They were tacked on solely because the power of those first three created a demand that Asimov felt obligated to try to fill , but they have an entirely different feel , and do n't possess that single-minded surety of artistic vision that marked the original series.This book is about political maneuvering , not action , so it may not be a favorite of action/adventure fans , although the next book in the series , Foundation and Empire , is a little more dynamic , and reading the complete Trilogy is a must , since the first two volumes do n't so much end as just leave off . Still , the vast historical vision begun in this book is so sweeping , it should not be missed by any fans of speculative fiction .
 Many consider Foundation a Sci-Fi classic , while others concider it a poorly written , boring piece of something I really should n't mention by name.I personally fall within the first category , I liked this book a lot . But although I myself loved this novel and its sequels , I do can imagine why other people simply hated it.Those who do n't like it usally refer to the fact that there is virtually no character development , no action of any kind whatsoever , and that the technology used seems outright `` retro '' -LRB- nuclear trashcans and the like -RRB- . All of this critism is undoutably true . Since this book is actually a collection of a series of short stories , and all of those are about different eras in the history of the Foundation , Asimov has to replace most of his characters every 50 to 100 pages which leaves room nor reason for descent characters.And since the story focusses promary on events in the future `` history '' of mankind and the reasons they take place , most of what happens is people talking to other people , with only small references to battles , wars , and sofort.Finally , lest not forget that these stories were written when the last century was only halfway over . Nuclear trashcans , atomic guns , and typwriter-isch computers were perfectly plausable back then.The point I am trying to make with this review is that this book is about a subject that simply is n't everybody 's cup of tea . Foundation is nowhere near as accessible as Sci-Fi series such as Star Wars , Star Trek , or Babylon 5 -LRB- all good series in their own right -RRB- . Or even like the more famous classic Sci-Fi novels such as `` 2001
 Foundation is a landmark in science fiction , and epitomizes the best of what Isaac Asimov stood for . This book proves that you do n't have to have a lot of sex and mindless violence -LRB- '' - the last refuge of the incompetent '' -RRB- to make a book suspenseful and a page-turner . The book is entirely without action and romance in the normal sense , and consists almost entirely of dialogue . What makes it so interesting is the ideas -LRB- and reversals of ideas -RRB- that it presents , in all their aspects , subsequently debates , and solves . It has an aura of almost detective story fascination with regards to political ideas . What is interesting is that the book takes a pacifistic approach to politics , and thereby forces itself to present a plausible solution to occurring problems -LRB- say , rebellion , anarchy , and war -RRB- without degrading into violence . Each self-contained story -LRB- the book is not a novel , but a collection of stories that were originally published stand-alone -RRB- is therefore a sort of logic puzzle -LRB- much the same , in principle , as Isaac 's Robot stories -RRB- that you must delve into and accede all its ramifications , and come out with an answer that will work , without using violence . It 's a credit to Asimov that he could not only achieve this , but make it interesting , and , indeed , arresting . This is an essential science fiction read , and perhaps Asimov 's apex .
 I had read a great deal of Arthur C. Clarke , Peter F. Hamilton and H.G. Wells before finally coming upon Issac Asimov.I really had n't heard of him until a friend of mine recommended him to me . I was looking for a new author to read after coming off 4,000 + pages of Peter F. Hamilton , and decided to try something different.In the beginning , I was a little worried that since the books were written in the early 50s that they would be technologically dated and not have the technological appeal that newer scifi books had.I was TOTALLY wrong . The concepts that Asimov illustrates in his writting are still used today , and were probably their original origin.Asimov 's writing style does take a little getting used to , however , but in the end , I appreicated it more than hated it . It 's so different that it seems to give the characters an entirely different feel . With long , descriptive , deep dialoge and a very schemish design , you do n't really fully understand the ENTIRE story until the end , when it finally clicks in one of the character 's heads what is really going on , after meeting the supposed opponent and hearing his side of things.I think , in the end , the best part is how you can really see the evolution of the Foundation right before your eyes , and see how things happen and how some little thing that happened a hundred years ago set off some other thing that was HUGE in the present in the story.If you do not read Asimov 's Foundation series , you can not call yourself a scifi buff , remember that , always . Now GO and read !
 I first read this book maybe 20 years ago , when I was more accustomed to ` action ' sci-fi replete with ray guns and space ships and trying to guess how such technology shaped society -LRB- a la Larry Niven , to name one -RRB- . This book is more like an historical novel , or a future history , like reading Gibbons or Kennedy . What is particularly astounding about this work , which he first published in 1951 at age 31 , is Asimov 's ability to scale - from the drama of a handful of individuals to the seminal events of the last decades of the ancient , galaxy-wide empire -LRB- which does not even remember its Earthly origin ! -RRB- . Unlike Heinlein 's _ Citizen of the Galaxy _ or _ Friday _ -LRB- or many others -RRB- we do not follow the story of a single person or family in the backdrop of a civilization , but rather , the original Foundation trilogy makes both the individuals as well as the whole history of the galactic empire come alive in an extremely concise work . Here , the context is just as important as the characters , a scaling rarely seen elsewhere . This is the book 's greatest strength - which becomes one of its weaknesses
 Ultimately , the hardest decision about the Foundation books is to decide how to read them . Maybe I 'm being ridiculous , but I think you will enjoy them more if you read them in the order they were written . If so , this is the second book . If you have not yet read Foundation , then you need to go back and do so before tackling this one.Your other choice is to read the prequels first , then go onto Foundation . In that case , this is the fourth book you should read.Whichever choice you make , do n't read this book first.On the surface , Foundation and Empire will seem like an uninspired playing out of Hari Seldon 's vision for the future . Ah ! But there 's much more happening , so pay attention . When you get to the end of the book , you may find you have missed the mainstream and will have to go back . Do n't worry , almost everyone has that reaction.Asimov is a brilliant conceptual writer , but not someone who slaved over every word -LRB- in fact , he was famous for writing most of his many books in only 1 or 2 drafts , with little editing after that -RRB- . This book begins to develop the full Foundation concept in all of its stunning beauty.In many ways , you will be reading this book from the eyes of the first Foundation . But that 's the unimportant one . The real action is with the second Foundation . Be sure to keep that in mind.When you meet the Mule , do n't think of him as an aberration but rather as an extension of today 's potential . That will make the book more interesting for you.Many people find this book to be the least interesting one of the Foundation series . Let me warn you that reading this one will greatly increase your pleasure in the following books beginning with the Second Foundation -LRB- which is your next pleasant reading assignment -RRB- . Enjoy this irresistible series !
 I found the politics of this novel interesting enough to disregard the dated scientific references . Seldon and his science was fascinating to behold , and the plot was masterful . What concerned me was -LRB- dare I say it ? -RRB- the fairly amateurish use of dialogue tags and the fact that each character seemed pretty much to speak with the same voice . Asimov wrote this as one of those authors who are at pains not to repeat ` he said ' . So it must be a new tag each time , no matter how ridiculous , often paired with an adverb that makes you cringe
 `` Foundation and Empire , '' the second novel in Isaac Asimov 's landmark science fiction series , is a definite improvement on the first novel . The first novel was hardly a novel at all , but rather a loose and uneven collection of short stories . `` Foundation and Empire '' is actually two novellas , and more care has obviously been taken with writing style , pacing , and character development.The second story , `` The Mule , '' is perhaps the best of the entire Foundation series . The characters are enjoyably real and likable , and there are two masterful surprises at the end.The entire Foundation series is essential reading for any science fiction fan .
 You can read the publisher 's summary for yourself , but let me just add that this is THE classic SF trilogy . Book one , `` Foundation , '' creates the future world , its declining culture , and how a group of strong-minded individuals do n't want to see knowledge die . How they do that drives this novel . In book two , Asimov introduces the mystery of the mule , and in book three Asimov pulls a rabbit out the hat called the Second Foundation.If you enjoy books that entertain , books that offer good mysteries , and books that make you think about bigger things in life , than this series is for you . It 's too bad our political leaders do n't read novels like this . Maybe we 'd avoid the continual messes they get countries in .
 I have not readf the Foundation series in years . However , the other day I was thinking about how much fun the trilogy had been . One has to remember that most of the scifi you read today has at least some of its roots based in Asimov 's work , Asimov was not the best writer , nor was he the most creative . What he did accomplish was selling you another time and world that you could believe in . So , taking it for what it is , not a great piece of literature but a really enjoyable trip , i need to give the trilogy 5 stars .
 I always prefer to think of the foundation Trilogy as one book.They are meant to be read one after another and are also written that way.While the first part -LRB- Foundation -RRB- gives us the historical perspective and a sketch of characters who influence the events , this book is where it gets better in a serious way !! There is not much of a point in discussing the plot-lots of other people have commented on that.But i 'll tell you this - the 2nd part of this book - which talks about the Mule and his rise to power is THE best part of the ENTIRE FOUNDATION series -LRB- Yes all the 7 books !! -RRB- . IT ends with the most famous twist on paper it will make your mind reel !! It sets up the things nicely for the Second foundation - the 3 book in the series.I have read almost everything that Asimov 's written.The foundation series and the End of Eternity are my favourites.The difference between Asimov and the other Science Fiction writers is that he makes the Science Fiction believable.Asimov is also a very good mystery writer -LRB- no kidding !! - he 's right up there with the authors who write mystery alone -RRB- . It 's easy to write a Sci Fi book with an amazing amount of Science and imagination - but how well you can bind it to a story and make it real , that is the deal.Apart from the idea the story has to be told well . This is where the good doctor excelled.Trust me if you have not read the Foundation Series you are missing something which in indelibly written in the records as the one of the best books on paper.Asimov 's written it so that you are sufficiently intrested for more at the end of the book one , by the time you finish the second book you are thinking this is great stuff - desperate for more you go the 3rd book . By the time you are through you think this is soooo cool - it might be the best thing you ever read.Do yourself a favour go read the Foundation and Empire , follow that up with the Second Foundation.You 'll be glad you did when you return to it over the years !!
 Welcome to the second book in the Foundation trilogy -LRB- although Asimov did write further books , it was a trilogy originally -RRB- . The book picks up where Foundation left off - the Foundation has established itself as a formidable force in the Periphery of the Galaxy . Of course , everyone is too well aware that gaining control of the local warlords is small potatoes compared to what 's to come . In Foundation and Empire , the inevitable comes.As the previous novel , Asimov has divided this into books , however here there are only two . As a result , he gets to explore the characters at more length then in Foundation . But again , expect wonder , amazement and enjoyment at the themes , issues and grandeur of this book , not the characterisation and `` literary '' qualities.In the first book , the conflict between the Foundation and what 's left of the Empire develops . This however is a much bigger game - in the past , the warlords barely out-war-powered the Foundation , while here the Empire dwarfs it even in its twilight . As always , something must be done other than a brute force tactic . Furthermore , the `` heroes '' of the Foundation are no more , in the conflict there are no Mallows or Hardins to guide the political intrigue , so it is here that Seldon 's plan is put to the ultimate test.In the second book -LRB- not to give away too much -RRB- , a new threat to the Plan arises . A man known only as the Mule comes to light . And for the first time , an individual drastically changes the course of history . Indeed , he consists of the biggest threat to the plan thus far . What 's so special about him ? . . Personally , I found this book the most enjoyable in the whole trilogy - it reminds me of the little cryptic `` detective '' plotting from other Asimov works I read , such as I Robot and Steel Caves . However , here , it 's an almost perfect melodrama played out -LRB- and unlike many detective elements in novels includingthose of Asimov - this one does n't seem contrived or make you feel at all `` cheated '' -RRB- , as we follow some Foundationers in their quest to find out what the Mule is and how to deal with him.This is a great continuation of the saga and will also bring out many interesting questions - like whether an individual can change the course of history . It will also shake up your conception of the Seldon plan - overall , a great book .
 I just finished Foundation and Empire and so far it is my favorite in the series ... Foundation presented us a struggling organization of scientists on the Planet Terminus who must deal with the newly formed barbarian kingdoms that arise from the retreating Empire . Important figures within the Foundation use religion , trade and technology to dominate over adversarial planets ... In Foundation and Empire , we are given a new perspective on the Foundation . Before , we were lead to believe that the Foundation must survive and that no one could hinder its progess ; that Hari Seldon 's predictions of the Foundation were infallible ; that the 1,000 year plan was set in stone and that a new Galactic Empire will arrise in such time thanks to Hari Seldon . However , these beliefs are put into question when an individual calling himself ` The Mule ' threatens to destroy Hari Seldon 's 300 year old project . He is a mutant of considerable mental powers who can seemingly convert anyone into his cause , even the greatest opponent . Thus , we are asked , `` Does Hari Seldon 's precious Psychohistory take random genetic mutation into account ? If not , then is it possible for the Mule to destroy the Foundation ? '' ... I loved the ending to Foundation and Empire . Like Empire Stikes Back , it leaves you hanging , desperately wanting to find out what happens to the main characters -LRB- and the galaxy -RRB- after the book ends ... I 've always loved enigmatic characters in books . The Mule fits this catagory , which , in my mind , makes him even more sinister and evil . We never see him or hear him speak -LRB- for all those who have read the book , do n't say anything -RRB- , and yet we experience his destructive force . It reminds me of Sauron of The Lord of the Rings . At the end , however , we are given a profound revelation of the Mule that adds a new dimension to his character ... All in all , it was the dispair and depression in the book that captured me . There was little hope and yet the human spirit was still evident . I applaud Asimov for creating a believable story in which death , destruction and dispair overshadow an entire galaxy but hope and determination remain . This theme , I think , is present throughout the series and , in my opinion , is the most important human quality that makes us who we are . The foundation is ultimately an exploration of this theme . Clearly , Hope is the most formiddble force that human history and , according to Asimov , the galaxy has ever seen .
 The second book of the original trilogy , this book is an amazing follow on to `` Foundation '' . The seven books of the Foundation series together form what I consider to be the most complete and astonishing blend of deep reality with science fiction . The septet , for the uninitiated , include -LRB- in the order I believe they should be read in -RRB-
 I give all 14 books 5 stars!For those of you who would like to read the Foundation story in it 's entirety , from beginning to end , chronologically , then I suggest following this course . There are 14 books in the series ! In the end , it was R. Daneel Olivaw who designed and created the Trantorian empire in the first place , and so the robot novels -- which introduce the cradle world of Earth before the dawn of the empire -- come before the Foundation Trilogy : The Caves of Steel , The Naked Sun , The Robots of Dawn , Robots and Empire , Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph , Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation , Foundation 's Edge , Foundation and EarthNow some of you might not recommend that one read the Second Trilogy before the first . True , but they come chronologically BEFORE the first Foundation Trilogy ! I do recommend that you at least read Foundation 's Edge and Foundation and Earth AFTER you have read the second trilogy -LRB- Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph -RRB- because the subjects in the last two -LRB- chronological -RRB- books are more interesting that way .
 For those of you who would like to read the Foundation story in it 's entirety , from beginning to end , chronologically , then I suggest following this course . There are 14 books in the series ! In the end , it was R. Daneel Olivaw who designed and created the Trantorian empire in the first place , and so the robot novels -- which introduce the cradle world of Earth before the dawn of the empire -- come before the Foundation Trilogy : The Caves of Steel , The Naked Sun , The Robots of Dawn , Robots and Empire , Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph , Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation , Foundation 's Edge , Foundation and EarthNow some of you might not recommend that one read the Second Trilogy before the first . True , but they come chronologically BEFORE the first Foundation Trilogy ! I do recommend that you at least read Foundation 's Edge and Foundation and Earth AFTER you have read the second trilogy -LRB- Foundation 's Fear , Foundation and Chaos , Foundation 's Triumph -RRB- because the subjects in the last two -LRB- chronological -RRB- books are more interesting that way . Note also that I do not consider Asimov 's early `` Empire '' novels to apply to the Foundation series . Interesting that they were included in Foundation 's Triumph , but not relevant . It was cheesy in my opinion that the `` time machine '' was included in that story and then not even used for any practical purpose . Again , another plot-joiner there -LRB- Triumph was filled with them ! -RRB- . So , 14 books in all , in my estimation . The three galactic empire books are so cheesy , just do n't read them ... nothing to do with Foundation at all .
 In reviewing the book Foundation I am recommending that you read all of the Foundation books by Asimov . Just get started and read them all . Even though each book can be read individually , do yourself a favor and read them in order . I wo n't be reviewing any other books in the series . I want you to do the whole series.One of the most interesting ideas that Asimov gives us is the ultimate form of self defense . No , it is n't karate or jiu jitsu , boxing or wrestling . It 's touching the other person 's mind.There are enough circles within circles , things that are n't what they seem to be , surprises that put the theories into a cocked hat , to keep you on your toes.Don ' t deprive yourself of the best sci fi series ever written .
 I have no idea why I had n't read this series until now . Isaac 's way of progressing the story through so many people is amazing . This one was a great start to the series . Setting the `` Foundation '' -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- for the rest of this 1,000 year story . IF your a fan of anything Sci-Fi you will definitely love this book . : -RRB-
 A brilliant , original story that shows how ahead of his time Asimov truly was . The premise and scope of this novel are staggering and the plot develops at a blistering pace . You will not be able to put this book down once you start . The only minor critique I have of this book is that , as a series of novellas that continually advance into the future , characters you have grown to care about are quickly whisked away and replaced by new ones . Therefore , it is helpful to approach this book as a set of separate , though interconnected stories . When all is said and done , this book sets the stage for one of the greatest sci-fi series of all time . Complete with larger-than-life characters , unforgettable twists and suprises , this book is sure to satisfy any who have an interest in science fiction . Highly recommended .
 I have read almost all of Asimov 's fiction , and this book is by far one of the best . I would recommend it to anyone interested!Boom , Done.-Jeremy Paul Gallagher
 I first read this in the early 80 's when I was a teen , and I was blown away by the economic theory . I just reread it , great short story 's . The story of the galactic empire is very interesting .
 This book it simply one of the best science fiction stories ever written . It should be on the `` must read '' list for any sci-fi fan .
 At first do not be dismayed by the beginning . It explodes into a fantastic , imaginative book . It is one of the best I have ever read . It got me addicted to his novels . I loved it !
 I 've read it 4 times , and each one is still amazing and i discover lots of new things . Read it , and continue with the rest of the trilogy .
 that just says it all . i real this book when i was about 10 , and it opened up a whole new world for me . buy it . read it . for those of you who thought it was boring , you are simple-minded fools .
 Foundation has been called by science-fiction lovers all over the world as a cornerstone for science fiction . Isaac Asimov 's all time best , this book tells the tale of the crumbling of the Galactic Empire and is only the beggining of a 7-book series . The way Asimov uses the analogy of the Fall of the Roman Empire has pleased readers for decades . Asimov tells the story of a planet alone at the edge of the galaxy awaiting a future already planned for it . Leaders struggle for the planets survival , for this planet , Terminus , holds the future of the Human Race in its hands . Isaac Asimov tells the thrilling tells the thrilling tale of human survival in an environment that is against it .
 Some people have said that they read the prelude and went on to foundation . You will probably be mixed up because you skipped a book !!! AFTER READING PRELUDE TO FOUNDATION READ FORWARD THE FOUNDATION and then jump on to the classic book that started it all .
 The day this book -LRB- and its sequels -RRB- fell on my hands , i felt my eyes opened up . I could ` t believe someone on this planet would ever write such an amazing , inteligent a so enjoyable story . You MUST read it , otherwise , you would be missing half of the galaxy . Trust me . Enjoy it .
 `` Foundation '' is a must . Even if your taste is for other styles , Asimov 's `` future history '' has rightly become part of the science fiction canon of great books.The first episode in `` Foundation '' appeared about 50 years ago as a stand-alone story in Astounding Science Fiction under the title `` Bridle and Saddle . '' At the time , Asimov had no idea where it would eventually lead . Hari Seldon , Salvor Hardin , and the Galactic Empire emerged in that single story to shape all the `` Foundation '' novels that were to follow . It 's all the more remarkable , then , to read that story today with the realization that none of the sequels or `` prequels '' had yet been thought of.The original `` Foundation '' trilogy is written in a style that may seem quaint or even prim in comparison to the baroque convolutions found in some novels of the '90s . And , at the time , one reviewer had trouble with the episodicity
 Although Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy is over 40 years old , his overall writing is still top notch . There 's just something about it that draws you in , and then you ca n't put the book down . Unfortunately , many people get unhappy when they read this first book alone . Because it was written originally as a magazine serial , it sometimes has a choppy format . But as a whole , its superb . Only after reading all three one can appreciate the magnitude of Asimov 's work . There is simply not a sci-fi trilogy anywhere that can compete .
 I read this series when I was 15 years old and could not put it down . Ten years later and it still comes to my mind from time to time . Asimov had a wonderful imagination . I would like to have met him .
 There 's no doubt about the fact that Isaac Asimov is a legend in his own right as a writer . But with `` Foundation '' he proves -LRB- if ever there was any doubt -RRB- that he is indeed that peerless science fiction writer of his time . This is the most intelligently written science fiction book you 'll ever get to read ... and the good thing about it is that you do n't really have to be a sci-fi freak to enjoy it - you can read it just for the joy of reading !!
 Probably the second-best novel in the Foundation series -LRB- next to Foundation -RRB- . A darker story , `` Empire '' introduces the Mule who proves that Asimov 's Foundation galaxy is not always a happy and predictable place . Both stories in the book prove that the Foundation is not invincible . The ending was fantastic and left me hungry for more , and the characters are well developed . Overall , an excellent sequel to Foundation .
 the foundation series is just marvelous ! but as the title says , the hafta be read together . only then the greatness is revealed -LRB- is that a correct sentence ? -RRB- .
 An excellent science fiction novel , probably one of the best ever written . Asimov is amaster author who keeps the excitement rolling for hours on end .
 What can I say ??? Asimov at his best . It 's impossible to stop reading this book . The chapters are so incredible , that you ca n't wait to get to the finish to know how the plot ends . If you have n't read it , you do n't know what you are missing
 This may be the best SF book ever written . I started reading it and could n't put it down . I read all 296 pages in less than 12 hours . This book is so much better than more modern sci-fi -LRB- for the difference between SF and sci-fi , see Isaac Asimov Gold -RRB- because it actually has a story , rather than a colection of all the stupidity the author could think of . This book is the best book I 've ever read .
 The Good Doctor himself was a genius and the Foundation series is the best parts of that genius . Foundation is interesting , believable , funny , and loveable . Perhaps its greatest feature is that this book makes you think . You can spend hours just thinking about the concept of psychohistory . I can not reccomend this book and the other Foundation novels more . This is pure science fiction at its greatest . You must read this or be forever deprived .
 This book was hilarious . I read it yesterday , and I am still laughing my Asimov . Get it ? Hahahaha . Huh . Okay . Nevermind .
 This book is my favorite book . It is very well writen , and it pulled me in . It was n't quite as gripping as some other books , but after I read it the first time -LRB- and every time after -RRB- I felt changed . It is very . The other books in the series are n't as good , but they still are very interesting . I recommend this book .
 Still a great classic ! Got to read the rest of the series now . Why do they make me type more words for a review than I feel like saying at Amazon ?
 I 'd say that you will probably be a bit lost if you do n't start with foundation and plan to continue with second foundation after this book . Reading this as a stand alone would be a bit like reading Tolkien 's two towers without having started at the beginning of the series . You could probably do it and get something from the story , but the beauty of the foundation series is that it is a series telling one coherent story . This book shows it 's age with some of the technology it discusses , but it is also vividly imaginative and full of timeless lessons .
 If you pick this book up , i would plan on getting the rest of the series . I decided not to start with the prequel , but with what are considered to be some of Asimov 's best novels . I am currently on second foundation , the third book in the series , and i am looking forward to finding out what happens next . I ca n't remember any other book that i 've ever read that covers such a large time span in the way that this book does . Characters are introduced , they play their parts and then fade into history as a new set of characters is introduced . As a fairly well read individual i would recommend these books to anyone .
 Foundation and Empire is the second volume in Isaac Asimov 's Foundation series . Originally published as two novellas , Foundation and Empire the novel is made up of `` The General '' and `` The Mule '' . In `` The General '' , as the Galactic Empire crumbles , General Bel Riose launches an attack on the Foundation . Although the Foundation is theoretically stronger than the Empire , General Bel Riose has access to greater resources and personnel and so his attack does begin to threaten the Foundation . A Foundation citizen named Devers intercepts a communication that details the General 's double dealings and attempts to escape to Trantor so that he can show the communication to the Emperor and hopefully stop the attack . `` The Mule '' is set roughly one hundred years after `` The General '' . The Empire has crumbled , Trantor has been sacked by invaders , and most of the galaxy has split into barbaric factions . Due to its extensive trading routes , the Foundation is now the major power in the galaxy . Until , that is , a new threat arises in the form of a growing army of barbarians led by a mysterious individual known as the Mule . Once it is discovered that Hari Seldon has failed to predict the existence of the Mule , Foundation citizens Toran and Bayta Darell , along with psychologist Ebling Mis and a refugee clown named Magnifico Giganticus , travel the galaxy attempting to locate the Second Foundation that had been established by Seldon.Although a much darker and more intense book , Foundation and Empire is an excellent follow up to Foundation . Asimov 's writing is excellent as ever , with his descriptions of the alien worlds and his characterisations being particularly strong . The whole Foundation series is fantastic and Foundation and Empire is further proof that Isaac Asimov is one of the greatest science fiction writers of all time .
 Foundation , a collection of five short stories , is the first book in Isaac Asimov 's epic century-spanning science fiction masterwork known as the Foundation Series.The first of the collected stories , `` The Psychohistorians '' , takes place on Trantor , the capital planet of the 12000 year old Galactic Empire . Mathematician Hari Seldon has developed a new science known as psychohistory which equates are possibilities in large societies to mathematics , allowing him to predict long-term outcomes . Using his psychohistory , Seldon discovers that the Galactic Empire is decaying and that it will collapse within 500 years , the collapse being followed by a 300000 year period of barbarism in the galaxy . When his findings are declared to be high treason , Seldon and a group of hand-picked scientists agree to go into exile on the planet Terminus , where they intend to create a mammoth Encyclopaedia Galactica as the repository for all human learning . In this way they hope to limit the period of chaos that will inevitably follow the collapse of the Empire.In `` The Encyclopaedists '' , having progressed 50 years into the future , the planet Terminus is facing its first Seldon Crisis . The Foundation on Terminus is caught in the middle of a power struggle between four neighbouring planetary systems and the scientists are ill-equipped to deal with military matters . Luckily , Mayor Salvor Hardin is quick to realise the danger and attempts to work out a solution . Hardin receives guidance as to the way forward for the Foundation from an image of the now deceased Hari Seldon that appears in a specially created Time Vault and confirms that psychohistory has predicted a series of crises that will occur on Terminus . `` The Mayors '' takes place 30 years later when the Foundation has used its scientific knowledge as the basis for a pseudo religion that keeps neighbouring planets in order . However , the Prince Regent of Anacreon seeks to overthrow the Foundation and so Salvor Hardin is once again called upon to avert a Seldon Crisis.In `` The Traders '' another 55 years have passed and a trader by the name of Limmar Ponyets is sent to the planet Askone to retrieve a fellow trader who is facing execution . The leaders of Askone are determined to avoid contact with , and contamination by , Foundation technology so Ponyets must employ devious methods to secure the release of his colleague.The final story is `` The Merchant Princes '' . The Foundation has expanded and grown powerful through the use of its science religion and economics but three Foundation vessels have recently disappeared in the vicinity of Korell , a civilisation trying to develop their own variety of technical superiority . Trader Hober Mallow is sent to uncover information on their technology and hopefully find the missing ships.Foundation is clearly an epic undertaking , especially since anyone who reads this first book is pretty much guaranteed to want to progress on to the further books in the series , but it is well worth the effort . The Foundation Series is perhaps more esoteric that Asimov 's Robot Series but is still a rewarding read . The characters , planets and indeed empires that Asimov has created are truly immense and his storytelling ability is outstanding . Foundation is a fantastic book by one of the greatest science fiction writers of all time .
 I had n't read this since I was a teenager . I had forgotten what an excellent writer and fantastic mind Isaac Asimov was . It was refreshing to see character and idea development that kept my interest and actually made me think . Read this and enjoy all Asimov was to the Science Fiction genre .
 Isaac Asimov is an exception author in any genre , he just happens to write in science fiction . His Foundation novels are at the apex of classic science fiction . If you are going to read only one book in this genre then this is the one to choose . The universe he creates is so vivid that the book is difficult to put down . In case you could n't tell ... I am a fan !
 As is all Issac Asimov Novels this is good reading ! The 4 star rating is that the story does not seem to come to a complete end , I did expect more .
 In a preface written in 1982 for a volume collecting the original `` Foundation '' trilogy , Asimov recalled the sources of inspiration for the series and boasted , `` Why should n't I write of the Galactic Empire and of the return of feudalism ... ? After all , I had read Gibbon 's ` Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire ' not once , but twice . `` Edward Gibbon 's influence is certainly obvious in `` Foundation . '' A galactic empire , centered in Trantor -LRB- a celestial Rome -RRB- , is on the verge of collapse . During the Dark Ages that follow , the surviving remnants at the extreme borders of the galaxy initially maintain control by creating a religion that hides scientific knowledge behind theological mysteries and by training a caste of priests to monopolize this learning . Asimov , however , goes beyond the period covered by Gibbon -LRB- who ended his masterwork with the age of the Crusades -RRB-
 Asimov 's Golden Age classic Foundation Trilogy is one of the early milestones of the science fiction genre . This second installment is less episodic than the first volume , focusing on just two specific stories . The first volume , `` Foundation '' , sets up the whole idea of the Seldon Plan , a mathematically based view of sociopolitical forces that enables one brilliant scientist to grow a new galactic empire from a foundation of one hundred thousand scientists and their families . `` Empire '' starts off in the same vein , showing how the Foundation staves off annihilation at the hands of the currently decaying , but still dangerous Galactic Empire . Once again , the magic of this section is the subtle means by which the Foundation overcomes impossible odds , and the convincing arguments Asimov uses to make the solution seem inevitable . Part Two involves an internal struggle between the Foundation 's authoritarian central government and the Independent Traders who spread that government 's economic power . While the Foundation is threatened with civil war , the rise of a new warlord on Kalgan poses a danger to the entire human race.Because each story is substantially longer than those in Foundation , this volume focuses more on individual characters . In fact , it is not too much to say that a major theme is the historical question , `` Do individuals matter ? '' As a result , the characters are developed slightly more , and there 's even a wistful love triangle , and considerably more action than was featured in the first volume , which tended to be distant and impersonal . If you liked Foundation , you 'll surely enjoy this and the climax to the series , Second Foundation.Although these books will strike many as hopelessly dated , Asimov 's sweeping historical vision should not be missed by any fans of speculative fiction . They have a directness and honest charm about them that is rare in contemporary science fiction . Later additions to this series , both sequels and prequels , do n't adhere to the tone of these original novels , and really add very little except bulk .
 If you have the patience to read the first 100 pages you 'll not be able to put this book aside.The first time I read this book I was 14 . I 've probably read it a dozen times by now . The plot is extremely good . The outcomes of every event -LRB- since the group leaves Trantor -RRB- are surprising , the way the main heroes solve the problems are exciting and satisfying -LRB- to me at least -RRB- . The good amount of dialogues keeps the book from becoming boring and overly descriptive.Asimov 's imagination is as yet unsurpassed !
 The classic Foundation trilogy continues on pace in this second installment . The first half of this book is rather flat with uninspiring political wrangles and a story of the Empire 's last general who is defeated by the Foundation and is never mentioned again . This episode has little effect on the overall flow of the story and is a curious piece of filler in this otherwise strong trilogy . However , the second half of this book , taking place many decades later , more than makes up for it . Here we learn that Hari Seldon 's once flawless predictions on the course of humanity throughout the galaxy are starting to break down , because of the passage of huge amounts of time and the introduction of an unforeseen variable . This variable is a mutant known as The Mule , who has strange mental powers that are outside the realm of Seldon 's psychohistory and throw his ancient predictions out of whack . Soon both the Foundation and the Empire are in ruins , and barbarism reigns throughout the galaxy . Only the mysterious Second Foundation , which has not been heard from since Seldon 's day , can possibly help . Whether or not the Second Foundation can save the galaxy from the dark ages , and whether this is all really a part of Seldon 's plan after all , are questions that arise in this book but are not answered . Thus we have an excellent intellectual cliffhanger that gives a great reason to continue to the third installment of the trilogy.There are two strange occurrences in this book that speak volumes on the time period in which Asimov wrote it , that being the 1940 's . First , there is a prominent female character in this book , which was nearly unheard of in the sci-fi of that area . Furthermore , Asimov writes as if this is an amazing occurrence , and other characters are shocked and uncomfortable with this woman 's status as an `` equal '' among the male characters around her . This sure seems strange today . Was Asimov slyly commenting on the state of women 's rights back in mid-century , or did he think he was making a grand statement about the future ? Either way , the sentiment is oddly outdated and even more oddly takes place in the distant future of humanity , where I would hope things would have progressed . Finally , in the second-to-last line of the book , Asimov inserts a rather sick dirty joke through the use of a sly double entendre -LRB- the key word is `` mule '' -RRB- . . Back in 1952 Asimov probably thought he was making a goofy in-joke to his learned friends that would not be caught by the general public . If that 's the case , the joke in question seems extremely silly and predictable today , and brings the book to a close that is rather difficult to take seriously .
 Normally I need lots of action and suspense to keep me interested in a book . This book had some level of suspense -LRB- not like Koontz 's , The Watcher -RRB- but focused more on the growth of the main character . Very intriguing plot that had me wondering what was going to happen next . I liked it enough to read the next two books in the series .
 I had read Foundation when I was in High School and I decided to revisit the book later . Last summer I revisited the book and by the end of the summer I had read all of the books in the series . Asimov had combined 3 series into one leading to 15 -LRB- ? -RRB- books . I ca n't remember how many I read . I even checked out the Foundation books written by `` the Killer B 's . '' Read this book . It is a pillar of Sci-fi as is his `` I , Robot . '' There is a reason that these books were in contention with Tolkien for the Sci-fi series of the century . Foundation is a wonderful starting point for an engaging series.If you decide to read the `` series . '' Understand that he took 3 different series , his robot series , foundation series , and the empire series and combined them to create a vision of future history . Few authors have tried to create a series in such a grand scale and Asimov is the master of grand scale . Only the empire series -LRB- which is currently out of print -RRB- feels outdated . Yet , all parts must be read to truly enjoy the second foundation trilogy.If you want to get your feet wet with Asimov , start here or with his `` I , Robot . ''
 Besides his Robot stories and novels , Foundation stands as oneof the greatest science fiction novel written by the late IsaacAsimov.By mixing properly the future , humanity and the sociopoliticaldevelopment of our race on a galactic span using the decline ofthe Roman Empire as a base , Asimov tells us a story of one man ` sstruggle and the product of its stubborness in following stories.This book is a must for anyone , genre fan or not , I guaranteeyou will read it more than once in your lifetime .
 The Foundation series is Sci-Fi 's grandest and most accessible epic . Asimov 's writing style focuses on the story , not the jargon , so you never get bogged down . The hero is Hari Seldon , who is able to scientifically predict the future -LRB- do n't ask how -RRB- , and he knows that the vast Galactic Empire is soon headed for the dustbin of history ... Hari , the prophet that he is , endeavors to shorten the time before another Galactic Empire can restore civilization to 1,000 years instead of 10,000 or 20,000 ... surely a worthy goal . This book will amaze you , will excite you and have you wanting more . It 's fun and thoughtful at the same time ... And , IMHO , these books get even better later on in the series.This book , which is later linked to the Robots series , may also be one of the most influential sci-fi books ever . -LRB- The galactic empire of Dune shares a lot of similarities -RRB- ... Great stuff from the Grandmaster !
 Isaac Asimov captivates the reader in this book , the `` unofficial '' start to the Foundation series . The story revolves around 3 major characters , Hari Seldon , a famous psychohistorian and predictor of the Empire 's demise , Salvor Hardin , mayor of Terminus , home planet of the foundation , and Hober Mallow , a Master Trader who rises through the ranks . I found the 3 separate yet interweaving storylines appealing , much like The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury but not nearly as divided . Each character has their own opinion in how to accomplish a goal and presents each in a logical and realistic way . The thing that 's amazing about the Foundation is that it does n't have to rely on epic battles , hyperdetailed sensory imagery , or ridiculously long monologues by static , stereotypical characters . The characters are real , they get afraid , they make mistakes , and they change throughout the story . The writting is paced just perfectly so that it does n't tire you out yet it provides enough details about any given situation . Asimov is a literary genius and I ca n't recommend the whole Foundation series enough to anyone who just has a little free time on their hands . And remember , `` Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent '' - Salvor Hardin
 I always liked Asimov , but finding series books in sequence is difficult with print books . Kindle makes it easy ! Now they 're all cataloged in order and I do n't even have to get out of bed for the next one.Reading the `` Foundation '' series in order rather than by availability makes a great writer even better .
 All I can say , for warm start , is that Isaac Asimov is a genius . Acclaimed Hugo Award winner , he really makes you feel a part of the future , as he proves to be a genius not only in a robot way of thinking , but also in politics , economy , religion , mass manipulation and , of course , in every way that makes a human , human . And I am pretty sure this characteristic of him is really connected to his also great robotics series.Imagine yourself in the future . Now imagine yourself in a further future where you are studying the chronology of the future . Remember your history classes in school ? Yeah , that 's where he 's taking you . Analyzing the Galactic Empire from a distant and omnipotent way of view , he sets a pattern in the development of mankind that repeats itself various and various times , that 's why this book could be written set in Middle Age . But it is n't and that 's one of the most fascinating things about it.Everything starts when Hari Seldon , a famous psychohistorian - a new science developed by himself based in history , statistics and mathematics - predicts the fall of the Galactic Empire . To save mankind from thousands years of darkness and restart , he suggests setting a new colony at the fringe of the Galaxy - Terminus System - to develop the greatest literacy work of history and regroup all knowledge ever acquired
 Clever twists , incredible imagination , and a fun , quick read . Some of Asimov 's ideas of future civilizations invoke awe even decades later . My only complaint is that the reader only gets to experience each generation for a single chapter , so character development is tricky and brief . Not as good as Ender 's Game , but still worth reading .
 This is one of those books that you just ca n't put down . I read this one in record time . A great read , and highly recommended .
 The Foundation Trilogy is a `` trilogy '' of thirteen books . This review will mainly talk about book one . The Foundation , a group of scientists and engineers writing a galactic encyclopedia , starts before book one takes place . The prologue is about an apparently irrelevant person . Nonetheless , I think it is important to read the beginning because it sets up the story . The main story takes place much later , when the actual Foundation is formed at the edge of the galaxy . This entire group of people are the main character , though at time other people take the spotlight.During the book , challenges arise to meet the Foundation , and at each challenge , the Foundation uses a different and unique method of dealing with the task at hand . As the book progresses , the Foundation gets more and more technology , while the empire at the center of the galaxy dies away . The Foundation was created to start a new empire after the old empire is destroyed . To make sure this would happen , Harry Seldon used psychohistory to predict the future and lock the foundation in a path that will reach its goal.I think that this book should only be absorbed by people in college or beyond because it has very advanced ideas .
 Foundation And Empire , by Isaac Asimov is the second book in the original Foundation trilogy , which won a Hugo Award in 1965 for Best All-Time Series . It follows much the same narrative structure as the first book , Foundation , save that the book has only two ` books ' , to the original 's five , which allows for less epic scene setting , and much more character development . And do n't let some of the books ' critics fool you . The characterizations in these books are wonderful , deep , and complex . They simply are not done in the usual ways . They use a characterization style I term ` silhouetting ' , wherein characters are portrayed not so much by what they do as the important things they do not do , or that which is not described in ` on stage ' actions . This book , though , is not merely a continuation of the first book , but an expansion of its themes , which includes some more detailed characterization.The first book set up the history of a senescent galactic Empire on the verge of tottering into oblivion and thirty thousand years of barbarism . A scientist named Hari Seldon attempts to shorten that Imperial interregnum by establishing two Foundations on either end of the galaxy , ostensibly to compile an Encyclopedia Galactica . In reality these two Foundations will be the cornerstones of the Second Empire , which Seldon 's Psychohistory - a deterministic pseudoscience , predicts will cut the interregnum down to s ingle millennium . By the first book 's end the first Foundation , on the planet Terminus , has survived several ` Seldon Crises ' via his holographic intervention , which helps the Foundation outwit its enemies , and the work of legendary leaders - Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow , and a few centuries in to its existence seems poised to actually take on and destroy the ruined Empire.This is where Foundation And Empire starts ... the book is relatively easy to get into - even if you 've not read the first book . That 's because Asimov 's style of the pseudo historical work allows for quick recaps -LRB- in the old movie serial vein -RRB- , and the fact that each chapter within each book has new characters and situations means that they can stand alone , even as they add to the overall tapestry . Asimov also makes a wise dramatic choice in The Mule section . By spending a book and a half showing Psychohistory 's upside , and proving its internal ` validity ' , the second half of Foundation And Empire shows the downside of lulling oneself into a false sense of security , as well the consequences that coyuld await the Foundation if it falls the same way the Empire did . The funereal descriptions of Trantor contrast vividly with the awesome complexity that opens the first book of the trilogy . Then , the Empire seemed impervious . Yet , Asimov is so good a writer that he rarely lapses into caricature . Even The Mule is sympathetic , when we understand his drive to prove himself . Even more interesting is that he seems no worse than the old Emperors , nor even the dynastic heirs of the current Foundation . With his powers his Second Empire might even be better than the Seldonian one . Yet , lacking an heir - due to his sterility . and his own powers , it would seem likely that even greater chaos would befall the galaxy upon his death.This begs the question that seems to be central to the trilogy
 Asimov 's Foundation books are well-crafted , masterfully imagined , and peopled with fascinating characters . Spanning some several thousand years , and multiple generations of characters -LRB- often more than one per book -RRB- , the author does a fantastic job keeping each set unique and captivating . The stories follow the progression of Psychohistory , a technique for predicting the future behavior of masses of people , and the people set up to use its information to further the birth of a greater galactic empire . Space battles , intrigue , mutants , telepathy and mind control , as well as personal triumphs and failures run throughout all the novels . They are , in my opinion , among the best crafted series in the sci-fi genre ever produced .
 What else can one possibly say about one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written ?? A terrific beginning to a beginning series . I can hardly wait to read the rest of them .
 I think asimov truly showed his ability in Foundation and Empire . Whether or not Foundation was better is debatable . But to create 2 knockout novels is pure gift . All the people who say it is bad are wrong . they say you should read a classic . It is a classic ! A modern classic ! the series deserves a place among Dune and other SF greats . The Mule was stroke of genius . The surprise ending was wonderful . whatever they charge you for this it is a deal .
 I recently read Foundation , all I can say is Wow ! . First let me say this is not STAR WARS and it is n't STAR TREK , This is what Science Fiction is all about . Truly epic in every sense of the word , Foundation offers us a window into a future so far away Earth is forgotten completly . And like any good epic , their is no main character , instead the story is a series of short stories . Each story features new characters and plots decades , sometimes centuries apart . The best part of this book is that its only part one ! I ca n't recommend this book enough ! If you consider yourself a serious Sci-Fi fan then get this book today .
 Foundation and Empire is the second of the original Foundation trilogy written in the 1950s . The first book is Foundation and the last is Second Foundation . I enjoyed Foundation but I liked F&E ; quite a bit more ! Foundation consists of five disconnected short stories , too short for adequate development of the settings or characters . F&E ; is much more focused , containing only two stories , the second of which really impressed me.A quick refresher on the background
 As in Foundation , this is actually not a single story . Here are presented two separate episodes in the development of the Foundation toward the establishment of the Second Galactic Empire.The first details the encounter between the growing Foundation and the still-very-powerful Empire . At the forefront is an Imperial General of outstanding ability and charisma . Unfortunately , Hari Seldon , the architect of the Foundation , predicted all this with his psychohistorical calculations . While the general is very successful in his opposition to the Foundation , his very nature ensures his downfall.The second story is quite ingenious , in that the single large failing of Seldon 's psychohistory is brought to light . An individual beyond the predictive nature of psychohistory has appeared and done the impossible . While there is a type of mystery presented , Asimov either wanted the reader to know the answer before the characters , or he did n't try very hard to obscure the nature of things . But this is a crucial moment in the Foundation 's development , as they seem to be vulnerable after all . This story depends heavily on a plot element present in all the Robot-Empire - and now Foundation Series
 When Isaac Asimov was writing at his best , he was the one of the best science fiction writers to ever heft a typewriter.He wrote the orginal short stories to make up the Foundation novels in the 1940 's for John W. Campbell 's Astounding Science Fiction Magazine . In large messure , he modelled the history in the stories after the fall of the Roman Empire.Hari Seldon , Salvor Hardin , Hober Mallow are names that stand in the history of Science Fiction like the names of real people in many ways . `` Violence is the last resort of the incompetent '' and `` Never let your morals get in the way of doing what is right '' are quotes that every reader of SF knows well.Only names like Jubel Harshaw and David Bowman -LRB- who came to life from the pens of Robert Heinlein and Arthur C. Clarke -RRB- rank with these characters created by Isaac Asimov . I 'm not positive if this is the best SF/F novel ever written , but it definitely makes the top five list of best SF novels ever written.It is a great loss to the world that Asimov slipped off his mortal coil back in 1992 . His writting is great . At least we still have his books .
 The original Foundation series was released as a series of three books
 Recently , I picked up a copy of the first book in Issac Asimov 's Foundation series , for which this review is written . I will not spoil the book in this review as some others have done.The theme was quite interesting . Essentially , one man somewhat manipulates humanity into protecting its knowledge and creative abilities by setting them apart from the `` masses '' , so that they can weather the coming dark ages . The great joke of this book is that Asimov almost makes it seem as if history is pushed forward by the `` masses '' themselves but in reality , his apparent humanism and rationality comes through as he shows that it is always the `` individual '' who in the end can save or destroy humanity.If you are a man -LRB- or woman -RRB- who cares about how ideas move history , if you believe in the sanctity of the individual , if you love life , then this is a book for you.Asimov is a man of reason and he shows it well throughout this first , in what I hope to be an excellent sci-fi series . Often times , contemporary authors infuse their lack of values into their books and characters , making one wonder who one should be rooting for . Asimov paints a clear picture of the values within man that make him worthy of praise -LRB- or not -RRB- - reason , justice and a love of life.This book can proudly stand side by side with Ayn Rand 's Anthem and Orwell 's 1984 as a warning to society about the dangers of the `` irrational '' in all its glorious forms .
 One of the BEST science fiction books I 've ever read , as written by one of the best science fiction authors to live , Foundation is a wonderful look into a completely different universe than our own.Foundation is based on a community of planets who have formed and Empire - A large collective society ... One mathematician claims that it will collapse into the dark ages , and take 10,000 years to recover and rebuild ... The foundation is formed in an attempt to reduce that time to 1,000 years by maintaining the knowledge of the present . While acting as a terrific science fiction setting and story , Foundation also serves as a very deep look into society as a whole , and how predictable a society is . The social implications of each major crisis as it occurs is aptly predicted and accounted for , which proves largely entertaining and intriguing ... This is a must read for any science fiction fan , historian , or sociologist ... It 's well written and imaginative with engaging ideas and concepts true only to Asimov .
 This novel , the first in a -LRB- 50 's -RRB- series of three , has not dated one bit since its first appearance . Like The Lord of the Rings , it should really be read in combination with its sequels , but the book contains its own strong moments , especially the first section on Trantor . I was amazed and moved by the cleverness of Asimov 's plots , something he is of course well-known for . Highly recommended .
 If you had bothered to read the entire series , you would know that one of the major heroes in the book is a young girl , Arkady . In fact , once the Foundation books tie in with the Robot series , you will find another woman hero , the `` mother of robotics '' , Dr. Susan Calvin . So your comment about the `` deplorable '' lack of women in the Foundation books is off the mark . And the characters are not poorly developed - what you learn about characters like the Mule is staggering - but you would n't know that because it is in the second book . I hope you do n't do this with all literature - try getting the facts first , then give an honest opinion . You will be well respected for it , even if most people disagree with you .
 The first book in Asimov 's Foundation Series is actually an anthology of stories tracing the formation of the Foundation to its growth into a competitor of the Galactic Empire . The premise is simple , its execution complex
 I am making my way through the original Foundation trilogy for the third time now , and I 'm still gaining new appreciation for it . Fifty years after it first appeared , Asimov 's Foundation series can still justifiably be called a classic . A clear influence on the Star Wars saga , and probably Star Trek as well , along with a large chunk of all science fiction that has come since . Sure there are a few things to quibble about with this series , and with this first book in particular . Asimov 's vision of the distant future , with its nuclear reactors , microfilm communications , and picture phones , all seems ridiculously quaint today . As the story blasts through several decades , interchangeable characters come and go without making much of an impression , and this first book is so obviously part of a trilogy that it does n't have a chance of standing on its own . But that 's not the point , and by focusing on these quibbles you 're missing the forest for the trees . Here Asimov has created a tremendous masterpiece of the imagination that is larger in scope than just about any other literary creation . The saga is built around the intriguing concept of psychohistory , in which the movements of huge masses of people can be accurately predicted over thousands of years -LRB- while it is still impossible to predict the actions of any one person -RRB- . An ossifying empire , obviously based on the Roman Empire in its death throes , is on the verge of horrific collapse when the Foundation is created to subtly change the course of history behind the scenes , and gradually rises to prominence and tries to usher in a new golden age . The entire saga -LRB- not just this first book -RRB- takes place over a thousand years across a whole galaxy , while Asimov believably incorporates a full palate of psychology , politics , and sociology to lend the story credence . Still a masterpiece after all these years .
 The Foundation saga is one of the most widely-known sci-fi series ever published . Started in the 1940 's with this book , Foundation , Asimov continued the series up through the 1980 's , at which point he was being basically threatened by fans to continue writing to satiate their reading interest.Foundation 's setting is in the far-future , when planets have not only been discovered and colonized , but millions of planets have been organized into a Galactic Empire that spans thousands os star systems . Hyper-industry and nuclear power form the core to this civilization , which seems to have an endless grasp on the future of civilization.That is , until Hari Seldon , a scientist , discovers the science of psychohistory , by which future events can be predicted based on calculations of human behavior . He foresess the collapse of the Empire based on inevitable social , political , and economic forces . He devises a plan to save humankind from an imminent dark age by instituting a scientific Foundation at the edge of the galaxy.This premise is what drew me to the read the book . What exciting prospects ! The opportunity to plumb the mind of the genous Hari Seldon . To get a closer look at this Galactic Empire , whose proportions were mindboggling . To understand , at a more nuts and bolts level , this `` psychohistory . '' To see what Hari Seldon has up his sleeve.Unfortunately , though the book provides an historical fiction that encompasses 300 years of life after Hari Seldon , and introduces leaders of his Foundation that are memorable for their nerve and intellect , some of the imaginative possibilities , such as most of those mentioned above , are not fully realized . I am not sure if they are realized in other books of the series , but I guess that 's for someone else to comment on.Foundation came to me highly recommended . I am not new to science fiction , but I have not read that much of this genre . I was looking forward to something that would really blow my mind away . Though I admired several things about the book and thought it was a nice read , I am not going to read the other books in this series . Coming away from this book , I felt it was good , but not much more . There were several ways in which I clearly found the book to be lacking in addition to the brevity of focus on Hari , a good discussion of psychohistory , or much emphasis on the Galactic Empire.Though Asimov 's style is surely concise and highly readable , he views plot as the central element to his writing , at the expense of other aspects of great fiction that really should have been incorporated . I will outline these at length because it appears that the book 's praises are already sung widely.First , there is not much character development . Characters are presented merely to accomplish a historical event in the flow of the story . We get a feel for the characters not as real people , but as actors on the stage of world history . Though the reader admires the nerve and intellect behind each of these heroes -LRB- there are 5 heroes that are portrayed in the generation following Hari -RRB- , there is little else that makes them interesting . While this kind of presentation of characters may work in movie adaptations or history textbooks , I like to view my characters as a little more than men-at-work . Everybody is always scheming , there 's not much downtime or description of what day-to-day life is like with these guys so far in the future , such far-off planets . The dialogue is great , though , and that 's part of the reason the book is a quick read.Secondly , there is a lack of real meaning or symbolism that defines great books . There 's not much refelction on the part of the narrator , or poignancy . The closest we get to intrinsic meaning is the interesting description of the false religion that a protagonist , Salvor Hardin , invents in order to undermine the economy of a neighboring state . Religion is also used to manipulate other planets . Hard to swallow , this helps us understand what the author probably thinks about organized religion . The book is also full of cute phrases that portray the all-importance of technology in Asimov 's future
 Foundation is great science fiction for the scientific minded , no deus ex machina here . The only fault I find with this 1st book is that the 3 main characters are exactly the same person . Seldon , Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow are the exact same character . All calm , cool and collected . Perfectly confident and perfectly logical . No difference in dialogue and problem solving skills , you would n't be able to tell from Asimov 's writing that these characters are from different time periods and are from different cultures . For that matter , every character in the book seems to be of the same culture and dialect . I realize Asimov uses a minimalist style of writing , like Hemmingway , there are good and bad sides to this . No fleshing out of characters has to be considered weakness in Asimov 's writing . It may have made for a longer book , but his characters would have been better served if they all did n't behave as robots .
 Isaac Asimov is one of the few popular science fiction writers whose fame is derived mostly from his intriguing story line and character interactions as oppose to pure imaginative science . In fact , given that this series takes place 50,000 years into the future , one could easily argue that its incredibly short sighted given how little science has evolved ; yet this detracts very little from just how entertaining this book and the series is . Asimov is a fantastic writer in terms of creating intrigue , wit , and believable dialog , and the result is he has developed a very enjoyable series.Foundation is the first book of the original three that Asimov wrote in the Foundations series , and although the series is now quite a collection of books with some even taking place before the period of this book , Foundation still represents a terrific point to enter the series . The premise is that a science exists that is able to predict the downfall of an empire that ruled the galaxy for 20,000 years , and as a result a foundation -LRB- two in fact -RRB- is set up to ultimately shorten the period of anarchy that will result in the empire 's downfall . This of course leaves open plenty of intriguing possibilities and Asimov does not disappoint.Asimov is very straight forward in his writing and leaves little open to interpretation . He has often been criticized for this style , yet in place of open ended complexities the book contains a quality that fully immerses its readers and satisfies them with clear and definitive answers . Reading the foundation novels is somewhat akin reading a history book that that highlights specific elements of importance . This style may not appeal to everyone , but once you are engrossed in the story line you will find it hard to put this book down -LRB- as well as many others in the series -RRB- . *** For those new to the series , here are the specific seven books tied directly into the Foundation story line and their original date of publication . I read these in the order they were published and was very happy to have chosen that order . Asimov also tied in some of this other book series into this one -LRB- specifically his Robot series -RRB- thus making the entire story line a much larger volume of books.Prelude to Foundation -LRB- 1988 -RRB- Forward the Foundation -LRB- 1993 -RRB- Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Foundation and Empire -LRB- 1952 -RRB- Second Foundation -LRB- 1953 -RRB- Foundation 's Edge -LRB- 1982 -RRB- Foundation and Earth -LRB- 1986 -RRB-
 Foundation is a classic of the Sci-Fi genre , and that is nearly everything you need to know . If you like Sci-Fi , and are willing to put up with some of it 's common shortcomings , this book will appeal greatly to you , for it truly deserves its place in the Sci-Fi canon .
 A decent series , but none of the books really stood out for me . The first , as is usually the case , was the best . A very fascination premise .
 Foundation , and all the other books that complete the extense colection are wonderful . I remember when i read this book 8 years ago , and as you see i still love it . If you do n't want to read all the books of the series , you do n't have to do it , the saga of foundation it 's only three books -LRB- foundation , foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation -RRB- , but if you want to read a good , good , GOOD , GOOOOOOOOOOD series of books , read them all , you wo n't regret it . I really loved all this books .
 When I first read The Foundation book , I was pretty dissappointed and I did n't finish it . After about half a year , I 've tried to read it again and I started to like it . Finally , I liked it very much and it 's one of the best series I 've ever read . Asimov is a fabulous writer , no doubt .
 I admit it , I am an Asimov-phile . This is yet another book by Asimov that is very hard to put down . I rate this , and all of Asimovs books with the highest regard . Quite simply buy it now , or you are a fool . ; - -RRB-
 A nod to the greatness of this book , on a recent episode of Deep Space Nine , a group of genetically altered humans got together and used mathematical formulas to predict the outcome of the Dominion War . They went as far to go ahead thousands of years to predict the rise of a new Federation that would `` rule the Alpha quadrant for thousands of years . '' After just finishing the book , it finally hit me where they got that from . If only they would have given credit ...
 I just finished it today , and must say I was n't dissapointed . The movement in time for each section is very effective and interesting in moving the story . I found that at each part , the radical , the person immediately disliked , turns out to be the savior of the Foundation during that crisis . I 've been exposed to a lot of Science Fiction and while reading this book , I saw pieces of almost all of them in here . The Galactic Empire of StarWars originated here , the personal shields and the control of the spice guilds from Dune , to name a few . I must say , in my humble opinion , Foundation deserves the high placing as one of Science Fiction 's greatest works .
 This book , the first in a series , is all about the origination of the Foundation , an orginization based on the idea to shorten the period of decay of the galactic Empire . Everyone who likes Prelude to Foundation MUST read this .
 I certainly do not sound quite as intellectual as other people who have reviewed this novel . All I have to say is that I found this book extremely interesting and thrilling . When my teacher recommended this book to me , I was skeptical , however , Foundation turned out to be one of the best books I ever read and I ca n't wait to read the other ones . Psychohistory and Hari Seldon rock ! Whoever does n't read this book is missing out on one of the best ever .
 -LRB- If Amazon allowed fractional reviews , I would have given 3.5 -RRB- While I enjoyed `` Foundation '' and found some of the concepts intriguing , it seems that Asimov had a lot of maturing to do as a writer at this point . The characters do n't seem to really reach me the way they should , but one has to bear in mind that this book is actually a collection of shorter stories published in serial format , and the writer could not be bothered too much with deep character development . I still reccomend this book , in part because it leads into the rest of the series , which tends to improve stylistically as the books advance . However overrated `` Foundation '' may be , it firmly holds ground simply because it is so integral to the foundation trilogy and subsequent additions .
 Asimov takes the reader on a journey that is thought provoking and entertaining . It 's probably his best work of all the foundation series . '' Foundation and Empire '' is one of those books that you simply can not put down .
 I have just read all the volumes in the `` Foundation '' series . Because the basic ideas of society and its control -LRB- `` psychohistory , '' `` Foundation , `` Gaia '' -RRB- are cleverly and skillfully constructed , I could grasp these highly abstract ideas much easyly . Forever Asimov 's Galactic genious ! Of course this series planned as an entertainment , it can be recommended to the academician , who has his/her major in social science or its related area .
 This book does not need action to be great . Mr. Asimov was a profound writer . I do NOT mean swears or grownup matters . His words go beyound the sci-fi plot . This is why I give it five stars . This book may be hard to follow . This is because Mr. Asimov wrote it in sections for a magizine . Just be patient an you will lovvvve it .
 Before `` Foundation '' i 'd read somes short-storys from Asimov , so i become insterested in his style . And what can i say now about this book ? Really is a excelent piece of scifiction
 This book is the best book I have ever read . Issac Asimov shows off his expertise in what is probably the best series ever . Hari Seldon is a psychohistorian and can predict the future . He sees the impending collapse of the Empire and establishes two Foundations to prevent that .
 Foundation details the fall of the Galatic Empire and rise of an island in the midst of desolation - the Foundation . Not full of starship battles , but I have never seen a more clever story in its use of thought . The three Seldon crisises and the solutions have an intellectual beauty to them in that 1 -RRB- the crisises are believable and 2 -RRB- the solutions are also believeable and in retrospect obvious . I have noticed this about other Asimov books , espically `` The Stars , like Dust , '' and it is my favorite part of his style . Very higly recommended .
 This book is a highly cereberal study of history . I you want a lot of action look somewhere else . -LRB- I suggest David Drake or S.M. Sterling -RRB- If you want something to ponder this is the book . Asimov 's ideas have been borrowed by other works so some of it will not seem new . The science is somewhat dated -LRB- nucleur light bulbs and economical transmutation -RRB- . This book does give an excellent veiw of the forces of history . If you want to understand what causes nations to fall read this book . Just do n't expect Star Wars style entertaiment .
 Foundation is a good book , but is only a must read because the 2 books , Foundation 's Edge and Foundation and Earth , are must-reads . It 's a shame that few lists of his books include Foundation and Earth , but if you like science fiction , that is the best novel ever .
 this is the first book i read by asimov . of the 7 books in the `` trilogy '' , i found it the most gripping . -LRB- this is where i start to digress and spell words wrong -RRB- i am happy that i read it before the books that he wrote after but take place before the action in this one . i believe that the first two books ruin some of the suspense in later novels . ah , the book ... my first venture into sci-fi , and i am so greatful that i took it . although it is in the future , i never got the impression that it was unrealistic . well , i hope i helped . live well and for yourself .
 Unlike a lot of other sci-fi books , Asimov has the ability to include not only the sense of futuristic complications and inventions , he has the unrivaled ability to also include a dramatic and intense showing of personal interactions , which is what makes him such a master.Its more than an idea , Asimov makes it a story . Great book and possibly the best of the three foundation novels .
 Get this book ! One thing that may help is that the farsighted hero , Hari Seldon , sets up a plan that supposedly needs no individuals to make it work , forces of humanity and all that , but the stories repeatedly show the importance of individuals . If you know this ahead of time , you will appreciate each story even more .
 Asimov , remember , wrote this initially as a series of short stories for a sci-fi magazine . Only later were the stories combined as a book . That is why of course no great character development occurs and the stories seem tidbits rather than grand scale work . Granted there is not much science in the book , but I have always felt that sci-fi is a form of fiction to allow the author to write freely on a subject and be able to mask what he is really talking about . Think about it , change the story to another world and have strange names for planets and suddenly nobody sees it as an attack against their country or their people . I have also felt science fiction to be more political than science -LRB- even though we call it science fiction -RRB- . Politics are immense in Foundation and the style of having conversations to tell the story vs. having lots of action and space battles is fantastic . I read this first when I was 18 and did not appreciate what Asimov is trying to do . At 39 , I get it . Asimov is looking at society in general and commenting that no society can be perfect and ideal and all wonderful and that dirty tricks and greed and compromise and working with others -LRB- including our enemies -RRB- is the only way a society can survive and the rest is simply propaganda . It 's a direct attack against all societies that foster the idea that we 're the best and the greatest and we stand for freedoms and love of country . Instead he states that what all societies become are survivors finding their strengths to counteract the enemies weaknesses . It 's a great reality check which is why this should be required reading for all political science majors .
 Asimov participated in American science fiction 's golden age , helping to convert pulp fantasy stories into realistic predictions of the future based on current science . It isremarkable that he wrote the Foundation while a young man , barely 20 I believe , a work with grand themes and the cornerstone of his massive and sprawling future history of mankind , which I believe went into more than 50 volumes . The basic plot is that a scientists created a new discipline , psycho-statistics I believe , that could predict the future behavior of huge masses of humans . He then attempts tomold - or at least influence - man 's fate over the next 30,000 years . What is truly amazing is that Asimov succeeds in this and the two following volumes . In a way , he should have stopped here with the series . The ideas are crisp and not yoked into a determined framework , so are fresh with lively characters . Later novels in the series - the overwhelming majority - feel more stilted , bound by concepts more than by a plain old good story.A sci fi classic .
 I liked Star Wars . But for those of us who knew and loved the Foundation trilogy as one of the greatest masterpieces in all of science fictiondom , it was galling to hear the misplaced accolades heaped on the movie lauding its originality.Asimov 's seminal universe was created decades before Lucas 's derivative one , and Lucas shamelessly lifted whole passages of ideas , themes and settings from Asimov . The idea of a galactic empire ; the conflict between an established empire and a fledgling but vital upstart ; a world-girdling city at the heart of galactic government ; a noble elite with incredible mental powers ; a mysterious antagonist possessing the same mental powers but directed towards dark conquest ; even the robots are there -LRB- albeit from a different Asimov source -RRB- . I mention these things not to disparage Star Wars but to elevate Asimov . Today , it is too easy to forget just how original and inspiring the Foundation trilogy was when it first appeared in print . In the intervening decades , lesser imitators have copied , twisted and diluted the original story so often that its brilliance has been buried under mountains of mediocre muck.This trilogy has so much going for it that it is hard to know where to begin . For one thing , it is tautly written . Asimov would tend towards bombast later in life , but not here . For another , it sustains bold visions and landscapes of truly cosmic proportions . It also strikes the right note in setting the lives of a group of protagonists against a backdrop of immense historical forces . In so doing , it attains the weight of epic.Mostly , it astounds us with the sheer power of its imagination . I have already alluded to its many firsts , but it is what Asimov does with these firsts - the subtle way he folds them into the very substance of his story - that distinguishes this work . Take the theme of psychohistory . Asimov coined this term for his premise that all of human behaviour is reducible to a complex set of mathematical equations . He translates this abstraction into a storyline that is so compelling that we never think to question the outlandishness of his premise.This is science fiction at its finest
 This book is a well written science fiction classic . While not a major action-adventure story like many science fiction novel really makes you think about the plot , the characters , and all of humanity.It is truly one of the best scienc fiction books I have ever read and encouraged me to read the whole , equally enthralling , series .
 Foundation is the first book of Isaac Asimov 's aptly named Foundation Trilogy . Foundation presents the premise that when examining large enough populations of people it becomes possible to predict their behavior stochastically -LRB- and sociologists become statisticians -RRB- . The great psychologist of the day , Dr. Seldon , finds from his statistical data that there is going to be a great social collapse ; and he creates two colonies -LRB- or foundations -RRB- that are designed to shorten the period of chaos the universe will experience before a renaissance occurs . Without giving too much away , this novel is the story of the early years of one Foundation and its ' experiences with the universe around them . This book makes one wonder just how much people act of their own volition and exactly to what extent we are all the same . Is it possible to predict the behavior simply by examining a large group ? Another interesting sub-theme with this book that I found extremely interesting is that eventually there wo n't be any original thoughts ; the example given is of archeology ; the archeologists of Seldon 's age assumed that there was no point in examining ruins ; they simply read books written by the archeologists of earlier generations ; it was assumed that there was nothing else to find . As people explore , explain , create , and discover more and more of the universe , will there eventually come a time that there is nothing else to find ?
 The books in Asimov 's universe are by far the best scifi to date . I enjoyed the Foundation and Robot books so much I collected all 45 books that are set in the Foundation universe , written by Asimov and other authors . While not all authors live up to Asimov , their contribution allows his loyal fans a chance to slip back into the universe he created . If anyone is interested in Scifi books , the Foudnation series is a wonderful place to start .
 Folks , till foundation happened to me , I had for some inexplicable reasons never got introduced to world of science fiction -LRB- SF -RRB- . -LRB- unless you call hitchhikers guide to galaxy as one -RRB- Based on influence of the die hard coterie of Asimov 's fans , I decided to start my journey with Foundation ... and I have really found it cool stuff ... worth reading and excellent investment of time ... since it rejuvenates you with fascinating ideas and terrific narrative . Looking forward to picking up the next one .
 I would recommend this series to anyone . Asimov is a great writer , who 's very prolific -LRB- He 's written over 400 books ! -RRB- This is the start of his Foundation series which is a well-developed series detailing the fall of a Galactic Empire and one man 's attempt to shorten the dark ages that are to come after the fall . For those of you who like hard sci-fi this is the series for you .
 I have nothing bad to say about this book . My 14 year old son read it , liked it , and he wants more . I am getting another Asimov book for him today.Read On !
 I enjoyed the Foundation . The book is divided into 5 parts . The most interesting of the 5 is the 3rd one . The end is not what i expected . The 5 parts overall are not particularly conected in my opinion . But the book was good .
 I Loved It ... Did n't You ??
 In my humble opinion , this is the best Foundation book and the best overall novel that Asimov ever wrote . It 's a work of genius ! There are two sections of the book . The first is a seemingly typical war story of the conflict between the Galactic Empire , led by a strong emporer and a firebrand general , and the dumb-luck , mediocre leadership of the Foundation . It illustrates how , under the Seldon plan , it is virtually impossible to defeat the Foundation . The second part is just phenomenal . Word spreads of a mighty mutant , the Mule , who is conquering the galaxy with unprecedented mental powers . The Foundation is astonished when they do n't beat him ; the Mule is the .001 % that the Seldon plan left room for and dismissed . The Foundation falls , and only a small group of hopefulls dare to go to the library of Trantor to find the Second Foundation and defeat the Mule . This book has it all ; plot twists , philosophy , and colorful , memorable characters . I highly recommend it .
 This series sets the standard for excellence . This demonstrates a master of the craft of writing . Asimov was brilliant and when he turned that intellect to writing , he created amazing works , none better than this .
 The Foundation Trilogy , one of the touchstones of Science Fiction , began as a magazine serial in John W. Campbell 's Astounding Science Fiction in November 1949 . Respective stories were gathered together into the three volumes
 Foundation was by far one of the best science fiction novels I have read . I especially loved his take on religion , and actually making a parody of it ! Through the Foundation 's organized religion , Asimov showed how science can possibly and really be equated with a new religion , or a set of superstitions and preternatural phenomenon . Asimov also showed how religion can sway the minds of the masses , as the subjucation of the Four Kingdoms illustrated . Asimov wrote his wonderful opus as a parallel of the Roman Empire , and the historical allusions show . However , there was something in the book that was surprisingly missing . There were no female characters ! Except for the Commdora of Korell , most of the figures holding real political , social , or economic power in this society of the future , thousands of years ahead , were male . I find this hard to believe . I reasoned , though , that because Foundation was written by Asimov in the 50s , during the `` Golden Age '' of SF , female characters were a scarcity in most science fiction anyway . There were no female writers of SF either . Other than this glaring omission , Asimov has done a brilliant job with Foundation .
 I can see why Issaac Asimov is consider the king of science fiction . To be honest this is the first book I read by him . When I read this book I was flabbergassed that this book was written back in the early fifties . He was so ahead of his time !!! I was amazed of how much this book was mostly all dialouge usually I would of been bored if the book was mostly dialouge but the theories in this book can they be all real one day !! The thought of psychohistory should be a considered science of future and politics . Most of the books I read that are consider science fiction I feel is mostly influence by this man . I know there are more to this series but after I read this book I felt I needed much time to absorb of what I just read because it was such a mind opening experience .
 Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy is seen as classic science fiction . Shockingly , Foundation is hardly a classic . Its theme of history repeating itself is drilled into the readers head . However , Foundation and Empire , the second book in the trilogy , continues with these themes with better fluency and character . `` The General '' continues with the stories of Foundation . General Bel Riose of the old empire tries to conquer the Foundation , and Asimov , once again , reassures that Hari Seldon 's plan can never go wrong . With this setup of reassurance and the death of the first empire , Asimov raises the reader 's hope that the Foundation will never fall.Immediately in `` The Mule '' Asimov rattles his audience with the fear that the Foundation , like the empire , will fall . The Mule , a mutant with psychic powers , was not seen by Seldon 's Plan . The conquest of the Foundation is unstoppable . The second part of the novel allows readers to actually know the characters . They are not just people who act , but we can see their motifs . The end of the book is supposed to have many plot twist that shock the reader , but with foreshadowing , many revelations are undermined . Bayta , one of the main characters , has a deep dread every time something happens with the Mule . This gives away the identity of the Mule.Foundation and Empire is a great read through its despair and hopelessness . It left me on the edge of my seat scrambling for the next book .
 ... The first book -LRB- excluding PRELUDE TO FOUNDATION -RRB- in a five-book series introduces the idea of pyschohistory . Pyschohistory is simply the mathematics and variables in predicting the general future since it can not predict an individual 's . Hari Seldon , pioneer of this revolutionary science has seen into the future where chaos will INEVITIABLY exist for thirty thousand years but with the triumph with each `` Seldon Crises '' they will be able to shorten the years by a millenium . Hari Seldon must rely on the future -LRB- Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow -RRB- to provide each step in shortening the amount of years . FOUNDATION covers the first 100 years of this chaotic period following the life of Salvor Hardin and Hober Mallow , the key players in the book . Though somewhat lacking action and fast-pace suspense , it 's a very good book nonetheless . Asimov is able to find clever ways to conquer each `` Seldon crises '' so ingeniously that it makes up for the lack of action . Infact , Asimov writes with a `` cause and effect '' basis . The book also ends in a way leaving the reader somewhat satisfied yet will want to read the rest of the series.I recommend this book to sci-fi fans or anyone looking for a great read , but the lack of action can bore some . And altogether the series is also great to read .
 If you only read one sci-fi book this should be the one . Complex ideas delivered in a simple way , a great story written in an elegant style . I hunted down the hardback version because I know that this is one series I will want to re-read .
 `` Foundation '' is just one of the many sci-fi/high-tech books and sci-fi in general books that Asimov has written , along with `` Empire '' , that takes us into the far-flung future like no one else can . Other great books by other Masters worth owning are `` Stranger in a Strange Land '' , `` Childhood 's End '' , as well as the more modern cyberpunk like `` Neuromancer '' , `` Snow Crash '' , Cryptonomicon '' , and `` Darkeye
 We already knew that `` psychohistorian '' Hari Seldon had predicted the demise of the galactic empire and to shorten the length of time for `` barbarism '' he established two Foundations . He placed these at oppposite ends of the galaxy , one known , one unknown . Things were going smoothly until the periodic prediction -LRB- when Seldon appears holographically -RRB- was obviously wrong.The cause is the Mule , a mutant of incredible mental powers who no one has ever seen . The introduction of this character was one of the best plot devices used in a long time and it gave the fledging story a much-needed boost . Who is this mutant and why does he do the things he does ? What caused his mental powers ? Can he be defeated ? But most important , what is to happen now that Seldon 's plans can not be followed with accuracy?Stay tuned for book III .
 Foundation by Isaac Asimov is an excellent read for any fan of literature , not just readers of science fiction . It is the first novel in what is known by many as the greatest science fiction trilogy of all time . The story envelops the reader from cover to cover and never stops . The characters are real , with great development from the author.The story itself is about the trials gone through by a small group started by the great scientist Hari Seldon . The goal of the group is to rebuild the Empire after its inevitable fall . The characters are actiive , and the plot is always moving , never letting the reader go for a second . Asimov also uses his great knowledge of science to his advantage in the novel . Foundation is a great read and will not disappoint any who read it .
 Millions of words have been written of this now dated novel yet it is still so enjoyable to read . The influence of the Sci Fi generation that would give us so much to enjoy.The genesis of a great story based in the distant future where space travel is normal as the Galaxy ruled by a human empire , ruled from the planet city of Trantor , that is about to collapes under it 's own weight -LRB- sounds familiar ? -RRB- and of one man that will predict it 's fall and end result.This book is part of a trilogy that would spawn both sequals and prequils that will eventually lead back to the place where it all began . Earth .
 The second book continues the storyline of Hari Seldon and the result of his mathematical equations that would predict the fall of the Empire and bring on a ten thousand year depression . Hari uses mathmatics to reset the prediction so only to allow for a millenium of darkness if a programme he sets up is followed to rule.Banished to the Foundation planet he sets off a type of timetabled holographic calender that would guide the remains of humanity through a thousand years of darkness . However as we know you ca n't predict the future and eventually things start to go wrong . A new character arrives to totally disrupt everything he has planed out for the future , The Mule.Humans are so unpredictable .
 This is truly a defining book for the genre of science fiction . The beauty of this tale is that Asimov began penning it when he was only twenty one years old . The story centers around a falling empire and the many characters throughout its history that define it . It also deals with a sort of scientific prophecy in what is termed `` psychohistory '' . This is the manner in which the future can be predicted using scientific evidence and the laws of probability . This is truly a masterpiece of the genre . A standard which all sci-fi authors should hope to attain . I would recommend this read to anyone that is a science fiction fan . Many readers are familiar with Orson Scott Card . This is the novel which prompted him to become a writer . That this novel is a cornerstone in the genre is an understatment .
 Unlike the first Foundation book , which was a series of related but not inter-connected stories , Foundation and Empire has two longer stories . This lets Asimov flesh out the stories more , adding detail and plot intricacies . The first story , The Big and The Little , is not one of the series ' strongest . However , the second story , The Mule , is the masterpiece of the series . It tells of a muntant , The Mule , who falls outside the scope of Hari Seldon 's psychohistory as one supremely powerful individual . The story is told in almost detective story fashion similar to the first two Robot novels . It 's quite as suspenseful and involving as Asimov at his best and one of his utmost classics . There 's quite a lot of plot tangling and twists , and the ending is a shocker . It 's not quite a cliffhanger but will definitely make you want to read the next book , which is great also . The whole series comes highly recommended .
 ... P > The story was very unique.The world he creates and the society therein is fantasic and dangerous.The protagonist is a mathmatician running around just doing his thing not realizing that destiny awaits him.I really , really recommend this book and the next . By the middle of the third book I did begin to loose interest as my male testosterome began to scream for more violence and suspense.Characters are likeable and the story resolution is very satisfying . This book was great and enjoyable in and of itself even if you do n't continue on with the rest of the series .
 Let 's get started with one of the most celebrated science fiction sagas of all time
 This was probably my fourth reading of the book and what can I say ? I highly recommend it.My brief review is this . The book is a lot of fun to read , has some excellent characters , and a very intriguing plot . For a little more detail continue reading.I 'll start with three specific observations.FIRSTGeorge Lucas was impregnated by the Foundation prior to the birth of Star Wars.Let 's check off some parallels . Decadent empire in decline ? Check . Deep space religion ? Check . Traders/smugglers with a wild-west attitude ? Check . Central planet is entirely one city ? Check.If you are a Star Wars fan and have NOT read this book these little hints alone should be reason for you to check it out.I 'm not discrediting GL for his development of Star Wars , simply identifying a primary source of his inspiration.SECONDThese short stories which became this novel were originally written in the 40 's . Given that the stories are written before the computer age it 's really easy to forgive what technologies he did n't anticipate and appreciate the development of his futuristic world and its own technology.However , it is interesting to note that the technological innovations of the Foundation anticipate to some degree the technological phenomenon we see everywhere in that devices get smaller and smaller but more and more powerful . The main difference is that the Foundation 's limited resource was metal while our real world limitations are more related to energy.THIRDThe scary point ? That even in decline certain civilizations can produce their most advanced achievements . These achievements are however quickly lost as the downward impetus of that civilization is too great to escape its destiny with implosion.Yikes!I think I 'll end with that . Have a nice day !
 I love classic sci-fi , in all it 's wondrous unbelievability . I like stories where humans go to venus and find rainforests and go to mars and establish colonies and can breathe for no reason at all . It 's way off science fact . but it 's awesome . There 's a nostalgic feeling to it that makes me feel comfortable and happy.I 've never read anything by Asimov before , so i thought i 'd start with his multi-part epic classic . The Foundation series takes place in the far , far distant future when humanity has spread itself across the entire galaxy . They live in a political empire , quadrillions of people on billions of planets unified for millenia under one system , advanced , strong and stable . Enter Hari Seldon , a psychohistorian -LRB- aka a mathematician who can use advanced formulas and sociology to predict the future with absolute certainty -RRB- . Seldon predicts the demise of the Empire and a period of chaos , a new dark age , that will last for 30,000 years , unless he takes direct action to preserve all of human knowledge and make subtle changes to reduce those 30,000 years of disunity to a mere 1,000 . I know . A 1,000 year long story . Epic . Seldon is tried for treason and disruption of the peace of the empire , but convinces the leadership of his theories and sets up the Foundation , responsible for the construction of an encyclopedia galactica to preserve all human knowledge on the rim of the galaxy , away from the turmoil about to unfold.From this introduction , Asimov proceeds to tell his story in almost like an anthology format . We see major figures and major events from each generation and how the members of the Foundation deal with crises that lead them to the forging of a new empire , conquering the darkness , chaos and barbarism that spreads across the galaxy in the wake of the fall of the first empire . There are wonderful themes explored from fate , predestination , individuality , change , and religion . This last is probably the most powerful for me . In the wake of the collapse of civilized society and it 's technological wonders , the Foundation finds itself the only group of humans with advanced technology -LRB- mainly nuclear power -RRB- . The other bands of humans whose tech has fallen into disrepair looks upon this advanced technology and science as magic , and the Foundation is quick to seize upon this and make a new religion out of the science , teaching `` priests '' how to repair and use the technology to further their own power and domination in the galaxy . An interesting concept.Asimov is a brilliant sociologist and finds interesting ways to resolve immense political and economic crises . The series is well thought out and brilliantly executed . So why four stars ? Well , the scope of the story is so large that there are innumerable characters to keep track of and develop . Asimov does a fantastic job at that , but I never really identify with anyone , and just when I start liking someone , they die and we move on to the next generation . This is more of a personal quibble than anything serious . Asimov forsees a great many modern technologies from the early 50s including video conferencing , the internet , and miniaturization of a lot of the gadgets available in the 50s , a trend we see continuing today . Looking forward to the second book .
 Asimov was one of the founding fathers of Sci-fi and to him we owe a debt of gratitude for making the genre worthy of the literary title . His messages and considerations give the reader a lot more than just something to kill time . It makes sci-fi an avenue to real soul searching .
 I buy a few and the others are missing . Why ? Is Prelude to Foundation an &#34; obscure &#34; book ? This is absurd .
 The second book in the Foundation series and by far the strongest of the three , and my personal favorite.The book is divided into two parts giving the characters ample time to develop -LRB- compared to the first -RRB- and the story itself will grip you and never let go . It will very easily keep you on the edge wanting more and the final conclusion will leave you wide eyed . Both parts of the book , especially the second , create some incredibly strong and memorable characters that will immerse you so completely in the universe you 'll not want it to end . Asimov created a master piece with the Foundation series and this second book is the staple that holds it together .
 Isaac Asimov 's Foundation series portrays a tremendous sweep of future history . Published in 1951 , Foundation is the first book of this series -LRB- however , Asimov would later write prequels to Foundation -RRB- . Set many thousands of years into the future , this book opens with a description of psychohistory and its founder Hari Seldon . Psychohistory is a branch of mathematics which deals with the reactions of human conglomerates to fixed social and economic stimuli . Mathematician Hari Seldon predicts a series of crises which will impact the Galactic Empire . Wanting to preserve knowledge Seldon sets up a foundation staffed with scholars and scientists.As Asimov wrote Foundation he was influenced by Edward Gibbon 's multi-volume work History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire . In fact , Asimov read Gibbon 's book not once , but twice ! It may be inferred that the emergence of Christianity during Roman times and the emergence of a new religion in Foundation are parallel events . What struck me about this book is that it is primarily composed of dialogue . I also found it interesting that Asimov has newspapers and tobacco still in existence so far into the future . I did like this book and I look forward to reading additional volumes in this epic science fiction series .
 Notetably one of the finest chapters in the Foundation series ... the `` original triology '' is still the best .
 I read this book after coming blind to the foundation books - I 've never read Asimov in a novel before . I 've noted how Asimov , when writing the books , was very much a part of his time . When a character does n't smoke , it is a character trait to point out where everyone else smokes by course . Also , sexism is taken for granted , and when a female character assumes to be treated with equal rights it is a place for comment . I had hoped that we would have found better ways to get high and allowed more equality that far into the future , but I suppose smoke 'em if you got 'em . Anyways , I like this book better than the previous one because there are characters that you can root for and unexpected jerks in the plot-line and a more linear narrative based on the fact that a lot of the exposition is out of the way from the first book . I now can not wait for the finale of the original series and debate weather to read the other three ancillary books that Asimov wrote later .
 These are just a phenomenal set of books . Asimov is and always will be the master of science fiction .
 I loved this series ... couldnt put it down . I highly recommend these books to anyone who loves sci-fi .
 The Foundation series is the most involving and gripping set of science fiction novels I have ever read . And each time I read them , I only enjoy them more and more . But what would really make my millenium -LRB- ca n't forget to interject a Y2K joke ... -RRB- would be to see at least the first Foundation book made into a feature length movie or at least a direct-to-video production . So , if you 're a film-maker that 's reading this , why not consider it ? You 'd make a killing at the box office , that 's for sure .
 Totally gripping and involving . Very imaginative and successful fantasy/mystery .
 I am a teenager , but I read books that are for more advanced readers . Once I picked up Asimov 's `` Foundation '' , I could not put it down . To write a book of such imagination and complexity , and yet to capture the mind of the reader as it did mine , is and extraordinary feat . Asimov is a brilliant writer . I have now begun reding the fourth installement of the series , titled `` Foundation 's Edge '' . He has been able to keep the same level of intensity throughout the entire series , and is still able to keep the reader guessing . Asomov is truly a mastermind . Worthy of comparison with `` Dune '' and `` Lord of the Rings '' . Surely , one , if not the greatest book of all time .
 I think that the first three books of the Foundation series -LRB- `` Foundation '' , `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' -RRB- are excellent . The others maybe are of less quality but as a whole the series is a classic and a must-read group of books for everybody that likes science fiction .
 I do n't ussually read sience fiction , but I came accross these three books in my father 's drawer , and I 'm really glad I did . Luckily , my father had bought the whole Foundation Trilogy years ago . I sat down and read all three books . I 've read the whole series about 9 times ! It 's even more impresive every time . Isaac Asimov is without a doubt a genius . The way he combines the events in his novels , and the way he presents things is outstanding . If you have n't read this book , please do so . It is certainly worth it .
 I have just finished reading the First of the Foundation Series and I truly believe that it is the Best Science Fiction that I have ever read .
 I 'm teeenage kid and before i read the foundation series i was reading Clarke 's book -LRB- particarly the RAMA series , they are almost as good -RRB- The first foundation book i pick up was Foundation and Empire . I did n't even finish it . Then a month or two later at a libary i stumbled on the Foundation book . I started reading and all of sudden Foundation and Empire made sense . Along with Second FOundation these three books are the best ever written -LRB- i have n't read the other foundation books yet -RRB- . As a result of these books i have decided to devote my life to math , or pyshcology , or history , ormabye even physcohistory !!
 This book is a classic . It is a great lesson in Philosphy and Wisdom
 Any coment 's on this serie of books must be a positive one and if it 's not then thats becouse you dident understand the story , so you should reread them all again , i stronly recommend this serie of books to anyone , not just sci fans , but to all that have the taste to read . The author of this serie wrote 470 books , he was a genius and died out of his time with the age of 72 , in memory of ISAAC ASIMOV i recommend all of his books , but especially the foundation series , thaks for reading my review .
 Although the fact that this novel was really several stories put together into one format , which was slightly disconcerting , I still must say that Foundation is a masterpiece , and you can not wait to see what happens next . With every story the Foundation grows in power and you see the intracacies involved in politics and war , trade and power . A blueprint for the eventual realization of a real Psychohistory . Another one of The Greats .
 I read these books for the first time over 30 years ago . They were my first exposure to Sience Fiction . I loved them then and every 5 years or so I read them again . Azimov got me hooked on the genre and I remain a fan of scitech .
 This is the first book in the extremely popular Foundation trilogy . Asimov has this clever idea that extensive control of the population requires religion , technology and the guise of freedom.In reading the introduction by Asimov he reveals the Foundation story was created after completing Gibbon 's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire.The story is full of political intrigue and religious power-plays . Some of my highlights from the book : '' ... religion-controlled commercial empire '' `` Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent . '' '' ... so that we could incubate art , science , and technology , and form the nucleus of the Second Empire . '' `` Now any dogma primarily based on faith and emotionalism , is a dangerous weapon to use on others , since it is almost impossible to guarantee that the weapon will never be turned on the user . `` I 'm looking forward to the second and third books in the trilogy , Second Foundation and Foundation and Empire .
 I had never read any of the foundation novels and yet , considered myself a science fiction fan . Im glad to say i have corrected this glaring error .
 Assimovo should be required reading for all teens . His characters are very believable . Even the smart ones do dumb things , they just do them for smart reasons .
 Really an enjoyable book to read . Asimov had such a hard task in this book , introducing his readers to a large span of history . Most of the book maintained immersion , but the smoking of the characters threw me off a bit -LRB- I wish someone would go through and pull the smoking out , as well as the newspapers , and change them to something else -RRB- . Many people complain about character development being non existent in this book , but character was n't the point of this work . I have never seen another author try in under 300 pages to cover the span of time covered in Foundation . For the constriction he put himself under , the characters are developed as far as they need to be with broad strokes.For people who are critical of this work , read contemporaries of Asimov , and you will find that only he , Bradbury , Herbert , and a few others even bother to develop characters . Most Scifi does n't even bother to develop the science enough to stand on it 's own . In this case , Asimov simply developed what he knew on the time through scaling the size , and using hyperspace to solve distance problems , so it was easy to accept every premise he laid down -LRB- well except for the smoking ... -RRB- The whole point of the premise is that the main characters all have an inkling that there CAN BE NO HERO for Seldon 's plan to work . If at any point , someone had acted with rash heroics , his mathmatics would be rendered null , and the decay of the galaxy would last for ten millennia instead of one .
 This book is simply way out of this scarry scarred annoying world we are forced to live in called earth , with all its stomach aches and dripping joints and footsores and boredom . But old Asimov gives you a chance to go way out of this into just plain gigantic empires and it 's all so way past any human imagination it keeps you satisfied , your poor little soft skin human body satisfied , so long as you keep reading it . Asimmov knows really how to keep you out of it all as long as your nose in his pages . But what is too much a puzzle I just do n't get is how so many people want to take a good fanstasy like his and say he is actually realistic , this is the world we are going to make ourselves in a few hundred years or even sooner . But these people are totally missing the point , I do n't care even if Asimov himself wanted to make all this Foundation real oine day or hoped people would , beause then if we are actually living in this sort of Foundation Empire then , if you think about it , we 'll all actually just be back in boring old scratchy reality again that always feels sort of uncomfortable like velcro . They just do n't get how the whole genre is called `` science fiction and FANTASY . '' The two halfs go together like the inside and outside of your face . Keep reality out . Hooray for unreality and yummy unreality like this one .
 Breathes there a teenager of the md-20th century with a love of science fiction who was not weaned on the Foundation series ? All that sweeping drama , testosterone-laden but basically non-violent -LRB- all the violence is simply swept into summarizing references to ships destroyed and cities ransacked -RRB- marching through decades without concentrating on anything really boring , like character development , emotional entanglements or the trappings of society . Not a single reference to such trash as classical music , or stage shows , or pop music , or romance , just sweeping views of a distant future -LRB- or could it have been the distant past ? -RRB- with the means of traveling between stars in the galaxy in the flash of a gnat 's eyelash.And yet ... revisiting the beloved Foundation , reading through the filter of a lifetime of experience , cracks appear in the plaster , and beneath them one finds that the lath is too widely spaced , the bricks behind that lath are often without mortar , and one can see the trees where bricks are missing . We live already in an age where technology has bypassed this particular Universe . Computers have become infinitely more pervasive than Asimov might have dreamed in his wildest fantasy , for at the time of the writing they were mere collators of stacks of punched cards , the transistor had yet to be introduced or shrunk to the size of a grain of sand , much less a sub-microscopic speck imprinted by the millions on a tiny wafer of silicon.Asimov had enormous faith in the future of Humanity , but he had no idea of how rapidly that future would approach - or how slowly humans would react and adapt to the challenges posed . No Empire can be established when information is instantaneously available to three-quarters of the population . Will an army composed of humans indefinitely repress an entire population composed of their friends , family , relatives ? We see the answer in Libya , in Egypt , in Syria , in Africa - where the mobile phone has allowed guerrilla tactics to be employed by any group , whether terrorist or freedom-fighter or mall-invasion gangs or `` mothers against the death camps of dog pounds . `` Human society has been transformed by 24/7 information availability - but the universe of the Foundation proposes a populace of ciphers acting in ignorance of facts that would already be generally available in the 21st century . `` Just Google it '' or `` look it up in Wikipedia '' is nowhere to be found . There is a project of the First Foundation to write a `` Galactic Encyclopedia '' - yet it already exists in 2012 . And yet that universe is immensely attractive , reduced to comic book simplicity , perfect for any adolescent -LRB- whether 14 or 74 -RRB- to immerse himself - or very infrequently herself , as this universe is truly misogynist
 Asimov is incredibly easy to read . His sentences are perfectly formed , neither too long , nor too decorated , nor too sparse . He strikes the perfect balance for his type of story , driving things forward consistently through description or dialogue whenever each is appropriate.This story takes place over a rather large time period and could really be considered a collection of closely related short fiction instead of a novel . It works well that way . We 're only given information on the most exciting periods of time in the Foundation 's history , and we 're left to fill in most of the blanks on our own.On the downside , there was n't much time to get to know any of the characters . I , Robot follows the same two characters through several situations and you get to know something about them by the end -LRB- even if they are almost cardboard cutouts , it works -RRB- . In Foundation , nobody lasts long enough to really care about.Despite that flaw , it did what any good book should do - it made me interested in continuing the story . Luckily , this is a long series . I 'll have plenty of time to finish it .
 WHY CA N'T I BUY THIS FOR MY KINDLE ????? I want to reread all of the Foundation series , having completed the Robot series , but ca n't find this one for my kindle . Highly frustrated .
 I ca n't get over how much I still enjoy this book series by Asimov . Its been a while since I read it but it still entertains.Michael J. FoyAuthor of The Kennedy Effect and Future Perfect -LSB- ... -RSB-
 There 's so much to be said for Foundation . We start out with the psychohistorians with their leader Hari Seldon who has predicted a 10,000 year Empire is about to crash to its knees and herald in a new Dark Ages . Hari ca n't stop the Dark Ages but he can shorten it.Interestingly he creates a priest class that runs the `` nucleonics '' of the Foundation , its erstwhile goal of creating an Encyclopedia Galactica set aside by stemming the tide of losing technology.You see , the Empire is losing its grip on the other sectors of the galaxy . More and more are dividing and becoming their own little kingdoms . The book centers around several characters who , through inside and cleverness , make things happen to keep the Foundation and create an insidious society that keeps it going.Asimov as an author , I have always been impressed with . His ability to create and predict -LRB- micro-miniaturization -RRB- , parodies and criticism of religion and science , trade and technology , is throughout the book.Near the end , we find that The Foundation is set to expand . Each chapter stands on its own and can be difficult for some to follow . But each chapter expands decades , some more , and as such can be hard to keep up.Highly recommended . Not `` hard core '' sci-fi so much as character-driven sci-fi . Recommend : The Foundation Trilogy Boxed Set -LRB- Foundation , Second Foundation , Foundation and Empire -RRB-
 The foundation novels are superb ! I went on to read the entire original trilogy , the first foundation book being my favorite . The story jumps ahead by leaps and bounds between sections , which can be confusing at first but ends up making for a fantastic treat . Ca n't recommend this series highly enough for any SciFi fan .
 Over time , the stories are good but not the best ever . Somewhat erratic and hard to follow .
 I highly recommend the time to read `` Foundation '' ... it just may convince you to continue on with the rest of the series . I believe it was the forerunner and main idea behind the concept of a galactic empire as has been expanded on by Star Wars and Star Trek . If you would like to see the genesis of the idea behind those phenomena then you 'll very much be rewarded by reading the Foundation series ... besides , anything by Asimov is worth its weight in gold and this is the zenith of his space operatic writings !
 I can not recommend Foundation , and its entire series , highly enough . When it comes to worldbuilding , and examining the possibilities of earth 's future , Asimov does it best . His entire basis is that intelligence , learning , and confrontation of the unknown will be our salvation , instead of ignorance or seeing who carries the biggest gun . A welcome change .
 The book does n't really need yet another enthusiastic review , so I 'll keep this to the point.The stories in this book are really enjoyable . You get to learn about characters in the beginning and then spend the rest of the time reading about the legacy they created and the later events that they had a hand in shaping . I find this satisfying in a way similar to the Dune series but I did n't have to read 6 books.As with every Asimov book I 've read , the plots in this book are forged and hewn into complicated machines that are disassembled before your eyes at just the right climactic moment . It makes for a hard book to put down .
 The Foundation is a series of books about two Foundations at the end of the Galaxy , at the rotting fringes of the Galactic Empire . Psychohistorian Hari Seldon has predicted the fall of the Galactic Empire , and 30,000 years of barbarism that will follow . The Foundations are established at two opposite edges of the Galaxy , little settlements that contain all human knowledge . The problem is that there are certain crises that the Foundations must overcome , with as little guidence from Seldon as possible.This was the first Asimov book I 've ever read , so I did n't know really what to expect . I found I loved it ! It was full of interesting characters , and each novelette showed a different point of time in the Foundation , so instead of slowly going through each year in the 1000 years of barbarism , you actually get somewhere . The characters had pros and cons to them , and seemed well rounded . It also showed a change in character through time , such as characters that were once sharp become dull and characters that used to rebel fall in line . Instead of telling you all about the character on the first page , it gave a general idea and then let the story tell the characters . One part I really liked was that it had plot twists that I did n't see coming , and the plot was n't completely transparent.In the end , this book was a very interesting sci-fi novel that kept me going , and held my interest until the end .
 I realize that it is a fairly arrogant thing to think that I have something new to say about this classic work that the 335 people who reviewed it before me have n't said already , so if you are reading this , you must REALLY be interested in this series.The only reason I 'm bothering is because I tend to write personal reviews with personal musings , a habit which has cost me more than a few `` helpful '' votes here and there.My purpose here -LRB- really -RRB- is to be a sort of compass for people , especially newer SF fans who are just learning about the genre.If you are a member of this group then you need to ask yourself a question . That question is
 You would be hardpressed to point to another of Asimov 's work and name it better the Foundation .
 Over a decade ago I checked this book out of the library , only to return it later having read only a couple of pages . I bought a copy the other day and was pleasantly surprised.Asimov started writing the Foundation series when he was 21 and this novel was first published in 1951 . In some ways the time period in which it was written can be seen . Nuclear power is envisioned as the be-all , end-all of energy . People smoke -LRB- although the cure for cancer was apparently found , so any carcinogenic effects would be annulled -RRB- and there 's talk of `` microfilm records . `` That said , the story was well-written and the reader can clearly imagine the events depicted as plausible . There is an overarching narrative focusing more on the grand sweep of history , but it is told in vignettes from the lives of key characters at important moments in time . `` Foundation '' is a clever book with a storyline that ages well .
 This book , along with Frank Herbert 's Dune are the two cornerstones of science fiction . Many subsequent writers owe a debt to Foundation , which is best read within the original trilogy -LRB- Foundation , Foundation and Empire , Second Foundation . It is extremely exciting for anyone with a sense of the ` epic ' questions of the fate of mankind , or for that matter , any large society or culture . A staggering achievement.It is hard to get to the end of this work and not want to pick up Foundation and Empire.Now I might add that I did not personally enjoy very much the subsequent `` interference '' with the books created by the subsequent novels - Foundations Edge , Foundation and Earth , and Prelude to Foundation . I think Asimov 's idea for the story changed as he got older -LRB- certainly the `` robot '' angle is increasingly emphasised , which I think is to the general detriment of the series -RRB- and while I have not read much literary criticism on this topic , I would suggest the original idea was better .
 I first read these books when I was in high school and althoughI almost never read fiction , and do n't particularly like sciencefiction -LRB- even though I studied geophysics in university andwork as an engineer -RRB- , these books made an immense impressionon me . As I began to study Judaism , I finally discovered thatAsimov , a non-observant , yet knowledgable Jew , was using theformat of science fiction to describe the Jewish concept of theredemption of mankind . A careful reading of the BiblicalProphets shows that the ideal world that history is leadingmankind towards has universal peace between nations and ade-emphasis of technology in favor of the development of man ` sinner , morespiritual side . However , this development of man 's spiritualqualities and move towards universal harmony is accompaniedby upheavels and wars . Jewish tradition also says that theworld is sustained by 36 `` hidden '' righteous people whosegood deeds and spritual superiority are vital from preventingthe destructive forces in the world , both natural andman-made from overcoming everything and leading the worldto chaos.Asimov used the two Foundations as his vehicle for describingthis cosmic process , and an important part of the story isthe necessity of the Second Foundation to remain `` hidden '' toallow the process to work itself out.As far as the story itself is concerned , it is true that it isdated ... for example , Asimov places the capital of the GalacticEmpire on the planet Trantor which `` is at the center of theGalaxy '' . Today , it is believed that the center of the galaxyis full of black holes and lethal amounts of radiation , so itis unlikely there would be life as we know it there . Also , Asimov posits atomic energy as being the ultimate form of powerbut physics has advanced beyond that point to fusion and otherexotic forms of power.On the other hand , Asimov wrote these stories in the wake ofthe Second World War and so he is quite aware of how so manyinstitutions created by men ... including governments and religiousestablishments , even starting with the bestof intentions , seems to run into crises . Thus the GalacticEmpire , which brought centuries of peace and prosperity tomankind , is brought inevitably to a point of degeneration , andhow the -LRB- First -RRB- Foundation itself , founded by idealistic , intelligent people who are at least partly aware of theirimportant role in shaping a better future for mankind , rapidlydegenerates into a repressive dictatorship.As others have pointed out , these stories have almost no `` action '' , which is fine with me -LRB- my favorite movies and TV shows alsohave no action , e.g. Twelve Angry Men -RRB- and in spite of thefact that these stories are 60 years old , I recommend themto anyone who wants a deeper look at mankind 's natureand its destiny .
 I do not know much about science fiction . For this reason , I read < Foundation > just as I read a fiction . Although so far I read only the first one of the trilogy , I liked it.What is interesting and strange at the same time in this book is that , in every chapter , a new main character appears . It takes time for a reader to develop familiarity with a character and to get interested and affected by the character 's thoughts and actions . By the time one forms such a tie with the character , however , the chapter somewhat abruptly ends and the character is finished ! The chapters of this book , therefore , could be seen as self-contained short stories loosely connected by the theme of the development of the Foundation over one thousand years.One thing about this kind of way in which each chapter unfolds is that it may well have been inevitable for the author because he had to cover so long a time period . The other thing is that somehow it leaves a lot of room for a reader to think back more about what a character did in each crisis and how history set the stage for the crisis , whether this effect was intended or not by the author.This book was a good read both entertaining and thought-provoking .
 I always enjoy reading Isaac Asimov 's writing , and foundation was no exception . The plot is imaginative and original , like much of Asimov 's writing . Foundation is set in the future , a time when our galaxy is ruled by a failing empire . Hari seldon , a psychologist , must prevent the galaxy from falling into anarchy and barbarism by creating a foundation of scientists . Foundation is fun to read , and provides ample entertainment . I recommend reading it .
 This is the first book in the famous Foundation trilogy . The story is simple . It 's over 50,000 years in the future and humans have spread throughout the whole galaxy , with millionsof worlds and quintillions of people united by an Empire . However , the empire is crumbling.Enter Hari Seldon , the pioneer of psycho-history - a kind of complete , mathematical social science that uses statistical averages and modelling to predict social trends in large populations for thousands of years to come . Hari 's studies show that the collapse of the empire is invevitable . However , if he takes action now , the period of suffering before the next empire might be decreased from 30,000 years to 1000 . So , he establishes two foundations on opposite sides of the galaxy to follow his master plan . This book is the story of the first foundation.As a work of literature , expect no marvels of prose or metaphor . Most of the chapters are dialogue between people . There is also little characterisation and a blatant disregard for the `` show , do n't tell '' rule of writing . All of these things are there because the trilogy covers hundreds of years . As such , this novel is divided into 5 books with a gap of decades or centuries between each . The whole text is very episodic as we watch an entire civilisation emerge from a modest group of scientists to a powerful force in the outskirts of the galaxy.So , the concepts of the book were what I found interesting . Of course , the whole premise that human history can be mathematically be mapped out as a kind of law of averages seems ridiculous to me . I do n't think that Asimov believed that either - he just saw it as an interesting idea for a story . The great Hari Seldon maps out the future history of the Foundation , ensuring that it basically has one cosmic path to follow - one which will end in laying the seeds for the new Galactic Empire.The first book details with around the first 200 years of the foundation , as several crises are encountered by individuals as forces of history . With few military resources , the leaders are forced to rely on their wit . I 'm onto the second book now so should find out if that wit was enough.A great read in that you 'll find in interesting even if you are n't a great science fiction fan - it has very unique perspectives social `` science '' and what makes a civilization .
 Asimov was one of the incredible path-breakers for science fiction , and the Foundation books are thought by many to make up one of the best and most far-reaching series of the entire genre . While Asimov was a biochemist by trade , he certainly understood the circular pattern of human history , regardless of the amount of technology available to mankind.Foundation is about the fall of the Galactic Empire that has ruled for times immemorial -LRB- so long , in fact , that the memory of the legendary `` Earth '' is but a myth -RRB- . The Empire 's fall will obviously result in much chaos as the wheels of law struggle to beat back the inevitable barbarians who rise to loot and pillage -LRB- rather than rebuild -RRB- the riches of the old Empire . All of this seems a rather bleak future for humanity , yet Asimov is a hopeless optimist -LRB- at least in my eyes -RRB- in that he sees the resilience of people as ever reaching . The Foundation series is therefore a group of novels about the ways in which humanity restores itself even after all seems lost . `` Foundation '' , the first novel in the series , focuses on a colony formed by one who foresees the destruction of the Empire , a man named Hari Seldon . Seldon therefore attempts to minimize the effects of the collapse by building a community made up of intellectuals called the `` Foundation '' . The book is divided into three separate stories at completely different times in the history of Seldon 's paradise , one at the formation of the Foundation , another at its troublesome infancy , and the last at the time that the Foundation becomes economically independent -LRB- it becomes internally capitalistic and externally somewhat imperialistic -RRB- . Each story rather stands alone and , while the last is somewhat disappointing , each is worthy in its own right.Highly recommended ; if you do n't read this book , you ca n't understand science fiction as a genre .
 Hari seldom , the man who predicted the fall of the empire in the first book , established foundations on each end of the galaxy to prevent the rise of a dark age . The fallen empire from the first part of the book has incresed it 's strength and with that strength , it plans to seize control of the foundation . With an ambitious and skilled general , and dozens of battle fleets , the foundation faces it 's greatest enemy.Personally , I liked the second part with the mule better then the war with the empire , because the main characters have nothing to do with the foundations victory , which makes the plot not a major factor for the story , but this also leads the reader into more surprises for the end of the section . `` I am the mule '' . As the reader discovers the identity of the speaker , all loose ends are tied up while creating a great twist for the end . Even though Seldon 's predictions guide the foundation to overcome the first four crises , this is the book where his predictions turn the foundation into a disaster . A mutant is born , having the power to fight against any great power of the galaxy , a man that is able to defeat dozens of battle fleets , with the intelligence greater then any scientist of the foundation . . The second part of the book is full of surprises , so please finish the book if you have started it or you might miss one of the best plots in science ficiton . While reading the story of the two couple 's adventures , the reader needs to think deeply in their every move . Isaac lets the reader feel the negative consequences in prediction . The more hope the foundation has on Hari Seldon 's prediction , the greater fall they will need to suffer . Although the plot of the couple 's is resolved , the foundations destiny is discovered in the third book , the second foundation . I believe any reader that has read this book will definitely also need to read , the second foundation , so I recommend buying both books .
 This is truly a defining book for the genre of science fiction . The beauty of this tale is that Asimov began penning it when he was only twenty one years old . The story centers around a falling empire and the many characters throughout its history that define it . It also deals with a sort of scientific prophecy in what is termed `` psychohistory '' . This is the manner in which the future can be predicted using scientific evidence and the laws of probability . This is truly a masterpiece of the genre . A standard which all sci-fi authors should hope to attain . I would recommend this read to anyone that is a science fiction fan . Many readers are familiar with Orson Scott Card . This is the novel which prompted him to become a writer . That this novel is a cornerstone in the genre is an understatment .
 This was the first book I have read by Isaac asimov and I can say it was worth the wait . While this book is very old it is still an excellent read . Asimov presents a very convincing future for humanity . The book is broken into several sections that were originally short stories in a sci-fi magazine . They gel togethor perfectly and the overall story is wonderful . This book details Hari Seldon and his prediction of the fall the galactic empire and the rise of barbarism for 30000 years . He however thinks he can avert the disaster and only have 3000 years of barbarism in the galaxy . Based on this he sets up two seperate foundations that are supposed so achieve this goal . This book is focused on the first foundation and it 's trials as the fall of the galactic empire begins.THe characters in this book are good . While each section is short you really empathize with the characters and their lives . The plot is excellent some of the suprises he throws at you are quite extrodinary . My only complaint is some the terminology in this book is quite old and often times is quite funny to read . However the ideas , characters , and plot make up for the archaic wording in the book.I would recommend this book to any science fiction fan !
 The story of Foundation continues in F&E ; , with the stories in this book taking us through the final fall of the old Galactic Empire and the power vacuum left in its wake . The most known aspect of the second book however , is the idea that psychohistory is limited in that it is not able to predict aspects caused by wild chance -- and in this second Foundation book , wild chance threatens Foundation in the person of a powerful mutant called the Mule.Well-written , as Asimov always is .
 The trilogy is essential , but since Asimov also capitalized on his own genius by writing what seems to be hundreds of lesser Foundation stories , it can all get very confusing and a bit draining . This is the second book in the original trilogy , so it is from a science fiction point of view essential reading . The trilogy itself comes up with two highly memorable characters , Hari Seldon , the psycho-historian , who uses Mathematics to predict the future and establish a `` Foundation '' that will limit the dark ages after the fall of the `` Empire '' to a single millenium -LRB- as opposed to ten . -RRB- He reappears as a hologram at certain points in the story with more or less accurate takes on what is happening in `` History '' at that point.The other very memorable character is the Mule . He represents the variable that makes predicting `` History '' mathematically a tricky business at least , not to mention impossible . He is a nasty totalitarian character who strangely in Asimov 's hands manages to elicit some sympathy . Asimov is playing with the idea of predicting human behavior scientifically -LRB- or controlling it scientifically , -RRB- but this character is also a humanistic meditation on how masses of people get overwhelmed by evil social forces like fascism and soviet communism . You can see that Asimov lived through the era of Hitler , Mussolini , Franco and Stalin and that these cult of personality tyrants and the submission of masses of people to their destructive and sadistic wills profoundly affected his view of human nature . Foundation and Empire seems to be an attempt to come to terms with that experience , and so has something to say about the specifics of twentieth century history , as well as about historical philosophy .
 The Foundation trilogy -LRB- three first books -RRB- and the Foundation series -LRB- all seven -RRB- are often regarded as the greatest set of Science Fiction literature ever produced . The Foundation series won the one-time Hugo Award for `` Best All-Time Series '' in 1966 . Isaac Asimov was among the world 's best authors , an accomplished scientist , and he was also a genius with an IQ above 170 , and it shows in the intelligently concocted but complex plots and narrative . There are already 331 reviews for this Science Fiction novel , however , I still believe I have something unqiue to contribute which is stated in my last paragraph.This book and the rest in the series take place far in the future -LRB- allegedly 50,000 years -RRB- at a time when people live throughout the Galaxy . A mathematician Hari Seldon has developed a new branch of mathematics known as psychohistory . Using the law of mass action , it can roughly predict the future on a large scale . Hari Seldon predicts the demise of the Galactic Empire and creates a plan to save the knowledge of the human race in a huge encyclopedia and also to shorten the barbaric period expected to follow the demise from 30,000 years to 1,000 years . A select people are chosen to write the Encyclopedia and to unknowingly carry out the plan to re-create the Galactic Empire . What unfolds in this book and in the books that follow is the future history of the demise and re-emergence of a Galactic Empire , written as a series of adventures , in a similar fashion to the Star Wars series.Even though this is arguably the greatest set of Science Fiction novels ever written , I do not recommend it to those who are only mildly interested in Science Fiction . Character development is not the focus of these novels and the large amount of technical/scientific details , schemes and plots can become both confusing and heavy for the unitiated Science Fiction reader . If you read this one you will feel the need to read the others which may take a long time . If you are new to Science Fiction start with something lighter and when you are hooked you can continue with this series . Also , in my opinion the second and third books were better than the first .
 -LSB- The quotation is from Salvor Hardin , Mayor of Terminus . -RSB- Let 's say it 's around 1940 or so ; you 're studying chemistry in grad school but your true love is history ; you 've read Edward Gibbon 's _ The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire _ , but writing a historical novel set in the _ past _ would require just too much research ; you get the bright idea of writing a historical tale set in the _ future _ , about the decline and fall of a _ Galactic _ Empire , and you suggest as much to John W. Campbell , Jr.Campbell 's response
 The Foundation Trilogy is my favorite sci-fi book series , and also my favorite work by asimov . The first book in the series , Foundation , is concerned primarily with two concepts . The first is the concept that history repeats itself over and over again , and that just as great empires fell in the past , the same problems will in the future aflict empires once they become too big . And naturally after the fall of a great empire , chaos ensues . The other concept this book describes is the theory that science and mathematics are capable of predicting the trends in complex systems such as large groups of people.I am going to be honest . This book was revolutionary for its time , and a great many famous sci-fi writers were inspired after reading this book . I know that I personally could never look at world governments the same way after reading this book . It truly opens your eyes to tendancy of people to make the same mistakes over and over again , repeating the same patterns on a large scale . And not only is this book easy to read and greatly thought-provoking , it is also great fun . It uses Asimov 's trademark style . Little violence , even less sex , but a great plot and lots of cool technology . If you take science fiction at all seriously , you owe it to your self to give this book a read .
 Foundation -LRB- 1951 -RRB- is the first SF novel in the Foundation series . Although originally a series of novelettes published separately in Astounding , it was later combined into this novel . `` The Psychohistorians '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- was created as an introduction to the series with the publication of the Gnome press novel . It describes the political maneuvering by Hari Seldon to establish the Foundation on Terminus . `` The Encyclopedists '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- relates the first of the `` Seldon Crises '' when the Foundation is caught between the retreating empire and the growing Anacreon kingdom . `` The Mayors '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- tells of the second crisis when Wienis , the Prince Regent of Anacreon , decides to take over the Foundation . `` The Traders '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- depicts the third crisis after Askone arrests a Foundation agent trying to spread the Scientism religion . `` The Merchant Princes '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- recounts the fourth crisis when a Foundation trader discovers a market for his advanced technology devices.Although the empire portrayed within this novel was actually based on the Roman empire , technology itself became a major force in the story . Thus , slavery was not a problem in this empire until it began to decline and lose its technology . This decline also allowed the Foundation to spread its influence through advanced technology.When these stories were written , computers were only laboratory toys . Thus , the original Foundation series did n't incorporate computers as such . These stories seem strangely old-fashioned without household , business and embedded computers . Nonetheless , the author did foretell the use of electronic hand calculators.The author did include computers in the robot stories written during this timeframe , but they were massive devices used in the factories to design and manufacture robots . The emphasis was upon positronic brains -- something like neural nets -- rather than true computers . Maybe our industry just has n't yet caught up to his technological projections.This novel is one of the most famous works of science fiction . While it describes future sciences far beyond current capabilities , it still inculcated a sense of the methodology underlying real science and technology . While the author went on to become a major writer of science fiction , he also became one of the best elucidators of popular science in the world.Still , this tale contains all the flaws of Campbellian science fiction . The major characters are always male . The dialogue is somewhat stilted and old-fashioned . In addition , the story contains more ideas than action . Of course , this tale is also outdated because of all the imitations and stimulations resulting from it.Highly recommended for Asimov fans and for anyone else who wants to read classic works of science fiction.-Arthur W. Jordin
 This is a gerat book to read . I read it first from all the other books in the series , and now I own all the books . That is really a great start . If you are just begining to read the series , here 's somehting to help you know the order - 1 -RRB- PRELUDE TO FOUNDATION 2 -RRB- FORWARD THE FOUNDATION 3 -RRB- FOUNDATION 4 -RRB- FOUNDATION AND EMPIRE 5 -RRB- SECOND FOUNDATION 6 -RRB- FOUNDATION 'S EDGE 7 -RRB- FOUNDATION AND EARTH -LRB- it 's out of print -RRB- ALL of these books are available at a great price here on Amazon.com , even Foundation and Earth . read the whole series if you 're a big sci-fi fan , like I am !
 OK , I admit it . I am totally incapable of writing an unbiased , objective review of this book , just as I am unable to say unbiased , objective things about my first girl friend . This was the first SF novel that I read -LRB- actually , I bought it for a friend and then read it before I gave it to him -- the beginning of a life-long nasty habit -RRB- when I was 14 . The scope of the story is breathtaking , the pace is good -- especially for Asimov who tended to be pretty wordy -- and the details engaging . Asimov wrote this as a series of connected stories for `` Astounding '' magazine , and this shows in the oddly repeated facts that allowed the ` zine readers to follow the plot even when they missed earlier stories . It also adds a certain pulpy flavor to the text , which I think works well . SF about grand civilizations that are galactic in scope does n't need to -- and probably should n't -- sound like Great Fiction . I think the gritty , quick style of Asimov 's pulp writing works well.One of my favorite things about the whole `` Foundation '' series -LRB- you need to real all three of the originals , by the way , the newer ones are optional -RRB- is the way they presaged certain now-routine SF conventions . The most notable , of course , is the globe-encovering city/planet of Trantor , most recently replicated by George Lucas in `` Star Wars
 Asimov had an active and brilliant imagination - truly , a scientist writing fiction . This series is science fiction on a grand scale . When you keep in mind that this story originated in 1951 , it is easy to see how much Star Trek , Star Wars and yes even Heinlein 's & Clarke 's later works borrowed from these ideas.Anyway , Asimov at his best was a creator ; he had amazing ideas of the universe , how it worked , and how to structure stories that manipulated the readers expectations.The Foundation series is like a spider web that continues to become more intricate and complex with each chapter . The intricacy of the plotting is amazing , although honestly it 's not self-evident in the first few stories of the first novel , given that they were published independantly , as serialized short stories told one at a time.Only with the second book did this change.The basic premise
 First I should say that this is a great book . It is the second book in the Foundation Trilogy . And if you need some help on the order of the books , here tis
 This is the first published volume -LRB- which was originally published as four short stories in `` Astounding Science Fiction '' magazine , 1942-1944 , with an introductory section written in 1949 -RRB- of Asimov 's famous trilogy , which affected many later works . This trilogy , which won a special Hugo Award in 1966 for the best science fiction series of all time , was later expanded into further volumes by Asimov -LRB- in fact , two prequels are Asimov 's `` Prelude to Foundation '' and `` Forward the Foundation '' ; after Asimov 's death in 1992 , other authors -LSB- for example , Gregory Benford 's `` Foundation 's Fear , '' Greg Bear 's `` Foundation and Chaos , '' and David Brin 's `` Foundation 's Triumph '' -RSB- have contributed to the series -LSB- note that there are now five novels that serve as prequels to Asimov 's first published Foundation book ! -RSB- -RRB- . In these stories , spacecraft travel over large distances via `` jumps . '' The ships spend most of their time in a form of hyperspace , each jump being aimed at a certain target star . The central character , Hari Seldon , is a psychohistorian . Psychohistory is the mathematics dealing with the reactions of very large masses of mankind to social and economic stimuli -LRB- and the recent advances in chaos theory in advanced mathematics lends credibility to Asimov 's psychohistory -RRB- . His calculations predicts an end to the Galactic Empire -LRB- an empire remarkably similar to the Roman Empire on Earth -RRB- . Two Foundations are set up to ease mankind through the dark area predicted -LRB- or else , the dark period will last 30000 years -RRB- and , after a thousand years , will join together to form a second Empire . Although Asimov 's early writing style leaves much to be desired -LRB- recall this was all put together in his early 20s during World War II when he worked for the U. S. Navy and when he was finishing his graduate work at Columbia Univ. -RRB- , it is still fun reading ; I enjoy every time I reread it . It is particularly enjoyable in the context of the other volumes . This first published volume has five parts . In `` The Psychohistorians , '' an introductory tale -LRB- which begins about 46 years after the events described in `` Prelude to Foundation '' and thirteen years after the events described in the last story of `` Forward the Foundation '' -RRB- , Dr. Hari Seldon and a young colleague are arrested on the planet Trantor -LRB- the governing center of the Galactic Empire -RRB- and tried for treason . Seldon 's group are to be exiled to the planet Terminus on the galactic rim where they will form a scientific refuge . Seldon also plans to set up another group somewhere else . We later learn , in Part III , that this other group -LRB- the Second Foundation -RRB- is located at a place known as Star 's End at the other end of the galaxy . In `` The Encyclopedists , '' taking place about fifty years later , a large number of members of the original Foundation are on the planet Terminus and are compiling a massive encyclopedia to prepare for the upcoming dark age . But , why were no psychobiologists and only one psychologist present among the original colonists ? The remaining three parts continue the development of the Foundation on Terminus .
 Originally written in the 1950 's for serial publication , the Foundation Trilogy -LRB- and the additional books written in the series -RRB- is often hailed as Asimov 's greatest achievement . Certainly , the original trilogy is high on my list of `` must read '' science fiction.The Foundation Trilogy presents us with a universe controlled by the Galactic Empire . The Empire has governed the known universe for tens of thousands of years and appears to be at the zenith of its power . But the Empire is burdened by the weight of the bureaucracy needed to govern millions of worlds . Trantor , the administrative seat of the Empire is a planet completely covered by buildings . A vast , planet-wide city , it houses the millions of functionaries necessary to administer the Empire . As wealthy and as powerful as the Empire seems , disaster is just around the corner . However , only one man , Hari Seldon , is able to recognize the Empire 's impending doom.Hari is a mathematician who has developed the breakthrough field of Psychohistory . Psychohistory is the mathematical process by which the actions of people can be predicted in advance . This science does not work for predicting individual behavior , but instead predicts the behavior of a mass of humanity -LRB- billions of people -RRB- . By analyzing the Empire with Psychohistorical methods , Hari has determined that the Empire will crumble within 500 years , plunging the known universe into barbarism that will prevent a new Empire from arising for 30,000 years!Fortunately , Hari has developed a plan that , if executed , will curtail the period of galactic decay to a mere 1,000 years . However , it is unclear whether Hari can persuade the Emperor to allow him to move forward with his plan . Can Hari and his fellow scientists save the universe ? Or will the shortsighted aims of a greedy , grasping Emperor derail their plans?Although these works are science fiction , they would probably not be classed as `` hard '' science fiction . There is some necessary discussion of scientific principles , but not enough to bore any `` technophobes '' who may be reading the novels . The trilogy focuses mainly on the people involved in the Seldon plan , as opposed to the technology being used by them . Asimov always enjoyed speculating on how people would evolve and react to advanced technology and he lets his imagination run wild here.Two significant milestones were achieved with this work . First , Asimov became one of the first writers to theorize that atomic power would revolutionize society . Second , I believe Asimov was the first to present a planet that was entirely covered by buildings . The universe he creates is engaging and filled with fascinating , believable characters . Since the books were serialized , many chapters -LRB- especially in the first volume -RRB- contain complete plot lines and make the book easy to read if you need to break up your reading time into small increments . Lots of political intrigue and maneuvering keeps the action flowing through all three books.Foundation sets the stage for the rest of the series . Hari Seldon is introduced and his theories of Psychohistory are explained . Then Seldon 's Foundation is established on Terminus , a remote planet at the edge of the Empire , with the goal of shortening the period of barbarism the universe will experience . However , there are no Psychohistorians located in the Foundation ... only scientists . The planet has very few native metals and virtually no defenses . The scientists must figure out how to rule their world and fend off avaricious neighbors as the Empire begins to crumble . The majority of this first volume contains vignettes chronicling the Foundation leaders responding to various crises that Hari Seldon predicted centuries before . The crises are varied and plausible . The solutions to the problems that arise are not solved by any miraculous means , but by tough , clever political maneuvering . Watching the crises and their solutions unfold is very enthralling and keeps you turning the pages at a rapid pace.There is something here for everyone to enjoy . If you have never read this fine trilogy , buy a copy today . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Isaac Asimov has always been a better science writer than a science fiction writer . He does not have the turn of phrase , the poetic endownment , the ability to have characters change and grow and become interesting ... but , his ideas have always been cutting edge without being over the top.The vision of the breakdown of the future empire , of Hari Seldon and the school of psychohistory , the idea of setting up two Foundations at each end of the galaxy ... great elements of a story . There has been talk that Asimov `` borrowed '' these ideas from Campbell but if so , he gave them a polish and a new direction that completely transformed the otiginal ones.One must grant literary , historical and scientific license to the writer in that many of the inventions we take for granted were only glimmers in the eye of a teenager in the 50 's . The ideas are stunning in scope if not in execution . I would have loved to have seen a Heinlein or Pamela Sargent with this material . Still , it retains the reader throughout ... and sets up the next novel in the trilogy .
 I first read the Foundation series many years ago and made the mistake of loaning the books to a friend - of course , I never got them back . Recently I decided to buy the series again and once again I was amazed with how ahead of their time they were , considering how long ago they were written . The central premise of the story is imaginitive , and the plot devices by which Asimov drives the book forward are cleverly thought out.I 'm not a fan of `` laser guns and spaceships '' science fiction , and I hold to the idea that people living hundreds of years from now will fundamentally be the same as us . We wo n't be wearing silver suits and living on a diet of vitamin pills . So it 's refreshing to read a `` sci-fi '' story that does n't get bogged down with high-tech stuff , but focusses on human development . I 'd recommend it to any one , whether you 're a sci-fi geek or not .
 The ` Golden Age ' of science fiction -LRB- typically defined as the period shortly after John W. Campbell took charge of Astounding magazine to the late '40s -RRB- produced many of the seminal ideas now taken for granted -LRB- and almost cliched -RRB- by the SF genre . Foundation was certainly part of this era , defining two major ideas
 This is the first book I have read on my own and really fallen in love with . I am in 8th grade , and I found it very easy to understand and tremendously engrossing . I just could n't put it down after I started it . Sometimes I would laugh out loud as the characters would pull such amazingly witty and ingenious double-crosses on their enemies . A definite must read for any sci-fi fan .
 This is just about the best SF series ever , and this book is the best in the series . If you want to get into Asimov 's universe this is the place to start . Just as good are his Robot series . Every one of Asimov 's characters are expertly defined and easyly remembered . One of the best reads I ever had . Excellent -LRB- that 's why I wo n't spoil the plot -RRB- .
 Isaac Asimov 's Foundation is one of the most extraordinary books I 've ever read . Its brilliant plot , minute detail and far-ranging scope are unequaled . Another plus for this book is that you realised it did n't focus on 1 main character ; it 's focus was on the evolution of the Foundation as a whole . More , it 's the first book in the most famous science fiction series ever . A must-read for any serious SF fan .
 Foundation is set about 12,000 years in the future where the weakening grip of the galactic empire is showing strong signs of decline.Enter Hari Seldon , key figure in the book , whom , as per his psycho-historical mathematics claims to bring 30,000 years of barbarism down to a mere 1000 by setting up two foundations at the opposite ends of the galaxy . The story about the first Foundation follows and here asimov attacks typical sociological issues and how the infant society deals with them.It is more of a series of well-connected snapshots over several decades , rather than a contiguos moving story/time line . The only weakness of the book , if you want to call it that , is the lack of good character development ... but it doesnt impede the reader from following the twists and turns of the plot.Foundation is the first book in what is perhaps Sci-Fi 's most imaginative and complete series by Issac Asimov . It 's almost a sin to not finish the series which include -LRB- in order -RRB- foundation and empiresecond foundationfoundation 's edgefoundation and earth < -- best book of the seriesTo get most thrill out of the series , i highly recommend reading the robot series -LRB- the caves of steel , the naked sun , the robots of dawn , robots and empire -RRB- before moving on to foundation 's edge and foundation and earth .
 This book has flaws , yes , as some of the earlier reviewers have pointed out , but they are seriously missing the point if they give the book fewer than 2 stars . Asimov was a man of great ideas and scientific knowledge , but I do not believe that he ever took a creative writing class . He was writing back in the days when a writer wrote , rather than talked about writing . So , OK , some of the characters talk as though they are in a cowboy movie . So , OK , some of the dialogic phrasings are awkward or stilted . So , OK , there is only one teeny tiny female character -LRB- as a black man myself , I might aslo point out that we of the African Diaspora are noticeably absent from the futuristic roll call -RRB- . The whole idea of psychohistory is so engaging that you sit there for hours pondering it and thinking , and he was so young when he wrote this . So young . This is a great book , a true classic .
 While reading this book , I could n't help exulting on the philosophy of the book and the characters ' conduct . Though the Foundation keeps confronting belligerent forces , the heads of Foundation 's government and those in charge do not resort to violence ! Instead of the automatic jump to use violence in a threatening situation , they use civil disobedience , embargos , and gentle ways of subjugation . Even though some warhawks -LRB- the Actionists of Terminus in Hardin 's time -RRB- agitate the Foundation to go to war , in the end , the doves prevail , using their tactics of nonviolence . Since Asimov -LRB- genius -RRB- published this book in 1951 , three years since the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi , I could tell that it was influenced by Gandhi 's nonviolent philosophy . Albert Einstein recognized the enlightened mind of Gandhi , who advocated nonviolent tactics and change without shedding blood . Throughout Asimov 's Foundation , published three years after Gandhi 's assassination , Gandhi 's teachings are very evident . Most readers probably did n't recognize this , but Foundation was probably influenced by one of the major figures of our century -- Gandhi . Also , the nonviolent philosophies of Leo Tolstoy and Henry David Thoreau are also somewhat present .
 I really liked Foundation . Then I really liked the first part -LRB- `` The General '' -RRB- of this . And then the Mule showed up ... First , Asimov always had trouble writing a mystery . I identified the Mule the first time he showed up , and I figured out the basics of his mutation as soon as the Visi-Sensor was described . And that leads me to my second nitpick . The Mule did n't need to have such a powerful ability to affect others . The ability to read minds plus high intelligence would give the Mule the same ability to predict reactions as a trained psychohistorian , and the Visi-Sensor would give him the tool to exploit it . The story itself would go much the same way , with the Mule 's ability to force predicted reactions replacing his ability to force actions , but with a tighter integration with the ideas of the previous book . Furthermore , it would have meant none of the psychic conspiracies which proceeded to dominate in the books Second Foundation , Foundation 's Edge , etc. . The ability to twist minds transforms psychohistory from the powerful science of Foundation to simply a method of forecasting the societal impact of psychic manipulation . It also transformed the Foundation series from moderately hard SF stories about the impact of a new science to just another set of stories about mind control magic . BTW , I like fantasy and soft SF -- I just wish Foundation did n't change genres in mid-trilogy .
 Very briefly , to the pair of one-star reviews below , keep in mind that these stories were written in the 1940 's ! Must you blame Mr. Asimov for `` inaccuracy '' in a time where much more mainstream sources felt that by 1980 we 'd all be zipping around in flying bubble cars ? Obviously you missed the point here . The Foundation series is about our own humanity , not about where we will be technologically in the year 15000 . No , I ca n't prove that there could actually be a Mule , but why waste your time trying to ? The Mule is probably one of the best literary constructs to grace the world of science fiction , one that is n't decked out in gadgets and laser beams . There 's something to be said about a writer that can make a sci-fi villian without resorting to hi-tech hijinks . You did n't like the Mule ? Well tough luck and go back to reading your Star Trek novels .
 In his Foundation Trilogy -LRB- later to be extended in additional books -RRB- , the prolific science fiction/fact writer Isaac Asimov told a story of a small group of people who secretly steered the course of history using technology that we would now recognize as an outgrowth of memetics . By recognizing group psychology and the effect of various memes on populations , they were able -LRB- Asimov creates -RRB- to shorten the intergalactic Dark Ages by millennia.Is such a thing possible ? We are seeing the beginnings of attempts at memetic engineering today . Advertisers are designing memes that are becoming fairly effective at penetrating populations , in hope that they will carry with them a message influencing consumer buying behavior . Have you heard someone say `` I love ya , man ! '' lately ? Anheuser-Busch is delighted if you have.More broadly , I 'm seeing a steady trickle of organizations copying and mutating successful Profit Viruses -LRB- MLMs -RRB- and Power Viruses -LRB- cults -RRB- . It 's an interesting question whether the population as a whole will ever build up an `` immunity '' to this kind of thing , or whether the evolutionary-psychology buttons of lust , power , fear , and so on are too powerful to overcome.Who knows ? There may have been a small group of Illuminati steering us for millennia past without us even knowing ... -- Richard Brodie , Author , `` Virus of the Mind
 The instant I read this wonderful series , my life changedin some very significant ways . I have two degrees inmathematics , and am working on a Ph.D. in mathematics as a DIRECT RESULT of these books . Asimov explores the whole notion that human behavior is predictable on a very large scale , but completely unpredictable on an individual scale . The marriage between the clockwork Universe and the humanistic feeling that we have free-will is masterfully completed in this award-winning work . The Foundation series is classified as Sci-fi , but it is in a league of its own !
 Simply the best science fiction series ever . No one macthesAsimov in the combination of thought provoking futurism andsheer out and out entertainment . This book will get youstarted on the rest of the series -LRB- which you willimmediately want to read -RRB- and hopefully on a long career ofreading all of Asimov 's fiction . The Good Doctor 's greatestcontribution to the genre is the notion that brains willalways win out over brawn . His plot twists never turn onmajor battles or laser fights , but always with the triumphof reason . It 's all here in abundance .
 Though `` Foundation '' was later tied to many other novels and stories that Isaac Asimov wrote , many of us considered this story to be the first of the Foundation Trilogy . We meet Hari Seldon and learn of the beginning of psychohistory . Hari has predicted , using psychohistory , that the 12,000 year old galactic empire is facing eminent collapse . Hari determined through this calculations that the collapse of the empire will lead to 30,000 years of chaos before a second empire forms . Hari also determined that by taking certain actions that the 30,000 years of chaos could be shortened to 1,000 years.Considering that this novel is only 256 pages long it covers a lot of ground . The novel begins on the ultra-urbanized planet Trantor and then heads to the edge of the galaxy . We watch the empire collapse and then the struggles of the Foundation as they attempt to re-start civilization . We also watch as the Foundation changes from a religious organization to a scientific one.This novel is the best of the first three Foundation books . Part of the reason may be that these stories were originally short stories . Also , Asimov was not trying to form a single cohesive story lasting 1,000 years ; at this time he was just trying to launch an idea . I sometimes think it is easier to launch an epic adventure than it is to evolve the epic over hundreds or thousands of pages . Certainly Asimov 's launch in this book was grand and is one of the best classic science fiction novels.The next two books in this series are `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation . `` Enjoy !
 My 14 year old loves science fiction and fantasy and I 've introduced him and reintroduced myself to some of the Classic Works of the Genre that Predate Star Wars and Serenity.Its been at least 20 years since I first read the trilogy . I had completely forgotten that the books are several self contained novella 's that show the evolution of Hari Seldon 's plan to keep the dark ages from the fall of the First Empire to the creation of a second empire confined to a period of a single millenia.He foresees a set of crisises that can only be managed with one solution every 75 years or so to increase the power of the foundation . Some are solved by trickery , some are resolved by Religion , and some by economics.I did n't notice until this reading that each `` crisis '' that emerges is resolved by someone thinking ` outside the box ' of the people who resolved the previous crisis and are now controlling the reins of the Foundation.Classic scifi from the Golden Age before Star Wars . If you 're tired of the force return to a simpler era .
 This is the second of the three novels in the original `` Foundation Trilogy '' , which was published in 1952 by Gnome Press . An edited version of it was published by Ace Books in the 1950s under the title `` The Man Who Upset The Universe '' . It consists of two sections which are taken from shorter fiction that was published in `` Astounding Science Fiction '' in the 1940s . While better than the first novel in the series , there are still some weaknesses as a result of age . Asimov himself wrote in 1982 that the knowledge of astronomy at that time was `` primitive '' and that he could now take advantage of electronic computers in his stories , which had n't been invented until he was halfway through the series in the 40s . The two sections of `` Foundation And Empire '' are : `` The General '' - In this story , the Foundation is attacked by what is left of the Empire . The Empire , though much weaker than it once was , is still stronger than the Foundation . This was first published as the novelette `` Dead Hand '' in the April 1945 edition of `` Astounding Science Fiction '' . `` The Mule '' - Perhaps the best of the Foundation stories ; in this one the Seldon plan is destroyed by its inability to predict a singular event . The Foundation is threatened by a person known only as The Mule . He is mysteriously able to defeat more powerful forces , with inferior forces . This was first published as the novella `` The Mule '' in `` Astounding Science Fiction '' in November and December of 1945 . The trilogy has been recognized by readers and critics alike over the years . In 1952 , it was rated as the 15th best book overall by the Astounding/Analog All-Time Poll . It moved up to 12th on the same poll in 1956 , and then to 1st in 1966 . In 1975 it was ranked 6th on the Locus poll for All-Time Novels . In 1987 it was 6th on the same poll for SF Novels . In 1998 it was ranked 4th on the same poll for novels before 1990 . It also received the 1966 Hugo for All-Time Series , beating out Tolkien 's `` The Lord Of The Rings '' , Smith 's `` Lensman '' , Heinlein 's `` Future History '' , and Burroughs ' `` Barsoom '' series for the award .
 The set arrived on time and enjoyed listening to the tapes , the tapes arrived in good condition and great sound .
 Great book by Isaac Asimov . What a wonderful sci fi book . I 'd recommend this series for anyone that likes fiction
 I really liked this book , especially the fact -LSB- SLIGHT SPIOLER -RSB- That you get to see different people 's perspectives at different periods of time . -LSB- END OF SPIOLER -RSB- I would reccomend this to anyone who likes books by Isaac Asimov or a story that takes place over a long time . ****
 &#34; Foundation and Empire &#34; by Isaac Asimov is a remarkable expedition into the unknown that is spellbinding , imaginative , and original . Indited by master storyteller Asimov , it will startle , astound , and capture your imagination . A must read by one of my favorite authors who is revered the world over ...
 This book is a classic , and it has -LRB- so far -RRB- stood the test of time . It is fairly fast paced and , instead of tracking the same characters through the whole book , tells the story from different time periods and the eyes of different characters , which was an interesting change of pace for me .
 This series has several elements which make it some of the best science fiction I have ever read . It largely focuses around multiple intricately intertwined geopolitical economies , and gives intriguing insight into the possible -LRB- though distant -RRB- future of humanity at large . A must read series for any sci-fi fan .
 I Read this book 30 years ago . Wanted to refresh my memory . Am glad I did ! Now on to Foundation and Empire .
 I loved reading the Foundation novels a long time ago and was glad I found them on Kindle . Ca n't go wrong with Asimov .
 I loved reading the Foundation novels a long time ago and was glad I found them on Kindle . Ca n't go wrong with Asimov .
 Not earth shaking or intensely mind bending but even after 30 years I enjoyed rereading the series . Asimov 's storytelling is great !
 This is the book that started my love affair with science fiction.Stationed in Viet Nam in 1968 , I started on a quest to read 100 books during my tour . A school teacher from Boston recommeded I read The Foundation Trilogy , claimnig it was the greatest books fo that genre . He might have been pulling my leg but every year fopr five years I reread these and enjoyed them every time . This year I listened to them on books-on-tape and marveled at the ahead of his time thinking , the plot lines and significantly , the characterization . Unheard of in science fiction at that time . Most of what I had read in the fifties was plot driven or technology focussed.Asimov continues to be my favorite science fiction writer and one if my favorites in all genres.I really like the way he weaves the robots , the foundation and the empire themes together in his later novels
 This book is the perfect kickoff to the greatest and most amazing Science-Fiction series ever . Asimov and his Foundation are the foundation of all modern science fiction . This book especially is a fascinating story full of characters so real you could expect to bump into them on the street , to speak nothing of the Doctor 's amazing - and totally beleivable - futuristic technology.If you want to get a transcendental , literary experience or you just want to read a damn fine story , the Foundation series - and especially this book - are what you 're looking for .
 Foundation is certainly a marvellous book . Asimov combines action , mystery , drama , and the almost Utopian futuristic world in his book . However , things are n't always what they seem , and Asimov weaves the plots and subplots together very nicely
 Even though the original stories and ideas were written in the 50 's , these books read as if they were written yesterday . All other sf was , and is , trying to measure up to this classic . -LRB- Apologies to the grave of Dr. Asimov for misspelling the first name of his character .
 I think that one should read the foundation trilogy at leasttwice
 Just when you thought Asimov had done enough in Foundationby creating a believable world of the future where themovements of large amounts of people could be predictedstatistically , he throws in The Mule . He therefore uprootseverything he had labored to convince you of in the firstbook and now you ca n't wait for the crisis to be averted.He also masterfully pushes you on to the next novel in theseries . What fun these books are !
 Foundation is the story of one man 's attempt to positively influence human history beyond the grave for centuries to come . Set far in the future , Hari Seldon 's goal is to shorten an impending period of Dark Ages from tens of thousands of years to one thousand years . To do so , he creates an organizational entity , the Foundation , and maneuvers to create circumstances so that the Foundation will recreate the Galactic Empire amid a blossoming of science and technology.This book is the first in a series that will keep you happily reading for days . In Foundation , the stage is set for the problem , and you will begin to understand the plan that Seldon has employed by examining the first 150 years after the Foundation is established.The book is built around four crises -LRB- Seldon Crises -RRB- that shape the potential of the First Foundation to fulfill its goal . In the first crisis , the Foundation is viewed as being a traitorous activity by the political authorities . Seldon explains that his purpose is to create an encyclopedia to encompass all current knowledge before it is lost . The crisis is survived when he agrees to take the project into exile on a planet with few natural resources at the far edge of the galaxy.Fifty years later , that fledgling is threatened by its powerful neighbors who have greater resources and military power . The Emperor can no longer protect the Foundation . Thirty years after that , another attempt to militarily capture the Foundation occurs . Another seventy years later , a fourth crisis occurs when remnants of the Empire start funneling advanced weapons to planets at the edge of galaxy that oppose the Foundation.Each crisis is overcome with a different approach , by a different leader . And the Foundation continues to develop towards its eventual form.These crises are much like a good mystery story . You know there 's been a crime that needs to be solved , but you have n't quite figured out how yet . Because there are four crises , you get to enjoy that problem-solving experience four times in one book ! Pretty neat!The Foundation 's advantage in all of these crises is that it has advanced knowledge and has applied it , while the rest of the Empire is losing knowledge . Pretty soon , things are falling apart technically for those outside the Foundation . The key technology is built around atomic power -LRB- as it appeared it would developed in the 1950s -RRB- . Reviewing Foundation is a challenging task . This book has become a science fiction classic , yet many will see little value in it because the science fiction perspectives and forecasts about science are dated . The book has to be read in the context of the books that follow to be fully understood and appreciated , but how does that help the person who has just finished Foundation ? Isaac Asimov used a most unusual style in the book , as though you are a historian uncovering bits of primary and secondary sources concerning a long ago period in time -LRB- that occurs in our future -RRB- . That either makes the book more authentic -LRB- if you like that -RRB- or annoying -LRB- if you do n't -RRB- . At bottom , these contrasts require the reviewer to attempt to capture for the potential reader what makes this book an enduring classic.First , Foundation squarely asks a fundamental question
 In his Foundation Trilogy -LRB- later to be extended in additional books -RRB- , the prolific science fiction/fact writer Isaac Asimov told a story of a small group of people who secretly steered the course of history using technology that we would now recognize as an outgrowth of memetics . By recognizing group psychology and the effect of various memes on populations , they were able -LRB- Asimov creates -RRB- to shorten the intergalactic Dark Ages by millennia . Is such a thing possible ? We are seeing the beginnings of attempts at memetic engineering today . Advertisers are designing memes that are becoming fairly effective at penetrating populations , in hope that they will carry with them a message influencing consumer buying behavior . Have you heard someone say `` I love ya , man ! '' lately ? Anheuser-Busch is delighted if you have . More broadly , I 'm seeing a steady trickle of organizations copying and mutating successful Profit Viruses -LRB- MLMs -RRB- and Power Viruses -LRB- cults -RRB- . It 's an interesting question whether the population as a whole will ever build up an `` immunity '' to this kind of thing , or whether the evolutionary-psychology buttons of lust , power , fear , and so on are too powerful to overcome . Who knows ? There may have been a small group of Illuminati steering us for millennia past without us even knowing ... -- Richard Brodie , author , Virus of the Mind
 Having just finished Greg Bear 's brilliant `` Foundation & Chaos '' , I 've decided I can no longer wait to begin re-reading the original again . I wish I could take the next few months to start off with the Robot series , move on to the Galactic Empire series , and then finsh with the entire collection of the Foundation books -LRB- because it 's all one big wunnerful story , doncha ' know ! -RRB- . Well , not this year , perhaps , but in a few I may do just that . In the meantime , I will re-read `` Foundation '' with yet another new perspective of Hari Seldon and all that came before this original masterpiece ... it truly never gets old .
 This is a great book , but it 's not one that would translate to film . It converted me from Star Trek books to real sf . -LRB- Although Star Trek started me out so I 'm not too harsh on it . -RRB- As a lover of history it drew me in . One of the major advantages of science fiction is it 's ability to deal with grand scope of history & it does it . Interestingly I like the later books too . In conclusion A movie version ?????? I sure hope not they 'd ruin it . However his End of Eternity , which is one of my favorites , might be cinematic if they did it right .
 The Foundation trilogy is the best work of science fiction I have ever read . Put it at the top of your list.Note that the books following the 3rd were written later , and do not share the same stature as the first three , although they are enjoyable reading .
 Everybody like to know your fast and future . Everybody see it as want .
 An excellent start to the trilogy . You may find the science of psychohistory a bit hard to believe , perhaps more so because history always celebrates the individual heros . But all leaders make use of mass belief to reach their goals . Asimov combines his observations of society with his scientific knowledge to create a masterpiece . A must read for sci-fi enthusiasts like me .
 In 40 years I have read the Foundation trilogogy multiple times . Each time is just as intense as the first , if not more . This series was a classic then and still is now . `` Hari Seldon crises '' and `` psychohistory '' have been a part of my vocabulary for 40 years . Not bad for fiction .
 This book is really great . It consists of two stories . Bothe stories invovle Hari Seldon 's theory and promise that the Foundation will last forever against threatning enemies . The first stroy is about an Emperial general who threatens the Foundation , but obviously lose , since Hari Seldon 's plan can not be changed . The ending gives the reader a broad prespective on Hari Seldon 's plan and theory . I would rate the first stroy as very good . The second story is even better . This time the Foundation is threatened by a mutant , and the Foundationa is loosing . You must read the second story , which is EXCELLENT , juts for the surprising and excellent ending !
 This book was almost perfect . It was actually better than the stellar first book -LRB- Foundation -RRB- , which was also great . I just hope that we will one day get to see a ` Big Budget ' movie series on the Foundation Series . But the stories are so good that they do n't need the hype -LRB- but a movie would be fun -RRB- .
 More like 4.975 Stars . If we had more books like this , who would watch TV . This book should be required reading in College Literature classes . I would love to see a well produced movie -LRB- s -RRB- for the Foundation Series - But nothing could ever be as entertaining as Asimov 's fluid writing .
 In response to the reader from San Fransisco who gave this book a 3 , they should know that the reasons the characters do n't match up is because the first three foundation books were written 30 years before the last three . Furthermore they were written out of order , Foundation was the first , and the other two , Prelude to Foundation and Forward the Foundation were written 35-40 years later . Also , the stories were not `` tacked on '' each of the first three books is actually a collection of connected novellas , which orignally were published seperately in magazines .
 This book is the best scifi , besides Dune . The book is so witty and so indepth . The story is great the writting is great , i strongly recamend this book .
 The original Foundation trilogy won the Hugo for the best series of all time . It deserved it . For those who like `` hard '' -LRB- science-driven -RRB- sci-fi as opposed to emotion-driven sci-fi , this is a must . Actually , the premise is not as outrageous as it first appears ... We can all vaguely predict the general reaction of the human race to a certain idea , which means it does follow some rules . It would be difficult , but not impossible , to find some generalised maths to describe it , but the rewards would certainly justify it .
 This review is intended for the entire Foundation trilogy and as such this series of books even though written in pieces in Science Fiction magazines is woven together in an astonishingly complex web of ideas and mystery . This series stands as the epitome of the science fiction classic , what science fiction should be about and how it should be written . As a classic it is only superseded by `` Dune '' and only a few others come close eg `` Ender 's Game '' -LRB- Orson Scott Card -RRB- series and the `` Galactic Milieu '' series -LRB- Julian May -RRB- . The whole series is epic and yet does not loose sight of the characters or the story which is all important in science fiction , without it the wizz-bang effect takes hold and the whole thing collapses , eg Terminator could not have been held together without the excellent storyline . Other examples of great science fiction stories include `` Blade Runner '' and `` Alien '' both of which had great stories without a reliance on effects which some films have done eg the extra added graphics to the original Star Wars and too much graphics in Episode 1 . These stories also provide a fascinating tale of science yet to come such as psychohistory which totally fascinated me when I read about it and some other physicists I have known . The possibilities are incredible a science of probabilistic mathematics used to predict the future given historical events . In addition we are of course confronted with the politics and the usual human weaknesses including greed , corruption and the like , much akin to the degenerate aspects of the Roman Empire . The new mathematics of psychohistory developed by Hari Seldon working on Trantor and trying to set up the two Foundations to at least control the eventual collapse and fall of humanity into a dark age and the Mule the one person not predicted by the original theory who is the defeated through remarkable twists and turns in the story which is full of intrigue and mystery , simply unputdownable . I have read the books many times and will do so again although psychohistorical mathematics is beyond current attainability I believe , but then maybe not.Other books are judged next to this .
 I 've seen a few bad reviews of Isaac Asimov 's Foundation and it grieves me , really grieves me . When Isaac Asimov first came up with the idea for his Foundation series it was planned that he would write the future history of our galaxy . It could be said that it was an experiment in a method of writing fiction.If Asimov 's characterizations or scenery descriptions seem bland or garish to some readers , that 's because Asimov 's focus was on the story . Despite Foundation 's original ad hoc nature , I have read no other series which has so intricately weaven the elements of the plot so finely together . Alone , the novel Foundation may seem mundane , and it may not be your best bet if you 're seeking instant gratification . But together - together with the other two books in the trilogy , together with the two later written sequels , together with the later two written prequels , together with his other bodies of work which have been woven into an expansive interplay of stories and plot , together with three `` pre `` prequels written posthumously by outside authors , I know no greater complicated work that brings with it such depth and expansiveness.In short , Foundation , serves as a sounding board for a series of future historical accounts . And Asimov never fails to deliver suspense , drama , and surprise throughout them.But that 's just my biased opinion ; -RRB-
 So , you 're thinking about delving into Science Fiction and you just do n't know where to start.Start with Asimov 's _ Foundation _ . Simply put , this is where science fiction starts . You will be introduced to the concept of a vast , complex history of a civilization which is certainly not Planet Earth ... and , get this , it was written several decades before we sent anyone to the moon.And there 's more ... Foundation leads to an entire trilogy which leads to another trilogy which , get this , actually leads you back to Planet Earth.Five stars . Possibly more .
 I would recommend this series to anyone . Asimov is a great writer , who 's very prolific -LRB- He 's written over 400 books ! -RRB- This is the start of his Foundation series which is a well-developed series detailing the fall of a Galactic Empire and one man 's attempt to shorten the dark ages that are to come after the fall . For those of you who like hard sci-fi this is the series for you .
 i loved this book and how the 2 great cultures of new and old me
 The foundation series isthe second best sci-fi series ever -LRB- clarke 's rama series is the first -RRB- This is an awsome book .
 F&E shows in marvelous guise the slowly growing power of Terminus , the inevitable clash with the still powerful remnants of the Galactic Empire , and the downright weird occurrances that follow the conquests of the Mule , a Telepath who can shape other people 's minds to suit his permanantly , and who aspires to dominance . Great stuff .
 Political space tales are n't really my thing , but I must say that , politics aside , I was astonished that Asimov was so young when he wrote this . Few writers can write such good prose before middle-age . The story itself is rather mundane for a true sci-fi enthusiast . You 'll not find any great discoveries by astronaut explorers or the like , but what it does do , it does well . His treatment of religion is silly though , and like most atheist writers , it 's not very well thought out . I 've not read anything else by him , but one hopes his later novels were better developed in that area . The mystical hints that run through nearly all of Arthur C Clarke 's stories are the most intriguing thing about them . Asimov would have done well to have studied them .
 The time frame in which the book takes place can best be described as `` A Long time ahead , in a galaxy far far away '' . Yes , that is a cheesy Star Wars cliche . However , readers expecting anything star warsey about this should expect to be sorely disappointed . This book focuses primarily on politics . There is not one ounce of violence in the book , which is a good thing , it is a nice break from almost everyother contemporary scifi novel , which all seem to impress people with their space ships 'n' aliens . The book is very good , but sometimes does get a little boring . I suppose this may be my fault , as I do have a short attention span . Anyhow , this book does a few twists in it , as everything may not be what it seems with Hari Seldons dream!So if you 've been on the fringe of being a sci fi fan , but detest the embarassment of carrying around a book with giant robots on it , this book is for you .
 This book is my all-time favourite book . It is so amazing , especially the science Asimov created . And it made sense too ! The story is awesome , and leaves you wanting more . This book -LRB- and the next two -RRB- beat of Lord of the Rings for all-time sci-fi/fantasy trilogy . Hopefully it will be made into a movie one day . Might even beat out LOTR with oscars too . It is a must read for anyone who loves sci-fi .
 I first read these books when I was in high school and althoughI almost never read fiction , and do n't particularly like sciencefiction -LRB- even though I studied geophysics in university andwork as an engineer -RRB- , these books made an immense impressionon me . As I began to study Judaism , I finally discovered thatAsimov , a non-observant , yet knowledgable Jew , was using theformat of science fiction to describe the Jewish concept of theredemption of mankind . A careful reading of the BiblicalProphets shows that the ideal world that history is leadingmankind towards has universal peace between nations and ade-emphasis of technology in favor of the development of man ` sinner , morespiritual side . However , this development of man 's spiritualqualities and move towards universal harmony is accompaniedby upheavels and wars . Jewish tradition also says that theworld is sustained by 36 `` hidden '' righteous people whosegood deeds and spritual superiority are vital from preventingthe destructive forces in the world , both natural andman-made from overcoming everything and leading the worldto chaos.Asimov used the two Foundations as his vehicle for describingthis cosmic process , and an important part of the story isthe necessity of the Second Foundation to remain `` hidden '' toallow the process to work itself out.As far as the story itself is concerned , it is true that it isdated ... for example , Asimov places the capital of the GalacticEmpire on the planet Trantor which `` is at the center of theGalaxy '' . Today , it is believed that the center of the galaxyis full of black holes and lethal amounts of radiation , so itis unlikely there would be life as we know it there . Also , Asimov posits atomic energy as being the ultimate form of powerbut physics has advanced beyond that point to fusion and otherexotic forms of power.On the other hand , Asimov wrote these stories in the wake ofthe Second World War and so he is quite aware of how so manyinstitutions created by men ... including governments and religiousestablishments , even starting with the bestof intentions , seems to run into crises . Thus the GalacticEmpire , which brought centuries of peace and prosperity tomankind , is brought inevitably to a point of degeneration , andhow the -LRB- First -RRB- Foundation itself , founded by idealistic , intelligent people who are at least partly aware of theirimportant role in shaping a better future for mankind , rapidlydegenerates into a repressive dictatorship.As others have pointed out , these stories have almost no `` action '' , which is fine with me -LRB- my favorite movies and TV shows alsohave no action , e.g. Twelve Angry Men -RRB- and in spite of thefact that these stories are 60 years old , I recommend themto anyone who wants a deeper look at mankind 's natureand its destiny .
 The greatest sequel ever ! With a powerful storyline and surprise ending , the book leads right into the Second Foundation
 If you 're only going to read one SF book , this is the one . This was my introduction to SF many years ago and it 's still my all-time favorite . Asimov was the original and is still the master .
 Foundation clearly deserved its awards and recognition for being a classic science fiction novel . The creative and unique story line presents the reader a sensation of the future . In the beginning of the book , Hari Seldon was introduced as a psychohistorian and mathematician who could chart the future of the human race for tens of thousands of years . He predicted a decline of the Galactic Empire , which had lasted for twelve thousand years , into a state of disorder and barbarism for the next thirty thousand years . Hari Seldon then established the Foundation to serve as the purpose of shortening the period of chaos into a single millennium or less.The book was extremely enjoyable and the pages went by fast . However , the only problem I had was that once I got to know the characters , the story went on to a situation a couple decades later with new characters . Though it bothered me , the way the author wrote his novel was necessary to put a whole century 's plot into a book . Despite the many characters in the story , the author created a distinct personality for each . Yet , each of the leaders in the different parts of the book were similar in a way ; they all dealt with conflict extremely calmly and ingeniously . They cleverly manipulated their enemies with their words and were always prepared against threats or opposition . They knew how to win the people 's votes even when they were in a weak position to run for a government position . I could not help but to ponder about what I would have done in each of the situations . I would definitely recommend this book to anyone that likes science fiction or anyone who likes reading about how characters cleverly solve their problems .
 I think this is a great book by itself and worth the time in reading it but if you have time I would recommend reading the whole series . If you do that you might want to start with `` Prelude to Foundation '' but you do n't have to . Pick up this book right away !
 For beginners into this serie of Asimov , know that their are other books before Foundation , and they are all tied-up . ----------------- < Robot serie > : I , Robot / The Caves of Steel / The Naked Sun / The Robots of Dawn / Robots and Empire < Bridging novel > : Tyrann < Foundation series > : Foundation / Foundation and Empire / Second Foundation / Foundation 's Edge / Foundation and Earth ---------------- Some highligths : - I , Robot
 On first reading of this trilogy , starting with Foundation , I was a bit bored by the politics . But all three books were in one volume , so I kept reading . I 'm glad I did ! Every time I 've read them since , I discover something new to love . The ending of this book blew my mind ! If there is such a thing as a literary high , I was on one for a week after reading this eight years ago . No book or movie you can name comes close to this kind of thrill or scope . And just when I thought Asimov could n't take it any further , he does , with a character 's last statement . By now the Foundation has gained dominance over its surrounding enemies . All part of Hari Seldon 's -LRB- the Foundation 's founder -RRB- Plan . And they are strong enough to face the Empire . The first half of the book is a power struggle of the leaders of the Empire , more politics , and a small band of traders , rebels , and scholars , who wait for the coming of the `` magicians '' to someday be their saviors . The second half of the book follows a small group of people belonging to the Democratic Underground who expect major political changes for the next Seldon Crisis . They hear of a man who calls himself the Mule . Generals surrender to him without a fight . His worst enemies become his most faithful subordinates . They seek him out , thinking he can help their cause . No one can explain the success of the Mule . Where did he come from ? Was he planned by Hari Seldon ? Hari Seldon appears , as before , as a hologram , explaining the crisis and the course of action . But he makes no mention of the Mule . Everything has gone awry , and Seldon 's plan is out of whack , and the galaxy might revert to the 30,000 years of barbarism Seldon was trying to avoid . Hari Seldon counted on several things , that there would be no major changes in the galaxy 's technology , such as something that could withstand any bombardment , or strange neurobiological weapons ; and , that human reaction to stimuli would remain constant . If it 's not the first , it must be the second -- the Mule has mental powers . How do they fight him ? By seeking out this Second Foundation . Hari Seldon mentioned it vaguely , but there is no record of its purpose , and no proof of its existence . This same small band from the D.U. , including a psychologist -LRB- as the Foundation considers one -RRB- , set off to the center of what 's left of the Empire , The planet/city Trantor , to search Seldon 's records . The whole time managing to stay out of the way of the Mule 's path of destruction , and ends with the awesome climax I mentioned . Does the Second Foundation even exist ? What is their purpose ? The psychologist , working on overdrive , seems to have found its location . `` It was so simple , '' he said . But he does n't live to reveal his discovery . Did he really find it , or was his mind too distorted to make any sense ? There are more surprises and excitement to come in the trilogy 's third installment , Second Foundation . Some people have the gall to call these books wordy or boring . Keep in mind that Lord of the Rings had its slow parts , too , but the few exciting parts are what you remember and hold it all together . It 's better to take these books as a whole . For that , one is not necessarily better than the other two , they are all essential to the whole story line . Perhaps someday we can look forward to a mutilated Hollywood version , then go back and re-read the books , and hold them dear to our hearts .
 I thought the book was somewhat dull compared to the first `` Foundation '' novel , because there are no brilliant characters such as Salvor Hardin or Hober Mallow and no great accomplishments . The first part of the book about Foundation 's struggle against the Empire is not impressive . The second part about the Mule was moving sort of slow until a brilliant ending . I was absolutely shocked at it and I thought that it was definitely worth reading the entire novel for the ending . In fact the emotion that I experienced must have been something like what people influenced by the Mule felt ! I also realized I had a great affection for the Mule , it is fabulous that a person who is predicted to be a pathetic loser in life makes it beyond all expectations . I know that the Mule is supposed to be a bad guy , so now that I am reading `` Second Foundation '' I hope that its ending would not be overly dramatic for him .
 This story is a very detailed , accurate and plausible one , with enough depth and complexity to remain entertaining even after many re-readings .
 This is one of the best developed and interesting books I 've ever read
 This book is astonishing ! Foundation was great , but this book was even better . I was hooked from the moment I started reading . It immedietly strung together details in the first book which I thought were meaningless . Although the war between Foundation and Empire was good , the best parts of the book was the story of the Mule . This was one kick-a ** story ! The moment when everyone found out that Hari Seldon 's plan had gone wrong in the Vault was one of the series ' finest written moments , and the end , oh do n't even get me started about the end of the book . I wo n't spoil it for you , but it is a great plot twist !
 From Selvor Hardin taking power from the encyclopedists to Hober Mallow conquering Korell by doing absolutely nothing , I found this to be the best sci-fi novel ever . Ender 's Game and Dune do n't hold a candle to it . Each story is a 10 on it 's own . The way the foundation grabs victory from apparent defeat is amazing . Even though Isaac Asimov -LRB- my favorite sci-fi author -RRB- has nuclear power be able to do anything , it does n't take away from the story . It 's the best book of the foundation series for sure . If you read sci-fi , you 've got to read this .
 Asimov continues with his narration of the history of the interregnum between empires in pretty much the same anthology format used in Foundation . Actually , upon further thinking , there 's probably no way really to tell the story of a 1,000 year journey on the part of humanity without doing it in snippets . More and more the series begins to read more like a history book with some dramatic events being highlighted for their importance as turning points . These turning points are called Seldon Crises , foreseen events by Hari Seldon , Psychohistorian , which impel the people of the Foundation forward to galactic dominance . Throughout the first book and a half , Asimov establishes a bit of fatalism - nothing can stop the foundation by historical imperative , and for that reason the people of the Foundation , especially it 's leadership , become apathetic.Asimov throws a wrench into the status quo with the rise of a mutant , a statistical improbability and anomaly that could not possibly be accounted for in the creation of the Seldon Plan and therefore the first truly unknown quantity with the ability to destroy the Foundation . This mutant , called the Mule , has psychic ability and the great revival of technology in the Foundation is powerless to stop him from manipulating people and working his way to dominance . The Mule consolidates his power , takes over the Foundation and destroys the remnants of the former galactic empire and it looks like Seldon 's prophecies could be wrong . That a single individual upset the 1,000 year plan to turn the Foundation into the Second Empire , in only 5 years.Asimov again explores the themes of individuality , stagnation , complacency and religion . Choice and free will are major foci for the novel . If the Seldon Plan is mathematically and psychologically accurate like a prophecy , if certain things are meant to happen , just because human beings will predictably react in the same ways in given situations , do we really have free will ? What is the role of the individual in society in in the historical process ? Asimov treats history like a Marxist , influenced by Hegelian dialectics . Conflicts and crises between opposing forces give birth to a third new status quo until it comes into conflict with an opposing force . These moments of intersection are the Crises predicted by Seldon and the focus of Asimov 's 1,000 year narrative . But the Mule changes that . He challenges the notion of inevitability and proves the fallibility of Seldon 's prophecies . But by doing so he introduces another free will paradox . The Mule has the ability to modify emotions and create complete loyalty in people . He wins victories by converting the opposing sides ' generals and leaders into giving up and then serving him , destroying free will again by creating it out of the tight confines of the Seldon Plan . It 's truly and interesting concept . How will the Mule be stopped ? Enter
 I read this as a youngster . I loved the idea , and the time vault opening at various times was brilliant . It 's a bit slow , however , and there was n't enough fighting for my tastes . I like the vast scale . This is space ships of the grand era , with galaxy-spanning empires . There are n't enough of these kinds of stories written these days .
 By now you should be familiar with psychohistory , and the exploits of Hari Seldon , Salvor Hardin , and Hober Mallow . If that first sentence just left you slightly confused then go pick up Isaac Asimov 's `` Foudation '' before reading `` Foundation and Empire '' . `` Foundation and Empire '' picks up where `` Foundation '' left off , with the First Foundation rapidly expanding throughout the galaxy . In `` The General '' -LRB- the first half of `` Foundation and Empire -RRB- , Foundation space bumps up against what remains of the old Empire , and the Foundation must square off with Bel Riose , the last great Empire general . This story is basically a continuation of the ideas started in `` Foundation '' . `` The General '' is definitely the weaker of the two stories in `` Foundation and Empire '' , however it is a necessary story to show the growing strength and influence of the First Foundation , as well as the decline of the Empire . `` The Mule '' -LRB- the second half of `` Foundation and Empire '' -RRB- tells the story of the Mule , a mysterious galactic superpower who begins conquering planets in Foundation space . The leaders of the Foundation struggle against their new enemy , and try to figure what it is that makes the Mule so efficient and effective . Meanwhile , a small group of characters working for an underground group try to find the all important location of the Second Foundation before the Mule can beat them to it . The ending of `` The Mule '' is absolutely amazing , and the grand reveal at the end can be foreseen by an observant reader , which makes it all the more satisfying.In short , `` Foundation and Empire '' , along with the rest of Asimov 's Foundation Series , is a great science fiction story , beautifully blending advanced mathematical and scientific ideas with good ol' fashioned adventure . Some readers complain that Asimov 's characters are not as deep as they could be , and they do have a point , but Asimov never wrote the Foundation books with the intent of having deep , realistic characters ; it was all about the story and the ideas . If you are looking for strong characters in your science fiction then go read Heinlein , however if you are looking for a drop dead fantatic story propelled by great scientific speculation , then you ca n't go wrong with picking up `` Foundation and Empire '' and the rest of the Foundation Series .
 I have similar reactions to all of IA 's books ... that is simply that they are great fun , an easy and enjoyable read , but not terribly challenging in any respect . I would wholeheartedly recommend any of his various books to friends and family , but I would n't expect them to come away really grappling with social issues or anything afterwards . Do n't get me wrong - he does go after social issues and examines some things in interesting ways that can be somewhat eye-opening if you 're the kind of person who never thinks that way , but it 's just not earth-shattering . This sounds horrible ... but I do n't mean it to . I love this books . I really do . : -RRB-
 This is tied for first place in all books I have read -LRB- other book is Atlas Shrugged -RRB- . The series in all is great but this book tops them all . Imagine a combination of psychology and math used to predict the outcome of population mobs and how a man would apply it to an empire he sees falling apart -LRB- not really a spoiler cause that 's a bit of what they tell you in first 2ish chapters -RRB- . This book is great not just because of the idea but because the characters are relatable , face extremely difficult situations , and yet take what seems to be the only logical way out . I highly suggest you read this book and the whole series .
 The original Foundation trilogy is today revered as one of the best works of science fiction , by a veritable giant of the genre , Isaac Asimov . Begun originally as a series of eight short stories published in Astounding Magazine between 1942 and 1950 , the first four were collected and published for the first time in 1951 under the title of Foundation.The Galactic Empire has ruled the galaxy in splendor , magnificence , and domination for the last twelve thousand years , but now its significant chapter is coming to a close ; only no seems to realize this , except Hari Sheldon . Through the revolutionary science of psychohistory , Sheldon has calculated that in five centuries the empire will come to an end and the galaxy will devolve into a hostile , barbarian world that he has predicted to last thirty thousand years . But Sheldon has a plan to cut this time of the dark ages down to a mere millennium . It will take decades and centuries of planning , with the initial creation of the galactic encyclopedia , where all knowledge and record will be stored and kept for the future . To make this happen , he creates a small civilization on a remote planet that he names Foundation . Only through the years and decades , warlords rise up around the galaxy , looking to take down the Foundation , and it is up to Sheldon 's planning for the encyclopedia and this small civilization to survive.In Foundation , Asimov does n't focus greatly on complex character development -LRB- or female characters of merit , for that matter -RRB- , but takes the sociological made-up science of psychohistory and has fun with exploring just what one can do with a world over a period of decades.Originally written on February 4 , 2011 . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- for over 500 book reviews and over 50 exclusive author interviews .
 Think of it as social science fiction . It begins a thousand-year project that , through the cleaver acions of the protagonists , attempts to save humanity from a prolonged and chaotic interstellar Dark Age that was bound to follow the collapse of the Galactic Empire . Through the use of a mathematical application on history -LRB- as well as psychology and sociology -RRB- called Pschohistory , the founder of that field of study -LRB- Hari Seldon -RRB- developed a plan to truncate the Dark Age period from 10,000 years to 1,000 years.He begins this plan by setting up a colony on a planet at the rim of the galaxy called Terminus called the Foundation . From then on the inhabitants and their descendants of Terminus choose certain actions and follow certain policies that do not always make sense to the reader until or to other characters . Sometimes the Foudation seems to be self-desctructing or that the leaders are being treacherous . But not is all that it seems . Every once in a while , sometimes after 50 years , or 30 years , the Foudation is in a situation that either spells destruction or conquest by a neighboring kingdom . This is referred to as a Seldon Crisis . This is usually a turning point in the Foudation 's path of history that was calcutaed by Seldon and part of his plan to bring about the New Galactic Empire after the fall of the old one . The important part is that Seldon Crises or the events thta bring them about are done through clever acts of political , economic or diplomatic manipulation . -LRB- Even psychological -RRB- What is most important to the plan is that Seldon needed the Foundation to be unaware of the path the people of Terminus must take . Thus , there are few social and psychological scholars to notice the trends and provide warning . THis way the actions taken are contolled for the sake of executing the Seldon plan.I did enjoy the book and will be reading and reportin on the sequels in the future . I thought it was cleaver and insightful on human nature as wellas a good understaning of history without hitting me over the head with it . The collapse of the Galactic Empire , which stretches into the sequels , is a clear reference to the long -LRB- relatively -RRB- fall of fthe Roman Empire . It seems that just like the Romans , the Galactic Empire will not be comquerds in on campaign liike Alexander did to Persia , but instead eveolve into another form of civilation with competeing factions comparable to the Catholic Church , the absolute -LRB- so-called -RRB- ruling kings , the nobles , the equestrians , and the outside threats such as muslim caliphs . The book was originally published in 1951 AD so it did not anticpate specifc technologies and the referce to nuclear power as `` atomics '' is a bit outdated . I would have hoped for nuclear fusion or the equivalent of such an epic transfornmation . Also , a bigger role for women characters other than the harpie wife of a foriegn aggressor in the book would have been nice . Maybe because I was reading Steig Larsson and some Star Wars novels recently I had gotten used to female protagonsts and antagonists . But FOUNDATION was written long ago and the audience for this genre was and may still be male dominated . There are sequels and prequels to for me to explore and for Asimov to redeem himself . JK . -LRB- Observe , I wrote one of those texting acronyms . -RRB- I just hope every character does not have sound like Isaac Asomov . -LRB- as much as love him -RRB- Out of a galaxy , I give it 878,124,550,100 stars . That is fairly good .
 Slow on the pick up as many of the early characters are not developed very well making it difficult to sink into . However , about midway through , things begin to get going and characters are finally given time enough to develop . After that point is really when the book becomes a classic and hard to put down ; even if it has aged . A classic by any accounts even with it 's few bumps .
 I liked this book . I do n't really have anything profound to say , I 'm only writing a review because for some reason Amazon is not giving me the option of rating the book without a review.Asimov seems to have an interesting twist on European history in this book , as the events that occur in it seem to parallel the fall of the Roman Empire , the successor Germanic kingdoms , and the rise of the merchant class in the Renaissance . Understanding the history of Western Civilization probably has given me a fun comparison to Asimov 's fictional Galactic history .
 I 'm not a fan of sci-fiction , but really enjoyed it . I agree with other reviews that environment was n't deeply described and there were n't any sophisticated characters , but this did n't disturbed me , because the storyline was fast-paced and interesting . I could n't put this book down before it was over .
 The scope of this series is astounding . It was n't written for the teenager or preteen like so many pathetic series are these days , but for the thinking person with a bit of imagination.Truly one of the greatest SF series ever written . And as such , never loses it 's appeal even when read decades apart .
 I was very happy to see and read the new edition.The Empire strikes back!A whole new world explodes before your eyes.Now , we understand this genius.Never too late to revisit his masterpieces!What a genius !!!!!!!!!!
 I came into this one never having read anything by Asimov , even though I had heard and saw his influence so heavily on science fiction . I picked up the first one I found and it happened to be this one , so why not give it a go?I was intrigued right from the beginning , drawn into the story easily . Asimov 's style of writing is fluid and engaging , easily allowing the reader to picture and understand everything . In addition the plot came together nicely and , in a simplistic complexity -LRB- oxymoron ? -RRB- , you were able to see the growth of the Foundation from a fledgling world to ... well I wo n't reveal anything , suffice it to say the natural progression that Asimov portrayed fit together very nicely.My only complaints with Asimov , though , was that it did come together to nice and neat , never really engaging the reader to the extent of wondering , thinking , feeling and diving into the story . Instead you are almost lead from A to B to C without any guessing and wondering , without any involvement , with everything almost being a foregone conclusion . Add to this his style of writing is a bit simplistic , in that there is n't anything too complex , which is n't altogether bad because he backs it up with a fluid and believable plot that is more than enough to add credence to the story . In fact we 've seen this in fantasy as well as David Eddings wrote simplistically but backed it up with a story that was enjoyable to read.I will definitely read Asimov again , especially the rest of the series , if only to what Asimov would do , being a pioneer of the genre . I would certainly recommend Asimov to anyone looking to start reading science fiction and/or a light , quick read . A recommend .3.75 stars .
 `` Foundation and Empire '' by Issac AsimovTwo hundred years have passed of the 300 Hari Seldon predicted it would take for the Empire to fall . All things have gone according to the Seldon plan and the Foundation is one of the most powerful states in the galaxy . This might change though because there are 2 more Seldon Crises on the horizon.This is another good addition to Foundation trilogy but as is typically the case not quite as good as the first . Foundation and Empire covers the next period of time for the foundation when the Foundation is finally brought back to the attention of what remains of the Empire . The Empire has heard of the power the Foundation now wields and views them as a threat and two different generations of Empire men seek to remedy that threat ... The Good
 Isaac Asimov 's `` Foundation '' was my favorite book in high school . I read the other 2 books afterwards , `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' right after , and by then Asimov finally finished what he started so long ago by writing new books to the Foundation saga , more Robot novels , and prequels . I am re-reading Foundation right now , only this time on my Kindle . It 's just as good now as it was 20 + years ago . Asimov 's novels remind me of Star Trek because the stories could probably fit in any time or place , including right now . My only issue is that Asimov is deceased for a number of years now . Other writers have tried to take on the challenge of continuing his stories but no one tells a story like Asimov !
 Over the years I have read a great many books from many , many authors and yet the `` Foundation '' series pops back into my head somewhat regularly . I often wonder why it has not been made into a series of movies . After all in my mind it would rival `` Star Wars '' or `` Lord of the Rings '' . Isaac Asimov was a gifted writer and I was fortunate to know his works while he still lived . Unfortunately I never got to meet the man . This series is some of the best stuff he ever wrote . It delves into humananity and how our unique abilities may sometimes stand out . In the case of `` Foundation '' it centers around one empire and it 's unusual ruler that expands their domain beyond any other into the far reaches of space . It looks closely at how a handful of people truly make a difference in the scheme of things and what becomes of that empire . Another great series , the `` Robot '' series was later linked to this series and although I enjoyed the link not everyone may enjoy it . Nonetheless you should read the `` Robot '' series as well if you get the chance . I will be very surprised if after you set the `` Foundation '' series aside , it does n't make you reflect on it the rest of your life . Excellent read from a master of SciFi .
 To me , the Foundation series is the greatest sci-fi series of all time . The earlier books are the best , as the latter books are n't as good . This is favorite of the earlier books.It 's broken into two halves . The first half is pretty good , but it 's really the second half , called The Mule , that 's incredible . It 's fantastic.It 's style is n't like modern sci-fi , which is usually dark and action-packed . If that 's what you 're looking for , you wo n't enjoy this series . This series is much more about imagining a universe with a certain set of rules and how those rules might play out over time . To enjoy it , you have to think and imagine along with Asimov . If that `` golden age '' style sci-fi suites your taste , you will love this book.Obviously you ca n't read this book in isolation . You really need to read the Foundation before it and Second Foundation after it . The three togother make the best triology I 've ever read . After those three , you can continue , but the quality of the books trails off from there.If you 're a `` golden age '' sci-fi fan and somehow have n't already read the Foundation series , get the first three Foundation books . You 'll really enjoy them , especially The Mule .
 You can not help but be amazed while reading this book . A story than can hold 60 years and still feel like a believable future is simply astounding.This is the base and start point for many later science fiction stories , including Star Wars.Asimov was simply a genius . If you like science fiction or any book that is based on solid ideas , this one is an absolute must read.I waited like two minutes after I finished reading to get on-line and buy books two and three .
 If for whatever reason you were disappointed in Foundation , do n't miss this book , it 's so much better , more interesting , adventurous , and enteraining that you would really be missing out . This edition has battles , intrigue , humor , heroines , and just a real fun adventure .
 While the book does offer a promising premise , the necessary jumps from one point in time to another do not make for a pleasant read . The very first time I attempted to read the book , I was unable to get much further than the first part -LRB- The Psycho - Historians -RRB- . As soon as you begin to get used the characters , a shift takes place . Unfortunately , this happens again and again . When you read Foundation , it becomes neccesary to think of each of the five parts as a short story.While the story was displayed in the best way I could imagine , the classic simply did not live up to my expectations . The emphasis is on the plot , and very little is put into the characters . While the book has it 's flaws , I find it simply amazing when the date it was published is taken into consideration . Put simply , it 's like the majority of ` classics ' out there ; while they were astounding in their own time , they simply ca n't stand up to the best of modern modern literature out there .
 I first read this book when I was young , perhaps in my early 20 's . I remember it as astounding , but recall little of it 's content . In my early 30 's , I went through and reread the entire trilogy straight through , which by then was a total of seven books . I believe Isaac is a true genius beyond most any man of our age . His insight into politics , religion , society , hope , hatred , love , friendship is beyond most anything I have known . And how he was able to incorporate these things into a series of books about the future of humanity nearly overwhelms me when I consider it . Most of what happens in the world , especially in the world of technology , has been shown in his books . It seems as if he must have has a direct link to the future .
 Fifteen years ago , this book was the zenith of SF to me . Today , I know there are many better books . But you should read it anyway , it 's a classic . You ca n't be taken seriously in any SF discussion if you are n't familiar with the great Foundation.Isaac Asimov is , of course , a very skilled writer . Most SF writers allow themselves embarrassing blunders that make their universes physically absurd . In this book , you 're not likely to find anything like that . To really appreciate Mr. Asimov 's genius , you should read other SF novels written in the same time . Nearly all of them look ridiculous in the year 2000 . Mr. Asimov 's books do n't . If you would n't know , you could n't tell that the book was written half a century ago .
 After the Seldon Plan was followed , without its followers actually understanding what was going on , the Empire , although falling , is still the mightiest force in the Galaxy and the only challenge to the Foundation . For them to overcome , the Seldon Plan must be taken into account ...
 Foundation . This is , by far , the greatest book I have ever read on science fiction . A masterpiece ... Isaac Asimov is the master writer . As for the book 's plot itself , Hari Seldon 's psychohistory plan , which can predict the future of humanity , is being used as the Galactic Empire falls . The Seldon Plan , if followed , predicts that the 30,000 years of barbarism with no Empire can be reduced to 1,000 , but the Plan takes utmost wisdom to keep on track , long after Seldon is dead .
 Despite all the hype and negativity due to popularity backlash none can honestly admit that Asimov made a mundane focus for his writing passions when he wrote and then published the stories that comprise ` Foundation ' . Since I read this epic book in eighth grade it has stuck with me due to the relation of structural decay and rebirth in a future universe that mirrors our own rather perochial existance . The serendipity and foresight combining thought and action to build a better future for mankind in the Milky Way galaxy will leave the experienced , educated readers feeling they have witnessed the true future of our reality . This is a truely brilliant effort of science fiction as are many of Asimov 's early works . Shame on the nay sayers .
 A trilogy consists of three books so , even although `` Foundation '' -LRB- one of the true classics -RRB- is good enough to be a trilogy by itself , formally `` Foundation '' needed two more volumes to make up a trilogy . In these two volumes the level does not fall off too badly , although `` the Mule '' is rather weak.Unfortunately Asimov , one of the truly greats of SF , later succumbed to undue pressure and combined his Robot-series -LRB- already in itself continued too long -RRB- with the Foundation , with outright embarrassing results . The original three books were quite enough , thank you !
 So adictive that you finish it in 3 days , maximum . But the better is ... You keep reading the 2nd and third books of the original foundation trilogy . All of them amazingly perfect . The first book tell about the stablishment of the Foundation and it 's romantic era , with the first Great mayors Salvor Hardin and Hobber mallow . a must have .
 This book gives sequence to FOUNDATION , thefirst book of the trilogy . Tells about the dying and doomed old Empire , still strong at the center of the galaxy starting to pay attention to the growth of Terminus -LRB- the Foundation -RRB- , and here we see the battle bettwen both , the Empire being led by its last strong General -LRB- Bel Riose -RRB- under the Last strong Emperor . Riose 's part is one of the Climax of the Trilogy . It also brings a mind controler and power seeker caracter called `` The Mule '' , which is also very interesting .
 Asimov is truly a master of science fiction -LRB- among other subjects -RRB- , and the Foundation series is one of the most incredible stories ever told . Never mind that this book was written many decades ago - It is absolutely timeless and you will not regret reading it .
 I feel that this is Asimov 's best book . He is not known to let you get too close to any of his characters to feel for them in any sense of the way , EXCEPT the Mule . Out of all the Asimov books , I feel that this one is closest to being ready to become a movie -LRB- I am not sure why I , Robot and Bicentennial Man were before this one -RRB- . If you have not read this one , you are in for a treat . If you have read this one , then you know it should be added to your collection .
 Foundation is the first book of the outstanding Foundation Trilogy . Asimov builds drama with believable characters struggling against bureaucracies and political manipulations on a grand scale . As a central government weakens , planets often show less respect for the core authorities and go there own way , sometimes forming their own alliances . Hari Seldon , master of Psychohistory , uses Psychohistory to make predictions far into the future . Hari Seldon does more than predict outcomes -- he has a plan . Seldon does not expect to alter the eventual course of huge historical events , but constructs a strategy to minimize the length of time of the darkest days for the Galactic Empire.The emphasis of the book , and what makes the book a true science fiction classic , is the imagination that takes the reader through mind whirring possibilities for the future .
 The great thing about Foundation is it 's scope . It 's a bit unsettling at times that you do n't really get to know a character considerably well as the parts of the book break down over the span of several generations , but reading everything unfold and the implications that the events have in the long term is really fascinating.Asimov 's writing is a mixed bag . It 's imaginative and has a great vision . But at times the people seem too ... squeaky-clean to be people . Every character seems unrealistically eloquent and proper and the dialogue does n't fall too far from what I 'd imagine Asmiov may say himself . There are few differences between the characters in regards to linguistic tendancies . Also , and I know the book was first published in the early 50 's , but there are hardly any women even mentioned in Foundation and they certainly do n't play significant or visible roles.It 's still quite imaginative and quite good , in spite of these flaws . I understand Asimov was my age -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he began writing Foundation , so taking that in consideration it seems like an even more awesome literary feat .
 `` Foundation and Empire , '' the second in a trilogy of classic science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov , is a must read for historians of science fiction . For those who like science fiction itself , this volume is also valuable . Asimov can madden , especially in his early novels , but his imagination is wonderful . His strength is conceptualizing systems -LRB- whether empires or cultures -RRB- and he often plays with big ideas.I first read the trilogy while in college , and was fascinated . This triggered a long-lasting interest in the fiction of Isaac Asimov -LRB- and some of his non-fiction works , as well -RRB- . Those familiar with this trilogy know that the key character is psychohistorian Hari Seldon , who believes that one can predict the behavior of large masses of people via mathematical equations and , thus , predict how events will develop in the future.This book is a bridge between the novel `` Foundation '' and the third in the series , `` Second Foundation . '' And , of course , later in his career , Asimov returned to the Foundation well -- with more interesting and literary results . Indeed , in one of the great tour de forces in science fiction , he ends up linking two classic series -- the robot works and the Foundation series . But I 'm getting way ahead of myself.This novel focuses on two instances -- one , the rise of a youthful and talented military leader who goes after the Foundation . And , just as Hari Seldon 's mathematical equations predicted , he failed . The logic for this is classic Asimov , and is why he was so entertaining to read , even though his characters have little life in these works and even though his writing style is , at best , functional in these works -LRB- he improved with time -RRB- . Then , there is the case of the Mule , where Seldon 's equations failed in prediction . And that itself is fascinating , as explained in this novel . Thus , the comparison of the correct prediction and the failed prediction add some real heft to Asimov 's tale of the rise of the Foundation as the Empire slowly descends to its end.For those who have never read Asimov , the Foundation trilogy is a good place to get a sense of his talents , of seeing big pictures . His writing style is not great , but the images of this future that he developed are compelling . I still enjoy going back to the Foundation series , the Robot series , and their fusion as Asimov 's vision evolved .
 Any fan of science fiction needs to read this series . For lack of a better work , this is one of the foundations of the genre . Asimov is one of -LRB- if not the -RRB- best authors of SF and this is one of his best works . A classic .
 Definitely a must-read . The story gets better and better with each book . the ending is surprising : - -RRB-
 The start of Asimov 's highly influential groundbreaking future history series . The invention of the science of psychohistory captivated me the first time I read it . Basically , all those with an interest in SF should check this out.Asimov 's intro gives some history of the evolution of this series with his editor , Campbell , as well as some entertaining silliness by the publisher Doubleday . He tells how they would n't publish him at one time , and later on they are at his door , cap in hand asking for a new book.Foundation
 The second book in the foundation trilogy is again a story combination , but this two two novella length works.Foundation and Empire
 This is a classic series of galaxy rebuilding . These books combine stories that jump hundreds of years to become a history of the Foundation . This is a new and different way to look at science fiction writing that has created many copycats . As the series comes to a close the location of the actual Foundation is moved from planet to planet so many times that the reader is ready for the unexpected twist . Science fiction writing is all about the concept and the Foundation series has a concept that can produce books for years to come .
 Foundation is the complete book of adventure . Brilliantly written by Asimov -LRB- as usual -RRB- . This book is a must-read for all readers !
 A true classic that never grows old . Asimov 's highly original plot and concise prose makes The Foundation a facinating experience for young and old . While the rest of the trilogy intensify and make for exciting reading , I feel the first book makes the best impact .
 This book is definetly a CLASSIC of all times -LRB- not only in SF -RRB- . A must read for all SF lovers.I have read the book some 20-25 times so far and its simply mind-blowing . The whole concept is well thought of and pararells can be drawn to imperialism -LRB- religion and trade -RRB- . You are made to realise the futility of trying to avoid destiny and realise that its the best to do the obvious in any situation.Definetly the best of all times .
 I feel sorry for anyone who read this book and felt it wasnt good . They obviously missed the boat big time . This book is not for those who have a short attention span , who need action & blood & guts violence or for people who can not read between the lines . This book is a powerful commentary on the state of OUR world , that , as a society , we will not stay stagnent forever . It is also a very powerful commentary on the absurdity of religion . Read it if you would like to be educated and you like to think .
 I started reading this series with the original `` Foundation '' and was very disappointed with it . After all the acclaim it received , I was expecting something truly exceptional . Instead , I got a historical narrative that is closer in style to something you would read in the Brittanica for a school assignment . It is really a kind of `` mutant '' between a novel and a documentary . What 's more , it is exceptionally boring . What kept me going was the Asimov name on the cover and the hope of better things to come . This is not to say that it is a really bad book . I must confess that it has some interesting parts and of course , the series as a whole is an absolute classic . Every other novel in the Foundation series is so brilliant , that they cover for this disappointment . It must also be remembered that Asimov wrote this book in the early 50 's when he was still a young and inexperienced writer
 This is an awesome book , but if you 're looking for battles and Star Wars style action , the sequels to this story have more . This novel spans the first 100 or so years of events that take place after the fall of a Galactic Empire . It 's a very thin book and a quick read . Some terms such as `` Gallopin ' Galaxies '' appear in the book , but be mindful of the times in which this book was written ... and the intended audience.What is entertaining and interesting is how the characters solve Hari Seldon 's predicted problems throughout the book . How cool would it be to have an entire planet of scientists -LRB- make that two -RRB- ... a tiny portion of the galaxy that is pretty much responsible for running it . As a fantasy , it 's as fun to dream of scientists in charge as it is to imagine winning the lottery . You might even glean tactics for handling dopey managers , or solving problems without going into combat . Asimov 's wit and intrigue throughout make for an entertaining and thought-provoking read .
 This story is epic . Asimov shines in The Foundation . Makes you want to read the whole series . -LRB- something Im in the process of doing now . ; -RRB-
 The writing is hard and cynical . Characters are intelligent and clear . There is scant attention paid to emotional content or the softer virtues . The writing is clear and precise . The premise of the story is simple
 Iaasic Asimov is one of the best known Science-Fiction Writers , and for good reason . He wrote this award-winning book at the age of 21 . Foundation is one of the best books I have read to this date.Science Fiction is a broad area and can only be defined by these two words , hence the name . Asimov utilizes very realistic facts in a novel placed 15,000 + years in the future . In the year 1951 when the novel was written was just 5 years after the first computer showed its face . Yet Asimov utizlizes the common computer and calculator in many scenes in this novel.The use of nuclear power for showing superiority is also used often . This book was way ahead of its time.Anyone who enjoys science fiction or even one who just enjoys being entertained by realistic facts put into a story will enjoy this book . Foundation is also very suspenseful . Such as life-changing decisions to be made , assination attempts , spaceflight , and the exploration of new worlds in detail , the reader feels like he is in the mix of the action .
 I was trying to find it a long time ago and in amazon it was so cheap.Good quality , fast shipping
 A good solid beginning to a stunning series .
 Well , here goes . You mention that Foundation is dated . Of course it is , it 's 60 years old ! You 'd be surprised at how badly dated some of the stuff being written today is in 60 years . You say a galactic empire ca n't be made with ` atomics ' ; you call it good old nuclear fission . Well , not all nuclear power is fission ; there is also fusion , which was not a bad idea for space travel in 1941 . Strike one . You also mention that Asimov writes in the old 60 's detective style of writing . So this dated book is writing in a style popular 20 years in the future . Strike two . You ask if anyone edited the corny dialog ; you call it tripe . Of course it was edited ; it was made into the editors idea of what would sell in 1941 ! Remember science fiction was n't taken seriously then ; it was supposed to be rather childish . One need only read later Asimov work -LRB- something you admittedly have n't done -RRB- to see that he wrote for the market at the time . Books such as ` The Gods Themselves ' even have -LRB- gasp -RRB- sex in them , something that would never have gotten past any editor at the time of Foundation . And guess what ? It was written in 1972 , a time when society as a whole was more tolerant and ready to accept such topics . ` The Gods Themselves ' would have been banned as obscene in 1941 . Strike three . To answer your query - Why in the name of antimatter would a galactic civilization be organized along the lines of a fuedal system as were the Middle Ages ? - why not ? Just because it is n't very popular nowadays on Earth does n't mean it ca n't work elsewhere . Besides , the story is a retelling of the decline of Rome - should n't there be obvious parallels ? Strike four . You mention that the plot does n't go anywhere . How would you know ? You 've only read one book . Asimov does a brilliant job of reconciling the original trilogy with the robot novels - especially considering he began the fourth novel 40 years after the original trilogy was written . At a minimum , to really understand the story you would have to read at least the next two books . Strike five . You say the book is pointless . Well , ask yourself this . If that were true , would it have near-unanimous rave reviews ? Are you one of a select few that have been able to see the book for what it truly is - a piece of junk ? No , the reality is that the state of science fiction in 2001 is that it is generally read by intelligent people - thoughtful , well-read and informed . The wool has n't been pulled over their eyes , it has been pulled over yours . Strike six . And you misspelled premises and neutrino - Strike seven . You lose .
 Start here then go to The Gods ThemselvesThen bring on Heinlein and all the others .
 Interplanetary conflict and scientific religion dominate this wonderful SF world created by a diverse knowledge of writing and our history to mesh Isaac Asimov 's knowledge into a symbolic tale . `` Psycho historian , '' Hari Seldon predicts that the city of Terminus will be destroyed , as well as the entire Galactic Empire . This Armageddon is foreseen into 3,000 years of barbaric emptiness . Dr. Seldon comes up with an idea that a group of psycho historians will need to work together with Seldon so that they can compose an Encyclopedia of the Galaxy 's history to prevent about 2,000 years of political unrest . A Foundation is created . This Foundation represents the community of these historians to produce enough updated volumes of this Encyclopedia every 50 years so that the rivalry that will occur between the time Seldon dies and this Galaxy destruction occurs , it 's ready to be of service to those struggling in the future . I found that the most interesting piece of this whole story is that as the struggles get stronger between the Foundation 's cycle leaders and the surrounding planet 's `` prefects , '' the leaders of the Foundation start to create this religion amongst the science involved with the Encyclopedia . These religious `` high priests '' become the power and influence amongst these interplanetary societies . It 's so great to see how the higher power called the Galactic Spirit is slowly becoming a widespread belief amongst the psychohistorians and their counter parts.I keep thinking about the impact of these thoughts and ideas on our own society and how similar some of these reactions would be . I see a lot of conflict between our country , the United States , and Middle Eastern countries where we are planting ourselves on other 's territory so that we can suck from their few and far between plentiful resources that are of high value to us , so we make these deals that are appealing to 2nd and 3rd class countries and once that is started we ultimatley have all of this say over what that country is up to . I feel like Foundation shows how this peaceful and well - intentioned planet is working to create righteous things and there are these outside planets wanting control over how they are going about this and need some sort of power over a smaller community in a self-serving way . The character development is my favorite part of the book because of the different personalities that Asimov creates to work out the story line of the book . The different leaders are these very he-men type characters that are young and self-righteous , working towards the destruction or protection of their homeland.Clashing righteoussness is all over this book and I think that it definaltey symbolizes some of the conflict that exists in our own country today . I did not however feel like Asmiov gave women any role at all . I ca n't think of one woman that played ANY major role in this book , and when there was a mention of a woman she was nothing but a secretary or a mediator of some sort . I felt like there were just too many hormones flying around this book and I kind of wonder what this says about Isaac Asimov and his life . A great writer but maybe needs a love life ? All around this was a great book and I recommend to all of you die hard SF fans !!! If you 're a hardcore gal that is in to SF I would pass on this book .
 The first book in the series is NOT Foundation . It 's Prelude to Foundation . It 's not available on Kindle . That 's why they 're lying to you , so you 'll buy the one they DO sell.How 's this for an idea , AMAZON
 I enjoyed this book when I read it a couple of years ago and it is still ok I guess .
 The first book of Asimov 's classic Foundation Trilogy . It is a must-read for any true fan of science fiction . Like other great works of the genre , it has held up over time , and is one of those books that you 'll find yourself going back to read again and again . I highly recommend it . Be sure to also check out the other two books of the Foundation Trilogy , `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' .
 Here in the second installment of Azimov 's fantastic Foundation epic , you have a continuation from the first that at first seems a let down . Then the Mule shows up and the action really gets going.The first part is about the General and the reason I say it 's a letdown is that what you think is going to happen , and hope for the sake of action is going to happen , does n't . It 's important that it doens ' t and makes a good point.The Mule however is where the meat is as others have stipulated . He 's a monkey wrench in the whole plan Hari Seldon put together to save humanity during the ` Dark Ages ' after the collapse of the Galactic Empire . Well written and a definite must for any who claim to love sci-fi .
 I first read Foundation as a bored teen , with no idea what it was about . Foundation is a book which demands to be read quickly , and thus the impression , amidst the brilliant storyline , is often shallow.I read it this time in a couple of hours ; I would 've read it quicker without work and cafes and other impediments , but basically I devoured it . And because it read so fast , the impressions of the individual stories flickered past too.The sense of history as pattern is stronger in this book than any single narrative . Having read the brilliant new Foundation trilogy , written by the three Bs -LRB- Brin , Benson , and Bear -RRB- which tells the personal life story of Hari Seldon , the very brief treatment of Seldon in the first trilogy is more notable for what is unsaid . Hari is just another name in history for Asimov ; the hero is the idea , even the fast-flow of the narrative of itself might be called the Hero , because the whole notion of story here is webbed against historical patterns so closely.Briefly , then , Foundation has the setup and three payoffs . The setup is Hari Seldon arranging exile to Terminus.Salvor Hardin 's politicization of Terminus is the first payoff , and is especially brilliantly written.Smyrnian Trader Limmar Ponyet 's chicanery on planet Askone 's closed market demonstrates the limits of religion and is the second payoff.Then Hober Mallow 's power grab and abandonment of religion for trade as a means for influence in the third.The story starts and ends with court cases , first against Hari Seldon and last against Hober Mallow . The ideology of the book is anti-violence and pro social and economic measures . In fact it may be the first really positive exploration of what has come to be called `` soft power '' , of which the European Union is the present example.The great touches of image serve to cast a deeper shadow on the role of public morality in sustaining a civilisation . For instance , the ambassador from Anacreon presents the hilt of his gun as a symbol of peaceful intentions when he visits Salvor Hardin on Terminus.In the context of history the book is extraordinarily complex and sophisticated . Social and economic complexity is reduced and strained free of dense matter and difficulty , like consomme soup , made to be thin yet delicious and easily consumed . The very first thought I had at the end of reading Foundation was `` how I wish there were a history of Rome so readable and fast and easy to consume ! `` Normally I read Foundation in a great hurry -LRB- as I have this time -RRB- in combination with the other two books , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation . But I only have a copy of the first book of the trilogy and must make do with it.The first payoff is quite brilliant , because it is delayed and played out indirectly , thus deflecting the thrill of emotional rush into intellectual wonder . Specifically , Salvon Hardin delays the confrontation between Terminus and Anacreon for thirty years , years which Asimov summarizes in a bitter and brilliant battle of words between the old Hardin and young Sek Sermak . Thus the reader feels that the payoff is deferred . The reader senses an even bigger payoff at the far end of the section , `` Mayors '' . And Asimov does not fail us . For Salvor Hardin travels to Anacreon to personally entrap the evil regent there and defeat him - again , inevitably , with soft power . Hardin defeats his enemy on the enemy 's territory , at the precise moment when it seems all is lost for the Foundation.One is left with the distinct impression that brains defeat brawn , skilled inaction and insight defeat busyness and boldness , and that the power of wisdom and foresight overcomes even a social collapse on the scale of the fall of the Roman Empire - as indeed they did . For the Fall of Rome resulted in the rise of Christendom , and with it a grand tradition - so Asimov 's message , by locating a historical European lesson in the distant future - becomes a timeless affirmation of human excellence.Foundation thus stands virtually alone in the field of science fiction novels in excellence .
 Clear intelligent prose marks this as well as Asimov 's other books . The fact that there is hardly any action in this trilogy , and yet it is still fun to read , shows you how good Asimov is at writing just `` intellectual '' fiction.But the truth be told , Foundation is not `` the greatest sci-fi series of all time . '' Sure , it won the Hugo that said just that . But that was only about fifteen years after the trilogy was published , and , remember , only fifteen years after the Hugo Award was instituted . Fifteen years is n't long enough to be making grandiose all-time statements like that.After Foundation , Asimov was to grow as a writer . He said so himself . He admits its faults
 You 've already read the publisher 's summary for yourself , so let me just add that this is THE classic SF trilogy . Book one , `` Foundation , '' creates the future world , its declining culture , and how a group of strong-minded individuals do n't want to see knowledge die . How they do that drives this novel . In book two , Asimov introduces the mystery of the mule , and in book three Asimov pulls a rabbit out the hat called the Second Foundation.If you enjoy books that entertain , books that offer good mysteries , and books that make you think about bigger things in life , than this series is for you . It 's too bad our political leaders do n't read novels like this . Maybe we 'd avoid the continual messes they get countries in .
 Asimov is a must read for any science fiction reader . Even though the writing style leaves something to be desired , the pure imagination of his writing is something memorable . It 's hard to imagine Star Wars or any other sci-fi without this book . Asimov barrels through time and the universe passing through hundreds of years in the turn of a page in a way that is rich and convincing . He builds many worlds , characters , and ties it all together through Hari Seldon and his psychohistory -LRB- a previously worked out map of human reactions , and thus events , for generations to come -RRB- and the Mule -LRB- a mutant who throws a wrench in the plan and -- like most bad guys , or in this case mutants -- seeks world domination -RRB- . What 's incredible about this villian is his strange depth which the reader gets completely secondhand . The book goes on and on with one beautiful idea after another . For example , a strange jester/clown character , Magnifico , that the heroes -- Bayta and Torie -- pick up plays an instrument called the sono-visor . This instrument harnasses the alpha waves of the brain and mixes melody with image in each listener . Now how 's that for cool ? Asimov wows the reader again and again with clearly explained inventive ideas . This book is the first of a trilogy . A must read for anyone with an interest in literature or science-fiction .
 The Foundation Trilogy is timeless . Asimov is the master . No wonder it won a Hugo for best all-time series.It 's the fall of the Galactic Empire and the rise of the Foundation guided by psychohistory -LRB- a scientific method of predicting the future -RRB- developed by the Foundation 's founder , Hari Seldon.Classic Sci Fi !
 There are a lot of people reviewing this book on this website who give it low reviews because it 's dated . Yeah , sure , it 's dated ... it was written in the forties , it 's going to be dated , but that does n't lower the quality of the story.Now that that 's out of the way
 Ive been a long time sci-fi/fantasy fan . However , it has taken me many years to finally pick up a book Ive heard so much about . Through the first half of the book , it felt like the average sci-fi novel . However , as I neared the end , I found myself enjoying it . Asimov included some witty political resolutions to the puzzles and ` Seldon crisis ' throughout the book . I kept wanting more of these carefully crafted shorts and was very entertained towards the end.Asimov could have executed the story a little better so that the timeline did n't skip fifty years after every short . The lasting effect of this piece is somewhat diminished by this fact . Also the repetition of plot will keep me from reading any more of the series . I think it is the tragic flaw in Asimov , too much of a good thing . He has books published about everything it seems . Search for ` Asimov ' and you will see what I mean.Overall it was a good book and I highly recommend it . It was an enjoyment to pass the time with .
 This book sets the stage for the rest of the series . Hari Seldon is introduced and his theories of Psychohistory are explained . Then Seldon 's Foundation is established on Terminus , a remote planet at the edge of the Empire , with the goal of shortening the period of barbarism the universe will experience . However , there are no Psychohistorians located in the Foundation ... only scientists . The planet has very few native metals and virtually no defenses . The scientists must figure out how to rule their world and fend off avaricious neighbors as the Empire begins to crumble . The majority of this first volume contains vignettes chronicling the Foundation leaders responding to various crises that Hari Seldon predicted centuries before . The crises are varied and plausible . The solutions to the problems that arise are not solved by any miraculous means , but by tough , clever political maneuvering . Watching the crises and their solutions unfold is very enthralling and keeps you turning the pages at a rapid pace .
 This book was recommended to me for a writing exercise , and I was surprised to find that I enjoyed it as much as I learned from it . I had lumped Asimov in with Clarke as a boring SF writer , and I was quite wrong . This book also works amazing magic with the passage of time and circumstance , and despite how quickly characters drop out of the landscape of the novel , the reader remains interested . A masterful work from one of the great masters.If you do n't know much about SF , this is a good book for you ; if you are a SF fan who thinks Asimov has nothing to offer you , this is a great book for you . Pick it up .
 People like to throw five star reviews at just about anything . I suppose they feel that almost everything written is as good as it gets . Foundation is one that deserves all five stars.It 's a classic . The premise is intriguing . The story unwinds brilliantly over three books . Do n't expect to read The Foundation alone . It does leave you hanging . The next two books in the trilogy are a must.This is one of a handful of solid , enduring works that will be enjoyed long after other works fade off the lists ...
 Ah Foundation , this is perhaps one of the best and highly original works of Dr. Asimov . I was impressed that a man of only 20 could come up with such a creative vision of the future , it was not only the very distant future but one aside from most of the common stereotypes . This books plot line was excellent , he sounded like he really knew what he wanted from the get go , and not make it up as he went along . If i had to change a thing , it would be ; i would like to see some of these characters come to a complete close , I 'm not saying that i would like to put a stop to the big gaps through time , but make the characters have a little more closure.I think that you will get a lot out of this book as far as understanding plain human nature , it shows that no matter how far you go into the future there are some human characteristics that will never go away such as faith and greed . Foundation really opens a door for science fiction , especially in the two books remaing in the trilogy , you should definatly read those , as for the other four , that is your choice , i would read the reviews before reading them.As for Foundation , it is an excellent book , the characters are as defined as well as can be for the time alotted for them to portray the story . This is a must read epic that spans almost a thousand years -LRB- if you read the whole series -RRB- ENJOY !
 Foundation . Arguably the greatest creation of science fiction to date , from the most prolific writer of the genre . Isaac Asimov 's tour de force first graced the pages of the May edition of Astounding Science Fiction in 1942 . By the time the last instalment of the saga was finished in 1992 , -LRB- only a matter of weeks prior to Asimov 's death -RRB- , the story had gone full circle so that you finished almost where you had set off from . We are initially told of The Seldon Plan ; A one thousand year strategy mathematically and statistically conceived by Hari Seldon , to potentially minimise the eventual downfall of the once almost omnipotent , but now crumbling Galactic Empire . Seldon 's Plan is for a group of specially chosen settlers to emigrate to Terminus , an uninhabited planet in a remote corner of the galaxy , from where they will create the Encyclopedia Galactica , a definitive omnibus of information necessary to aide a new and even stronger Empire rise long after the anarchy of it 's predecessors demise.Throughout five of the seven Foundation books Asimov wrote , the reader witnesses the unfolding of The Seldon Plan , and how the original settlers of Terminus evolve over the centuries , as the work of the long dead Seldon comes to fruition . The two ` prelude ' books in the series tell of Seldon 's life , and his initial realisation as a young man , the gravity of what must be done to save the people far into the future , while simultaneously trying to instigate his master plan.Upon reading the end of the last of the books in a chronological sense -LRB- Foundation & Earth -RRB- , the reader is gifted with the biggest jaw-dropping , mother of all twists in the story , which turns almost all of what you have read in the previous books upside down . Read Foundation , and guaranteed you 'll read the other six books all in immediate succession .
 I am not a science fiction fan without being a fan of the big idea , but in the Foundation Asimov introduced galaxy-wide empires and a plausible new science . There 's no new compelling themes in this book . Without that quality , you are left to Asimov 's weaknesses
 In this sequel to `` Foundation , '' Asimov continues to channel Edward Gibbon , charting the rise and fall of the Galactic Empire and the subsequent rebirth , like a phoenix from the ashes , of a new and improved federation.On its own , `` Foundation and Empire '' suffers from an acute case of Middle Chapter Syndrome -- and this is somewhat surprising since Asimov originally published his trilogy as a series of nine novellas . The reader who is n't familiar with the first `` Foundation , '' with its extended prologue and four installments , will be at a loss . In the previous book , each chapter details a different interplanetary chess match between -LRB- on the one hand -RRB- the long-dead `` psychohistorian '' Hari Seldon , who had predicted the empire 's demise and who initiated events that will accelerate the rise of a second empire , and -LRB- on the other -RRB- various individuals who struggle in vain to change the course of that inexorable future . `` The General '' and `` The Mule , '' the two episodes in this volume , will surprise the reader by departing from the pattern in the previous book . The first and shorter story is the lesser of the two ; all the `` action '' occurs offstage , and the protagonists wait in suspense for a catastrophe that never really materializes . It 's a bit of a letdown , but Asimov presents this incident to make a point
 Foundation is the first of three books in the original Foundation trilogy . It 's a wonderful exploration of what might be if psychology , sociology and statistics could be melded together to predict the future with a high degree of reliability . I found it fascinating as a spiritual analogy , even if that was unintended by Azimov . Read it through the lens of Hari Seldon as a god-type , perhaps you 'll find the same interesting subtext that I did .
 Great classic Sci Fi . Loved it . It was fun to notice some of the technology that is already outdated , like microfiche and televisions , how nuclear power was so important , but this did n't affect my interest or enjoyment in the novel .
 I put Asmimov 's Foundation series among the finest science fiction ever written . Up there with Lord of the Rings . His brillance is amazing and he takes you into a world of the future that makes sense .
 Foundation is a reread for me -LRB- I read it way back when I was in high school -RRB- , and to be honest , I ca n't decide if I liked it more then or if I liked it more now . Which probably means that I felt the same way about it both times.Which is that it is a well-written , intriguing work of thoughtful science fiction.When it comes down to it , Foundation is the type of science fiction that I SHOULD love . It takes place in a believable , scary future , Earth is n't remembered or maybe does n't even exist , the entire galaxy is populated , and there are lots of cool future gadgets . More than that , it is filled with intelligent people who have to think in interesting , convoluted ways to make the things that happen happen . It even starts off with a mathematician - brilliance!And that is why I DID love this book - I loved trying to figure out how the people were going to think or how they were thinking and what conclusions this would lead them to . It was like a mystery , but one in which you just have to unravel intelligence . The narrative flows beautifully , and the plot is just complex enough to keep you exited and thinking without feeling like Asimov was trying too hard.When it comes down to it , Foundation really is the perfect science fiction novel , and it 's no wonder that it won the Hugo and was named `` Best Science Fiction Series of All Time . `` But -LRB- you knew there was a but coming -RRB- , I 'm not the hugest fan of short stories , and Foundation is , essentially , a series of short stories . Granted , the short stories are so well-linked that you sometimes forget , but when it comes down to it , each chapter is a new story . In each chapter , at least 50 years have passed since the last one , entirely new characters are introduced , and the old ones , for the most part , are rarely mentioned again . The thing linking them is Harri Seldon and the Foundation that he created . It is because of this that , even though I loved it , I ca n't say that I LOVED it.Still , Foundation is one tight piece of work , and I would recommend it to any and all lovers of science fiction . I mean , when it comes to science fiction , this is it ! And I know I 'll be rereading the others in the series as well !
 I 've come to start with four stars as I note that no book is perfect ; considering this is just a story , it ca n't be perfect . My giving a book much less this one four stars is no knock on it.Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clark are considered the beginning of ` hard ' sci-fi . It 's not strictly true as there were guys like H.G. Wells Jules Verne and might I add Johannas Kepler ? There 's also the Frankenstein story . A point I want to make here is that it seems that nobody has been able to follow in their footsteps ! Why ? They did n't necessarily mean to just be scientificaly accurate . Their message was scientific humanism . It 's the philosophy of being scientific that is portrayed in their books and not just robots and spaceships.Something else that needs to be pointed out is the difference between Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke . Some would suggest that Arthur C. Clark was more technically sophisticated than Isaac Asimov . Was Arthur C. Clark really all that technically sophisticated in his books ? He had guys shooting through a vacuum to get to an A.I. computer gone haywire ! Isaac Asimov has faster than light travel by means of space folding in his foundation books -LRB- a prediction that may not be so far off ... in either technical accuracy or time ; meaning it could happen sooner than you think ! -RRB- ; he has mind reading ; we have the ability to plus computers into brains and read what they 're thinking and saying now ; it 's not mass produced -LRB- yet -RRB- ; but , it 's there . I for one only liked Isaac 's first volume of his foundation books because he has this mind-reading which I did n't like ; well , what do I know?What seems to continue to set Isaac Asimov 's Foundation appart is that of a galactic empire and how it dies -LRB- human neglect of rationalism -RRB- . It should be noted that Isaac managed to connect his foundation books with his empire and robot books ; so , he shows how intelligence really grows to dominate a galaxy , and then shows social ways that it can crumble -LRB- inspired by the fall of the roman empire -RRB- . Despite Isaac 's reliance on nuclear power as the high technology of the day , his foundation books symbolizes the real issues facing humanity and not what you get on the news channels -LRB- actual politics channels ; they just call them news channels -RRB- ; they seem to argue for the same things each election year but never solve the same problems ! Meanwhile , the science world keeps on chugging -LRB- word?lol ! -RRB- along .
 one would be hard pressed to find better sci-fi in the last 60 years than the foundation novels . what amazing insight these books had .
 I like science fiction in a generalized idea , but sometimes in particular it does n't work . I think this is mainly because I see two kinds of science fiction . One is what are essentially westerns in space . The second tries to give perspective on the current times by creating some sort of objective viewpoint on current events by giving it distance in space or time . Asimov is more of the second one . I have n't read much of his work as an adult , but I did like his short stories as a child in magazines . Genre stories , until lately , have n't had any pull in the academy so they do n't get studied or legitimized scholastically . I like this second kind much better.I like this book , the first of a trilogy and the foundation for several others -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Asimov explores our relation to information and the predictability of the future based on full information awareness . I will read more of these books , perhaps the whole series because I enjoyed and was tantalized by the possibilities of action in the future of the series . However , one interesting thing is that although Asimov was looking to the future , he was still a product of his time . When he was writing , the technology was nuclear and the future was nuclear . Thus , the future Empire is ruled by nuclear technology . Compare , for example , the cyber-punk fascination with computer technology as a driving force . Computers are almost absent from the world of the Empire and the Foundation . Instead , there are still newspapers -LRB- 96 -RRB- and messages are transferred physically . At the very least , if you take this as a futurological document , humanity abandoned mythological superstition . So - you have to read this book as both a look into the future and a historical document . Asimov is a fantastic writer , but he could n't overcome the limitations of his time .
 Parts of the book I really enjoyed . I appreciate the twists played by characters on one another . I felt that after reading through the entire bit , though , that not enough had actually taken place . I did n't feel I walked away with a story I could remember . I did read in one review that this was `` serious science fiction , '' so with that in mind , I still give it five stars . I only would have liked that the pace be quicker.I really really enjoyedThe Hitch Hiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . I would recommend that over this book Foundation , based on my personal taste .
 The Foundation series is one of the most renowned arcs in all of science fiction . Spanning several volumes , and thousands of years of time , Asimov provides us with a blueprint for our own decadent , ailing society -- a prevention , if you will , against the society of the 21st century , as realized later by men like Stephen Baxter inTitan.In the billion-star inclusive Galactic government , Hari Seldon , a brilliant mathematician , devised a way to accurately plot the future by analyzing past events , trends , and movements in human history . Branded a madman , he and his followers are given a kind of half-exile , half-grant to the planet Terminus , to found their Foundation , which , it seems , is to be a focal point of knowledge for Seldon 's predicted coming galactic catastrophe.But is that all the Foundation is ? A glorified university?Asimov is the herald of a new age , filled with robots , spacetravel and weird technologies beyond our understanding , and sometimes , even our imagination . A thinker , philosopher , and theologian , Asimov 's books are chock-full of singular personality and wit.I recommend Foundation as necessary-reading to any fan of science-fiction who has somehow escaped it thus far . You will NOT be unimpressed .
 I never imagined it would have been so political . I also never imagined I 'd enjoy a political story so much . The characters are brilliant and well written . I was concerned for them despite how quickly Asimov moved on to the next group . It 's more realistic this way than to have just one protagonist that you know will make it to the end of the book . This story take place over a long period of time , though it provides for a surprisingly quick read . A good balance of action and brain stimuli . -LRB- Not for adrenaline junkies . -RRB-
 Foundation is the only book I have ever read twice . The second time around , I was shocked to realize that not much ever happens . There is something about this series that makes it one of the best I have ever read but I am not sure what it is .
 Having always been a big Asimov fan , -LRB- after readingmany of hisshort stories , along with some of the Robot series -RRB- I was very excited to start reading the Foundation series . The Foundation series describes a world in which humans live on planets throughout the galaxy . In this world , the 12,000-year old Empire is in decline , and Hari Seldon has established a Foundation in the corner of the galaxy in order to reconquer and rebuild a new empire after the current one dies -- he estimates the intermediary period of barbarism can be reduced from 30,000 years to only 1,000 . Going into the first book of the series , I have to say I had high expectations , but this book managed to exceed them . Many people complain about the character development in these novels , but while each of the five stories introduced new characters , I still found each set of characters to be interesting in very important ways . Throughout these stories , the question of individuality is touched on
 If you have n't read this or the other two books in the original trilogy , you 're in for a treat . This series is almost 50 years old but still among the best SF stories ever
 Throughout the past 12,000 years , the Galactic Empire has been expanding from Trantor , its capital planet , throughout the galaxy . How humans found Trantor , or where Earth is -LRB- and other questions about Earth -RRB- , are currently unanswerable . All that is known is that this empire , which controls billions of worlds , is in a permanent social and political recession -- in other words , it is dying . Hari Seldon , reknowned psychohistorian -LRB- AKA scientist who predicts future trends -RRB- has predicted that 30,000 years will pass before a second Galactic Empire will rise . To shorten the dark age to 1,000 years , he has created a Foundation - a group of people dedicated to preserving knowledge - on the edge of the galaxy in the hope that they will share their knowledge after the fall of the Galactic Empire and create a new , and greater , Galactic Empire . Foundation is divided into four stories , which go through history from Seldon 's project through the ascent of the Foundation . Taking concepts from Gibbon 's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire , Foundation is an extraordinary book and is strongly recommended to all readers of science fiction .
 In a word , story . That 's what this is book is meant , story . As a best-class story-teller , Asimov , leads the reader into an intrincated , labyrhynthical STORY , where mathematics play a role as important as human emotions , meanwhile , both are interlaced so closely and deeply , that psicohistory raises up to capitalize human knowledge in `` favour '' of the final survival of the galactic culture.Despite the general opinion of classical criticism , that Asimov was not quite a good SF writer , but a fantasy one with no base to be considered in the universe of `` hard '' sci-fi , I should say that it 's a long way walk between writing and simply reading a book , and this may not be the most-spectacular guide to science and techno-details , but it 's in a way -LRB- a very particular one -RRB- the best ever writen
 Many of the ideas and terminology is very old time , and retro . The idea and plot of this book may in fact have kicked off the whole space opera sub-genre that i love so well . For more larger than life galaxy spanning sci fi mind blowing , try Vernor Vinge 's `` A fire Upon the Deep ''
 I find the Foundation series to be more interesting than the Robot series . I read the short story which was the seed for this book ; unfortunately , it ends completely up in the air so you are sucked into reading the whole novel . I have my problems with Psycho-History ... but so will the characters in this universe , as we shall see .
 I read this novel as a trilogy of Prelude to Foundation , Foundation and Second Foundation . The story of the last years of the Trantor Empire helped me understand a lot about our society . Even though I read it in College I still have Harry Seldon name stock in my mind . Isaac uses this story to present his theories on how science and religion influence our society . It is a marvelous saga of a loooong story of a new Empire -LRB- USA ? -RRB- build after the fall of an old one -LRB- Britain ? -RRB- . More or less this will be a very entertaining textbook on social science of history . A must for a serious SCFI reader .
 The fall of the Galactic Empire having been foreseen by the great Hari Seldon through his Psychohistory , a colony , of sorts , of scholars was established on a planet far from the center of the Empire.This Foundation , as the colony is referred , is intended to limit the chaos sure to follow from the Empire 's eventual fall . Proceeding the fall , various small dominions erupt , and for a time the Foundation treads water as a neutral entity , but things soon come to a head , and action must be taken . Unfortunately , scholars are not the best equipped to handle such situations.From the outcome of these events , the political structure of the Foundation is altered , and from there again does a conflict occur . As there was such a concentration of intellectual beings in the Foundation , there was no decline in technology as in the rest of the former Empire . And so might superior technology aid in the well-being of the Foundation , as well as its regard from neighbors.This book is actually several separate stories , taking place at different times in the early history of the Foundation , as the citizens try to fulfill the goal of Hari Seldon , now long dead , but nonetheless still influential . These stories are very well written , and obviously had a great deal of thought put into them as to how the collapse and restoration of such an entity might proceed . If you like REAL science fiction , I highly recommend this book , you wo n't regret it .
 The Foundation series is the best ever . True , it is set in the future but you do n't have to like sci-fi at all to appreciate the true brilliance of Isaac Asimov . The Foundation is a short book . Give it a try . I 'll be surprised if you do n't immediately pick up the next in the series when you are done !
 Two stories in one , this book is an excellent follow up to Foundation , and a dramatization of the strength of mind over muscle.First the Foundation is threateded by the Galactic Empire . While I disagree with the unimportance of the individual -LRB- after all , was n't Hari Seldon himself one person who changed history -RRB- , it does show the travails as a small group of Foundationers try to stop the General , when he is stopped by the very corrupt bureaucracy he serves.In the second , he brings in a new factor . The Foundation , secure and dominant but not agressive , is threatened by the Mule , a person who can control the emotions of others , reshape them into whatever he wants . Part of a slightly more fantastic area of Science Fiction , he still pulls it off well . This time it does come down to individual effort again to stop the Mule , by opponents who could not defeat him one on one but do so by their determination and individual organization.This time , he did not labor under the false assumption that he had to write a limited number of pages , so he was able to flesh out the characters more and make the plot twists more intricate , and did a truly excellent work .
 First I will detail the faults of this book . It is too brief . Mr. Asimov was working under the assumption that he had to keep it under a certain length , and so abbreviated it unfairly , cutting certain amounts of plot and character development.That aside , this book is excellent , showing the struggle against adversity and brains versus brute force that is so lacking in most modern literature . It is true that Science Fiction is the Modern version of Romantic -LRB- the time period -RRB- literature , and Asimov carried the beacon .
 I was so disappointed in the first book , Foundation , I gave it two stars . I 've been wanting to read the trilogy for years and I could n't believe that that mediocre pulp was it ! But Foundation and Empire is the saving grace . I look forward to the next book .
 This is the second Foundation Novel I have read in the whole series and it just gets me more excited for the rest . This book really brings into light the tone of the series and where it can go . Honestly Asimov is a genius . : -RRB-
 SPOILERS AHEAD !!! When I wrote the review for the first book in this series my review was number 336 , this time I 'm number 90 , which probably means that most reviewers said what they had to say about the trilogy in their review of the first book . This is ironic considering this second book is where the real fun begins.I 'm assuming here that you read Foundation , I 'm HOPING you even liked it . If you did then you will probably notice that there are only two stories in this book as opposed to the five in the previous one . Do n't let the lack of quantity bother you though , These stories are longer for the simple reason that they need to be.For me personally , there was always something that bothered me about the premise of this series . Simply put , I did n't like the fact that humanity is reduced to mathematics . That 's TOO simple though , because I happen to think that if you try hard enough , you CAN reduce -LRB- or perhaps distill is a better word -RRB- humankind down to mathematics , but the Seldon plan makes no allowance for the individual.At least , that 's what I thought after reading Foundation . As it turns out , these two stories deal with just that theme . Not only that , but they seem to state opposite views on the subject.The first part of the book finds the Foundation taking on the remains of the Great Galactic Empire . The heroes of this part are , as usual , simply the mouthpieces for the various viewpoints and have little personality of their own . They run about and try to save the Foundation with some daring do -LRB- but it 's Asimov so the said daring do mostly involves people arguing with each other about stuff -RRB- while the Foundation calmly trounces the Empire and renders their whole storyline moot.Here , the group wins out while the individual is rendered completely impotent while the group kicks butt . So , group 1 , individual 0Then comes the second -LRB- and significantly longer -RRB- story
 The second book in the Foundation series continues the narrative of the first ; it chronicles the defeat of the decaying Galactic Empire by the Foundation , and its subsequent defeat by the mutant intelligence that is the Mule . Asimov 's books are an almost perfect blend of suspense , action , dialogue , character-building , world-building , narrative , and plot . He knows how to keep the pages turning . Even the less interesting half of the book -LRB- the first-half -RRB- is still enjoyable - it 's just that the second part is so much more interesting ; the twist at the end is especially something to be savored . Like all his books , the joy comes from not just the narrative itself , but the situations that Asimov places his characters in , and how they ingeniously improvise solutions to their dilemmas . The Foundation series is , irrefutably , classic science fiction , and it makes one wonder why Hollywood has n't taken these literary gems and processed them into something less fine and lacking luster.One minor grievance ; some phrases seem to reappear in multiple books of the series . Asimov seems particularly fond of the adjective `` sardonically '' - but this can scarcely be deemed a flaw , just something that one might notice .
 The second book in the original trilogy , and the fourth book overall , Foundation and Empire is the great sequel to Foundation . It 's really two different stories set many years apart.The first story covers the empires attempt to conquer the First Foundation led by its last great general . The second covers the mutant known as the Mule and his attempt to conquer the entire galaxy . The mysterious Second Foundation comes into play for the first time at the end of this book.Like its predecessor , at only 320 pages it makes a quick and interesting read . As one of the few sequels I 've ever read which is n't a let down from the book it follows , I highly recommend it as well as the rest of the series .
 Asimov has crafted a sci-fi masterpiece in this novel . It is this novel that takes the Foundation series to a new level of brilliance . While the original novel is strong , this book is stronger . One advanatage of this book over its predecessor is that it is a single story as opposed to a series of novellas . This yields greater investment in the characters as they develop throughout the book . Asimov displays here all the attributes that have earned him monolithic status among sci-fi writers -- unforgettable characters , ahead-of-his-time technology , and an entrancing plot with endless twists and turns . Essential reading for sci-fi fans .
 Great book ! Second in the series of three novels , all three are worth the read . I read all three in about two and half weeks . It might be interesting to read them in conjunction with Kuhn 's Structures of Scientific Revolutions . Every `` Seldon Crisis '' brings about a `` new world '' . Really fun stuff . Do n't miss out !
 I first read the foundation triology in high school in the early 60 's . Nearly 50 years later , reading it again was almost like reading forthe first time . Asimov added two more books later , but the first threeare the real classics here . The concept of psychohistory may be as importantas the novels are good . I have n't seen any movies made from thesestories , but it seems like they deserve that.Before there was ever an x-man there was the mule ; that chance of genetic nature of a psi mutant who could change mens mindsas he pleased . The plan could n't account for this , but the second foundationwas never found by the mule . I recognized in the mule a manvery like the French Napoleon who could take advantage ofthe weaknesses of others . In later life Asimov became verymuch ` hard science ' orientated so that these early space operatype novels were actually rationalized into an artificial unified time linethat really does a disservice to their original intension in my view.I still like this book with age !
 If you consider Star Wars as George Lucas 's answer to Asmiov 's `` Foundation '' then this is very much in the mode of Episode V. Asimov spent the first book building up his psychohistory paradigm just to knock it down in Foundation and Empire . A much darker and more intense book , downbeat in mood , and leading to the inevitable conclusion in Second Foundation .
 This is certainly an excellent `` first '' book in the Asimov series . Even if one has not read , Prelude to Foundation , you can pick up right up and enjoy the series . Sets the stage for the next books in the series , but also makes one think , `` What would happen if America lost its power sources ? ''
 It 's taken me quite a while to get around to reading this one , and I hesitate to review the first book of a trilogy when I have n't completed all 3 books , but I figured I 'd better get this one in while I can , as it may take me another 10 years to finish the series.I 'm surprised that it took me this long to finally read `` Foundation '' by Isaac Asimov , but I can say that I 'm glad I did . Actually , I did n't have high hopes going into it , as I am not a big fan of Asimov 's writing . While his technical approach is always entertaining , he tends to become very stilted and ham-fisted when it comes to characterization . It was this quality that turned me off of `` I Robot '' and almost got me to give him up completely ; however , seeing as the Foundation trilogy is regarded as a classic of the genre , I had to give it a shot.As everyone has said over and over -LRB- and I 'll do it , too -RRB- , the Foundation trilogy is a futuristic parallel of the fall of the Roman Empire and the following Dark Ages . Hari Seldon , father of Psychohistory , sees the writing on the wall and establishes the Foundation in order to buffer the fall of civilization and technology . The first book of the series , `` Foundation '' , does a good job of setting the stage for what is to come . The book is told in 5 parts , each one focusing on a different character or time period in the early history of the Galactic Empire 's fall . Surprising to me , Asimov actually does a fairly good job with his characterization . There 's very little melodrama , and the story is evenly paced , holding up pretty well for a tale begun in 1941 . The only complaints I have with the story are that the main characters always seem to be overly confident in themselves , as if they are holding all the cards and can easily handle any adversity while blindfolded -LRB- presenting a tense situation fails if the protagonist has no concern or doubt for how things will be resolved -RRB- . Also , as the different parts of the story skip a hundred years here , 30 years there , etc. , it may take some imagination on the reader 's part to develop a `` big picture '' of what the Empire is really going through . These are minor issues , however , and should not detract from enjoying the book.One last observation - I have noticed that Hari Seldon appears to be getting younger with each new printing of this book . My copy of `` Foundation '' from the early '80s , with cover art by Darrell Sweet , shows a decrepit , bent , wizened Seldon -LRB- as I feel he should look -RRB- . The next cover , by Michael Whelan from the early '90s , shows a more healthy and happy Seldon . The cover of the latest edition , shown on this page , features a Seldon who looks like he 's about to jump out of his wheelchair and punch you out . You have to love that artistic license ...
 Keep in mind
 `` Foundation '' by Isaac AsimovIn the distant future
 The foundation is setup to secretly monitor mankind through its darkest hours . It reminded me a little of Orwell 's 1984 . In placing humans away from the central government on a planet with few resources . They are forced to develop quickly . This is a novel more about political machinations than about action . The contradictions in human nature are here to analyze . The characters use guile , spirit , & cunning to survive . Some 80 % of the book is dialogue & the character development is a bit shallow . Nonetheless , Mr. Asimov portrays the future in poignant & diverse ways . The predicted conflict makes the story of galactic history entertaining , especially since this was written in 1951 . Some 7 years before Sputnik was launched . The author deserves praise for his imagination that was well ahead of his time .
 I personally enjoyed ever word of this particular work . Many other reviewers have gone into the plot , etc. so I will not do so here to any depth . This is one of those works of SiFi that will appeal to certain taste , while others may find it not to their liking . There is a great deal of politics -LRB- almost Pre WWI European -RRB- involved in the story line . As the story covers -LRB- all books included -RRB- over one thousand years , there are many , many characters to track and keep track of . This is indeed a series of short stories , all linked . I personally enjoy this sort of thing but can see where some might not . That being said , it , the book , can certainly be regarded as a classic in this particular genre and certainly should be read by any student of such . You certainly can not fault the author 's story telling ability and imagination . I enjoyed this one a lot and do highly recommend it .
 Foundation is an amazing story about the ingenuity of one man whose quests bring him to the brink of barbarism -- in a time a million years from now . Hari Seldon is the character we 'd all like to be , and Isaac Asimov is the writer we 'd all like to be . Definately five stars . I recommend for anyone with a likeness to math , history , or science , or anyone who has read anything by Asimov , Brin , or Bear .
 For its time ` Foundation ' by Isaac Asimov was a tale that predicted futurism as the calculation of the eventual outcome of each technological economic progression that mankind could , and would , go through , if it stuck to certain paths , especially the implementation of the concept that `` small is better '' with an economic drive that produces its best results when under stress , such as wartime . This model is pretty much the way the world works today with technology leaps made when there is a demand for it to do so and at no time is this demand greater than when a nation is faced with a possible crisis . Asimov 's ` Foundation ' is a story about a society of colonized scientists that have been chosen by Hari Seldon , the creator of psychohistory , who sees a crisis developing in the cosmic empire that can only be avoided if certain conditions are met for each impending emergency that is predicted through psychohistorical analysis . He sets up an off world colony at the unknown edge of the galaxy , the foundation , that goes through several generations , with each generation reaching a hidden ` Seldon crisis ' point that becomes the focus of several successive stories in the book . Futurism was actually an artistic movement originating in Italy around 1910 whose aim was to express the energetic , dynamic , and violent quality of contemporary life , especially as embodied in the motion and force of modern machinery . Nowadays it means to believe that the meaning of life and one 's personal fulfilment lie in the future and not in the present or past . Foundation symbolizes these ideas . Although not the most exciting or action packed SF you could read , is also somewhat limited in its SF feel , is more of a revelation of economics and is the kind of literary material that would impress the business and politically minded reader more than the seasoned SF reader . None-the-less this is still an important work that remains relevant today as it did in the early 50s , but the sequels might be a bit of a hard sell on the bases of this educational SF novel .
 I love this book and now fully understand why Asimov is considered one of the grandmasters of this genre . Over the years I have read a considerable amount of Science Fiction ; books ranging from military exploits to technological exploits , but never have I read one that I would consider high literature.In this book Asimov deals with issues such as religion , politics , economics and the control that they all grant in such a deft way that it in no way detracts from a riveting and page turning novel . Take , for instance this quote from page 210 . `` The religion we have is our all-important instrument toward that end . With it we have brought the Four Kingdoms under our control , even at the moment when they would have crushed us . It is the most potent device known with which to control men and worlds `` In regards to the power of economics `` The whole war is a battle between those two systems ; between the Empire and the Foundation ; between the big and the little . To seize control of a world , they bribe with immense ships that can make war , but lack all economic significance . We , on the other hand , bribe with little things , useless in war , but vital to prosperity and profits . '' - Pg . 231My one complaint is really based on a personal preference . I really enjoy a novel which has one central character that I can get to know and even identify with . I think that it helps to draw the reader into the story . However , Foundation covers several hundred years in just a couple hundred pages thereby making this impossible . This is a small point , but for me detracts slightly from the story.That said I adore this book and am eagerly looking forward to finishing out the series . If you have not read it then I say move it to the top of the list . This is truly one of the great SciFi stories of all time.Leave a comment below and let me know what you think !
 Foundation surprised me . I had been expecting dry , hardcore science fiction with hard to grasp worlds and characters . I could n't have been more wrong . Foundation takes politics , psychology , statistics and survival and showcases them in a galaxy far , far away.Time passes quickly in the novel , so you do n't get very attached to any of the characters . The focus is the big picture , the future , and the steps taken to prevent the coming anarchy . More than that , the focus is on the plot . Clean dialogue and a lack of heavy description keeps the plot constantly moving forward . The pace the plot progression sets makes the book very hard to put down . Foundation is a smart and easy read that deserves its label as being the best science fiction books of all time .
 Comes this novel , given to me on Christmas , by my dad , on the recomendation of one of his co-workers . I am not a big science fiction fan , not that I 've read dozens of sci-fi books and hated them . It 's just that besides what I run into in the occasional Koontz or King , I have little interest in sci-fi . So after Christmas , a month or so goes by , and I finally open `` Foundation '' . Doing research before reading this , I am quite impressed at how popular this series is . After reading the book , I clearly see why . The first few pages took a re-read , as I was very confused . Before I knew it , im onto part 2 and not able to put this book down . All I can say now is I ca n't wait to get my hands on the rest of the series . I was in the mood for something different than my usual reading , and this really delivered . Asimov writing is intelligent , yet simple . His character 's are n't deep , but the plot amazes . His imagination is amazing.What I especially enjoy about this book , is that each of the five parts takes place many years after the previous part , so you really feel as if you know the whole empire 's history.All in all , this book took me from not caring much for sci-fi , to at the bare minimum reading the rest of this series , and eventualy , probably reading alot if not all of Asimov 's work . A book that 's on the short side never contained so much in opinion . I am now an Isaac Asimov fan . Recommended HIGHLY !
 After reading the whole trilogy I must say that the first installment still has the biggest impact for the single reason that this is where the whole grand idea was conceived and presented for the first time.The best aspect of this story is , of course , the awsome interplay between technology , politics , religion , economy , and culture within the galactic periphery in the immediate vicinity of planet Terminus , the location of the so called First Foundation . This interplay is cleverly woven into a series of plots propelled by a handful of characters . That focus upon a few key characters in a sense brought the whole story down to earth -LRB- and for the better -RRB- . The founder himself , Hari Seldon , is already long dead by the 2nd chapter but the plan he and his co-conspirators set in motion lingers on.Couple of problems are evident with the story and some suspension of disbelief is required to overcome them.First is the time scale in which the changes are set in . To put it simply , descend of parts of the galaxy encompassing hundreds of planetary systems into that sort of technological and scientific barbarism '' within mere 50 years is not belivable . Establishing a religion based on technology within 30 years after that is still kind of on the less belivable side but it depends strongly on the magnitude of the technological difference between barbarians '' and the foundationeers , so there is room for interpretation.Second is the technology itself . Nuclear fission has been known and used for 60 years and lost most of its appeal as the ultimate energy source of the future.In the meantime there has been countless ideas about alternative sources of energy much greater than fission and entirely possible -LRB- notably
 Imagine an empire so humongous it stretches across the Milky Way galaxy . Imagine a mathematical formula that can actually prove future events . Then imagine that formula predicts this galactic empire will soon crumble and a new dark ages lasting at least 30,000 years will follow.If you can imagine all that , you get the gist of Foundation by Isaac Asimov and the beginning of a highly regarded series of books in the science fiction genre.What happens next is a group of people try to find ways to circumnavigate , though not necessarily halt , the new approaching dark age.Asimov is n't for everyone , and I ca n't admit to loving his prose . But his ideas for plots are top notch . This book , and the series of books that follow it , are proof of this.Asimov 's writing is often considered too dense for the casual reader , and there 's some truth to this . If you like your science fiction with lots of action and ray guns and alien spaceships flying about , Asimov is n't for you . But if you like hard science fiction based upon hard , indepth science , this Asimov is probably right for you , especially the Foundation series .
 Foundation is a great book to read . The Foundation trilogy is a great series to read . That being said , there are little elements within the story that date some of the points of reference Asimov ascribes to his characters , but it 's actually charming to read the references to ` atomics ' , etc. . Asimov is a master at story-telling , and this series certainly helped to cement his reputation .
 I 'd like to begin this review by saying that I typically do n't particularly like most science fiction . In fact , I hate most of it . What Asimov did here was create an outline of continuity that seamlessly followed a logical progression , displayed memorable characters that begin and end as heroic figures , and never once does he insult the intelligence of the reader.The primary difference between Asimov and the Sci-Fi writers that I loathe so much , is that Isaac does not stoop to create melodrama ; he does n't exaggerate his descriptions or dialogue in order to convince the reader that the heroes are great , rather he let 's their actions demonstrate their greatness.The only thing that does bother me about Asimov , is how many terrible authors who have clearly attempted to emulate his ideas and writing style only to create abominations of thought and literature . I 'm looking at you , L.R.H.
 When I was a teenager , I was stunned by `` The End of Eternity '' . When later I started reading the Empire and Foundation novels , I was unpleasantly surprised by the style simplification that seemed to accelerate with every novel . Now , when I 've read them all , I think I understand what happened
 A science fiction book where the science is more political than technological . Psychology had advanced to the point where mathematical models of mass psychology could predict large group social behavior far into the future -LRB- rather like the meteorological models attempt to predict weather several days in advance -RRB- . The predictions in this case extended over several centuries and predicted the galaxy would undergo a dark age in which civilized learning and behavior would decrease and collected knowledge could be lost . A Foundation was formed at the far edge of the galaxy with the sole job of organizing and saving all knowledge . Since the book takes place over a long period of time we follow the adventures of several heroes involved with the Foundation 's effort to not only maintain knowledge -LRB- for the time when civilization will return -RRB- but to do so while maintaining peace . This was done first by creating a religion based on the fact that only the Foundation had technology , most importantly nuclear power . This source of power , needed by all , then became an object of worship , and priests were trained in how to present the dictates of the Foundation -LRB- Source of Power -RRB- as a reason for good behavior . When this sham began to fail , it was found that trade between the high tech Foundation and the low tech other nations was more profitable than war , and could maintain peace . This is the first book in a series of three , so most likely the next book tells how the trade idea worked out . Although my description does make it sound boring , I found it to be an interesting book , the politics of which sound familiar in today 's world - I may read the next in the series .
 Oh how avidly I read these long ago . Just ate them up . After learning Paul Krugman was influenced by theses novels , I had to read them again or so I thought . Dry though relevant ideas from a great mind ; two thirds through the first , not one dialog with a female or a child . Really ca n't go on .
 Quite simply , this is the one book I constantly bring up when asked , `` What 's your favorite book ? '' If I had to be stranded on a generational space voyage and could only bring one book , this would be it.The grand scheme of this is so vast it 's difficult to translate . But let 's say that it encompasses a future history spanning tens of thousands of years at it 's most crucial time - when the very fabric of its society is about to plunge into a dark age . Only one man can save it , Hari Seldon , by writing an Encyclopedia Galactica that will redirect the knowledge of mankind into a small group of scientists who can rebuild humanity in just a few thousand years.Epic in proprtion , brilliant in detail , this is a must read for anyone who not only savors the salt of Sci-fi literatue , but anyone who just wants to read the best of the best of any genre .
 Great book ! First in the series of three novels , all three are worth the read . I read all three in about two and half weeks . It might be interesting to read them in conjunction with Kuhn 's Structures of Scientific Revolutions . Every `` Seldon Crisis '' brings about a `` new world '' . Really fun stuff . Do n't miss out !
 I doubt I shall ever come across a better writer of history or Science Fiction in this lifetime.Asimov was a great student of history , psychology , and science . Unlike most students and academics , though , Asimov also was a superb writer in each area and could distill the essence of his knowledge into entertaining non-fiction or fiction . Read his books regarding history of civilization or about Black Holes or about religion and I 'm sure you will appreciate his knowledge about such diverse topics and his ability to keep you awake at night reading!I 'm not saying you will agree with his every point - only that you will be exposed to a well-articulated discussion.In the Foundation series , it is clear Asimov has combined history and psychology to an extraordinary degree . The question is , was this young man of Russian birth writing of Russia 's future or was he merely writing of England 's past?You see , a great civilization has encompassed all the known world . Then , inevitably , it will begin a collapse . As in other empires , collapse begins in part due to the burdensome administrative hub -LRB- Moscow , Washington DC or London ? -RRB- , combined with a recession at a time when the outcast and downtrodden are fed up with unemployment and unfulfilled promises of a better future -LRB- Eastern Europe or the inner cities of America or Britain -RRB- . This dilemma is further exacerbated by revolutionaries and terrorists in the hinterlands.Enter Mr. Seldon . Clearly he is based on the alter ego of Asimov himself , for the man is a student of mathematics , psychology , religion and history , as well as of politics.I could write a book to dissect the brilliance of the writing and the lessons for all leaders , but will simply say that Foundation , Foundation & Empire , and Second Foundation make up my favorite all-time trilogy . No knock against Lord of the Rings intended . LOTR is terrific but not quite as good .
 The story is one of the most detailed , most thought-out stories ever . Covering more than 10.000 pages , this is the most involving story you will ever read ! Make sure to read ALL books !
 This is the best Sci-Fi ever . Asimov 's Foundation universe was the start of modern sci-fi , Star Wars & Star Trek 's ships and technology are both copied from the Foundation . This the start of the best sci-fi series ever . The Foundation trilogy is a must read . = -RRB-
 Foundation consists of five stories separated by several decades each . The Trantorian Empire has lost its hold on the outer perimeter of the galaxy . Hari Seldon , founder of the predictive science of psychohistory , knows that the Empire is doomed to collapse and that thirty millennia of barbarism and anarchy will ensue before a second empire will rise . But Seldon claims to know a way to shorten the dark ages from 30,000 years to a single millennium.The stories in Foundation chronicle the infancy and development of Seldon 's Foundation society initially established on the remote planet Terminus . Seldon 's psychohistory predicts several crises that the Foundation must survive in order to bring about the desired drastic shortening of the dark ages . Four of the five stories each describe a crisis that confronts the Foundation.So far I 've read the Robot series , the Empire series , and the first three books in the Foundation series -LRB- Prelude to Foundation , Forward the Foundation , Foundation -RRB- . I find the epic story so far to be extremely engaging and imaginative . The stories in Foundation are a bit disconnected and not fleshed out enough , but nevertheless do a more than adequate job of describing the fall of the Galactic Empire .
 This book is amazing . After waiting all these years to jump onto the Asimov train I am glad that I am finally here ; the book is thoughtful , smart , and paced wonderfully . The solutions to the Seldon problems all provoke different themes the novel wishes to convey.The book is a short easy read and if you like Sci-Fi , I recommend this book to you .
 I decided to reread the Asimov series in order . Asimov 's &#34; Foundation series &#34; novels are classics of the science fiction genre . Some of the foundation novels drag on a bit but &#34; Foundation and Empire &#34; moves along well . The Asimov style emphasizes interpersonal relationships as opposed to showcasing gee-whiz science fiction apparatus . If you like science fiction you should read the foundation series novels as they are the basis of a lot of subsequent science fiction novels . Indeed , Star Wars may have been based on the Foundation novels or at least influenced their development .
 I bought the complete series of the Foundation for my husband , because he had n't read it before . There are 7 books , not three , and I can say that Isaac Assimov is one of the great brains of the past century . His story about the History of the future is so awesome !
 I bought the complete series of the Foundation for my husband , because he had n't read it before . There are 7 books , not three , and I can say that Isaac Assimov is one of the great brains of the past century . His story about the History of the future is so awesome !
 The middle of a trilogy that should be read in sequence . Lots of great characters and ideas . Asimov is the best
 I avidly read these novels and really enjoyed them . Though they have been around for quite a while , they are still relevent !
 You will like this one . A little easier to get into than Foundation since you understand where he is going with the series now .
 This is one of the best SF novels by one of the best SF wrters . I got this to go back and reread it . After 20 years it should be as good as the first time .
 Like 1st Foundations , I had not read this one in years . It did not seam as rich as I thought I remembered it . Was glad to see a Kindle Edition so it was easy to revisit this classic .
 No matter how many times I read this book , it is impossible to get tired of it . Most definitley the best Foundation book Asimov ever wrote . Two very superb stories , which show that you do n't need a million word novel to produce a masterpiece .
 Being an avid sci-fi fan , I 've read many books of the genere , but Foundation was the first Asimov that I had read . Foundation was an amazing book , in what I imagine is an incredible series . -LRB- I have n't read the others yet ! -RRB- Asimov hooks you with a flawless story-line and personable characters , and reels you in with superb twists and turns and a way of resolving things that is limited to only his intellect . His visions of the future are as or more astounding then Orson Well 's and his story-telling ability ranks among the best . It might be a `` Seldon '' crisis if you do n't read this book . In other words if you are looking for a well crafted , enthralling , completely enjoyable novel , this is it .
 Foundation is truly one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written . Isaac Asimov 's logical , scientific , and always entertaining writing style is one-of-a-kind . Anyone who appreciates a conseravative , intelligent book will find this book to be a masterpiece . Isaac Asimov has shown himself to be a true Grand Master .
 The spectacular universe created by Issac Asimov in Foundation is excellently complemented by the second in the series . From the last gasps of the dying Galactic Empire to a threat so powerful even Hari Seldon could not forsee , this story adds to the action and drama in the history of the Foundation
 I think this book have to read for every fanatic of science fiction.Is the first of the serie and the best.Is just a classic .
 I think Isaac himself must have been a robot . No human being could possibly have such an amazing command of language . While being filled with plot twists and brilliant surprises , it still manages to let you get in deep with the characters . And if you do n't think that it 'll have enough violence , Salvor Hardin and I say `` Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent . '' This book deserves more than a ' 10 ' but that as far as ther atings will go ! Brian Duffy -LRB- duffy@datanet.ab.ca
 The Foundation novels were a great pleasureto read , and I was surprised at the detailand intelligence Asimov puts into hisbooks . Having written over 300 books ofdifferent genres , he is a scientific masterat writing , and he is considered an above-allsuperior science fiction novelist of the 20thcentury . The Foundation novels , all worksof art , are a nirvana in his ability .
 Being a Foundation nut , I have given a 10 to all of Issac Asimov 's Foundatino books . -LRB- and will probably give all his other books 10 's too -RRB- The basis behind this story is that it describes an Empire - a Galactic Empire , mind you - that seems to be the same incredible picture of strength that it had been for 12,000 years . The brilliant mathematician , Hari Seldon , developes his science of Psychohistory , a way of predicting the course of future events and discovers that the Empire is decaying and will soon collapse . He then works out a plan to place two `` Foundations '' at `` opposite ends of the galaxy '' , so that in the course of a millenium they will converge and form a new and greater Empire on the ruins of the old . The novel is sort of like a fictiona
 This is one of Asimov 's early masterpieces . However , I would not recomend it to those who like action books . This has only a little bit of action in it . The main attraction to it is the intellectual stimulation . The Galactic Empire is falling after 12,000 years . Hari Seldon realizes it and , using the science of psychohistory , the prediction of the future in broad , statistical terms , establishes two Foundations `` at opposite ends of the Galaxy '' to cushion the Fall . This , the first of the classic Foundation series to be written -LRB- though only 3rd in chronological order -RRB- , traces the early development of the First Foundation as it struggles first simply to survive in the prescence of powerful , hostile Kingdoms -LRB- which had formerly been parts of the Galactic Empire -RRB- , and then to gradual growth and domination of its area of the Galaxy , and the promise of eventually establishing a Second Galactic Empire . Not a traditional novel , but perfect if you like history , as it traces the `` historical '' development of a nation . This is the epitome of the future history genre
 A truly intriguing series that has kept me spellbound for quite a while . Of the fourteen books in the Robot , Empire , and Foundation series , I have seven of them . I just need to find the final of the Foundation series `` Foundation and Earth '' . I just wish Mr. Asimov was here to keep the series going . Each book holds your attention with the drama and suspense of what 's going to happen next . The imagination really soar 's ! Recommended for every Sci-Fi reader !
 It was my first Asimov book , and I ca n't stop to read all of his books about Fundation and Robots . I think , it is Epic . It is not a fast-read book , it has little dialogs , but it is great ! .
 I do not read science fiction , generally , but Asimov 's fantastic tale of the future was so accesible , so fascinating and original , that it just blew me away and before I knew it I was hooked on the series . OK , OK , it 's kinda dated ; some characters are caught using `` the futuristic version of the slide rule '' and there are apparently no women at work on the Foundation Product , and EVERYTHING is powered by nuclear energy , but cut Ike some slack ! This was the 50s , after all ... Anyway , the series gets far more ... progressive ... as it goes along . And , to me anyway , the dated bits were more amusing than anything else . Anyway ... in a genre convoluted by over-used lasers , aliens , and so on , Asmiov 's FOUNDATION stands out as a story about the evolution of humanity . You do n't have to be a sci-fi fan to enjoy this series , just a humanitarian . This is one of those books that should be long to everyone 's private library !
 If you think you might even possibly like science fiction , this is a must read book !
 This is my favorite American Sci-fi . There are almost none of the crudities of most other American sci-fi . I prefer the Foundation and the first novella of Second Foundation to the latter half of the trilogy ; Asimov grew a little tired of his main theme as he progressed , although he still has some memorable scenes , such as the description of Rossem . The French translation of this is itself a classic , and irons out Asimov 's occasional ` mass-market ' juvenilic elements into a very high level of literate expression . But the English is far from bad to begin with , and has , if not a Gibbonian , at least an H.G. Wellsian flavor . Asimov 's later Foundation novels are far below the three volumes of the Foundation trilogy proper . They resemble the common run of American sci-fi - aimless plots , flavorless language , etc. . I am always puzzled that some people do n't think Asimov has convincing characters . Who remembers , or cares , about the characters of a Heinlein or Clarke ? But Asimov has at least a dozen characters that are known to every sci-fi fan . Asimov possesses a masculine vigor of language and an episodical manner of imagination that pleases me very much .
 The best example around of Asimov 's work . It is intellectual , interesting , and just plain entertaining . reading it , you can feel the danger that the fledgeling Foundation is in when threatened by its aggeressive neighbors and there are unconventional solutions . I have only two complaints . The book is dated and there is little action . Get past those and you 're sure to enjoy the book .
 One of the problems with the original Foundation was that Asimov seemed unsure of where he wanted to go . However , in Foundation and Empire , he finds his way . The story of the Mule is pure genious . With psychic powers being a cliche in SF today , it is hard for the modern reader to appreciate . The part when the Mule 's identity is revealed gave me chills , even the second time .
 I really liked this book , but I want to give you some warnings about my tastes & what I found odd about it . First I used to read history books for fun & sometimes I still do . Second there were absolutely no female characters in this one . This struck me as bizarre then & it still does -LRB- by the way I 'm a male & most definitely not a feminist -RRB- The later foundation books , especially those written in the 80 's & 90 's , are better characterized & women are much better characterized . Also this is a 1940 's view of the future . That does n't mean it 's dated -LRB- are Dumas or Poe dated ? -RRB- it just means you have to put it in context . Why did I like it then ? My love of history , the ideas , the grandness , & unrepentant sentimentality . I think if I read it again I might not like it as much , but the memory of it 's great . If you know a teenager reading star trek books do what my dad did & give them this .
 I have read every book in the Foundation Series . The First must be read to fully appreciate all the others , but the best one in the series is Foundation and Earth . It 's so unfortunate that the publishers who do n't have the rights to this novel in the series do n't include it in their lists .
 I have read 5 of the 7 foundation books . I find this one to be the least enjoyable , but I still consider it a classic . While Asimov 's writing style improved over the years , Foundation is still a great read . Psychohistory is such an interesting idea , that it makes one think if it is possible . Although the books get better as the publishing years increase , the first one is still a great one . One note , though . Asimov 's style of `` action '' here is not excellent , so be forewarned . Personally , I find his Robot series more enjoyable , but Foundation is still one of the best series ever written . I would give 4.5 stars , but unfortunately I cant .
 This is a traditional Catholic study guide book of the Mass of the Angels.The book , though primarily for teachers and suchlike , might very well today do as a text book . Because so much has been lost or is just not taught anymore . It is so well written , and so full of quiet inspiration that a good deal of it could be used for reading aloud in church on suitable occasions.Altogether - quite a find !
 This remains a remarkable book despite its age -LRB- first edition 1970 -RRB- . It was written in a time when Afghanistan was the most developed country in Central Asia , and still a popular destination on the hippy trail.Nancy Dupree is one of the leading American authorities on Afghanistan . She has traveled and worked on archaeological excavations in the country since the 1950s . Her guide contains some excellent historical discussions about the numerous monuments and colorful cities of Afghanistan . It is impressively well-researched and documented . The section dealing with the Jam Minaret is particularly interesting ; as are those devoted to Nuristan and the now destroyed Buddhas of Bamiyan . As you might expect , much of the statistics and logistical information she provides are today obsolete . However , the itineraries described are still of some value.The principal strength of this book resides in its social and cultural depictions of the Afghan people . Clearly , Dupree knows the Afghans intimately and loves their country . She is also an accomplished anthropologist , and does a great job of presenting their ethnic diversity and cultural richness in a simple and concise format . How amazing it is that 30 years of war have not managed to eradicate the fabulous heritage of this beautiful country!I frequently refer to this book if I need to check up on Afghan history or culture , and would heartily recommend it to anyone with an interest in Afghanistan .
 To say that a guide book on Afghanistan written in the 1970s is out of date should be an uncontroversial statement , but it 's one that does n't quite hold for this work . Although the terrain has changed since then , mostly human but sometimes quite literally the landscape as well , it likely still remains one of the most complete and interesting works looking at Afghanistan on a local level . The book frequently has interesting historical tidbits about otherwise rarely discussed parts of Afghanistan , and its period actually lends it some interesting perspective on Afghan-Soviet cooperation in projects across the country .
 This is a gem of , a wonder of , a book . Nothing meets Trinidad 's careful eye without sizzling in it or turning 360 degrees until spun and respun into gold . That 's , yes , the Midas touch , which our poor tired cultural icons and ephemera sorely need . Only Trinidad could grace Marilyn Monroe with a crown of sonnets or set model trains chugging on their perfect couplet tracks . It 's like Christmas morning in your mind -- only better . Because this one can be enjoyed over and over without getting worn out -- the profound play here is married with a depth that rewards rereading . Indulge !
 A poem written from the perspective of a Cairn Terrier , a player in Clue , a Chatty Cathy doll -- this fun and consistently engaging collection is gratifying for its originality and surprises . Accessible and smart , this book finds depth beneath the gloss of pop culture . Trinidad 's poems will appeal to all .
 This is the one of the few books of poetry I 've read that actually means something ! Discovering this has really changed the way I think about verse and books in general . The best thing about it ? NOT boring . I 'm so sick of the innocuous , adjectival , over-written , meaningless poems in so many journals and `` literary '' magazines of our time . David Trinidad is smart -- read for pure pleasure , and then read again and look for the subtle tricks and talent he employs to make these poems truly great art ! Truly fresh , too . No one else is writing about our tarnished culture like Trinidad . He is truly unique , and like I said , the best compliment I can give is that this book is not a bore -- something that 98 % of all books of poetry these days are ! Thank you Mr. Trinidad ! You 've got me reading and enjoying poetry again !
 I was given a copy of this book as a Chirstmas gift . I had heard of Trinidad before , even read his last book Answer Song , a friend had it . Plasticville renewed my interest in reading poetry . The work is fresh , plain , clean -- and while Trinidad can sometimes be a rigid formalist the material lightens the load . Having become bored with much contemporary American poetry , Trinidad 's Plasticville helped to renew my interest . From the pop-culture material to the more intimate , domestic stuff -LRB- written in the voice of his dog ! -RRB- , Trinidad 's Plasticville is refreshing , well-written , and a pleasure to read . So smart , so engaging , I ca n't wait to read what he does next .
 Good stuff from the great freedom fighter . Rarely known texts are included with the famous `` Narrative . '' `` The Condition of the Freedmen '' , a look at African-Americans 20 years after the end of slavery , provide some sobering thoughts for American Blacks today . `` The Heroic Slave '' tells the little-known true story of Madison Washington , who led a slave ship called `` The Creole '' into freedom in 1841 . I would also recommend `` The frederick Doulgass Reader '' and `` The Life and Times of Frederick Doulgass '' to make your `` Dougology '' complete !
 fantastic investigative reporting with compelling analysis . as easy to read as a good spy thriller and as informative as a good textbook . valuable reading for anyone interested in Japanese finance and the relationship between bureaucrats , politicians , and business.read the first chapter on amazon.com and you 'll be hooked .
 The entangling bureaucracy that keeps a chokehold on Japan is exposed at last ! I doubt if the Japanese Ministry of Finance wants you to read this one ! Hartcher not only exposes how the bureaucracy works but also explains why Japan will always face an uphill battle until it is conquered . An excellent look at the ceremonial democracy that manages Japan !
 Very informative , very revealing , very insightful!Hartcher leaves no stone unturned in his mission to detail the power base assembled at the Ministry .
 A book for true `` Crow '' fans . Sure , this book has many similarities to the awesome movies and graphic novels , but it is also very original in other spots . My only complaint was that it was too short and they did n't give me enough Arcanoi to play with . Oh well ...
 One of my favorite supplements I have seen from White Wolf in a long time . Its so simple its brilliant . The Risen can even pass for vampires in a Vampire chronicle .
 I have done a review of this game product on youtube . On that channel just type in the full book title followed by woodwwad & you 'll find my review . Also , you can feel free to pm me any questions you have about this book .
 While selecting books for an elementary school gifted and talented program , I think I scanned virtually every book of Greek mythology that has been published . I selected this book for my program as the most interesting and readable book . Alice Low writes in a clear style and systematically introduces the Greek gods and heroes while also making references to the other stories . Too many books on this topic are written in old-fashioned language that discourages the reader . Most other books fail to link the various stories to one another , leaving the reader feeling a bit disjointed . Low interweaves the tales , which gives a smooth narrative flow . The fact that 10-year-old children became enthusiastic about Greek mythology demonstrates the value of this book .
 When one is trying to get a basic overall grasp of Greek mythology , it can be an overwhelming and formidable subject , and one can be at a loss for the best place to start . Most books I 've found either give too much detail too fast or else are hit-and-miss selections that do n't give a very comprehensive introduction . If that 's been your experience too , this book could be an excellent solution to your problem . It gives a highly readable thorough introduction without overwhelming you with details . As an introduction to or review of Greek mythology , it is therefore highly recommendable . Although probably aimed primarily at children , I suppose grown-ups too , if not already expert on the subject , wo n't find it too elementary .
 This book has great myths . At first , it seems boring , but soon your eyes will be glued onto the pages . It is a wonderful book to share around to your classmates and teachers . Each story has a morel that teaches you well on a situation . I recommend this to people around the teens .
 This book is a great resource book . Not only for young readers but for anyone who want to know the most significant stories in Greek Mythology . This book makes a good basic reference for any history class . Anyone can learn easily from this book because it is easy to read , yet you receive a lot of information . It also includes colorful illustrations that giulds the reader through.This book includes sections such as
 I purchased this book for my 9 year old son as a companion book to several astronomy and constellation guides he requested for his birthday . He completely devoured it in three days - the illustrations are bold and the stories are dramatic/gruesome enough to capture his interest -LRB- without being too horrible or nightmare-inducing -RRB- . We are finding that knowing a bit about the legends behind the constellations makes stargazing that much more enjoyable . I would recommend this book for boys and girls 8-10 years old , although I admit I enjoyed reading it , too !
 My children -LRB- ages 5-10 -RRB- love this book . I have also read from this book to hospitalized teenagers ; when I read Oedipus I finished the story and heard a chorus of `` read it again ! `` I noticed that some of the reviews posted here say that this book is unsuitable for children , but I wonder if the reviewers actually tried reading the book to them .
 My seven-year-old daughter loves this book . The language and illustrations are just right for a first introduction to this subject , but not babyish at all . We are taking turns reading each story . She thinks it 's like a soap opera .
 Greek Gods and Heroes is one of the better books on mythology for children out thare , with great pictures and easy to understand stories that people of all ages can enjoy . As a child it was my favorite book in the school library and I checked it out over and over again . It is a must have for any fan of the greek gods and the myths about them .
 This book was fun to read . I question the accuracy of some of the tales , as they differ slightly from other versions I have read . However , it is good , light reading and it covers nearly all of the major Greek gods and heros . The reading level is pretty low which allows for maximum retention of the important plot points , rather than requiring the reader to filter through all the language to get to the point . Great bedtime reading material
 I took a college World Mythology course over the summer and my 5 and 7 year olds were interested in the pictures in my textbooks . Striking whilethe iron was hot , so to speak , I ordered them this book to study along with mom . It was fun for me to read as well as enjoying and understandable for them . This book was a great choice .
 `` Get Busy Beaver ! '' is a book with an interesting lesson written by Carolyn Crimi and with extremely cute and pleasing illustrations by Janie Bynum . In this story , Thelonious Beaver 's family is all in `` hurry , hurry , hurry '' mode to get their dam built , and built big . Well , all except for Thelonious himself , that is . Thelonious just ca n't seem to get into it . It 's not really that he 's lazy or anything , it 's just that he keeps getting distracted by other things . He stops to watch clouds , to watch the leaves float by , or watch the winking of the fireflies . He 's in love with nature -- a dreamer -- but the other beavers are so busy with the dam that they ca n't seem to appreciate the beauty that 's all around them.Meanwhile , work on the dam continues . It 's like it 's never done , because it is n't just about their family . They 're also in competition with the beavers across the way and so their dam is never good enough . While they slave away , Thelonious gets an idea . It 's something that 's going to turn everything on its ear , but also something really special . `` Get Busy Beaver '' is a wonderful story in a time when many could use a lesson in slowing down and taking the time to enjoy the world . It 's not preachy or plodding -- it 's just a wonderful little story . Get busy -- read this book now -- either on your own or with kids is fine .
 Not a bad children 's story that tells about how you can be working when you are thinking . If you are trying to teach a kid who is lazy to work-don ' t get this . If you are trying to tell a kid who thinks a lot and then produces wonderful items that it is a good thing-buy this !
 Works of criticism are not my normal fare , as I rarely listen to critics of any stripe , but I do make an exception for those pieces that refer to Heinlein , as I have consistently felt that he has never gotten the deep analysis that he deserves , and what little has been done has been sloppy and wrong-headed . In my opinion , for a critical work to be worth spending money on , it must provide the following :1 . New insights into the internal structure and meaning of the work in question .2 . A good exposition of palpably discernable influences .3 . Valid comparisons to other works in the same milieu .4 . If applicable to the work in question , an investigation into the chronology of its writing and interrelationship with the author 's life .5 . An analysis of what the author did right and what did n't work.How does this work stack up in light of these requirements?As a starting point , this work decides that the main structure of Stranger in a Strange Land is satire , which can work under different rules than , say , a novel of manners , romance , or confession , in terms of plot , character , and a host of other factors . As one of the main elements of satire is irony , most of this work is involved in identifying specific instances of this . The authors definitively point out that much of the book depends on sets of -LRB- apparently -RRB- polar opposites
 This book has opend up my eyes . Robert Frost is in my mind one of the best potes in the world .
 The Eastern Sierra is an excellent , but underappreciated area to ski . The cold east side has fresher snow than the western side of the Sierra . However , since there 's only one main road -LRB- 395 -RRB- and few passes open in winter , it 's not visited a lot.The book covers 78 tours in 184 pages in the Eastern Sierra/Owens Valley area from Bridgeport -LRB- N. of Mono Lake -RRB- south to Bishop Creek . This includes the Mammoth area and Rock Creek area , both with developed and backcountry XC ski areas.It 's a great book , but I wish it had an index . The Tioga Pass area could use more coverage . But what it does cover still makes it a terrific guidebook !
 This is an excellent guide for the freshwater fisherman . Not only is the content helpful , the pictures are beautiful . A great Christmas gift idea for any fisherman/woman .
 We are new to the land of 10,000 lakes and I wanted to get my husband a gift to introduce him to the sport of fishing . After exhaustive checking , I found The Ultimate Guide to Freshwater Fishing to be the most complete . An added bonus , the photos are stunning . I may even wet a line !
 This is a great book both technically and practically . It read like a novel and I had a difficult time putting it down !!! In adddition , it is beautiful - what a great gift for the angler you know !!!
 Beautiful and very helpful book for both the experienced and novice fishermen . Great pictures really make the book user friendly . Would make a great gift .
 I live in NH and just started freshwater fishing for the first time . I went from knowing nothing to gaining some great info on what gear to buy -LRB- and not to buy -RRB- , cold water vs warm water fishing , fish species and lake conditions . There were several helpful pages for techniques for fishing either on a boat or from the shore.The only down side that was not covered -LRB- thus 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- . Was fish cleaning and keeping , and how to do proper catch and release on different species.Good book overall that covers a rather large amount of ground .
 This is a great reference book , especially for beginners . Contains tips that experienced anglers will find very useful . Though no one book will have all the answers one seeks , this one helped with a good chunk of mine . A must have and a steal for the price .
 This book is very informative on almost all freshwater fish species . There is n't to great of detail on each species , but its enough to get you started . I looked into this book for bluegill , trout , bass , and pike fishing tactics . The book gave me somewhere to start but still left me needing to know some more . Its not bad to get the necessary background info .
 To keep this short and sweet if your considering ordering this book then order it because that means you most likely need it , either which way novice or pro this book will teach everyone who loves to fish a thing or two , and if you are a novice then this book will teach you all you need to know to get you going strong in the fishing world ! Like it so much I am buyung one or two more as gifts ! better then 5 stars
 I 've owned this book for months and I just logged onto Amazon to buy this book as a gift for a friend in Minneapolis who is convalesing . While the other reviews are all dated suspiciously close to one another , and almost sound like advertisements by family members of the author -LRB- s -RRB- , I can independently attest to its excellence.I live in the Chicago suburbs and have a fishing cabin in Red Lake , Ontario , so you 'd think I 'd know something about fishing . The truth is I have the rest of my lifetime to learn and this book is a tremendous resource to that end.It does read like novel , and gives great explanation and rationale for why to use certain equipment for certain conditions and species of fish . And each pictures is worth a 1000 words.If you were to purchase only one book for fishing North America , in my experience , this should be it .
 I thought the book was very informative and easy to understand . I highly recommend this booking to anyone who likes to fish .
 A really terrific and very comprehensive digest of everything the freshwater fisherman needs to know to find and catch lots of big fish . Would make a fabulous gift for any fisherman . Lots of pictures make the book a very entertaining read .
 The `` guide '' utilizes a combination of expert information with colorful , descriptive pictures to separate the text from most other fishing resources .
 Great book for beginner and experienced fishermen alike . Format makes it easy to find specific topics of interest and excellent photography helps illustrate important fishing tips .
 I really like the designs in this book - just as good if not better than the previous Adorable Knits -LRB- which I am also a fan of -RRB- . I 've knitted the Baby Snuggly and it turned out great , so I do n't know what went wrong for the other reviewer . I know some of the patterns do have corrections to them but they 're available from Hamlyn , the UK publisher -LRB- email info-ho@hamlyn.co.uk -RRB- .
 I bought this book after buying Adorable Knits for Tiny Tots and knitting several items from that book . From this one I have made the teddy , the cloud pillow and am about 70 % of the way through the kaleidoscope blanket -LRB- I decided that knitting 49 squares was too much like hard work and so adapted the pattern to be knit all in one go on a circular needle - its going well but maybe the squares would have been easier ! -RRB- . My knitting friend has also made the dolly with fabulous results . With the exception of the cloud pillow I have substituted local yarns with no problems . the only problem I have had was with yarn quantities - The cloud pillow called for six balls of expensive Rowan yarn , which was more that enough for two pillows . I plan to knit the star and moon blanket and the kitty cat jumper next . This is a lovely book with plenty of fabulous patterns .
 I am still quite new to knitting but I have been trying to build up my library for inspiration . If you have or know a little boy or girl I would highly recommend this book as an addition to your own library . The patterns appear to be relatively simple but are really lovely and original . The author has included a bit of everything ; clothing , toys , and some really adorable decorative items for a child 's room . This year I think I may try the play cubes for my son and perhaps next year for Christmas I will make him the puppet theatre . Sometimes I have a hard time finding a book that has a variety of patterns that would be appropriate for a boy and I was very pleased to find that this book has several patterns that would work for my son like the adorable 1-2-3 sweater . I 'm very pleased to have purchased this book . I only gave the book a four out of five stars because I have n't yet worked the patterns and also because I noticed that the pattern for the play cubes is not really specific about what to fill them with ... which overall is a very small thing but I feel worth noting .
 When somthing is worthy of remembering bought and shared with my kids . These kind of books will always be a gift for all their lives .
 Please note - This is the Get Writing ! Activity book -LRB- which follows the set 5 Yellow Storybooks -RRB- If you buy this directly from Oxford Press , it is 8pound 40 , for a pack of 10 ! So , it 's a lot cheaper buying directly . It 's an excellent resource - but not at this price
 This was the best lexicographical resource for Hopi at the time of its publication , and it is still the best for this price , but buyers should note the caveat in the introduction
 I need some phrases and basic words
 I need some phrases and basic words
 This book is a thorough and gentle explanation of the how the process of forgiveness works , and how completeness in our own lives -LRB- we who have been hurt and need to forgive the person -LRB- s -RRB- who hurt us -RRB- can be attained through the five stages of forgiveness . It is also a gentle and compassionate explanation of how hurts affect the various aspects of our lives . Linn 's format is easy to read and to understand . A must for anyone 's bookshelf .
 This book helps one to understand the stages they must go through in order to forgive someone who has wronged them along with helping them understand that God did not put them through this to hurt them . Instead it should make them a stronger person once they forgive the one who has wronged them along with growing closer to God .
 After my parent 's deaths I saw God dealing with humanity from a distance . I accepted the fact that God 's grace helped us through tough times but since God did not heal my parents why would He heal anyone else . This incredible book helped me realize that in the four gospels Christ healed , He did not make anyone sick . It helped bring me closer to a healing God . It also talks about healing through the Eucharist which is important to me as a Catholic.This book also uses sound psychological concepts to help a person heal both physical and emotional hurts . The five stages of healing have helped me address hurts from long ago and physical problems I am dealing with at this very moment . This is a special book .
 This book , based on Kuebler Ross five stages of death & dying , is a wonderful way to work through life 's hurts , giving us permission to take our anger , pain , bargaining , to God in prayer & allow Him to show us how to stop letting the past continue to hurt us in the present . The section on the unconditional love of Christ is healing in its presentation . I have used it over & over & have loaned this book out to my friends in need .
 While pondering the meaning of cancer in my dad 's life -LRB- it killed him -RRB- I mentioned in l980 to a fellow visiting nurse that I thought there was a psychological component . She said , `` Of course . Go buy this book . '' I ran to the bookstore and have been deeply indebted to the Linns ever since . This amazing book is a brilliant application of Christian concepts to psychology , and vice versa . Ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 First off , this book explains how Jesus healing ministry really worked . His healing was not some show off magic trick , and irrelevant today . Jesus healing power is very much alive , and scientifically legitimate . This would be great for advancements on holistic health . The book has accurate evidence of how fostering your mental and spiritual health can bring about physical healing.Secondly , this book is good for Christian counseling too . Unfortunately there are hosts of Christian counseling programs who act anything but Chritian . Unfortunately many programs have used the whole counseling based on fear , shame and guilt to get us on the right path . All this really does is promote hatred of oneself , unnecessary anxiety , and depression . With this form of Christian counseling , we are to truly get in touch with God , and ourselves in a loving matter . Instead of fear of divine retribution , we are introduced to Gods love for us . Instead of shame for our sins , we are told to love ourselves , which motivates us to overcome our sins . We are also given a blueprint on how to work through our sufferings , not wallow in them . We understand that pain is not used as a penalty , but as a source for good.Thirdly , this also has some good tips for secular psychology . I have found with pop psychology , pain and suffering are seen as evil , and should be avoided at all costs . All this does is mask the problems , or make it impossible to get past . Too often , psychologists want to analyze the problem , and try to rationalize the whole problem , without acknowledging and working throught the pain . This book shows that it is okay to suffer , and to work through our burdens . In fact , most world religions teach redemption and maturity through our sufferings.This book offers a good middle ground for both secular and religious psychology . We dont need legalistic guilt of `` Jesus paid the price for sins , now its your turn '' , or the hip `` Come on get happy '' fake psychology . We are essentially shown that Jesus came to us to enter into our sufferings , and his passion was a sign of his assistance in our sufferings .
 Shadrach who ?? This book provides amazing insight into the experiences of an unlikely hero whose story should be taught in grade school . A terrific amount of information condensed into a readable , enjoyable package -- I can not imagine how difficult it must have been for the author to gather such little-known information . I only regret that I had n't known the book or its main character years ago .
 It 's hard to imagine how much work went into the research of this book . To find the details and documentation is mind consuming . The story puts flesh and blood onto a part of history that was forgotten and lived only in bits and pieces . Truly the work of a dedicated individual .
 A wonderful , relavant novel.Betty Cavanna truly understands youth.I highly recommend all her books for girls ages 11 and up.In this one , a teen girl goes to her mother 's friends ' ranch for the summer because her dad is ill and her mom is busy working all the time . She learns a lot about horses , but more importantly she learns how to get along with peers that come from a different background than her.Cavanna 's books do n't have any sex or violence in them . I highly recommend teachers and school librarians buy them while they can still find them . I hope her books come back in print someday , especially this one as well as Going On Sixteen .
 Any book you see on Voodoo today , is either talking about Santeria or Haitian Voodou . Even the `` New Orleans Voodoo Tarot '' is mostly Voodoo from OUTSIDE of New Orleans . Here you will find the most mature research on Marie Laveau , which is worth the modest price of this book , alone . But you also get history that you will not find anywhere else . Tales of an entire lineage of conjure men and root doctors , the real heart of Louisiana Hoodoo . This book introduces you to men like Doctor Koku , Rooster , Papa Melon , Don Pedro and many others . If you want to see both sides of the New Orleans Voodoo coin , this is the only book that pulls back all the curtains of it 's history .
 I really do n't understand the negative reviews of this book at all . Even Anne Rice recommends it and what better recommendation about voodoo history in New Orleans can you get than Anne Rice !?! Yes , the story is old , but it 's a fantastic look of the smaller details of a hidden culture . I love New Orleans , and Tallant 's book is well researched . Why do you think it 's been reprinted since the 1940s . That 's staying power , people . The history of Marie Lavaeu is worth the money . This is not a book to tell you how to practice voodoo or to give you a romanticized version of the religion . This is a book which tells the evolution of a special society within a very special city . Now excuse me while I go fetch another praline ! Buy it . It 's a great read . -LSB- From a person who knows and loves New Orleans and hoodoo too ! -RSB-
 I really enjoyed this book although there were no `` secrets of voodoo '' revealed . Shows a lot of intriguing information about Marie Laveau and Doctor John . I would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in the history of voodoo .
 '' ~ This is an older book but you will find it 's still very informative . There 's plenty of stuff about Marie Laveau but they talk about other historical figures , too . The stuff on Dr. John , who you do n't hear much about in other books , is particularly interesting . '' ~ focusing on these days .
 I could n't put this book down . It was originally published in the late 40 's early 50 's and the writing reflects this but it is so interesting . The book is full of historical anecdotes , newspaper reporting , other references . I have visited New Orleans five times pre-Katrina and I so very much wish I had read this book before going . I love New Orleans for it 's marvelous blend of cultures and history . This book also communicates the struggle of Black Americans with mixed heritage . Their genius , strength and determination that is a huge part of American culture . It was a fascinating and enjoyable read .
 I should preface by saying that I do not know much about VooDoo . However , from what I have gleaned so far , this book is unusual in that it gives first-person accounts of VooDoo that date back to the late 19th and early 20th century . Those who urge us to read other , perhaps more `` accurate '' accounts of VooDoo , seem to be referring to books which have been written far more recently , such as within the last 20 years . This book was first published in 1944 and thus has the advantage of being able to include accounts and testimony of those who actually encountered `` Marie II '' , aka the daughter of the original VooDoo Queen of NEw Orleans , Marie Laveau.The descriptions of VooDoo given in this book are not flattering . VooDoo rituals are invariably described as involving the sacrifice of live animals , sometimes done in a cruel or beastly fashion , such as when live animals are torn apart by human teeth
 Regardless of what anyone feels about this book , it is a time stamp in Hoodoo history . The man needs credit for attending Hoodoo meetings and facing up to the Queen 's of the time for interview requests . It answers some questions and opens big cans of worms with others , some parts are of course folk tales but it leaves many doors open to speculation on a few serious points about Hoodoo & The Original Voodoo Queens of New Orleans .
 Tallant is the go-to author for the real inside story , told in the words of participant-observers , of Voudun or Voodoo , as it was and is really practiced in New Orleans . Biographies of Marie LaVeaux , Br John Creux , Jump Sturdy , and all the rollicking 19th/20th century gang of wizards , rascals and colorful characters who made magic and mischief in Nawlins . Lots of fun , but also serious ethnography .
 I 've come to rely on historical references that were written long before the contemporary Political Correctness took hold of the American mindset.A book written during or before the 50s is almost like reading the observations of an alien culture.Tallant , during the late 40s , was able to separate the races into their distinct personalities without being persecuted for racism , and this book , Voodoo in New Orleans , gives a better picture of the true interaction of the races at the level of basic humanity -- desires , needs , sexuality , and theology -- than anything you can read by a modern author . The first paragraph in page eleven puts the proper perspective to the changes that brought about the end of slavery
 Mr. Tallant was a life long resident of Louisiana . The Voodoo In New Orleans is a history of American Voodoo from the slave days of Marie Lavaue up until the 1940 's ... and before Voodoo became commercialized and watered down with New Age beliefs for tourists . Far from being `` old and silly '' , the book gives an accuarte picture of Voodoo and the people who pratice it . Some people will be disapointed to find out `` flying devil oil '' is really just red pepper and olive oil , but the author did n't write a `` spellbook '' to promote superstition . The book is a very accurate and detailed look at Voodoo . Buy It !
 I do not know where Mr. Tallant obtained the information on voodoo and Marie Laveau , but it is the most reliable . I would consider myself fortunate just to speak to this man . I try to conduct research on the subject , and have found much , still not anything compared to Robert Tallant . I like to retrieve the gris gris mentioned in his books , and would like to have more .
 This new book on the process of photogravure is very well done . It 's basic technique is very similar to Deli Sacilotto 's now out of print -LRB- and almost impossible to find -RRB- book . However , Morris and MacCallum have added many useful hint and detailed steps . They have also included a wealth of step by step photographs , and a trouble shooting section at the end of each chapter . With all the variables that can -LRB- and always do -RRB- creep into the photogravure process , these trouble shooting sections could be very useful . Photogravure is a very complicated process , but , as the title of this book suggests , it should help to sort out a lot of the mystery . This is the most useful book I have read on photogravure , and , heck , it 's the only one in print right now !
 This book is very detailed , technical and complex . If you 're seriously considering exploring the photogravure technique on copper , this book is a must . It tells you everything you will ever need and all the complicated steps in the process . However , there are few historical or contemporary photogravure reproductions which is why this book gets only a four star rating from this reviewer . If you are seriously considering the photogravure process as one you would like to explore , I recommend starting with solar plates rather than copper . It is much less complicated and toxic . A very good resource is `` Printmaking in the Sun '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- by Dan Welden , inventor of this method .
 This is the most modern and comprehensive book on photogravure . Many of the old manuals talk about suppliers that do n't exist or use obsolete technical terms.This is an incredibly complicated process , so do n't expect to buy this book and start making photogravures in a couple of days . That being said if you have time , space , equipment , and money this book will walk you through the process of photogravure.I 've managed to make a few passable photogravures , and I 'm getting better with every attempt !
 What we have to remember about the anthropology books from the 1950s is that most of the information is objective based off of the anthropologist lives . So yes , Mead is very detailed and slightly biased because she has her own personal -LRB- western -RRB- views . However , this book is a link from gender-essentialism to modern views of how we see the male and female sexes as they exist today.Long and detailed read - YesGreat understanding of Male and Female Sexes - Not updated but good overall.Subjective / Objective ratio - great for her time , sightly different now . -LRB- Read with an objective mindset and consider when this was published -RRB- Margaret Mead - Must Know person when dealing with gender and anthropology .
 Everyons should read M. Mead 's research . Her research explains many issues that remain current topics of contention .
 This fascinating look into the world of developing and growing economies emphasises the LCD 's inverted `` u '' shaped curve of Economic growth . Although written in 1954 this work is seen as the seminal study in the field of developmental economics and was the key factor in securing W. Arthur Lewis 's Knighthood in 1963 , and Nobel Prize for Economics in 1979 .
 Travelling is more of a attitude , a way of life rather than staying in a different place for a few days.The author and his wife manage to maintain such exploring spirit and embrace what the city has to offer . And the great part is that you can still have fun even when you do not like it . I read this book before I visit New Orleans and it is resourceful to provide some materials to impress your knowledge of New Orleans . That is always welcome . And the author tells the stories light and relaxed . You can have a good time reading it .
 The set-up was a little weird and random but the writing was excellent . It was fun to read .
 I received a copy of Letters from New Orleans a little over a month before Hurricane Katrina blew in . Rob Walker and his girlfriend moved from New York to New Orleans and found them in a whole different world . Unlike many modern municipalities which have interchangeable commerce , social settings , government , and seem to be cookie cutter cities , New Orleans is its own world . Life has a slower pace , rules are more relaxed , and the good life is not reserved only for the wealthy -LRB- though it helps -RRB- . Photos without the book add flavor and illustrate that often content is more valued than appearance . Walker highlights some of the gems of the city , the music , the traditions , the food , the welcoming atmosphere along with the political corruption , everyday crime , and devil may care city planning . Walker and E do n't hesitate to immerse themselves in daily life . This is a book rich in description and the author shows a real affection for the people and city , despite its quirks . Not only do I reread this from time to time , I have given several copies to friends .
 Rob Walker may use his day job as a New York Times Magazine Columnist to support himself , but with the publication of LETTERS FROM NEW ORLEANS he clearly steps into the arena of fine writers whose messages stand solidly on their own . This collection of shared letters via email does not come across as yet another Blog site , but instead reveals a writer of sensitivity of observation , calm excitement of discovery , and an artist who can enter a space apparently foreign to him and make it not only his experience but also that of his reader.This too short book covers a period of time when Walker moved to New Orleans and adapted to the idiosyncrasies of that magical city in daily exploration of its peculiar wonders . With his companion ` E ' he attends a New Orleans church service -LRB- as the only white people present -RRB- and learns to appreciate the gospel singing , the attire and the unconditional love that pours from the congregation ; he dresses for Carnivale and participates in the traditions of bead throwing and costuming that have only been images in films and photos ; he takes us on a journey through the celebration of a New Orleans funeral - which is anything but morose - and teaches us about the ` cemeteries ' of tombs above ground in this city below sea level ; he ponders on the traditions of firing guns into the sky to celebrate most any event ; he explores the famous ` St James Infirmary ' of song fame , sharing the origins of the place and the myths ; and he mixes with the people in this city of poverty of pocketbook but wealth of mind.Reading Rob Walker could be experienced as a prelude -LRB- or postlude -RRB- to appreciating the art of Tennessee Williams and the Jazz Greats . His technique in writing is to keep it simple and observational , and in doing so he raises his writing to the level of poetry - succinct with themes and variations that always return us to the spirit of one of America 's most treasured cities . Highly recommended reading . Grady Harp , February 08
 Rob Walker 's LETTERS FROM NEW ORLEANS is part travelogue , part memoir with a little social commentary thrown in for good measure . According to the introduction , this book grew out of actual letters he began writing to friends after he and a girl friend identified only as `` E '' moved to New Orleans in early 2000 . Four years later the couple left the city `` for reasons that remain unclear . '' Since they at first were not meant for publication , perhaps that is why these meandering letters are so wondrously conversational and totally unself-conscious . To a letter , they are a delight to read and made me want to revisit this most European of U. S. cities.Mr . Walker covers some of the subjects usuallly associated with New Orleans
 I 've collected dozens of books about New Orleans , all in an attempt to further my understanding of the mysterious love affair so many of us have with the Crescent City.In `` Letters From New Orleans , '' Walker examines his own love affair by crafting slice-of-life vignettes shot through with the kind of colors and detail that make the reader want to tumble right down the rabbit hole with him.Walker gets gets off Bourbon Street and gets real . `` Letters From New Orleans '' is personal and yet has wonderful , broad appeal owing to Walker 's skill as a writer and storyteller . One need not have lived there or even visited to enjoy this book , but those who have had the pleasure of New Orleans , will be further delighted -LRB- and educated -RRB- . It left me wanting more . I 've read it three times ; I 'll read it again.As for books about New Orleans , this little gem is a huge must . It captures the wackiness , the peculiarities , the enchantment and the `` je ne sais quoi '' that makes this American city unlike all the others . Rob Walker is donating the proceeds to hurricane relief efforts , which makes reading it even sweeter .
 It may have taken a hurricane for Rob Walker 's `` Letters from New Orleans '' to get the attention it deserves , but if anything uplifting came out of Katrina , it 's this book . New Orleans , as he deftly observes , is a place that tosses tradition up in the air , lets it crash back to earth and institutionalizes the wreckage . Where else could wacky traditions like jazz funerals or house burnings along the levee as a Christmas Eve celebration come from ? Walker digs beneath the banality of Mardi Gras , Bourbon Street and Girls Gone Wild to expose the city 's heart -- its people , from fringe to establishment , with the fresh eye of a rapt outsider . It 's the best book I 've read about New Orleans in a long , long time -- and I live here .
 There are those kinds of fans of New Orleans -LRB- see review below -RRB- who lack the ability to see beyond the tourist-ridden cliches and preconceived ideas of stumbles through the French Quarter and the local hangover eats of their frat boy reminiscences . They can not conceive of New Orleans as anything but a theme park with a 10 song Jazz soundtrack loop , populated by grinning , drunken , performing stereotypes , doing things that you 're apt to see in a marketing video for the city . This book is not for them.There is of course , nothing wrong with sucking crawfish heads or red beans and rice , or all the bars everybody already knows about . It 's just that Walker realizes there 's nothing new to say about these things , and chooses to look beyond the obvious.This beautiful , thoughtful collection is produced by a writer with the imagination and intelligence to see past the prepackaged notions of a city that is so much richer , funkier and more interesting than a buggy ride through the French Quarter , funny costumes , and an appreciation for a few quirky local customs we 're all familiar with by now.Walker looks into the crevices , and behind the curtains of the typical tourist facade -LRB- sometimes perpetrated and beloved as often by locals as the tour books -RRB- to see what we did n't expect , what we have n't already heard a thousand times . New Orleans IS a special place , but one that is filled with real human beings , with lives and relationships that are shaped , complicated and sometimes warped by the realities of a very specific environment.Yes there are colorful characters , see especially chapters about Ernie K-Doe and Gennifer Flowers , but in this book they are not just cardboard cutouts speaking with funny accents , part of the same backdrop as the pretty , antique architecture , but rather actual 3-dimensional human beings with real stories of their own . Yes , there is mention of parades and carnival balls , but it 's not just mindless spectacle , it 's an examination of the meaning of the customs to outsiders and insiders , and the structure of a pretty unusual social system.This is not a book for those wanting to check items off of a list of what they already think they know . Yup , Cafe du Monde is charming , uh-huh , tap-dancing-little-boy with coke-bottle caps on shoes wants your money , right-o , hurricanes will get you loaded fast , check , people get naked and drunk at Mardi Gras , mm hmm , yup . It was n't written to reassure you that what you believe is correct , to validate your fondness for the familiar.This is not a book for those attached to looking at New Orleans through bleary , soft-focus lenses . It is for readers who want to see the city for its more complicated , uglier , stranger , fascinating and consequently more beautiful self .
 In my 65 + years , New Orleans is the place I have returned to most often , almost like a second home . This compilation of writings -- done before Katrina -- echo mine experiences so closely , I get the feeling that the `` Spell '' of this great city affects others like it did and does me.I was in New Orleans when as Katrina approached and the Mayor urged visitors to leave . I was lucky to get three connecting flights home to California . `` Letters from New Orleans '' was like a balm which I needed to feel something other than sorrow .
 Through a series of essays , Rob Walker has captured elements of New Orleans that are rarely , if ever , written about . Walker shows what it is like to live in a city that steals your heart and breaks it at the same time . While one essay may be about Mardi Gras Indians , and another about Galatoire 's Restaurant , what each essay is really about is the character of the people and the character of this unique city . New Orleans is not the city of television and movies . It is a poor , dying city selling itself as a carnival and barely hanging on . As Walker has captured in these essays , when you live in New Orleans , you feel so many emotions toward the city
 If you 've yet to visit New Orleans , the candid `` snapshots '' of Walker 's letters will surely entice . If you 're familiar with the city , you 'll nod your head & sigh in remembrance - & hope for the future to be as sadly sweet & savory - & unsavory ; yeah that , too , as the past . These `` letters '' capture the crazy ambience of the whole package perfectly.I am curious about one small detail , why DID the author leave ?
 This is real New Orleans . It 's not a guide book . It 's a take on the spirit of place that is the unique city of New Orleans . If you want a genuine feel for the city by someone who 's lived there for a few years , buy it . More than ever , we all need to learn more about the fathomless Crescent City of the Moon .
 I 've never drunk and eaten my way through an hours ' long lunch at Galatoire 's . I do n't own a white suit nor do I normally hang out in jazz clubs . Sleazy bars may possess charms , but I seldom indulge . I 've never dug the Comus or Zulu krewes or jumped for mass-produced Chinese beads in the streets . This is all because I 've never been to New Orleans . But I 've done the next best thing -- read Rob Walker 's LETTERS FROM NEW ORLEANS . What I liked about Walker 's emailed letters to his family and friends that later got collected into a slim volume is that they offer a view of the city that is far more sombre and penetrating than the one we used to get before Katrina turned the place into a bad news hub . Yeah , `` The Big Easy '' definitely had its downside even before floods killed hundreds and destroyed the low-lying sections . Murder in the projects was not unknown pre-Katrina , corruption , decay , and poverty ruled much of New Orleans behind the tourist glitz . Your quaint atmosphere of down-at-heel tradition rested on the stunted lives of a lot of black folks who were caught in an old web . I never had a great desire to visit the place , not thinking someone else 's misfortune very picturesque . Still , reading Walker 's letters , I felt that I got the feel of it -- small details , a chance conversation that you might not have elsewhere , strange characters in electric blue suits , church music . He does n't intrude much into his descriptions , yet you feel that he liked the place , he did n't judge it with the amused or jaundiced eye of many others . Small incidents reveal many facets of the city -- the controversy over a fired waiter , explorations of a freeway ramp , attending a jazz funeral , a burning teddy bear at an annual bonfire . I liked the conclusions Walker drew -- not sweeping , drastic ones , but more like collections of observations and questions left to the reader . The small black and white photographs that fill the book are strangely obtuse . They hint at things rather than illustrate them grandly and perhaps that sums up this charming little book.P.S . If you ever wanted to know stuff about the song `` St. James ' Infirmary '' but were afraid to ask , rest easy . It 's all in here .
 From the first pages of the book , Gnashing of Teeth , I fell head first into the story of a young man 's journey . Tim 's departure from home for the unknown , the bravery and terror he faced at the front lines of the Korean War , the love he felt for a young woman , and finally his homecoming after the war . I was made to feel what Tim felt , fear , bravery , sadness and joy . I was moved to tears when after all Tim went through his homecoming was not what he expected . A must read for all those who served in the military and all those connected to someone who has .
 This book would make a great movie ! The author 's a natural storyteller but also a masterful writer who keeps the story rolling in this never boring tale of how a young American lived through and was changed by being drafted to fight on the front during the Korean War.I felt like I was right in the trenches ! There was a constant fear of attack by the suicidal Chinese enemy who always came in darkness . You could feel the vulnerability and terror of being overrun by endless waves of quilted jackets bent on killing you . There 's also the slow torture of no showers or clean clothes , your skin inflamed , stinking , even rotting in places as a result.Add to this the sense of injustice that your peers back home were spared all of this if they could afford to escape in college . Meanwhile , you get a whopping $ 12 dollars extra a month for combat duty.Interwoven in all the strife are camaraderie and periods of sensual romance at home and in the Orient.This is the best book I 've ever read about soldiering and a wartime experience.I highly recommend it !
 The cruelty that Francis Bok experienced at age seven -- and which he recounts here -- defies civilized human conception . One day in 1986 , his mother Marial sent him to Nyamlell 's market from their Southern Sudan Dinka village of Gourion to sell eggs and peanuts . His father Pial Bol Buk had recently called Francis `` Muycharko '' -- `` like twelve men . '' He would be successful and achieve something important.Eventually , as this book bears out , his father 's hope proved prophetic . But in 1986 Francis could count to no more than ten and still played alweth and Madallah -- Dinka hide-and-seek and cricket . His mother sent older friends to supervise his first independent market trip.The Catholic boy nicknamed Piol , for rain , that day lost his childhood and world to the murahaliin . After torching the nearby villages and slaying their inhabitants , 20 light-skinned Juur horsemen charged into Nyamlell . They severed the heads of all Dinka men with single sword strokes , left them rolling in the blood-soaked market dust and stole Piol 's older friends Abuk , Kwol and Nyabol . A rifleman permanently silenced a crying girl with a bullet to her head . A swordsman sliced off her sister 's leg at the thigh . Francis tried to flee . Terror squelched his cries . He was halted at gunpoint , grabbed and slung astride a small saddle , crafted specifically -LRB- as he later recognized -RRB- to carry abducted children , and ridden far north.Bok recounts the role he played in pushing President Bush to toughen and sign the Sudan Peace Act on October 18 , 2002 . As he points out , this made Americans increasingly aware of Sudanese Islamic government support for mass enslavement and genocide of Southern Sudanese Christians and animists.But as he also notes , while there may be some kind Muslims , the ongoing genocide against 2 million Southern Sudanese Dinka is merely a modern manifestation of Islamic tradition in Sudan and elsewhere throughout North Africa.Francis Bok recognized in his treatment an institutionalized cruelty . He was beaten , forced to tend and sleep with animals , fed rotting meat , and cursed as a jedut -- maggot -- even after his master pressed a Muslim name and prayers on him . Abdul Rahman ironically means `` servant of the compassionate one . '' But there was not one second of compassion during Bok 's 10 years of captivity , although he was one of the lucky ones.He many times tried to escape , and failed . His penalties were mere beatings . Other Dinka escapees routinely lost their limbs when recaptured . Giemma Abdullah threatened the same ; Bok did n't believe him , until he saw other Dinkas , limbless . Finally , at 17 , Francis Bok took the cows one morning , and from the road near their grazing area ran all the way to Mutari . After further privations and imprisonments , Bok finally hid in a truck en route to ed-Da ` ein , fled to Khartoum , to Cairo , and as a refugee , in 1999 , to the U.S. . He landed in the U.S. poor , illiterate , and 20 . But Bok admits that he was like all its victims unaware of the jihad institution 's name or history . During 10 long years of enslavement by Giemma Abdullah in Kerio , Bok learned that the Arabic word abeed carried three meanings -- `` slave , '' `` black '' and `` filth . '' Half his lifetime among Muslims taught him that they considered themselves better than Southern Sudanese infidels . But this hardly educated him on the institution to which his 20th century captors and masters subjected him.The privations Bok suffered and the constant jihad in Sudan are typical of those suffered by non-Muslims , as pre-eminent Islamic scholar Bat Ye'or notes inThe Decline of Eastern Christianity . Rudolf C. Slatin ` sFire and Sword in the Sudan
 The following review is submitted by Sudan 's top woman writer , author Kola Boof.Once again , Francis Bok , a brave handsome heroic warrior man from the very gracious and proud Dinka Tribe has come forward with humility and elegance ... to tell his truth . Not only does he tell HIS truth -- but he also tells the truth of all of us who are both black and Sudanese . This is a remarkable book , one that should be important to ALL humanity , because in the larger sense , it is not just about being black or being Dinka in Sudan , it is not just about slavery ... it is about human beings failing to honor and cherish the lives ... of other human beings . This is one of the best books of the year !!! As an Arab/Oromo woman born in Omdurman -- and as a Northerner -- I would like to testify and back up Mr. Bok 's truth , because I personally witnessed much of what he writes about in his book.of course.I witnessed entirely different events at an entirely different time , because being the daughter of an Arab Egyptian , I was able to see the slave movement from its `` infancy '' -- before it became visible and I was also an 8 year old child playing in the home of Dr. John Garang as my father , Garang -LRB- a Dinka -RRB- and other Arabs discussed at great length ... what would years later become the SPLA ... PLEASE BUY IT RIGHT NOW ! IT 'S WORTH EVERY PENNY!About Kola Boof : Sudanese-American author Kola Boof ... currently appears in the just released all new short story collection `` Politically Inspired -- Edited by Stephen Elliott '' -LRB- MacAdam/Cage -RRB- . All proceeds of the book `` Politically Inspired '' go to the Oxfam Humanitarian fund to help buy food and medicine for children in Iraq . In February 2004 , Kola Boof 's 1995 Arabic novel `` Flesh and the Devil '' will be released in ENGLISH in the U.S. translated by Said Musa . Kola Boof 's books for the North African Book Exchange , however , were forced out of print when Muslim forces in Morrocco firebombed the author 's publisher Russom Damba in Rabat . This includes her classic `` Long Train to the Redeeming Sin '' , which is no longer in print . Miss Boof became a citizen of the United States in 1993 .
 This book is the autobiography of a young man who has seen more in 21 years than most experience in a lifetime . Bok was taken into slavery at age 7 , after a jihadist raid on his village in the Sudan that left his entire family dead . -LRB- With one exception , as he movingly reveals late in the book . -RRB- After ten years in captivity and living in an animal shed , he escaped and eventually came to the US . This book should be read by everyone , including younger readers , because it 's a first-person account of something that most of us think was abolished in the 19th century , but in fact continues to this day . The author does public speaking and I hope our church will invite him to talk to our congregation . An amazing , moving story of imprisonment and triumph .
 This is an absolutely moving description of modern slavery . It could have easily been written to include grisly details of specific tortures that Bok and others suffered . But , this story 's purpose is not to be shocking or voyeuristic . Instead , it is meant to inform the world about what most of us think ended hundreds of years ago . Sensationalism is not necessary . The indignities inherent in slavery , the sorrows of stolen lives , and the struggle for freedom are heartrending in themselves . And , there is always the understanding that as horrendous as his life of slavery was , millions of others continue to live even harsher lives enslaved.It is a shame that the situation is not well-known . Obviously , people should work as vehemently against slavery today as they ever did before . Though the book ultimately urges activism , simply being knowledgeable of this issue is undoubtedly a tremendous step forward .
 We have all heard tales of slavery through the past centuries . This is an account of slavery today . The young Francis Bok was captured and enslaved at age 7 , and was not able to escape for ten years . This book tells of the survival of that child , and of his becoming a man.While the horrifics of slavery and all it entails are important , and very much a part of this book , there is something else to me that stands out , that makes it important to read.The childhood of the young Francis for the first seven years is the basis of his will , strength and ability to survive his captivity . The loving up-bringing from his family , extended family and friends gave him the strength to survive .
 When I started this book , I 'd heard of Sudan , but did n't know exactly where it was . I 'd heard of the Dinka 's , but knew little about them . I 'm reminded daily on the radio of how awful we Americans are and how we should be punished for every having had slaves . This book told an awful truth about the existence of slavery alive today , all around the world , about children losing their limbs , about little girls being raped and stolen from their families . But this book also told a wonderful story about America and its open arms and the possibilities , the wonders , awaiting everyone who is blessed to live here . It told about how accepting , and welcoming Americans are , how the jobs are out there , of the precious value of our education system and so much mroe . Of course , there 's a lot that needs fixing , but this book gives such wonderful hope to all who read it . And it blesses us with an introduction to an inspiring , strong , moral young man Mr. Buk .
 I ran into this book at a local store this weekend . I saw the word slavery and looked at the person on the front cover and was surprised that the picture was not medieval but one of a modern looking young gentleman . I went on to buy the book which I read with heightened interest within five hours . I admire Francis ' strong will and determination for a better life for his people and his pursuit for peace in his country . I am Kenyan . A luo to be precise . Our tribe migrated from the Sudan about 500 years ago in the wake of war and famine . As I read this book I noticed that some of the Dinka names are ours which means that I may be a descendant of a Dinka . I am therefore shocked and appalled at what is going on at my old home . I do n't know why my country never publicized this war while I was growing up . -LRB- I was twelve in 1986 -RRB- .
 A relative gave me this book , and it sat for months on my shelf unread . It was hard to get up the motivation to read what I thought was a chronicle of poverty and disease , oppression and struggle . I never felt that there was an appropriate moment to pick up the book and delve into that world.Boy , I was stupid . One day I just picked up the book , and within 24 hours I had read the entire thing . It 's well-written , flows easily , and Mr. Bok , while letting us know the details of his slavery and capture , does not exploit them . While the conditions of his life as a slave are shocking , his escape and success in the United States are even more so . Reading about Mr. Bok 's journey through the Sudan , Egypt and Fargo , North Dakota -LRB- yes , you read it correctly -RRB- is a fascinating look into how one man can work to save his people . It is also a unique look at the growth of a human being , the challenges of entering a new culture , and a reminder that every single person , no matter how old , deserves the right to life-long education . I thank Mr. Bok for his courage , and his mentors for providing us with this story.Any glance at the news is reminder that slavery and conflict in the sudan STILL EXIST TODAY . American foreign policy exists outside of the scope of the Middle East , and I hope this memoir will serve to make more people aware of the horrible human rights abuses that continue , and they will pressure Western governments to provide more relief to Sudanese refugees , and encourage peace and development in the region.As a former teacher , I would recommend this book to any high school or program . I understand there is also an educational text offered to accompany it . There are some interesting anecdotes about Mr. Bok 's experiences as a 21-year-old student in a classroom full of high-school drop-outs ; it might spark interesting discussion to a classroom with unmotivated students .
 Two days ago I began to read `` Escape from Slavery '' . I have hardly wanted to set it down since I picked it up . I have been saddened but incredibly inspired . I am forcefully reminded that freedom is a miracle too easily taken for granted . Until this week , I admit I was completely ignorant of Sudan , let alone the plight of it 's people . In fact , I only knew Sudan was another big country `` somewhere in Africa '' . This book is not a history of Sudan , but it does put it on the map for you . It does not try to expound on all of the political issues , but it paints a very human picture of how the government affects the people . This is one young man 's compelling account of his early life and journey as a slave in Sudan . It is told in a simple , clear and honest voice . For me , Sudan is now the birthplace of Piol Bol Buk - known today as `` Francis Bok '' . It is the place where Piol laughed and played with his family . He made clay cows with his friends , and dreamed of being like his father . It is the place where Piol was entrusted one day to take his mother 's produce to sell at the market ... and would never return . Here was a little boy forced to witness unspeakable violence , and who had everything taken away from him . However , no one could take his indomitable spirit . Sudan is a place where innocent lives are crushed every day , and yet it is also the place where Francis Bok was created . Francis humbly and painstakingly details his escape , the agonizing immigration process , and the miraculous turn of events that ensued . Francis has begun to fulfill his father 's prophesy that someday he would do `` great and important things '' and would have the strength of `` twelve men '' . This is a story about slavery , but it is really a story about hope , faith , will-power and determination . It is a miraculous story . Who could have imagined that this young boy with no hope of survival would make such a huge impact for his country already ? Truly inspirational ! This is a testament that the human spirit can survive unspeakable things - and then can rise from the ashes . When you find a story like this , you just ca n't wait to share it with the world ! Francis Bok lived through such horrific pain , and yet now we have the chance to listen to his story , and to make a difference in the world just like he has . I hope that you will choose to read this story . I know that you will be so grateful !
 Frances Bok lived through what so many of us do n't even know still exists . Brought up in rural Sudan , his village was raided , most of the adults killed , and most of the children taken into slavery . Frances was 7 when this happened and forced to live through horror after horror without any kindness , any love , without any affection.Frances saw adults and children brutally murdered and it was clear to him that fighting back would cause him to also be one of the casualties.Frances was kept in a barn , given scraps of food to eat , refused any kindness . Even the children of his captor were horrible to him . What kept Frances going was the love that had been given to him before captivity and the belief that some of his family may have survived . Indeed , there is a bittersweet ending to Bok 's story.Frances , gratefully and amazingly , does escape and live to share his memoir . When I read this book last year , I participated on a message board . I tried to share this book with educated people who adamantly refused to recognize that this story is n't all that unusual . This is STILL happening today . The perpetrators of these crimes are from a culture that devalues those that are different . Slavery , genital mutilation , abuse to women , honor killings ... it seems as if , although we hear of these stories on a daily basis , we are still reluctant to characterize the culture as faulty . And , so it continues .
 My only problem with Francis Bok 's story is that it took me so long to finally hear it . It is eye-opening and inspiring . A very quick read , that will leave you wanting to meet and listen to this amazing man .
 I heard Francis Bok speak in Washington DC a few years ago and so I knew his basic story about being a slave for ten years . But even already having heard his story , the details he goes into in this book still brought me to tears ! His will to survive makes Francis a roll model to freedom loving people everywhere . This book will make you cry along with Francis when he learns why he is a slave , but then also laugh along with him when he moves to America and learns about things like pizza and snow . This book is a `` must read '' and a `` must give '' to everyone on your holiday list this year !
 People must read this book and share with friends and family . So much horror is going on in this world , and reading Francis Bok 's tale of slavery IN THIS DAY AND AGE is staggering and a shock to the system regarding the lack of heart and soul of his capturers , and those that are still enslaving people . WE CAN HELP -- just read the book !
 So it 's the 20th century , slavery was abolished more then a century ago right ? Wrong as is made plainly clear in this extraordinary story of struggle and survival . This is the story of the Sudan where for the last 1500 years Arab slave traders have been enslaving Christian and animist Africans . In modern times no effort has been made by anyone including the west or the U.N to outlaw slavery and slave trading in the Sudan . Other African countries are no longer plagued by European and Arab slavers but the Sudan is still beset by this evil.The author was born in the Sudan where slave traders raided his village , murdered the men and enslaved the women and children . The Women were used to sexual recreation for rich Arabs while the boys were used for simple housework . The author explains the terrifying events he experienced and his struggle to try and escape his sadistic masters . The author finally managed to escape and immigrate to the United States where he has worked to expose the world to the trauma of ongoing slavery in Africa . He exposes with brilliant language , reminiscent of Fredrick Douglas , the horrors of slavery.This is an important book . Few know anything about Africa and even less is known about the continuing aspects of Arab slave trading which are brought to light in this important and seminal work . A wonderful piece of literature about an obscure subject , an easily readable account , a necessary addition to any library .
 This is a powerful book . It is written in a clear and engaging style . It is important that people know about the human rights abuses going on in Sudan . Mr. Bok 's story does this in a meaningful and moving way .
 I have taken particular interest in the situation in Sudan for months now . Whenever I think of it I get enraged , the whole animal in me comes out . I read the book and was simply incensed ! Francis Bok is a man worth twelve men , if not more . He is brave , handsome , and his courage is worth emulating.I am wondering why the world is doing nothing about this . The slavery in Sudan is a centuries-old practice of genocide . It 's shameful that the Western media would rather televise naked Dinka men wrestling and drinking milk -- and yet the world is oblivious to how these people have been torn . . literally - by slavery , famine , and war.The Dinka , Shilluk , Nuer , and other tribes in Southern Sudan are an African treasure and people today should be doing more . It 's unfortunate that people would just rather avoid the situation and question whether or not it 's genocide.Time is running out !
 Francis Bok was only seven years old when he was kidnapped in his southern Sudan village and forced into slavery by a brutal Arab Muslim farmer in the north . Sadly his tale of slavery and torture is only one example of the centuries old practice of slavery and genocide during Sudan 's war between the Arab Muslim north and African Christian south . His master treated Francis poorer than his livestock and he was often given garbage and rotten food to eat . He was virtually cut off from other young Dinka slaves in the area and as a result was forced to withdraw into his own mind for survival.One of the truly remarkable aspects of this book is Francis ' positive attitude throughout his ordeal . He never lost hope of escaping and creating a better life for himself . Although he was forced into slavery for ten years and lost contact with his tribe customs and language he never lost his will and determinism to learn about his culture after he was free . Additionally I was impressed with his sense of helping others who are victims of Sudan 's war and sending back money to friends in Egypt who were denied United Nations refugee status . In the United States where individualism is the way of life it is refreshing to read how Francis reached out to help others instead of falling into a trap of only caring for himself.ESCAPE FROM SLAVERY is a contemporary narrative that effectively shatters the myth that slavery is a problem of the past . It is sad that the world has kept silent about the appalling problems in Sudan . Time is past due for humanity to stop the needless slaughter of innocent southern Sudanese by their northern neighbors . Highly recommended .
 I found that this book was very well written , and was written with a great deal of detail . Although I think the book was well written i also think it is very bias towards the northern Sudanese peoples . I , being from North Sudan , know that the northeners of Sudan have made a great deal of mistakes in the past , but i feel as if the book portrayed my peoples as savages . I 'm not saying that we are all angels and indeed some are savages but North Sudanese have a beautiful culture which was not portrayed in the book . There are many northeners trying to bring the civil war in Sudan to an end , and i have a great number of aunts and auncles who are living in Canada and The U.S. as refugees from Sudan because of there beliefs of what is going on in Sudan and their views towards the Sudanese government . I also have some who are still in Sudan ad fighting for the south.This book is still a great book and should be read by all to show that slavery does still exsist in Sudan and many other parts of the world and some one should do something about it . I wish Francis the best of luck in his future and would like to invite him over to meet my family and have some tea to see Northern Sudanese culture at its finest.Asim Musa
 I read this book for one of classes and I must say that while I tend not to be a fan of non-fiction I was completed enamored by this book . Bok wrote a very engaging story about his life and his involvement in making a difference in what is occurring in Sudan . I liked so many things about this book . It was a personal story . Someone really overcoming the odds placed against him . A true underdog story . The story was heart-wrenching in parts , especially when confronted with the truth about slavery in Southern Africa . I could n't have more respect for Bok , he overcame horrific hardships and continues speaking out . I really reccomend this book !
 this is the story of what happened to one little boy , who was kidnapped from a loving family in the Sudan , and forced to become a slave at age seven . He remained a slave , untill he finally escpaed ten years later.It did not happen hundreds of years ago . It happenned thirteen years ago.Its written in a gentle voice , but one that conveys the tragedy well.It NEEDS to be read , NOW.Please , if you are a human being , and feel that slavery is wrong and kidnapping is wrong , then read this.I have also been going through the website that Francis Bok is attached to and am learning a great dealhttp : / / www.iabolish.comDear Francis Bok , if youre reading this > youre a good man and a tribute to the human spirit . A good son .
 This is an amazing story about slavery in OUR OWN TIME !! I never even knew slavery still exisited ; however , it still does ! This specific book examines slavery in Sudan with Piol Bok Buk -LRB- Chrisitan Name
 What a revealing look at life for one slave boy from Southern Sudan . The story certainly points out why the Southwants to break away from Northern Sudan . How one young boy could make it to far off Fargo , North Dakota and later tell his personal journey in front of Congress says much about the human spirit .
 At 24 , Francis Bok has already led several lives.A happy childhood in his Dinka tribal land in the Southern Sudan ended abruptly at age 7 when Northern Sudanese Arabs captured him in a raid . He spent 10 years enslaved , suffering frequent beatings and , perhaps worse , almost total isolation , until his escape in 1996 . Resettled in America , in Fargo , North Dakota , he put his energies into learning two new cultures , the American , and the Dinka culture he had had snatched from him.America was a shock in almost every way - the food , the language , the freedom , and the pace . Of his first job in a pallet factory , Bok says , `` For ten years I had been forced to work with Giemma 's animals , but not once had I returned home as weary and dirty as I was every night after a shift in the pallet shop . `` But there was more to come . Feeling his way , Bok quits his job , finds a new one , locates a group of Dinka in Ohio , moves there , acquires one job , then a second , saves for an apartment , makes more friends and discovers contentment . Only to give it all up to move to Boston and become an anti-slavery activist . Despite his total lack of schooling and English , Bok spoke at churches and schools , testified before the Senate and called on two presidents to act . Meanwhile he attended school , and it was n't easy to place a 6-foot-6 non-English speaker without a first-grade education.Bok 's memoir is told in simple , matter-of-fact prose , and the horror and pathos come through all the more strongly for being understated . Throughout his captivity , he slept in a barn , was not spoken to except as related to his work , and was not allowed to associate with any other slaves . He learned Arabic by force of will and kept himself going with thoughts of his parents . Only in America did he find out they had died in the raid.And it 's in America that he learns the history of his war-torn country , which he relates briefly , illuminating an old culture clash over land that intensified with British colonization and has since been manipulated into a war between Arabs and Africans , Christians and Muslims.Bok 's strength , melancholy and sense of wonder come through on every page , whether he 's describing the joy of shopping for hip-hop clothes , the taunts of American classmates , or the awe of speaking before the Senate or meeting President Bush . A heartbreaking and heartening story .
 Francis Bok is a very lucky man . Thousands of others of his tribe are n't . The shocking story of slavery that continues TODAY in the Sudan -LRB- and possibly other African and Middle Eastern countries -RRB- must be understood by anyone who still has enough heart and soul to care . This story is real ! The names have NOT been changed . There are no INNOCENT to protect , only victims of the greatest possible injustice in the world today . If you can read this and not realize the implications for you and your family , and others whom you love , then I weep for your loss of humanity . Although it is the telling of a personal story , this book has truths for the state of the world . In America , we may well be living in a `` fantasy land '' where `` rights '' are thought to be a Constitutional promise . What is it that stands between us and our children and the terror and hardship experience by Francis Bok and his family ? How much difference lies between the undocumented maid or yard worker you employ on a weekly basis and a teenage herder who was stolen from his home and family by killers ? If you have any brain cells left to rub together , this book may be a useful way to pass your time while at the beach or hanging around the ski lodge on your next vacation .
 I found this book enlightening not knowing anything about the current sitaution in sudan other than bits and pieces in the news . I finished this book in almost one sitting i could n't out it down . I knew of slavery in sudan , but had no human face or story to put with it .
 Shows how the story of one man can make a difference . Such a good read about the life of a slave . Something alien to a lot of people . The book draws you in from the start you wont want to put it down .
 I ordered this item through Amazon and was shocked when it came 3 weeks ahead of when it was supposed to arrive . Not only that , but it came in excellent condition ! Great seller , would not mind doing business with them again .
 Excellent book . I 've read all but a few pages . I was very touched by Mr Bok 's description of his childhood as a slave . A few years ago I 'd heard that the Sudan had some problems ; after reading this book I have a little idea of those problems in general and of slavery in particular . I strongly recommend this book .
 This book is a must read !!! I recommend this book ... inspiring . as well as sad when Francis and many others have to suffer ... I honestly did not know that slavery still exist in sudan and many other countries
 The first portion of the text is hard to put down , an eye-opening first person account of a life torn from his home community . The later narrative of his work with the NGO , testifying , lecturing and the like is a bit stilted and boring , and some of the culture conflicts upon arrival in the USA seem exaggerated for attention or effect . Still , a worthy subject matter and interesting author .
 i read this book about 30 years ago . it was the most concise , well written book on the subject , and very informative . it includes practices , superstitions and exammples . in fact years later we had an older neighbor whose mother , when she was young , was standing at the sink doing dishes and looked out the window and saw a face looking in at her , someone she did n't recognize . actually it was n't a real person . a few days later she took sick and died and they guessed at some malady to give a reason for her death . examples like this were given in the book . a very interesting book .
 the book was in very good shape for being so old i love this book it got to me in 4 to 5 day i had no problems love it
 The story of the development of the de Havilland Tiger Moth , the premier primary trainer for the Royal Air Force in the 1930s and 1940s ; thereafter a simple but durable flying machine.The book lays out the ancestry of the aircraft , a string of single-engined biplanes designed for the civilian market all named < fill-in-the-blank > Moth . The develoipment of the Tiger Moth is explained as very much an example of archetypical English `` muddling through . '' There were neither designs nor plans . An earlier type of moth was taken in modified and modified and modified to reach the final design which was accepted as a primary flight trainer by the Royal Air Force.This current edition includes appendices cataloging all Tiger Moth production and status of surviving craft . A personal note
 There were no proper drawings for the first Tiger Moth
 Once again the darling , but mischievious Little Critter takes a trip and discovers something new and interesting . This little book finds him visiting the hospital and learning that it and the doctors are n't something to be afraid of.The perfect gift for a child who has worries about their own upcoming trip to the hospital , or ; as in my grandson 's case , has worries about the unknown place that his mother will be going to for surgery for a few days.This charming book tells all it needs to for children ages 2-6 from my perspective as a grandmother . Buy it , they 'll love it!I get all my grandchildren Little Critter books from Amazon . It 's fast and convenient shopping when they are all over the US and I 'm living in FL .
 It 's 2005 and the `` Little Critter '' series is still going strong . This very new release -LRB- as of the writing of this review -RRB- , part of the `` New Adventures of Mercer Mayer 's Little Critter '' series is written and illustrated by Mercer Mayer and deals with Little Critter taking a trip to the hospital following a sports injury.Little Critter is playing soccer . He scores the tie-breaking , winning goal , but hurts his leg . The call comes out for an ambulance and Little Critter is taken to the hospital.This is a great book that will show kids what a trip to the hospital is like and that it really is n't something to be too afraid of . The characters are anthropomrphic , but fairly representative of real-life . The illustrations are , as usual , detailed , with plenty of things to read and observe at the hospital that Little Critter visits.This `` Little Critter '' book comes with five adhesive bandages , a sure hit with Little Critter 's littlest fans .
 I have reviewed on several of these Mercer Mayer books and each book just seems to get better ... this is a delightful series of books and help to teach your child about everyday circumstances and reafftirm it is OK to be afraid , or shows how you can hurt someones feelings , learn to save money and the love that people have for you !! Good job and Kudos to Mercer Mayer . I will continue to purchase these books for my grandchildren.Gramaemae
 Putting this book away in case our `` little critter '' ever needs to take a trip to the hospital or a friend of his does so he can have all the answers !
 Every Mercer Mayer book is a hit . I try to buy all the new titles , and my grandkids love them ! The art work & the stories are great for adults & children .
 A hospital stay can be stressful , specifically for toddlers . My grand-daughter was having major surgery and this book aided in comforting her . It eliminated the unknown factors of a 1st time hospital stay .
 Little Critter is always a favorite . We have over 20 different titles , and they are all good . I like that this one teaches the going to the hospital is n't so scary .
 this book shows how getting hurt isnt so scary after all.my son had me read it to him about 4 times the first day.hes 4 .
 I am a survivor of ritual abuse and have been searching for books and resources to help me complete my healing . It is extremely difficult to heal from ritual abuse because it is so painful and there are few therapist who truly understand how to guide your healing . This book is one of the best and most uplifting of all the books I have read about the process of healing in a way that empowers you and frees you from the fear and pain . It has many helpful and uplifting suggestions to bring more ` light ' in your life too like building a garden of courage . As a survivor I highly recommend this book to other survivors healing from ritual abuse . Unfortunately , the wonderful book , `` Safe Passages to Healing '' by Chrystine Oskana is out of print . I found a used copy and it is also one of THE best for therapists and survivors.I am very grateful to the author of this book . It gave me wonderful ideas of how to use my own creativity to help me heal and overcome . Chrystine Oskana wrote that a survivor needs the 3 C 's
 This is an excellent guide for survivors of ritual abuse . It is gentle and understanding , and would be particularly helpful for survivors who have only recently started to remember their past and those who need to be careful about reading anything that might accidentally trigger a memory . It has just enough information about ritual abuse to make it somewhat less mystifying , but does n't have any horrifying details . Instead , it concentrates on useful coping strategies . The suggestions on how to cope with the multiple personality disorder that frequently accompanies ritual abuse are the most helpful I 've read .
 As one who has experienced Ritual abuse , I found this book to be most helpful in understanding my questions and feelings that have been traveling through my mind . I found many of the exercises in the book to be practical and was thankful that the author put warning notations on sections that could potentially be unsafe for those of us in various stages of our healing process . This is a great book for anyone who is starting out on that healing trail .
 My spouse is MPD from Satanic ritual abuse . This book has helped me more than any other so far in dealing with it . I have shared the book with our therapist . I need it so often , I must buy another for him . I gently read a page here or there to my spouse as needed . It has been a God-send . We will try to plant our garden next Spring if we are far enough along by then . Thank you and God bless .
 This is a great book for any one who has suffered from ritual satanic abuse as it answers many questions . The author has indicated in the margin when the text may be of a sensitive nature . I to loved the description of the garden , and hope to have one myself one day .
 This is a very powerful book dealing with a subject that is very controversial -- but true . There are few resources available on the subject of ritual abuse and spirituality . This book addresses both in a very sensitive and insightful way .
 Despite those who claim this never happens , there are those of us who have `` recovered '' memories of abuse and ritual abuse completely outside of therapy - some of us had therapists who did n't believe . Some of us have never been in therapy . For those of us who know our own truth , it is an incredibly painful journey to heal - but it can be done.No book can satisfy all the possible ways that healing can happen nor cover everything that works for each individual , but this seems like a good one with good ideas . Use the exercises and use caution . Remember not everything works for everyone - every survivor will be different ...
 This is a book that will tug at your heartstrings . I found myself turning the pages feeling the authors pain , joy and sadness.This is a unique style of writing , and maybe it would have worked well for a novel , but the author told it the way he felt it , and the poetry works in conveying what he wanted to say ! I recommend it to anyone that has been in a similiar situation and hope that it can help then understand what they have been through , and maybe help them resolve their past.The only down side to the book is that I would have liked to read more . There are only 97 pages of actual poetry , and the author 's own words , which I found to be very profound . Maybe the author 's next book will be longer . I look forward to reading more of his work .
 the pomes were very , very excellent i enjoyed reading them i didnt think anyone could write poems about your guys . . who are vetrens its like nobody remembers them at all no better time to write them than now with it being vetrens day today . i think people should read his book of poems he is a very good writter.im going to order 2 of his books one for me and one for my mother for christmas she would enjoy reading something like that . darlene
 This is an excellent semi-autobiography , told in the form of poetry . The stories are very vivid and full of feeling and emotion . The book is very involving and makes you feel what the author felt as he survived abuse and grew to adulthood.I recommend the book to anybody that loves poetry . I think I found the next Neruda !
 The author of this book is a dear friend of mine . I am glad to see his work get published .
 So what do you get for your money?Volume I : Life of Berkeley - by Fraser.Commonplace Book - Berkeley 's notes from 1705-08 . An Essay Towards a New Theory of Vision.A Treatise Concerning the Principals of Human Knowledge -LSB- Part I -RSB- . Three Dialogs Between Hylas and Philonous.De Motu - this is in Latin and is NOT translated.Volume II : Alciphron ; or , the Minute Philosopher.The Theory of Vsion , or Visual Language , Shewing the Immediate Presence and Providence of a Deity.Volume III : The Analyst ; or a Discourse Addressed to an Infidel Mathemetician.A Defense of Free-Thinking in Mathematics.Reasons for not Replying to Mr. Walton 's Full Answer.Siris
 Since Berkeley is best remembered as a philosopher and it is therefore highly likely that anyone interested in this is interested in that part of Berkeley 's collected works , that is where I will focus this review.The most important work of Berkeley is `` A Treatise Concerning the Principals of Human Knowledge -LSB- Part I -RSB- '' -LRB- there is no part II - the partial manuscript for it was lost while Berkeley was travelling -RRB- . `` Principals '' has two principal sections
 An influential writer of philosophy and just about everything else . These complete works are an essential component to any thinking person 's library . I highly recommend this collection .
 Insight Guide Bali is an exceptional travel guide . The history is well written and rich with interesting facts . I reads like a good novel . The maps are deteiled with plenty of cross references . There are plenty of travel tips from riding a bus to how to order food without MSGS . It appears that every possible travel issue has been addressed ; from how not to get arrested to finding the swank resorts . The book is worth the price just for the exquisite pictures . I have never seen a travel book with photos as exceptional as these . Usually I purchase a couple of guide books before going to a new location , but this time I will only use the Insight Guide Bali .
 I read the history background like a novel . The cultural information such as the drama , the dances , the religion , the art etc. is great . The photos are great too . I am back from Bali and I just take this book with me .
 OMG ! I loved this book ! Tessa and Mitch 's fun banter and sizzling chemistry fire every page hot enough to melt the snow off its Adirondack Mountain setting . What a stellar debut year for Joanne Rock with five winner releases already . I 'm eagerly checking the calendar for this prolific -LRB- and fabulous < g > -RRB- new author 's next book !
 A dare brings Tessa O'Neal full circle . Her boss and best friend bets that Tessa can not stay out of Mitch Ryder 's bed for a week while she takes care of his marketing campaign . Mitch was Tessa 's first love and the man she compares all others to , which might account for one divorce and one broken engagement . Now Tessa returns to the beautiful Adirondack Mountains of upstate New York , the site of her first love , to prove her resistance to the man she thinks of as aphrodisiac on legs . After all , Tessa figures she can survive Mitch 's appeal for seven days.Eight years ago Mitch had no intentions of offering Tessa forever . He does n't intend forever now . After all , he is n't the kind of guy she really wants . Now Mitch needs Tessa 's marketing finesse to make Mogul Ryders ' new product line a success , although he doubts Ms. Trench Coat and Heels still retains that adventuresome spirit that brought them together . Nevertheless , Mitch intends to complete the business side of their relationship and then recapture that chemistry they once shared , at least temporarily . Then he learns she only plans to stick around a week , which raises the stakes considerably.Author Joanne Rock sets off an inferno when she reunites old flames in TALL , DARK , AND DARING . Rock proves that just seven days can transform lives . Mitch 's salesman skills matches Tessa 's own as he teaches her to have fun again , but the consequences defy his expectations . Tessa 's gradual relaxing as she catches snowflakes and savors bobsledding reveals an enticing exuberance that makes her an incredibly engaging character . Moreover , The author 's savvy understanding of the need for compromise in modern relationships makes the novel sparkle , even as Rock deftly reveals the sensual longings , the secret wounds , and the hidden desires of a couple who has buried their secret needs . A sensual treat , TALL , DARK , AND DARING comes very highly recommended .
 After assigning her the Mogul Ryders marketing campaign , her Westwood Marketing boss Ines Cordova bets Tessa O'Neal that she can not stay out of Mitch Ryder 's bed for a week . Ines knows it is a sure bet because she has heard enough times how Tessa measures all males against her yardstick , Mitch , her first love . No one including an ex husband and the nice Rob she just ended her engagement to has come close to living up to Tessa 's memory of Mitch though he deserted her.Tessa plans to do the job and escape Lake Placid , New York with her soul and heart intact because she knows based on what happened eight years ago that Mitch can not commit . Mitch anticipates sharing sex once they finish his business requirement though he also plans to split as he did once before . However , when he learns she intends to stay for only a week with no sex , he elevates the game of love.Readers will enjoy reading the heated TALL , DARK , AND DARING , a fun second chance at love romance . The story line emits heat through Mitch even as Tessa tries to avoid being burned again . Though readers might not like Mitch 's cavalier approach to relationships , the audience will agree that Joanne Rock paints a compelling realistic look at modern day coupling.Harriet Klausner
 I ca n't add much more than the previous reviewer . I will say I was very pleased with what I paid for this especially compared to the other prices I see quoted by sellers . There is an excerpt from a Mike Seeger interview with Frank Walker who provided the collection that Harry Smith picked from for the anthology . It 's quite interesting though Walkers memory is admitedly fried by the point he was spoken with . There is also a short excerpt from and interview with Moses Asch talking about some background info on the anthology . Both offer some great anecdotes . Ash also speaks about the 4rth volume of the anthology and why it never came out -LRB- it has now -RRB- and Harry Smith 's idiosyncrasies in compiling the original set.For me the tabs and lyrics along with lyrics to 47 songs -LRB- across all 4 volumes -RRB- and 3 to 4 paragraphs of background on each song are the heart of this book . The pictures are great but I would have preferred photos of the artists and others involved with the project than the `` mood '' photos included . They are great , but this could have been better.The 4 vs 5 star rating is mostly to do with the cost of this item as I see it listed now .
 This 1973 book is keyed to Harry Smith 's famed music anthology , now available on CD . It is edited by Josh Dunson and Ethel Raim , and includes interviews with Moses Asch and Frank Walker , as well as song lyrics , chords -LRB- for many but not all songs on the Anthology -RRB- new anecdotes , and very nice b & w photos of artists and rural scenes -LRB- folks hanging out on front porches , etc. -RRB- Some of the anecdotes are a bit disturbing -- about Bascam Lunsford 's racism and anti-semitism , for example -- but it 'll save ear-strain trying to grasp some of the numbers . May not be worth the hefty price being asked here , but a nice volume for those of us drawn to this strange , exciting music .
 I am a professional TOEFL prep instructor . Here is my review : If you can only buy one book , this is the one.However , I would * not * recommend that you buy only this book -- it is not enough . You need to buy at least two other titles as well -- the official `` TOEFL Kit '' and the `` PowerPrep TOEFL '' software.First , this book does NOT have a computer test . Instead , it has some questions in the book that simulate the computer questions . Half of the tests are written for people who have to take the paper test , the other half are for people who have to take the computer test.If you can only buy one book , you need a review of grammar and other sections of the test , and you want some practice tests , this book is your best choice . It has a lot of grammar explanations and lots of practice questions.So , it is a great value -- the price is low , and you get a lot of questions.However , the book is not perfect . Some of the questions are old , and you will not see those types on theTOEFL anymore . Furthermore , many of the questions are easier than the real TOEFL , especially the reading sections . Many of my students have said that the reading section is very , very hard and that they were not prepared for the real TOEFL when they took it.In short , if you can only buy one book , this one is okay , but you really should buy official TOEFL materials so that you will be ready for the real test when you take it .
 I have been teaching ESL for 15 years , and Barron 's How to Prepare for the TOEFL test is not only the best book for students planning to take the TOEFL , but also for intermediate level students who need to add structure to their learning of grammar , and develop their vocabulary . A very interesting text to work with .
 I 've already read the book How to prepare for the new toefl test by Pamela Sharpe , I 've not found a better book of toefl preparation until now . at the begining of the book it looks difficult to adapt to the way it is structured but as the days are passing by you notice that the way in which She made the book is the best to have a quick reference while you 're answering the excercises of `` structure and writen expression '' , I dont know the author but in my opinion is a person extremely intelligent . The excercises are ordered on a methodic way that I 've never seen before in other toefl books that present their teachings so clear . I never before had taken classes of grammar but I feel that the book has help me very much . I 've read a 70 % of the book and in my opinion is the best .
 I am a professional TOEFL prep instructor . Here is my review : If you can only buy one book , this is the one.However , I would * not * recommend that you buy only this book -- it is not enough . You need to buy at least two other titles as well -- the official `` TOEFL Kit '' and the `` PowerPrep TOEFL '' software.First , this book does NOT have a computer test . Instead , it has some questions in the book that simulate the computer questions . Half of the tests are written for people who have to take the paper test , the other half are for people who have to take the computer test.If you can only buy one book , you need a review of grammar and other sections of the test , and you want some practice tests , this book is your best choice . It has a lot of grammar explanations and lots of practice questions.So , it is a great value -- the price is low , and you get a lot of questions.However , the book is not perfect . Some of the questions are old , and you will not see those types on theTOEFL anymore . Furthermore , many of the questions are easier than the real TOEFL , especially the reading sections . Many of my students have said that the reading section is very , very hard and that they were not prepared for the real TOEFL when they took it.In short , if you can only buy one book , this one is okay , but you really should buy official TOEFL materials so that you will be ready for the real test when you take it .
 If you are looking for a TOEFL preparation book , this is the one you must go for ! This is the best TOEFL preparation book . I 've studied with every books out there ; Kaplan , Princeton Review , Super Course , Arco . . etc. . This is the only one that covers everything in detail and make sense ! If you study with this one thoroughly , you will do very well on the test . This one is the best for real ! Good luck !
 I bought this book after i failed to get the score i needed in the TOEFL exam , and it helped me a lot at the second time I did the test . The best part about it is the CD-ROM that has 4 complete tests so you can practice just like if you were doing the real Computer Based TOEFL Test . It helps you to get in the mood of the test so you are prepared when you take the real test . There is only one thing that should be enhanced in this book . The review and hints at the `` writing test part '' are not enough . There should be more essay examples . Over all , this is the book you have to buy if you are planning to pay just for one book to prepare for the TOEFL
 I bought this book because it has received so many great reviews . I 'm very grateful to those who wrote the reviews . This book is excellent in providing organized explanations and toefl-standard tests . The model tests are really great exercises . The CD-ROM has a good quality . There is only one weakness , I think . I wish the writing review section has more detailed guidelines and different kinds of essay examples . Overall , I strongly recommend this book !
 Use some common sense.If you click on the picture of the book , you will be able to read among other things : `` with CD-ROM containing model computer-based tests and listening comprehension `` Good luck , guys !
 if you must prepare for TOEFL , this book can help you . now i 'm use this book prerpare for TOEFL !
 I went to buy the book pleas
 A lot of my friends recommended this book for me , but I did n't really appreciate their advice until I took the test . The book leads you step-by-step into establishing a good base of English for the test , or at least refresh the knowledge that you already have . I believe that I owe a significant portion of my 287 CBT -LRB- 660 paper based equivalent -RRB- score to this book . With it 's eight model tests on the CD , which are far more difficult than that in the actual test , you 'll be well prepared . There seems to be a problem with the Adaptive Test in the CD though , it gives quite strange scores at the end , but overall , this book is the best book that you can buy to get the score that you want in TOEFL .
 If you know English well and you need only to review some important details , this is the book you need to buy . It covers small rules , which are VERY IMPORTANT for the TOEFL , but it does not tell you much , for example , about sequence of tenses.In other words , this book will help you to improve your score , but it can not teach you English if you are a beginner.For me , the most important part of the book was structur review . IT really helped ! Listening part shows the same level of difficulty as in the TOEFL , but reading is much easier then on the test . To understand the reading level of difficulty and to practise the test I would recommend TOEFL Test Preparation Kit .
 If you know English well and you need only to review some important details , this is the book you need to buy . It covers small rules , which are VERY IMPORTANT for the TOEFL , but it does not tell you much , for example , about sequence of tenses.In other words , this book will help you to improve your score , but it can not teach you English if you are a beginner.For me , the most important part of the book was structur review . IT really helped ! Listening part shows the same level of difficulty as in the TOEFL , but reading is much easier then on the test . To understand the reading level of difficulty and to practise the test I would recommend TOEFL Test Preparation Kit .
 This book is suit for the advance learner , it 's mean you already revised the grammars or structures . This book will guide you to the patterns of the exam , like which structures are often seen in the toefl exam . The best part is the modal test in CD , that like the actual test and you can practice like a real -LRB- not really CBT -RRB- . But about essay you have to select another book coz ' little examples . Actually before you will buy this book I would like to recommend you to buy the practice book of Barron , which will have more questions to practice . Anyway if you have only one selection this is your way !
 This book is the second-best book on TOEFL after Educational Testing Services ' -LRB- ETS -RRB- TOEFL book .
 THIS EDITION DOES NOT CONTAIN THE CORRECT CD . THE PUBLISHER HAS SAID THAT THEY MADE A B-I-I-I-I-G MISTAKE AND WILL BE RELEASING A NEW VERSION WITH THE CORRECT CD IN SEPTEMBER , 2001 . =================================== ORIGINAL REVIEW OF THE 9TH EDITION =================================== First , this book does NOT come with audiocassettes ! Instead , the audio portion of the book comes on 4 CDs . So , if you do not have a CD player , you will NOT be able to listen to the Listening Practice . This book does NOT have a computer test . Instead , it has some questions in the book that simulate the computer questions . Half of the tests are written for people who have to take the paper test , the other half are for people who have to take the computer test.If you can only buy one book , you need a review of grammar and other sections of the test , and you want some practice tests , this book is your best choice . It has a lot of grammar explanations and lots of practice questions . So , it is a great value -- the price is low , and you get a lot of questions.However , the book is not perfect . Some of the questions are old , and you will not see those types on the TOEFL anymore . Furthermore , many of the questions are easier than the real TOEFL , especially the reading sections . Many of my students have said that the reading section is very , very hard and that they were not prepared for the real TOEFL when they took it.In short , if you can only buy one book , this one is okay , but you really should buy official TOEFL materials so that you will be ready for the real test when you take it .
 I think i got everything from this book.I learnt test tactics to get good score and the book helps me to take model tests and to improve my score . Got confidence that definitely i get good score.REALLY GREAT BOOK !!!
 I have this book , and after passing TOEFL with score higher than 620 , I still use it as a reference book.It is excellent !!!
 The best buy ever !! If anyone is thinking of buying any prep material for the TOEFL , look no further . There 's enough practice to get the score you need .
 Ok maybe u will think every book is the same like this one.But You can not compeare it before you test it.It was so helpfull for me.I did ` nt apply the test yet but I hope I will be succesfull with that one.I tried some books before that but as I said , you ca n't decide which one is better.And it is also not expensive to have it.Think , with only few Dollars you will be able to pass this this test.Just try and see ...
 I took the Toefl test this morning and I have to say that this book was very useful . I have n't received the official grades yet but my note should be between 215 and 265 , and given the fact that I 've just studied two hours a day for one month ... Definitely this book helped me a lot to improve my grammar , but I also believe that the examples were organized in a boring fashion . The practice tests for the listening section are really good , about the reading section ... my advice to you
 Does the CD rom include listening test ? As the book states that there are 8 model tests , so i suppose there should be listening audio included in the CD rom .
 this book is one of nicest book to prepare for toefl . i did n't find any material out of it . it covers all sides of toefl .
 `` Love the art in yourself , not yourself in the art . '' Truly one of the world 's greatest arts educators , Stanislavsky 's autobiography is beautifully written . It is a fascinating portrait of the history of modern acting and also of Russian history . Absolutely key for understanding the Method , and the development of today 's theater .
 Stanislavsky is still the most influential figure in modern or contemporary theater . In this book , he is open about his life especially the rough years in Russia , his first exposure to the theater , his first time at directing . He also writes about his professional relationship with another Russian , Anton Chekhov . He writes about his travels mostly in Russia such as his journeys to Petrograd , the Russian provinces that inspired many of Chekhov 's plays , and of course his first journey abroad . The book is really for theater junkies like myself who would have loved to have been a theatrical actress or director but life is n't so bad . He has directed William Shakespeare 's tragedies like Othello and Julius Caesar along with Chekhov favorites like The Cherry Orchard , The Three Sisters , Uncle Vanya and The Sea Gull . Stanislavsky also founded and developed the Moscow Theater Company . He did it all for love , not money nor fame . He became rich in so many other ways .
 For those in the arts , and especially those in dramatic art , this book is a must . It is the account of the father of modern truthful acting and a look into what a life spent towards creating art is about . While at times the book can drag a bit and get wordy , there is too much insight and inspiration in this book to pass it by . It is so wonderful to have an account of this mans amazing life in his own words to read , study and eventually aim for.A must read for those of the stage !
 This book is Stanislavski account of his experiences in working at the Moscow Art Theatre that he Co-founded with Vladimir Danthcheko -LRB- who also wrote a similar book from his perspective titled ' My life in the Russian Theatre ' -RRB- . The book deals with the problems the duo faced in ushering in modern theatre as we know it today and the solutions they came up with . Highly recommended for those interested in learning about this major revolution that happened in theatre at the end of 19th century .
 Excellent service from this vendor . I received my book right away -LRB- unlike from other vendors through Amazon -RRB- . The quality of the product was as described . The packaging used was great -LRB- in the past , I have had a package delayed through a vendor order on Amazon due to poor packaging -RRB- . I would not only buy from this vendor again , but would also buy from this vendor over other vendors ! Go Brooklyn !
 pretty good and clean just little fold on the peal , but it is so much cheaper than the book store . I will give five star for this book
 I am really glad with this book . It came to me in almost perfect conditions , and it really helped me .
 I first read this novel the year it was published and I was taking Prof. Sherwoods creative writing class at Indiana University . We all remember her moment of pure joy and modest disbelief . Frances is talented , tireless and very down to earth . The novel shows her dedication not only to research , but in telling a great story . She first mastered short story writing , and then the novel . I was not surprised to see that this wonderful teacher/writer has published many other novels since I last saw her . Readers wo n't be disappointed , and I urge them to read her short stories as well.Chrissy K. McVay - -LRB- former student of Prof. Sherwood -RRB- Author of ` Souls of the North Wind '
 Frances Sherwood masterfully retells the life and times of Mary Wollstonecraft . Friend to William Blake , Henry Fuseli and other artists , her biography is here given distinctly modern treatment . A fascinating woman , she witnessed the French Revolution , spent weeks locked up in infamous Bedlam , and had a series of disastrous love affairs . Sherwood 's recreation of 18th-century London draws the reader in completely . Once started , you will find it difficult to put this book down
 A thoughtful assessment of a tortured lifeSherwood 's touch is pitch perfect , bringing to life 18th Century England , days of abject poverty and the insurmountable chasm between poor and wealthy . Mary Wollstonecraft is born into a family that lives on the edge , everything meager , from scarce provisions to scarcer emotions . This familial absence of love mirrors the lack of all in a family defined by misery . Mary 's childhood is a nightmare of drunkenness and depravity visited upon the girl and her helpless siblings , the father a drunkard and the mother his willing victim.Mary 's awakening as a woman is much delayed , albeit inevitable , having wasted so many years trapped by dire circumstances . Her attractiveness exponential to her fearless intelligence , Mary 's writing consumes her , yet is a separate agony from the one regarding the men in her life . Predictably , Mary is haunted by childhood abuse , insecure in her dealings with men . In a beautiful blend of fact and fiction , Wollstonecraft experiences firsthand the horrors of Bedlam , the day-to-day insanity of the French revolution and the Age of Enlightenment . This novel is not frivolous ; the crafting of Vindication is superb , but painful
 I knew from history class that Mary Wollstonecraft was an early feminist and the mother of Mary Shelley , the author of `` Frankenstein '' . I had no idea what an incredibly eventful and meaningful life she led until I read this book . Wollstonecraft 's childhood was very edgy and anxiety-producing , with an alcoholic and abusive father , and a mother whose own perversity played to his abuse . The reader gets the impression that the mother has to participate in the disfunction to keep a roof over her head . Her loving paternal grandfather , who knew how unreliable his son was , left a will taking care of both his grandaughters and grandson . Wollstonecraft 's brother who had been a co-sufferer with his two sisters in the traumatic setting of their childhood , betrayed them by challenging the will in court . He succeeded in overturing the non-traditional will so Wollstonecraft and her sister were left indigent in spite of her grandfather 's wishes . In that era , a woman 's only option for supporting herself was marriage , witness the desperation of Wollstonecraft 's mother . A freethinker , Wollstonecraft continued to walk a tightrope all through life , getting involved sexually with several intellectual leading lights of her age -LRB- with results ranging from embarrassing and frustrating to disasterous , just like nowadays -RRB- , bearing a child out of wedlock , and always lacking in any kind of security in spite of her own prominence in the intellectual arena . The effects of her individualism even resulted in imprisonment in the infamous asylum `` Bedlam '' . This is the amazingly written story of a very interesting woman from history . If you read this , you will definitely not be bored , and you will see what important changes feminism has brought about in a relatively short period of time thanks to people like Mary Wollstonecraft .
 Vindication is a fascinating look at the life of a woman born too soon , who was intelligent , spirited , and disillusioned with the man 's world she found herself in . Frances Sherwood does a tremendous job of exploring Mary 's forays into independence followed by regression into the traditional , accepted woman 's role . In answer to other reviews , the sexual situations are not extreme -LRB- if you 're reading historical fiction , you should assume that the author has the right to imagine what her character was like in every aspect of her life -RRB- and help to explain why Mary was continually pulled back into relationships with men ... she enjoyed physical intimacy . Unfortunately , she equated intimacy with love and acceptance and like many women then and now , found herself seduced into hoping for `` happily ever after '' , but on her own terms . This book is an insightful look into life in the 18th century for both sexes .
 The blockheadedness & utter insensitivity of the two reviews below , in an open forum such as this , demand a response.Frances Sherwood 's reimagining of the life of the brave Mary Wollstonecraft , the woman who wrote the groundsbreaking `` Vindication of the Rights of Women , '' proves quite the equal of her subject . Sherwood brilliantly recreates her protagonist 's haunted Enlightenment world , at once alive with new ideas & half-smothered in medieval fears & prejudice . Better still , however , her history goes far beyond the merely correct , investing its conflicts with the chilled yet heightened humanity they must 've engendered at the time . The `` Mary '' of this book has the wallop of her namesake , providing a new testament to women 's toil & tragedy while never losing her humor , her smarts , or her desires .
 Vindication is really a treasure - a big red ruby of a novel that penetrates such important history witha raw heart and fierce intelligence . Wow .
 One of the best books I 've read . Excellent recreation of the life and times of an exceptional woman .
 This is a masterpiece - that women especially will findengaging - being dramatic fictionalized history . It brings to life an important intellectual who had being discarded on theheap of HIS-tory . The ending is on a level with `` Citizen Kane '' . and the book has been optioned to make a move . A True workof Art . Not to be missed william blake , hesse , and joycewould be proud !
 I read several reviews on this book already , and feel that what I have to say about this book has already been said . I loved this book , and found it to be quite the page turner .
 This book dates back to the civil war era . It was the fashion source that women turned to for the most current information on what to wear . If you have ever wondered what they really wore , and why they wore it then I would suggest that you look to these books for the answers . Typically these books have a full year bound together . Each month should have a color fashion plate featuring the current wardrobe fashions . They also have music , poems , short stories , knitting and crochet patterns , health tips and cooking hints . They provide a valuable insight into the era . If you are a civil war reenactor there is no better source for accurate information , and if you are just a fan of American history , these books are an outstanding source .
 I highly recommend this book and would have given it five stars except for the fact that there was a small typo or two in it -- not the fault of the authors , who are all excellent writers.Although the book states it 's for LDS writers who want to break into the LDS market , the advice given applies to national market publishing in many cases.I purchased this book at the beginning of my writing career , when I knew nothing about how to get my work published , and learned extensively from it . I 'd recommend it to anyone who is interested in having his or her work published . The information runs the gamut from how to write query letters to handling rejections . Thanks in part to `` Publising Secrets , '' my co-author , Nichole Giles , and I now have a book of LDS humor that will be released in the fall of 2009 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This book has everything a buding author would want to know . All the writers of the book are authors who have broken into the LDS market and know what they 're talking about . And they go though everything ! from how to handle difficult topics and thymes for an LDS audience , to how to write a quarry letter and submit your work , even on how they 've handled rejection letters . The advice from this book is just overwelming . It 's a absolute must have for anyone who wants to be an LDS author .
 Peter M. Daly , Professor of German at McGill University , is one of the founders of modern Emblematic research . His book is one of the best , holistic , introduction to the emblem and emblematic studies . Emblematics is one of the most curious sub-disciplines in Renaissance studies . Some professors that I 've talked to believe emblematics was a phenomenon of the 1970s and 1980s , and that its `` fad '' has since died out . I do n't think this is true . A brief search using the MLA bibliography shows that new articles and books in this field are published every year . I think emblematics will gain more popularity as time goes on , in large part because of its interdisciplinary approach . Emblematics combines studies in myth , fable , art , painting , literature , philosophy , semiotics , and visual media -- and of course Renaissance emblem books.In short , I highly recommend this book to those are interested in Renaissance studies , as well as to those who are just curious about how the gap between the fields of art history and literature has been bridged .
 RECIPES ARE DELICIOUS , VERY GOOD DESCRIPTIONS AND EASY TO FOLLOW STEPS . FOR THE BEGINNER VEGETARIAN/VEGAN I WOULD RECOMMED `` HOW IT ALL VEGAN '' THOUGH .
 This is an excellent vegan cookbook . The recipes are easy and delicious , and mimic authentic Italian food without the animal products . It should be in every vegan 's cookbook collection , and it would be a great addition for anyone wanting to dabble in veganism . Highly recommend this one . It is essential .
 This book looks like such a great resource into veganized ` authentic ' italian . Very excited to try some recipes . However , the kindle version is strange and often slightly out of order .
 This is a book to change the world ! It certainly changed mine . I was a longtime vegetarian , but I never thought I could love Italian food without dairy and eggs . How wrong I was ! If you want a better diet for your health , the planet , and the animals , here it is !!
 This book has food that taste like when you grew up . You can almost feel NaNa with you . I was suprised . I do n't care for books that make use of soy in place of meat and chesse . She is able to make it work . The only reason I gave this book 4 instead of 5 stars , is because one item I had to mail order . I was unable to find it locally .
 Has a nice variety of Italian meals , some more involved recipes , but very tasty .
 Bryanna has created the absolute best cookbook ever ! My friend originally bought this and when she told me I should get it , I remarked `` why would I need an Italian cookbook , I know how to cook vegan Italian ! '' I was then treated to several meals at my friend 's apt . where she used Nonna 's Italian Kitchen and was I wowed !!! I could n't believe how delicious these recipes are and how satisfying - much better than anything I 've ever had as a non-vegan ! Now every year for my birhday , my friend knows what I want for my birthday meal from her - the lasagna al forno Bolognese on page 113 - to die for -LRB- or to live for really ! -RRB- . Buy this book - all my non-vegan friends love the dishes and ca n't believe it 's not dairy !
 I took a while to cotton on to the joys of this book . I do n't know why , but I had it for several months before I realised what a gem it is . I think it 's the excellent background info she gives , the way she does n't talk down to you , and the handy hints that are n't confined to veganism , eg `` many cooks like to drain the pasta over the serving bowl to warm it '' . Now all you clever cooks out there may say `` doh ! '' , but I 'd never thought of that before . Oh , and the whole fresh pasta section is just spot-on . Besides giving a truly terrific recipe for egg-free fresh pasta , she has some indispensable hints on the type of pasta machine to buy and how to look after it . I too ca n't wait for her vegan Chinese book !
 This is the book to buy for all your vegan and vegetarian friends and family members . It is easy to read and to use ... has great recipes and handy hints in a novel layout - and the best part of all is that everything tastes delicious ! Some vegan recipes might be healthy but they are not always as tasty as the ` original ' Not so with this book ! Bryanna 's book is filled with recipes ranging from basic cooking instructions to exotic desserts ... all yummy and all relatively easy to make.As an added bonus , Bryanna gives lists of mail order resources for sometimes hard to find items - this is especially valuable if you are like me and live in a rural area without easy access to health stores.If you buy just one recipe book this Christmas season , this is the one to get ! If I could give it six stars I would !
 I have been looking so long for decent `` cheese '' fillings for pasta , and I 've found it here . She gives tasty alternatives to soy in many of her recepies , which I appreciate , because being vegan does n't necessarily mean that you like Tofu .
 I was happy to find a vegan book that has so many varieties for vegan cooking . The author gives a lot of suggestions of trying the same recipe . She shows you how to make your own meat -LRB- imitation -RRB- with great flavor . I ca n't wait to try them . Even if you do n't know where to buy the ingredients for your recipe , she tells you where you can get them . Now I am not afraid to tread in this new area of cooking for me.I would have liked to see the pictures for most of these recipes . There are no pictures in the book , but what it lacks in photographs , it more than makes up for with great recipes .
 Once again , Bryanna has written a book that inspires everyone to eat well - by `` well '' I mean both healthfully and with gusto . Fantastic vegan fare .
 This is a wonderful book with a nice combination of quick and other more involved recipes . I love Grogen 's side notes on the recipes and her comments in the beginning of the book . The recipes are divided up into courses of an authentic Italian meal , so it 's easy to plan a full menu , or just a single dish . These dishes would appeal to anyone , vegan or not . These are good , wholesome meals . Grogan mentioned in the introduction that Italian was her favorite cuisine with Chinese and Indian running a close second . Maybe she could be convinced to write a Chinese Vegan cookbook next ?
 Bryanna tackles Italian , a traditionally cream and cheese-rich culture , with as much authenticity as possible . Since Italian is a big part of Bryanna 's heritage , as she details in this cookbook , she seems to handle each recipe with care and very detailed explanations for those of us who may not be intimately familiar with the makings of each dish.Those who are vegan or simply egg-free will love her guide and recipes for making fresh pasta -LRB- yes , I said fresh egg-free pasta ! -RRB- ; those who crave the rich flavors of cheese will delight in the alternative recipes for mascarpone , Parmesan , and ricotta -LRB- Bryanna typically provides soy-free , nut-free , and at times gluten-free options for staple recipes such as these -RRB- ; and those like myself will be drawn in by the many comfort food recipes . The countless recipes for cream sauces , risottos , potato dumplings , stuffed pastas , rich casseroles , pastry cr&egrave;mes -LRB- 5 recipes for different pastry cr&egrave;mes alone -RRB- , and tarts are enough to make me want to hibernate in my kitchen for the winter!Beyond dairy alternative , vegans will also like the many traditionally meat-filled Italian dishes that Bryanna takes on . Though my family is still omnivorous , I must admit that veal cutlets and Italian meatballs are no match for her animal-free creativity.Of note , Bryanna writes very detailed instructions , often with many alternative options . This can be a very good thing , but , like many traditional Italian recipes , some of the recipes can be involved , best for a leisurely Sunday afternoon . This by no means covers all of the recipes though . Most of the sauces can be whipped up in minutes , and there is a plethora of pasta , hearty soup , and vegetable dishes that could actually be considered quick and easy . Among these , I was particularly taken by the creamy Bechamel sauce and the Pasta with Spicy Eggplant . Plus many of the recipes , like the potato dumplings -LRB- I am dying to try the pumpkin version ! -RRB- become quite quick to make once you get the hang of it.If I were to suggest any change for this cookbook , it would be simply be a minor layout issue . Though not a deal breaker by any means , I often mess up recipes when they are in a `` run on '' format . That is , one recipe may start in the middle of a page , run on to the next page , and immediately be followed by the next recipe , and so on . It could just be my poor eyesight , but I find myself accidentally reading from the wrong recipe when they are in this free flowing format . However , I must give kudos for the well-sized print and the notes for calories , fat , and carbohydrates on each recipe , which many people may find useful.And just in case you were wondering , there are recipes for pizza , calzones , and tiramisu !
 What a wonder this cookbook is ! I do n't hesitate to say this is by far the most wonderful vegan cookbook I have ever bought ; it is simply packed with recipes -LRB- and variations -RRB- , and do n't be scared off by the lack of photos , every recipe is simply so mouthwatering ! Bryanna Clark Grogan provides delicious alternatives to dairy - , egg - and meatproducts , and there is simply everything you 'd need in this book
 A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years , concentrating on Italian cooking for the last 10 years , writes this review . My favorite cookbooks are `` The Professional Chef '' by the Culinary Institute and `` Culinary Artistry '' . With more than 500 cookbooks in my collection I am usually disappointed in my recent cookbook acquisitions . I am also very tough on Italian cookbooks in particular.My husband and decided to try a vegan lifestyle about 3 months ago to reduce cholesterol . However , having to give up many of our favorite Italian foods was extremely difficult . Thankfully , as I was beginning to consider adding dairy back to our menu I found this book . It is a much better Italian cookbook than I expected it to be.The book is outlined as follows :1 . Italian Cuisine2 . Ingredients and Equipment for Italian Cooking3 . Basic Recipes and Techniques4 . Sauces5 . Appetizers , Vegetable Side Dishes6 . Making Fresh PastaFirst Courses -LRB- Primi Piatti -RRB- 7 . Pasta in Sauce8 . Stuffed Pasta
 I 've been vegan for about 4 years now , and I 've been cooking all of my meals for 2 or 3 . I 've spent over $ 100 on a shelf full of vegan cookbooks . This one is the best I own . It 's the only cookbook I have that has recipes that make food that 's outright better than anything I ate before I went vegan ! Ever since I started making my own vegan pizzas , I absolutely stopped missing the greasy things that I 'd been getting delivered , and the pasta recipes here are the best I 've ever had.The only problem with this book is that the recipes can take a while to prepare . If you 're not a big fan of cooking , this probably is n't the book for you . But if you 're glad to spend an hour in the kitchen making a meal and want to have some great vegan food , this book is a must !
 This was a great addition to my collection of vegetarian recipe books . Not only does it list authentic vegan Italian recipes of all kinds , it explains every ingredient and gives background on Italian food and veganism in general , without dwelling on things we already know as informed vegetarians ! It would make a good gift for anyone who loves to cook , vegetarian or not .
 I must admit that I have n't tried out all the recipes in this book so far . But the vegan tiramisu is so outstanding , that even if it was the only tasty recipe , this book would be worth it !!! My non vegan friends ca n't believe it is made without dairy and request me to make it for birthdays and other celebrations . When I became vegan I thought I would never be able to eat tiramisu again , but thanks to Bryanna I can enjoy my favourite dessert again ! I ca n`t wait to try the nondairy cheese fillings !
 This book is not only a must for vegan kitchens but for everyone who likes Italian food . The recipes make very authentic tasting vegan versions of popular dishes . My vegan friends are enjoying this food too , always the best sign .
 I am Italian , I love cooking and I love eating , and I am also a vegetarian tending to vegan , and that 's why I got this book.This book contains many favorites of Italian cooking , in vegan version . So where meat is called for in the original dish it 's replaced by seitan or similar vegan meat substitute ; same with cheese and other animal products.It 's very useful if you are vegan but not everyone in your family is , as you can cook the same dish in two version , like I often make hunter 's chicken for my husband and a hunter 's seitan -LRB- or other meat substitute -RRB- for my daughter and myself.The reason why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is that the book is not always precise in its descriptions of original dishes and many of the Italian names are mispelled , sometimes badly ; from these two aspects it looks like the Mrs. Clark-Grogan did n't do an accurate research , but instead relayed on her relatives to give her the correct information . But overall , the book is a great buy , and I wouls suggest it to any vegan and to anyone who wants to eat good but also healthy .
 As an Italian who grew up in a meat eating household , I was looking for tasty Italian meals that are not meat centered . This book is excellent and the recipes I have made are very flavorful . My meat eating husband likes everything I have made from this book . I am not actually a vegan , but limit my dairy and have had great results with this book . Also , I love the multiple details and explantations she give about Italian history and food.One note though , many of the recipes are involved so if you do n't like to spend a lot of time in the kitchen , this may not be the book for you . Also , I am not into meat analogs , so I have avoided this chapter . But , other than that I think this cookbook is excellent for anyone looking to prepare healthy veg . Italian meals !
 Most of the reviewers here are giving it one star because they are upset that the book has a few errors regarding their native cuisine . So what ? This book is wonderful . Its very crybaby-ish to get upset about inaccuracies regarding food . There are some errors , but that can only be expected in such a comprehensive volume . I have traveled many places in the world , and the book is absolutely correct about some things regarding the food in those countries . Its also very comprehensive and covers food and dietary habits in countries all over the world , including various regions of the U.S.A. -LRB- Eastern seaboard , Hawaii and Alaska , Midwestern , New England , Pacific Northwest , New Orleans , Southern Regions and Southwestern -RRB- . I would recommend this book for anyone who enjoys sampling food from other countries , its also a good reference book for chefs and cooks .
 This book is truly a labor of love . No other book has such varied multicultural information all in one place . This book should be celebrated for its diversity and insight into the world of every imaginable cooking experience on the planet.I value this book highly for it 's insight into a world I may not be able to visit without a reading tour . I have found her research to mirror much of my own research and I would highly recommend this book to those who look at cooking from an intellectual level and are curious about other cultures.My grandmother has always told me I have a Norwegian heritage and I was delighted by the 7 carefully written pages on this subject.If you want an overview of cooking from Africa , Albania , America , Armenia , Australia , Austria , Belgium , Canada , China , Holland , England , France , Germany , Iran or even Japan ... this is the book for you . While you will not find recipes you will finally understand what Mealie-meal is or why Bobotie is so good . ~ The Rebecca Review
 This is a superior book throughout . If you 're a Bradbury fan , Eller & Toupence will give you a new appreciation of an old favorite . The biographical details and info on the pulp magazine world of the 1940s and 1950s were eye-opening as well . Reading this , I came to understand how Bradbury worked his ass off to bring us the stories and books that have become part of American culture . On their best days , Poe and Hemingway could n't touch R.B. Kudos to Eller & Toupence for their fantastic work . -LRB- I recommend , though , skipping the lengthy introduction , which is an academic-style snooze , unlike the rest of the book -RRB- . Here 's hoping mainstream literati will read this , and celebrate Bradbury as the genius he is . In other words , a damn fine effort .
 While I was in middle school I checked the book out numerous times . I loved the book . I loved Cleo , I loved her story and her strength . I even knew the exact location of that book and what the hardcover picture looked like . Move on in time to high school and college and every so often I would scour for the book -LRB- the title of which I had forgotten but I knew the authors last name began with an 'M ' . -RRB- So finally after finishing college I went back to my old town and asked to go into the junior high library . I found the book . On the same shelf , same location and with me being the last person to have checked it out .
 Wonderful book that I discovered in junior high . Several years later I bought a copy and this novel has become one of a treasured few I read again every year . The central character -LRB- indeed , practically the only character for most of the book -RRB- grows so much during her experience that you remember her life changes long after you put down the book . As always , great fast-moving , realistic storytelling from Harry Mazer .
 I first read this book when I was in ninth grade . Ever since , I have kept Cleo 's experience on that beautiful island in my heart . When I began college memories from the book kept resurfacing . I knew I had to find it ! I could n't remember the author 's name or the title , so my search was pretty close to hopeless . Finally , after asking many librarians and looking through endless card catalouges over 8 years , I accidentally found it in January while using the WWW.AMAZON.Com search engines . I ordered it immediately and read it as soon as I recieved it . To read it again now as a 28 year old was a whole new adventure , but it also brought back old memories and feelings that I had as a 14 year old . I recommend this book to any teenager or adult looking for an escape . The experiences that Cleo goes through are so real , and well-researched . I 'm so glad to have found this wonderful book after such a long search !
 I really enjoyed this book . I bought it a week ago and finished it in 1 day . It was so intresting . Odd how someone like Cleo would just run away . She uses so much of her resources that its so amazing how she survives . I would recommend this book to anyone who likes nature , geography , etc. . Actually , it 's good for anyone practically .
 I 'm shocked to find out my method of finding and remembering this book is so similar to so many others that have created reviews . In third grade , my elementary school library was selling some of the books in the library for real cheap . . this is the one i bought because I was drawn to the cover . As an avid childhood reader , I started reading this book but had difficulty understanding it . My dad actually took it away from me because he said it was too old for me -LRB- I was 8 -RRB- . As I said , I was an avid childhood reader - I read hundreds of books as a child , but this was one I knew I had to save for the day I could comprehend it . As it turns out , I went into the basement just today to help my mom bring up Christmas decorations . I found this book , and something drew me to it . I 've been trying to get back into reading for a while . I started reading this book -LRB- I barely read anymore , I have n't read a book in over a year -RRB- and I completely fell in love . Cleo became my hero in a matter of hours . After just finishing this book , I 'm shellshocked . I 'm definitely going to start reading again , this book is unbelievable and has inspired me in ways I might never fully understand . Cleo 's struggle to find out who she is , her character transformation , the amount of strength she endeavors upon her journey to the island . . it 's so well written and relatable . Truly a treasure in time , I feel honored to have found this book .
 As a former teenage girl , I decided this book would be perfect for my teenage daughter . I was really surprised when , while talking to my husband , I learned that he had read and enjoyed this book as a teenager as well . -LRB- And remembered it , twenty years later ! -RRB-
 Like many others I remembered this book from my youth . My daughter recently read a book called `` Hatchet '' by Gary Paulsen which is very similar in overall plot . Hatchet is about a boy who is stranded alone and must fend for himself though . I loved how the main character in Island Keeper grows so much while alone on the island . She starts off kind of unlikable . She has no friends and we get the impression she does n't even like herself . Learning to survive on her own changes all that .
 Out of the hundreds of books I have read through out my life , this book remains one of the most endearing to me . Maybe it is the way Cleo triumphs over her life troubles and struggles that I like . Or maybe it was something that I would have liked to do as a girl-escape and make my own pathway toward learning about myself . We are reading this book in our book review group in March 06 and I am so excited to share this with my adult friends who maybe by reading it will have gained an appreciation for this young 16 year old hero .
 I read this book for the first time at age 14 , and keep returning to it year after year . I 'm now 25 , and this book still has not lost its appeal . Anyone who has ever wanted to run away , felt fat and lonely and unable to do anything right , or simply likes a good story that is wholly believable , READ THIS BOOK
 Reading through the other reviews I notice that most are from women and how much this book impacted our young lives . I read this book over and over again -LRB- along with Cold River another survival tale -RRB- . I think it was the strength in this character and her knack at learning survival skills that always pulled me in to reread it . I would still sit and read this book in fact I think I might have to splurge for a used copy .
 I loved this book , it was great . I was reading it for school and i lost my copy ! I have to buy two more , one for me and one for my teacher ! I love how Cleo 's character evolves and how she thinks . I recommend this book for everyone !
 out of all the books i have ever read , this is the one that has made an impact on me . after reading it in 8th grade , i look upon my experience with this book as if i was there with cleo , as if the story were a palpable distant memory of my own . i come back to the book often to relive Cleo 's adventure .
 I read `` Cold River '' after the German translation came out and after the TV movie had been shown . Once I had watched it , I had to read the book.I even went to Cold River in the Adirondacks in 1994 , but in order to get to the spot where the book takes place , one needs to ride on horseback -LRB- ask at Cold River Ranch , they offer horses -RRB- . That did lead me to read Harry Mazer 's `` The Island Keeper '' -LRB- an even better wilderness book about a girl surviving all by herself on an island in a huge lake ... Mazer wrote the book in 1981 -RRB- which unfortunately never became a movie although one reader review mentions a movie , but I checked us.imdb.com , Harry Mazer is not in their database . `` Snowbound '' is another Harry Mazer book I can recommend to everybody who enjoyed `` Cold River '' and `` The Island Keeper '' . If you are interested in some other great wilderness book escapes , read Anne LaBastille 's autobiographies `` Woodswoman '' and `` Beyond Black Bear Lake '' . I forgot the name of the author who wrote `` My Side of the Mountain '' -LRB- there are two sequels -RRB- which became a good film , too.And last , but not least there is Gary Paulsen who wrote two great books about Brian who survived an airplane crash and ended up being lost in the wilderness in winter -LRB- good books , good movie -RRB- .
 The Island Keeper is a great adventure book . Cleo has to learn how to take care of herself out in the wild without the modern technology we have today . She also has to do it the hard way .
 This is one of the most incredible books I 've ever read . It gives wonderful insight into the life of someone who is just becoming self-dependant and self-reliant . It shows the struggles of really growing up . And how this incredible girl coped with life 's problems .
 The Gilcrease Museum in Tulsa , Oklahoma houses one of the best , if not the pre-iminent , collections of Western American art in the world . Of the half million or so items in the museum , some 200 have selected by the museum 's curators for photographing and presentation in this large format book.Included are paintings by Catlin , Russell , Moran , and Remington . The front cover of the book is Moran 's `` Tower Falls '' perhaps the single thing that caused the Congress to set aside Yellowstone National Park.While the subject of the American West may be thought of by some as not suitable for serious work , some of the painting , such as the night time scene of the Pony Express -LRB- Frank Tenney Johnson -RRB- are of as high a technical quality as can be found anywhere.A mere book is not the same as visiting the museum , but is about as close as most of us can come.Beautiful Book !
 This is a great guide to the Gilcrease collection in Tulsa , OK . After visiting the museum I wanted more and this book filled the bill . It contains a nice collection of pictures of the key pieces , both paintings and sculptures , in the museum as selected by the curators and also contains pictures and postcards from the archives which are not on display all the time . This book adds completion to my visit to this wonderful art collection . This is a nicely produced book with complete descriptions of the pieces presented .
 I ca n't help but think this book would have been far better as a non-fiction piece . The characters are not really that absorbing , and I feel that the narrator has much more to say about the experience of kayaking or canoeing the Northwest Coast from Sitka to Oregon than the fiction format allows him to . The description of the sea and land is really amazing and makes it absolutely worth reading . However , I have a bit of sympathy for the reviewer who said it was boring because the plot is not as gripping as a summary would suggest -LRB- 4 men escape from Novo-Arkhangelsk , now Sitka , in order to eventually return to Sweden -RRB- . It is a man against nature story , but I suppose I found the nature part much more interesting than the men.A non-fiction reflection retracing this journey interwoven with the author 's own thoughts probably would have been much more gripping.Still , it is worth reading nonetheless .
 I have only read one Doig work which did not completely enthrall me . This is yet another lovely piece of prose .
 Book was a little hard to get started on but once into it was quite interesting . Written different than what I am ; used to
 Ivan Doig is a favorite author . all of his books are excellent , and i very often urge others to read them
 Only took me about a week to read . Gripping , full of priceless jargon from the times and greatly insightful . I miss the characters a lot .
 ONE OF THE MOST MOVING SURVIVAL STORIES I HAVE READ - LIKE SHACKLETON 'S ANTARCTIC ADVENTURE . HIS PROSE IS TRULY UNIQUE , RICH AND CAPITIVATING , AND AS IF IT WAS WRITTEN AS A DAY BY DAY JOURNAL AS THE VOYAGE UNFOLDED IN THAT ERA . EACH OF DOIG 'S BOOKS ARE ADICTIVE . SOMETIMES THE PLOT 'S ARE SLOW TO UNFOLD , BUT IT IS WELL WORTH WAITING AS THE READER BECOMES A PARTICIPANT IN EACH OF THEM .
 The writing seemed a bit stilted at times , but the scenery is lovely , and the dialog has some really witty comments .
 I loved the novel , but my enjoyment in reading it as a Kindle e-book was hampered by the frequent mis-transcriptions introduced , apparently , in the process of rendering book into e-book . This problem is most evident in the early pages . There , `` no '' is more than once replaced by `` 110 '' . Mention is made of `` Okhotsk 011 the coast of Siberia '' , where `` 011 '' in the original was presumably either `` on '' or `` off '' . A character is introduced as having been `` Horn on the isle of Gotland '' instead of `` Born '' . These are only a few examples of the many transcription errors one could cite . This e-dition should be heavily discounted!Doig 's prose is delightfully inventive in both syntax and vocabulary . I wish I could read it on my Kindle as originally written -- enter into its flow , open my mind to its idiosyncrasies -- without having to stop and puzzle out all the typos .
 I loved this book . Doig 's writing is an immediate immersion into wonders of place and character . Which is the reason NOT to read this on a kindle . Like the two last Doig books I read -LRB- Work Song and Whistling Season -RRB- the kindle version is full of bizarre , distracting typographical errors . The publisher should do better by this author 's careful prose .
 Ivan Doig has a style that is absolutely mesmerizing ! I have read all of his books and my only disappointment is that I have no more to read . I have hopes of a future when I can read them all again.He can craft a sentence with highly unorthodox structure and convey the feelings , the beauty , and the emotion that is not found in contemporary works.His love for Montana and the Pacific Coast comes through vividly ... but it 's his feel for people and their personal strengths and weaknesses that make his stories unforgettable.Read anything you can by this man .
 Ivan Doag has captured my attention . After reading this great adventure story , I intend to order more books written by this author . His ability to create dialogue and tell a fascinating tale is remarkable . My only wish is for a sequel .
 Ivan Doig is a fine writer who usually sites his stories in the American West . This novel begins in Alaska , however , and is that rarest of finds - a good yarn .
 Sea Runners will etch the coastline of British Columbia in your mind . An awesome tale .
 Ivan Doig 's story of four indentured servants attempting escape 1200 miles from Alaska to Oregon apparently has some basis in truth -LRB- for such an attempt did take place -RRB- , although he adds his vivid imagination and powerful capacity for describing the natural world to the basic story.In fact , Doig 's ability to describe the fierceness of nature is the best feature of this book . Doig 's literary style , though , is a bit Hemingway-esque to me -LRB- I like ` real ' Hemingway but not Hemingway-esque -RRB- . His characters speak in stoic monosyllabic bursts , although the narrative voice seems in contrast torrid and mannered . These stoic characters sporadically explode with highly emotional self-revelation
 Descriptions of the Pacific Northwest are accurate and beautiful . The rhythm of the book captures the frustration of its characters and makes it part of your life . I felt I was on the sea paddling for seemingly forever . What kind of characters are required to make a superhuman effort ? What kind of relationships are developed by disparate humans when pitted against great odds ? Doig helps to answer these questions . This is a MUST READER for understanding the Pacific Northwest .
 This book is an excellent story of courage and strength against the harshest forces of nature . The four characters in the story are all brought together through one goal -- freedom . Even the fierce and mighty ocean will not stop them from what they wish to obtain . Although their lives as indentured servants in Alaska are not horrible , they are still willing to risk it all for just a taste of freedom . Ivan Doig has a wonderful grasp on the Pacific Northwest and the society in the mid-1800s . His characters are developed quite effectively throughout their struggles and triumphs . Yet at the end , the reader is left to decide whether the voyage was entirely successful . It is important to remember that , to these men , adventure and freedom were more important than a life of security and dissatisfaction . This book is great for those who live in the Pacific Northwest or for those who wish to learn more about it .
 I have lived in Washington and Southeast Alaska for 25 years . Over these years I have been to or seen most of the places Doig writes about , from Sitka to Dall Island -LRB- crabbing with a friend -RRB- , to Vancouver Island and Prince Rupert , as well as the Pacific coast of Washington . The mere thought of getting into a canoe and crossing Dixon Entrance in the winter sounds like suicide . The images of the mountains , trees and water are so true I could feel them.The story about the men is also very true and brings back to me experiences with men over my life , in circumstances good and bad . We are weak , fragile things and usually hold onto the normal and cozy for comfort , but these men took on the unknown and elements with a courage few can muster ; though whether they would have done this if they had known what they faced is questionable.Doig does an admirable job of capturing the beauty , the menace and the feeling of SE Alaska , as well as the courage and weaknesses of men .
 Wonderful story . Fear was the constant . I could hear the voices , see the scenery , smell the smells . I loved it .
 After a recent trip from Seattle to Juneau on a small cruise ship -LRB- 100 passengers -RRB- I read this book , which is based upon a true story , upon the recommendation of a fellow passenger . It was the perfect post script to a modern day cruise up the coast of British Columbia and Alaska 's `` inside passage '' -LRB- along its southeast coast -RRB- . Author Voig 's four Swedes , all indentured servants escaping from the the Russians , take a similar route , but they do it in 1860 -LRB- when Alaska was `` Russian America '' -RRB- and they head South from Sitka to Astoria , Oregon . They travel in a twenty foot open dugout canoe stolen from the `` Kaloshes '' , a sect of Northwest Indians -LRB- Tlingit -RRB- . The Swedes experience the same unpredictable weather , seas and coastline as they modern day traveler , but they have no cablin , dining room or tour director . And they have to paddle all the way - a distance of over one thousand miles . The tale is a tribute to the human spirit . Ivan Voig knows this part of the world , and he enabled me to relive my fabulous trip as high adventure from my living room chair .
 Based on a true incident , this tale of the escape of indentured workers from a fish packing plant in Alaska in the 1800s is hair-raising adventure . Doig 's descriptions of the trials the men face in the unforgiving wilderness are masterful and vivid . There 's humor here too . At first , the syntax was challenging , but Doig succeeds in giving the narrative a Scandinavian and historical flavor through the language . This boat takes some startling turns , so hang on !
 Ivan Doig is a word-smith who crafts wonderful stories in beautiful language . This early book of his is no exception . Taking a sparse , true account from the mid-1800 's he develops a wonderful tale of escape and survival .
 An enjoyable survivalist tale , along the lines of `` The Long Walk '' or even Shackleton 's `` Endurance . '' Basically four workers escape an indentured work camp in Alaska , steal an Indian canoe and try to make it down the coast of British Columbia and what is now the state of Washington to make it to the settlement at the mouth of the Columbia River.The depictions of the water and scenery is good . The author spent some time researching the surroundings . The rough humor and tension between the men is hilarious . As they battled starvation during their journey my only question is why did n't they catch more fish , as that coastline is chock full of fish , but that 's a minor detail . Love the scene where they get to witness a Northwest Indian tribe bring in a whale , as that is of historical significance . You 'll feel an ache in your own back and blisters on your own hands as you empathize with their journey.First book of his that I 've read , and I now want to find more .
 This is a stellar example of how beautiful prose writing can be . Story telling is an art , a skill , and this is as good as it gets .
 This is a very good reference for those who would like to improve their public speaking skill . This book will help you develop self-confidence , learn how to persuade , get action , inform , impress , entertain , and convince . The easy five-step program will show you how to be a powerful and effective speaker .
 Dale Carnegie , most known for his masterpiece `` How to Win Friends & Influence People '' produces a compelling and articulate work with The Quick & Easy Way to Effective Speaking.Carnegie has the writing skill to convey the obvious in a manner that leaves one asking themselves why they had never put these principles into action in the first place . Many detractors of Carnegie 's doctrine have suggested that he merely affirms the obvious ; yet the intrigue is buried within the notion that while apparent , few people actually in fact apply these simple principles.Carnegie 's standards are derived from countless studies , trials and investigations ; thus his premise is sound and proven . He delves into a all encompassing overview of what is needed to fully be an effective public speaker . Each chapter has a mission and covers such topics as confidence , content , reading the audience , and being persuasive.I have no doubt that anyone seeking to improve , perfect , or even start a public speaking endeavor should review the principles outlined in The Quick & Easy Way to Effective Speaking , thus I recommend this book favorably .
 I was n't planning on giving a speech when I read this book - I just thought it would give me some ideas in case I had to do so in the future . As with Dale Carnegie 's other books , `` The Quick and Easy Way to Effective Speaking '' presents individual points of advice fattened by entertaining anecdotes and examples from the lives of well-known people and from Carnegie 's own experience . As Carnegie himself suggests , the actual advice could be summarized within the space of a few pages -LRB- There 's a summary at the end of each chapter -RRB- but the stories and examples make the the information more digestible . This edition was actually edited and released posthumously by Dale Carnegie 's wife . The title is a little misleading because the number one lesson of public speaking to take away from the book is the importance of practice and preparation . There are no shortcuts . Although some of the examples are a little dated , this is still a worthwhile book to read especially if you enjoyed Carnegie 's other books .
 I loved this book . I am in the process of becoming a public speaker and wanted to be very affective with the people I speak to . This book helped me to make sure my workshop is designed in the correct order to teach from A to B rather than floundering around from one to another topic never smoothly progressing toward the ultimate goal . I am well on my way to become an excellent public speaker .
 The nice thing about this book is that it is full of practical and proven techniques and fundamentals of communicantion and speaking.I strongly recommend this book to everyone .
 How to Win Friends etc. will probably always outsell this one . But the former book you can always practice with your family , neighbors and co-workers one at a time . With `` The Quick Easy Way to Effective Speaking '' you have to face the crowd , which is more difficult . This book seems to be an updated revision of a book on public speaking by Mr. Carnegie which was written long before . Dale Carnegie died in 1955 , and for the previous 40 years of his life , through his classes and through his writings , he was a great courage teacher for the average person , and his spirit still flows strongly through his books .
 Although Dales books are quite old the concepts he introduces remain tried and true . I have read another of dales books `` How to win friends and influence people '' And they are both fantastic . This book in particuliar i see as being of great value to anyone who has ever struggled with public speaking .
 Practical and simple way to understand how the lack of truth within our communication produces a sinful , mediocre life . God wants more from us and the truth does set you free . This book peels back the layers and exposes the things we use to cover and escape from the truth . Most needed and excellent for everyone .
 The book was delivered quite a while after purchase date although within the time frame specified by Amazon .
 This book has 14 chapters of examples and insight into public speeching . The author , who taught public speaking at seminars for 40 years , has learned alot and communicates his ideals well in written form . I really envy those who had a chance to listen to his public speeches . That is the weakest part of this book , which the author admits . It does n't matter how much you read about speaking , you have to go out and do it , or you ca n't get better.With that noted , this book does a great job at describing the speaking process . It starts by reviewing `` the basics '' and then divides his book into the special potential needs of its readers . At its core , this book tries to address the fears of its readers . It appear that public speaking strikes fear into more people , then anything else . If you are scared , you ca n't think well or express yourself clearly . Thus , if you can conquer your fear , you are on your way to giving a great speech . `` Quick '' discusses three things to do . First , be prepared . You ca n't talk intelligently about any topic , if you do n't understand it . Second , try to speak to your interests . The more you care about something , the more interesting will be your speech . Third , remember your audience . Even if you love __________ -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- , you need to understand that your audience may not . Since , no speech is effective if you lose your audience , you have to remember their needs.The other thing `` Quick '' does is give you good tips . Do n't try to use them all at once . My advise , pick the one , or two you like the best and work on them . Once you perfect them , or decide you do n't like them , try something else . For example , I like `` Quick 's '' suggestions of using names when you tell a story . `` Imagine a hero with no name '' who would remember him ? Well , if you want to use an example with people , give them names , it makes it easier for your audience to relate to them.This is this book 's strongest foundation , the colorful examples and the author ability to relate to his readers through them . He quotes famous people like Lincoln and Julius Ceaser repeatedly . He also cites more ordinary people to show how real people have good insights into life.Overall , the examples and the organization are interesting and add to its strength . `` Quick '' is a good book , a good `` primer '' for new speakers . I do n't think more experienced speakers will enjoy it as much , but there is enough here to please most people who want to improve their speaking skill , novice or expert .
 The book has been reworked so may times and improved by the experiences of the Dale Carnegie Organization . That is what makes this book so good . This last revision by Dorothy Carnegie based on Mr. Carnegie 's notes and plans is benefited by a strong editorial approach . The most important persistent advise is to talk about things you care about and are extremely knowledgeable about . Be excited about the subject or pick a new topic . Find every opportunity to speak and prepare for each one as a major opportunity . It tells how to limit your subject so that you have time to fill in the details that make it a winning talk . It guides you on how to personalize the speech and use words that have impact . The easy introduction to the methods of studying and understanding your audience are very important . It makes a good start on the field of audience participation . This book provides excellent advise on rehearsal.This book along with every other speaking book drives home the point that there is no such thing as a good impromptu talk unless you were very lucky . In reality you work on subjects and material with a plan to use it at some future time . When you are speaking there are many things to watch . If you speak impromptu on a new subject some thing is going to suffer.Introducing a speaker or presenting an award seems to stimulate reckless behavior much like the cutting desire to hurt people of newscasters . This book explains why this behavior is so short sighted.Having read a Dale Carnegie book decades ago , I put off reading this book for fear it would be full of positive thinking dribble . This book is completely straight forward in style . It is in textbook format , but it is extremely easy too read . The examples of actual students and successful speakers get a little shallow sometimes . The outstanding thumbnail review of each part of the book is very helpful . I have read 21 books on public speaking . Right now this book is my leading candidate for someone that is only interested in reading one book on public speaking . It just happens to be a very low price .
 I 've been a member of Toastmasters Clubs and been trained in all the `` fundamentals of speaking '' but I 'll tell you something
 Before I joined Toastmaster International about year ago , I always wanted to speak better in public . Now I am a member of Toastmasters Club , I find this book very helpful whenever I give speeches at our meetings.The nice thing about this book is that it is full of practical and proven techniques and fundermentals of communicantion and speaking . No elaborate theories , just plain simple but extremely effective ways of preparing talks , short or long , what audience likes to hear about , how to give attention getting openings and closings in your speeches among others.All these ideas I put them to work right away in every speech . How many times can you read something and use it on the same day?I strongly recommend this book to everyone not just for public speaking , but for daily interaction between people , jobs and social occasions .
 I read this book back in 1972 and it had been around for many years then . It is simply the finest single book I 've read on public speaking , and for several years I made my living on the platform . I 've suggested it to many people over the years and have never heard anything but compliments.Someone wrote a negative and mean spirited review of this book , even suggesting it was written by someone else after Mr. Carnegie passed away . What garbage . To give himself creditability he indicated he was a college professor . Maybe he is , maybe he is n't but I also teach at a university and I felt compelled to write this.Despite what this person says , Dale Carnegie 's book on speaking has been in print for many years and sold copies in the millions . This is what I 'd call surviving the test of time . The public , by deciding where to spend their money really determines the worth of this book.If anyone is serious about learning to speak in public , I ca n't think of a better book to suggest .
 As a member of Toastmasters I have access to a wide variety of materials and seminars on public speaking . However , this one book covered more material in less space and in easier terms than all the seminars I 've attended . His style is not that of a college textbook - if it were I would n't have read it . His style is straight from the hip . I consider this book to be my textbook , with Toastmasters providing the chance to practice what I 've read . This book has done more to improve my speeches than the formal Toastmaster 's evaluations .
 If you have never gotten up and spoken in front of a group before or if you have spent years on the lecture circuit , Carnegie guide on speaking will help you and improve your speaking skills.Carnegie lays out the ground work starting with the fundamentals of speaking such as effective ways on keeping and holding your audiences attention and then moves more into detail in giving the tips and tricks of how to handle different areas such as introductions , presenting awards , and the ever abundant fundraising and call to action speeches.What makes the book really interesting is all the stories he provides from his years of experience in teaching these classes . These tales put into example points he is trying to make in his work.Overall , Carnegie work is effective in it 's approach , easy to read and follow and highly enjoyable .
 You can rarely go wrong if you follow this rule of thumb
 Dale Carnegie discusses several aspects of effective speaking :1 . Keep your goal before you , visualize success , and seize every opportunity to practice .2 . Prepare well and be confident .3 . Speak on a topic that you have expertise in and are passionate about .4 . Limit the scope of your talk , know 10X what you put on slides , and fill talk with illustrations and examples .5 . Talk to your listeners ' interests , give honest and sincere appreciation , empathize with audience , make them a partner in your talk , be modest .6 . For short talks , give an example / incident from your life -LRB- 70 % -RRB- , state your point and action desired from audience , and the benefit that the audience may expect .7 . For informational talks compare strange with familiar .8 . For impromptu talks , get into an example immediately , speak with animation / enthusiasm .9 . Converse with your audience , specific details helpNumerous examples reinforce the above notes . Useful and easy to apply .
 Myth
 I found this book a big help when I had to give a couple of presentations at a trade fair and a professional meeting . When my brother in law told me he had to give a speech I lent him my copy of the book . He told me that his speech went very well , and he did not give the book back to me !
 I read book Quick and Easy Way to Effective Speaking . It gave me practical skills to do my presentation in the right way . I defended my thesis on 29th of December 2010 . Some professors said me , that it was interesting speech . The principle of effective learning is read and do as written . Moreover it allow me to raise my language skills in English , because this book is written in understandable way and I am Russian . Many thanks to author and people who produced this book . Danil from Tomsk , Siberia
 It was what I expected it was and told me what I needed to know . It 's a very worthwhile purchase
 For many who does n't know Dale Carnegie , he is a great human being who emphasizes on all but complicated things . He looks into simple things in life and gives you the straight-in-your-face advice to live it better . All his books holds a valuable space in my library . A book written so long ago but still applicable today .
 If you can get past the setting of the book , it provides lots of helpful hints on presenting various subject . A very good read . I am planning on purchasing other books by this author .
 I loved this book ! It contains very helpful , real methods for becoming a better public speaker . The key , of course , will be in the readers practice and implementation , although the information is sure to help.Terry M. Drake , LSW , NBCCHAuthor ofLive Happily , Ever After ... Now !
 Excellent book . This book has been in print for so many years and has tremendous credibility . Reads like a textbook . A person in business who communicates must read this book . I highly recommend .
 I read and shop for a lot of self improvement books . I must say that this book is absolutely outstanding . Easy read . It will serve as as book for future reference .
 Dale Carnegie , the author of `` How to Win Friends and Influence People '' again provides the keys to success in an area that challenges many of us . This well-written book discusses not only speaking effectively in front of large audiences , but also in front of smaller groups , such as at work . Effective speaking is important in any field of endeavor , and this book will help to achieve this capability .
 This book by Dale Carnegie is one of the classic books written on public speaking . Anyone interested in public speaking should include this book in their library . My book , `` 10 Days to More Confident Public Speaking '' -LRB- Warner Books -RRB- would not have been written without the inspiration I received from Dale Carnegie 's book years ago .
 I recommend this one for general conversational goodness as well as foundations for active speaking practice . Dale makes no bones about speaking
 A classic by one of America 's best speakers ! This book will aid the newbie in becoming a much better speaker - and perhaps take some of the butterflies out of the stomach if that is a problem for the reader . Of course we can expect as much from Carnegie . So forget the age of the book - speaking in the ways of the past is better because in those days , speaking was the TV , Internet , etc , a speaker had to be good or he did not speak - you will find many very good strategies to help make your speech very impactful and persuasive.Two other books that can make your speaking like dynamite are : How To Preach Like A Preacher !
 I never took up any efective speaking book before . This would be my first . It has been very helpful and comes with examples that really boost your confidence . They let you see the bad , let you feel the good . Then you 'll know what to follow and what not to . Recommended for shy speakers . - -RRB-
 I loved reading Dale Carnegie 's books since I picked up How to Win Friends and Influence People . His writing style is very easy to read and he is always giving examples to make the content as clear as possible . That being said , The Quick and Easy Way to Effective Speaking is a great book . I personally preferred How to Win Friends and Influence People over this book , so if you have not read that book , I would recommend reading it first . However , if you are specifically looking for a book on Public Speaking , Dale Carnegie is a great author and he has several books about this topic . This one is great and I recommend it .
 Now for every man , every woman the new quick and easy way to effective speaking opens a modern speedway to skilled communication fro everyday use . here are just some of the situations where the book will be of help.Winning a group of skeptics to your viewpointteaching a method of explaining a subjectoffering an idea in a community meetingconvincing a purchasing agent that your product is bestconversing with a new acquaintanceselling a big ideaaddressing a meeting important to your careerpersuading a group to take actionaccepting an awardmaking conversation with a group of strangers
 This book represents one of the classics works by Dale Carengie and should be in every speaker 's library . As a professional speaker my self , I had an opporuntity many years ago to take one of the popular Dale Carnegie courses and this book brings much of that information to you.Lenny Laskowski , Author `` 10 Days to More Confident Public Speaking '' -LRB- Warner Books -RRB-
 Frederick Douglass is an authentic American and a heroic figure . For those wishing to become aquainted with a chronicle of his life , McFeely 's book will do the job.Born a slave in Maryland , Douglass accomplished the difficult task of self education in an era when slaves were not taught under penalty of law . `` Running away with himself '' -LRB- as Southerners used to describe slaves who escaped -RRB- twenty years before the Civil War , he became one of our country 's great orators in telling the tale of his life as a bondsman and urging that America embrace emancipation of all slaves . He was perhaps the anti-slavery movement 's best spokesman . Not only for the sheer eloquence with which he captivated audiences , but as living proof that a black could be educated to a level reached by few people of any race.Douglass did his part for the Union in the Civil War and bought into Republicanism as the best political vehicle for achieving the end of slavery and the leveling up of blacks to their rightful place in American society . His hopes were frustrated after the Civil War when his party turned away from Reconstruction and blacks were subjugated anew by racism , indifference and Jim Crowism.Douglass was an idealist in that he believed that America could be exhorted into granting slaves not only their freedom but their civil rights and social equality . His country failed his vision miserably and he ended his life personnally successful -LRB- as successful as his skin color could take him in the 1890 's -RRB- but very distraught at the chasm between his hopes for a free America and the reality.This is an adequate book , though dry at times . It follows Douglass chronologically . In episodes where his life was a fascinating story -- as a slave , his escape , his establishment in the North , as a politician and as US minister to Haiti -- the book is a fascinating tale . Not so fascinating are long accounts of his work on the road delivering speeches as an agent of the anti-slavery movement . Part of the problem with writing a biography of a man who was in large part a professional orator is that the chapters focusing on that work are not very exciting . Mcfeely spends a lot of ink detailing his journies on the stump and his meetings with many characters who were part of the American and English anti-slavery movements . Douglass 's life flow , when examined chronologically , produces a story of varying degrees of drama . Although any biograhpher is limited by his character , I had the feeling throughout that Douglass 's life could be told with more verve without sacrificing the facts.What McFeely should have jettisoned were several parts where he delved into psychobabble -- speculations about sexual attraction or the depth of feeling between Douglass and several figures in his life . Human feelings and attractions are an important part of any biography and certainly shaped Douglass 's life . McFeeley speculates on several without any facts to support his views . These are relegated to the first half of the book and do not intrude greatly , however.If one needs or wants to learn about the life of this great American , McFeeley 's book will fill the bill .
 I am curious to know the previous reviewer found William McFeely 's observations/analysis of Frederick Douglas racist . I too found a lot of overly subjective tones within the work of Mr. McFeely 's analysis of Frederick Douglas , but I also found that his analysis captured , for me , Frederick Douglas ' strong positive character , and sense of universal humanity . Mr. McFeely 's analysis , while in some instances deductive , yet subjective in others , presented a man - not a God , who held fast to is universal convictions , but who was also subject to human frailties . Mr. McFeely 's analysis of Douglas has reinforced my admiration in Frederick Douglas even more .
 I have just finished reading this book & as a white person did n't find it at all racist but perhaps I am missing some things ? McFeely is a Pulitzer Prize wining author -LRB- for his bio of Grant -RRB- & a professor of literature at the University Of Georgia . . It seemed to me meticulously researched & very scholarly . Much is taken from The writings of Douglass . The author is very discreet about Douglass 's personal relationships because there is nothing to factually support anything definitive . His first wife & mother of his 5 children was certainly not his intellectual equal & they had nothing in common except for race & their children.After Lincoln 's death , Andrew Johnson became president & he was a real southern bigot . Douglass began seeing all the great hopes he had of moving forward being slowly unravelled.I found it very interesting that all the liberal forward moving attitudes came from the North . The North was not without much de facto segregation , but compared to the South , it was a paradise!The states of the Confederacy have rewritten history & have up to the present time been an albatross around our country 's neck.Douglass died just as new laws of Jim Crow were being enacted & right before the Supreme Court said separate but equal was legal . How can one understand why these 9 men -LRB- at the time -RRB- were so warped in their thinking . How could anything be equal when one group is separated legally from another because of race ? What about having separate facilities for blue eyed people & brown eyed people . ? I was glad he got a post in Haiti as some sort of recognition but it was n't the best place for a man of his immense talents.I never heard of Ida B Wells until I read this book but she was the author of legislation to stop lynching and , among others , carried the torch for him after he was too old to go on . Very tragic that he could not have lived to see Obama as our wonderful President.Douglass was for universal human rights but many women suffragists -LRB- Susan B Anthony for one -RRB- felt that granting males universal suffrage would n't be acceptable because half the population would still be disenfranchised . When Douglass married his second wife , Helen Pitts , a white woman who was really his companion & helper , Elizabeth Cady Stanton wrote them a congratulatory letter but Anthony told her not to make it public for fear of losing the support of southern white women . Was Anthony a racist ? I really do n't think so but she certainly was politically practical about her MAIN goal of the vote for all women equal to men.Within 20 years , slavery by another name was being enforced in the deep South with Jim Crow laws & chain gangs `` renting out '' convict labor.I would like someone to tell me what they thought racist in this book because I did n't see it.am I just obtuse ?
 I , also , can not understand why the first reader found this biography on Fredrick Douglass , racist . Personally , I found it completely the opposite . For the first time , I truly felt I understood the man behind the public image .
 This is a revised and expanded version of Thouless 's 1930s classic `` Straight and Crooked Thinking '' . Catalogs numerous fallacies , including some pervasive ones that , for some inscrutable reason , are ignored by most other books on logic and critical thinking . Explains why these fallacies are so persuasive and gives techniques for resisting and refuting them . Thouless was a psychologist as well as a logician , so his perspective is doubly useful . This book is out of print , but you can easily find a good used copy through secondhand shops on the internet -LRB- e.g , Advanced Book Exchange -RRB- .
 Anyone who 's read Kin Platt knows to expect a tight , sometimes humorous , always spine-tingling adventure with a bit of psychological daring-do thrown in for good measure . This time , Steve and Sinbad are out to solve the mystery of all mysteries . By all appearances , all of the `` clues '' seem to be in Steve 's head when , before you know it , Minerva 's dad meets the business end of a time bomb , Steve finds an old neighbor under the spell of Mandrake -LRB- a bracelet made of a mandragora root -RRB- , Herk and Steve stumble onto the witch who would n't -LRB- for her own reasons -RRB- , and a platinum blonde who looks older than she should , along with a legendary Hollywood vampire , do their best to ensure Steve and Sinbad are out of their hair forever.Sign up for the waiting list , and spend your spare time cloud-busting while you wait for this outstanding book . You 'll be glad you did !
 If you liked/loved `` Sinbad and Me '' read this book ! It offers a great mystery of Aurelia , a witch who has ethics . She comes up against Baalzaphon , and some very evil people ; of course , Steve gets involved along with Sinbad , Minerva and the Sheriff .
 This is the sequel to Kin Platt 's excellent mystery `` Sinbad and Me '' . All the great characters are back
 I ca n't recommend this book enough . I am actually here to order it , and although I have n't read it in over 35 years , I remember it like it was yesterday . My only other comment for now is that I ca n't believe that this book was never made into a movie . When you read it you will understand . This is a story that both kids and adults will love . Please let me know what you think after reading this book .
 Collaboratively compiled , organized , and edited by Cornell University 's Department of Animal Science academicians Wilson G. Pond and Alan W. Bell , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science encompasses animal physiology ; animal growth and development ; animal behavior ; animal reproduction and breeding ; alternative approaches to animal maintenance ; meat science and muscle biology ; farmed animal welfare and bioethics ; and food safety . Organized with quick and `` reader friendly '' descriptions of technologies critical to professionals in animal and food science , food production and processing , livestock manage-ment , and nutrition , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science consists of almost 300 entries ranging from adaptation and stress to zoos and aquariums . Enhanced with 100 full-color photographs , 2500 references , hundreds of figures , equations and tables , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science covers all of the new developments in genomics , transgenesis , cloning , and mathematical model constructions . With examinations of the latest studies on animal genetics , nutrition , lactation , reproductions , as well as animal biodiversity , biotechnology , environmental stability , and more , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science is an essential , core addition to any corporate , academic , or governmental agency Animal Science or Food Safety reference library collection .
 In a perfect world , I would cook wonderful home-cooked meals every night . In a perfect world , I would only use fresh ingredients . In a perfect world , I would n't care if it took 3 hours , 8 pans and 40 ingredients from 3 different stores . Unfortunately we do not live in a perfect world . In the real world of two hard-working parents , demanding children and constant time pressures , this book is a lifesaver . I can thumb through it and find a recipe that we all like and that I can pull together quickly . A good dinner in 30 minutes , 1 pan , 5 ingredients from 1 store . Now that 's real world .
 Semihomemade really is quick and easy . I was suprised at how good my food turned out . Hooray , someone who finally `` gets it '' . I was also shocked to see that my book came with a free subscription to a Web Magazine that is full of great how to for everyday . Best -LSB- random dollar amount -RSB- I ever spent ! Good for me , good for you .
 Ms Sandra Lee tells it like it is . In today 's fast paced fast food world this book is a find . Great tasting food on the table in less time then it takes to stand in the takeout line and only a few dishes to wash . And the food is good enough for company and cheaper then Chinese . This woman has her pulse on the times . Its about time !!
 I purchased Sandra Lee 's book after seeing her on the Today Show . She made everything look so wonderful and easy that I figured I had nothing to lose . I 'm a working mother of three and have very little time to myself with running to soccer , dance , piano , and football . My life is not my own . This is the book that has made me look like a domestic godess ! I prepared a wonderful meal for some friends Saturday evening and received rave reviews . The Triffle Dessert was a show stopper !! Martha Stewart watch out , I think we have a new queen of entertaining . I highly recommend Sandra Lee 's book . It is beautifully photographed and has easy step by step directions . With some nice table linens and flowers from the supermarket ... I fooled everyone into thinking that I slaved all day in the kitchen . The best part of my dinner was that it is fool proof , easy , and allowed me to spend more time enjoying my family and guests . I am giving a copy of this book to my sisters for Christmas ! Thanks Ms. Lee and keep up the idea 's for us average Americans with busy schedules .
 I have to admit - I am not the greatest cook in the world . My mother-in-law is always ruthless about the dishes I have prepared . I invited her and my father-in-law to dinner last Saturday and they could have sworn that I had it catered by a gormet chef ! All of the dishes were made from recipes from Semi-homemade cooking -LRB- and it took me hardly any time at all -RRB- . This cook book is absolutely unbelievable ! Thank You , Meg
 Okay , let 's face it , it 's all about time and there 's just too little of it . With this cookbook , not only can you recapture some of that time but you can also serve up some absolutely scrumptious meals and snacks . I know the purists all rave about the use of packaged prepared foods , but come on , who today has time to cook from scratch ? Statistics prove that fewer people cook from scratch and get bland , pedestrian fast food , with Semi Homemade Cooking anyone can be a ten minute maestro of the kitchen .
 This book is wonderful . The recipies are so easy & everything I 've made has come out perfectly . There is a simple and delicious salmon recipe that I 've made several times already - and the desserts are absolutely fabulous . Every single recipe has a photo with it , which I must have in a cookbook . I 'm always looking for shortcuts in the kitchen , especially during the week - but I still like to cook for my family . I want more Semi-Homemade !
 My mother always told me I should learn how to cook . Guess what , mom ? I finally have - thanks to Sandra Lee Semi-Homemade . The recipes are not a lot of work and using name brand products simplifies it even more . It is practically impossible to screw up . It would be nice if more of the recipes were low fat , like the dijon chicken and mushrooms , but overall YUM !! I did use low fat cream cheese and sour cream in the morning glory fondue and it was still delish . Thanks , Sandra !
 When I bought this cookbook , I was so excited about just sitting and reading it . It teaches you how to mix together a variety of simple items sold in every grocery store and have everything come out tasting like a gormet meal that you could only get in an ... restaurant . Upon preparing some of the recipes , even my most serious critic , grandma , was pleasantly surprised and delighted ! I feel so good too about knowing exacly what kind of brands to buy because the recipes of the brand name items themselves can make the difference on how things will taste . Sandra Lee has found the perfect mix of the right combinations . I 'm sure that 's why everyhting tastes the way it should . Every recipe is like a piece of Artwork . This book makes me look good to all my friends nad family . YEA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought Sandra 's Semi-homemade Cooking and Cooking 2 before the holidays . I ordinarily eat `` right '' , ie , lean proteins , 7 fruits and vegetables , 2 dairy , whole grain , etc. most days , its healthy but not too exciting . But when I entertain I like to pull out all stops and prepare something that looks and tastes great for my family and friends . I also work full time and then some . So these books are a delight , I 've made about 5 of the recipes , they do n't take a lot of time and my guests loved them . I ca n't wait to try them all !
 SINCE I LOVE TO COOK , I AM ALWAYS LOOKING FOR NEW RECIPES . THE RECIPES ARE EASY , FAST AND CREATIVE . I LIKED THE BOOK SO MUCH , I SENT IT TO BOTH OF MY DAUGHTERS.SHIPPING WAS FAST AND THE BOOKS ARRIVES IN EXCELLENT CONDITION.THANK YOU .
 I bought this book having no idea it had sparked such controversy . I just identified with the concept and thought the recipes looked pretty simple and sounded good . So far , the book has delivered . The recipes I 've tried have taken anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes to fix and have tasted far better than I expected . I think they are pretty impressive for a half hour 's investment . I can fix a semi-homemade microwave lasagna quicker than I can run to Vons for Stouffers . So what if the book uses branded products ? They 're just a recommendation . I assume the author has tried these products , found them to be high quality , and is passing that information on . That used to be called being helpful . If you wnat to use White Lily Flour instead of Gold Metal , make the switch . I doubt the food police will come knocking on your door . And if using packaged food as a shortcut offends you , do n't do it . Buy the New Joy of Cooking and cook yourself euphoric . To me , the joy of cooking is having time to enjoy a meal with my family and then using the time I saved to help my kids with their homework . Just my opinion -- and my priorities . If that makes my lifestyle `` sad '' , so be it . I 'm a single working mom , not a food writer , but then I do n't claim to be ... -- Mom of Four
 Another great purchase of the Sandra Lee cookbooks to add to my collection . Recipes so quick and easy to prepare . ~ Thank you Sandra Lee for making cooking enjoyable again for women everywhere !
 So many great looking , great tasing recipes . Fantastic for us working women who want to put a good meal on the table but have such little time . I 've bought her second book too . And I 'm buying a set for my nephew and his finance .
 I have to take issue with those reviewers who have attacked this book so passionately ! True , there are `` gourmet '' cooks who would n't dream of adding any prepared foods to their recipes ; they obviously have the time and energy to spend hours in the kitchen every day . However , I do n't understand why a `` gourmet '' cook would even consider buying a book entitled `` Semi-Homemade '' anything!This book was obviously written for people like me , who no longer have the time or energy to spend all day in the kitchen , and `` Semi-Homemade Cooking '' has been the answer to my prayers ! I probably own a hundred cookbooks , most of them gathering dust on a bookshelf in the living room . I 've been cooking for forty years , and only a few cookbooks have stood the test of time well enough to remain on my kitchen counter ; this is the newest one to make the grade.No , I do not consider myself a `` gourmet '' cook . I used to make complicated , time-consuming dishes that took hours and hours , but , frankly , many of them were n't any better than my favorite quick & easy recipes ! And at 63 , I want recipes that I can put together quickly and that everyone will enjoy . I am having a great time trying one recipe after another from this cookbook because none of them have taken a lot of time , and every single one has been delicious ! Try Country Biscuits and Gravy , for example ; my husband asks for it every Sunday . And Salad Chinois -LRB- Chinese Chicken Salad -RRB- is superb!Bottom line
 just because the recipe says to use pre-made ingredients does n't mean you ca n't take the extra time to make as many of them from scratch that you can , like shredding your own cheese , cutting up a onion , or making your own mashed potatoes , etc. . I sub as many fresh ingredients as I can for the pre-packaged and I still have a good meal made in no time . That may defeat the purpose of the cookbook , BUT , the recipes are what stand out , and any can me made with fresh or pre-packaged items.They are good , everyday family meals . The photos and lay out are outstanding , and the books are well priced for the quality we get from them . Worth the money .
 Sandra Lee is known to audiences nationwide from her appearances on the QVC shopping channel and numerous network and cable television programs . Her Semi-Homemade solutions have also been featured in People , Redbook , Better Homes and Gardens , Traditional Home , Country Home and Victoria . She has also appeared on NBC 's Today . FOX 's Good Day LA and Good Day New York.Sandra Lee is a member of the International Association of Culinary Professionals She also studied at the acclaimed Cordon Bleu.When selecting a cookbook , normally I will buy cookbooks that promote `` cooking from scratch . '' This is the first cookbook that claims that `` Nothing is Made from Scratch . '' What Sandra means is , you will still be cooking , just parts of the recipe are `` convenience/prepackaged foods '' or packet mixes . This slices time off making cakes for sure!Firstly , these recipes looked far too easy and so I was a bit skeptical . Secondly , I do n't normally buy anything not in its raw state . Buying `` pancake mix '' was new to me . Heading home from the grocery store , I almost felt a little sinful.This cookbook contains 101 recipes such as Pumpkin Cinnamon Pancakes , Southwestern Turkey Chili , roasted Pepper Soup , Kahlua Tiramisu and Berry Cookie Cobbler . You will find recipes for appetizers , soups , salads , main dishes , desserts , snacks and even treats you can make for your pets.The beauty of this cookbook is almost more in the `` Semi-Homemade '' techniques than in the actual recipes . Technically , you can adapt these recipes for your own use in many ways.Tonight I made the `` Steak Pinwheels with Sun-Dried Tomato Stuffing and Rosemary Mashed Potatoes . '' In the recipe , it calls for sun-dried tomatoes that are not packed in oil , but I just used the ones I had in oil and reduced the amount to 2 tablespoons chopped sun-dried tomatoes in oil.The Stove top stuffing mix I found was only 6 ounces , but the recipe called for a 6.6 ounce box . It still worked fine . Instead of just salt and pepper on the skirt steak , I used garlic salt and freshly ground Tellicherry peppercorns . Ok , so I cheated and made the potatoes from scratch because I had potatoes I needed to use up.Then , for desert , no lies ! I waited to make the desert until `` after '' dinner . This was new . I did n't feel stressed at all . I took the pound cake out of the freezer , cut it into cubes and drizzled the rum-butter sauce all over the cake . Yum ! Then , for an added touch , you can mix in some frozen raspberries with the jam . I also used frozen raspberries on top and added whipped cream . The `` Raspberry Trifle with Rum Sauce '' is absolutely delish ! She does n't say to use whipped cream , but Trifle without whipped cream just is n't the same.So , to explain how much time I saved , I made the recipe in about 10 minutes . Since the vanilla pudding was already cold and the frozen raspberries cooled down the entire desert very fast , I could have served this almost immediately . Not having to make the pound cake was a real treat and hey , I did n't even have to make custard.My husband absolutely loved the Trifle and the gravy for the Steak Pinwheels . I was queen of the kitchen!The full-color , full-page photographs are really tempting . Unlike other cookbooks , the food I made actually did look exactly like the pictures . Each recipe has time estimates and suggested brand-name ingredients . If you are looking for a cookbook for entertaining , this one has some excellent time saving ideas.I noticed that Sandra also suggests you plan your entire week 's menu in advance . This is a great time-saving idea and has worked for me for years ! Keeping `` staples '' on hand is always useful.Contents Include : Grocery Shopping - Hints and Tips to get you in and out of the store fast.Brand Names , Prepping , Cooking , and cooling Times , Budget , Leftovers , Storage , MusicSome Examples of the Recipes : Breakfast - Muffins , Crepes and Country Biscuits and GravyLunch - Curried bowtie Salad , Beefy Stew or Gnocchi DippersDinner - Dijon Chicken and Mushrooms , Meaty Microwave Lasagna , Tropical SalmonDesserts - Vanilla Cream Pie , Bananas Foster Pie , Rum CakeAppetizers - Sesame Chicken Drumettes , Italian Fondue , Smoked Salmon and Olive Blini or Oriental Pork WrappersSoups & Salads - Roasted Pepper Soup , Cheddar Potato Soup , Bay Shrimp and Avocado Salad , Spicy Crab Salad.Snacks - Caramel Popcorn , Hummus Pitas , Bagel Chip DipGravies & Sauces - Sherry Mushroom Gravy , Pesto , Hollandaise SaucePet Foods - Bone-Nanza Bones , Healthy Hound Stew , Kitty Katafornia RollsSandra starts each chapter with a note about the recipes to follow . There is a full index , but each chapter also has its own contents page.Semi-Homemade is for any cook who is looking for `` shortcut '' strategies . You really can make delicious meals in `` minutes . '' If you are looking for more leisure time , but want to still enjoy home-made meals , this might be for you.If you are looking for low-salt , low-fat cooking , I think you could adapt many of the recipes by purchasing low-salt beef stock or mixes that say low salt . With prepackaged foods , that has to be a consideration . Although many of the recipes are healthier because she uses techniques that make them low-fat . Like her `` Healthy Onion Rings '' that are made in the oven.I ca n't wait to make the Tropical Salmon and Pumpkin Cinnamon Pancakes.A cookbook to make your life easier ! Really inspired me to get back in the kitchen and have some fun . It was like a cooking holiday ! ~ The Rebecca Review
 After reading a few of the reviews of this cookbook , I was a little confused . I bought Semi-Homemade Cooking without reading any reviews , and I 'm glad I did . I 'm a regular old mom and housewife , and one of my main goals every day is to make a delicious , hearty meal for my hard-working husband to appreciate when he gets home . I ca n't make a from-scratch masterpiece every day -LRB- especially with a one-year-old running around -RRB- , so that is where this cookbook comes in handy!Sure , there is some obvious brand-name dropping , but that does n't make me buy them . So far , the mushroom steak and sweet mash as well as the sweet and sour pork recipe have become regulars in our monthly meal rotation . The easy cookie cobbler was delicious and a cinch to make . My only problem with this cookbook is there were far too many alcoholic drink recipes and fancy-pants-type recipes . Not the type of stuff you 'd make for an every-day family dinner . Overall , Semi-homemade Cooking lives up to its name and will save you some time while still providing your family with a great-tasting , satisfying meal after a long day !
 I would recommend this book for a way to get additional recipes for your collection that are easy to do . I am a pretty good cook , and can do lots of fancy recipes from scratch , but sometimes I just do n't want to take all that time , and just want to throw something together from the cabinet -LRB- other than Hamburger Helper -RRB- . The writing style of the book is easy to follow - you do n't have to be a master chef to understand the ingredients , yet you also do n't get sick of a bunch of cutesy words -LRB- EVOO anyone ? -RRB- like some other popular cookbooks.If you are learning how to be a great cook , this is not the book for you . But if you want some quick and easy meals , this and her other Semi-Homemade Meals book are great choices .
 Delightful , delectable , quick meals that taste like they were made from scratch . Most , if not all , of these meals can be made in thirty minutes or less and nobody will know that you did n't spend hours in the kitchen . The recipes are clearly explained and easy to follow so that anyone can be a success in the kitchen.Divisions include breakfast , lunch , dinner , appetizers , cocktails , soup , salads , snacks , gravies and sauces , and even a short section on pet foods . Try the biscuits and gravy for breakfast -LRB- preparation time of about 15 minutes -RRB- or the Dijon Chicken and Mushrooms for dinner -LRB- preparation time of about 30 minutes -RRB- or perhaps the Cheddar Potato Soup -LRB- preparation time of about 15 minutes -RRB- . If you find yourself often in a hurry and trying to put together a delicious meal in a short time then you will not be disappointed in this book . Granted it takes a lot of short cuts to get you to the end result with a minimum of effort , but it does not sacrifice taste to do so . The only thing that I did not like about the book was that it was not spiral or comb bound . So , it was hard to keep it lying flat so you can actually read it . Still it fills such a unique niche that it is a recommended read .
 this is one of sandra lee 's best ever . The recipes are easy to make and best of all delicious .
 If you 're a die-hard cook who loves spending your life in the kitchen , you 'll find little use for this book . If you , like most of us , would rather spend time savoring a meal than cooking it , you 'll buy this book and beg Sandra Lee for more.Refreshingly , this book makes good on its promises - quick and marvelous and nothing is made from scratch . It goes even further to meet the demands of the more discriminating palate - that food be innovative and attractively presented.The book is so artistic it would n't be amiss on your coffee table . It is a trifle large for the kitchen , but its generous size is more than made up for by its pleasing format . Each recipe receives two pages , with a gorgeous , full-page color picture on one side and the recipe on the other . Recipes range from everyday comfort food to glamorous meals for special occasions , with individual sections for snacks , appetizers , cocktails and desserts . The Banana Foster 's Pie alone is worth the price .
 I am a single mom with two kids to feed and a boss that thinks I should work 50 hours a week just like the guys . This book lets me feed my family hot delicious meals no matter how late we get home or how much we have to do . And the recipes are so easy the kids can help . It is also great for those weeks when I do not have the kids and have to cook for one . I could pop in a Lean Cuisine or make pasta yet again but this book has many ideas more creative than that . It has reasonable portions for single servings and I can take any leftovers for lunch . It is a bargain .
 Everybody needs two kinds of cookbooks . One cookbook for when you want to cook a meal from scratch and a second cookbook for when you want to cook a meal from scratch but do n't have time . This is your second cookbook . It gives you quick , easy to make meals when you are short on time but want something better than fast food or TV dinners . And you do n't give up taste
 Okay , I admit it , I hate to cook . I 'm single and when you 're cooking for one , why bother ? But takeout is expensive , fast food is fattening and frozen dinners get old . And one does have to be social and entertain . So I bought this book , primarily because it seemed simple and straightforward , had humongous pictures and included brand names , which is extremely helpful when you do n't have clue one what you 're doing . -LRB- What IS this impassioned issue over brand names ? Would you rather wing it and have to call Domino 's -- oops , your generic pizza supplier ? -RRB- There are also wine and CD suggestions with each recipe . Again , a welcome extra . They 're not always my taste , but even if you do n't use them , it gives you ways to make a meal special.I made steak pinwheels with sun dried tomato stuffing , candy butter salad and white chocolate fondue for my boyfriend 's birthday . He could n't believe that I , queen of takeout , had whipped up this totally yum meal in my unpretentious little kitchen . He actually accused me of having it catered ! I might actually learn to like this cooking thing . : -RRB-
 Semi-Homemade Cooking introduces the idea of producing foods which seem time-consuming but only take a fraction of the time . How ? By blending 70 % store-bought ingredients with 30 % fresh foods to produce the taste of homemade . Open with a Raspberry Sake , move to a Crabby Bisque of condensed crab bisque enhanced with heavy cream and crabmeat , then use the slow cooker to produce Chinese Braised Short Ribs or Southern Pulled Pork - or top it off with Cinnamon Buns made from frozen white bread dough enhanced with spices , sugar , and butter .
 Work , meetings , the gym , errands -- where in the blue blazes would I find time to cook a home-cooked meal ? This book not only makes it semi-possible , it makes it totally easy . The dishes I have tried were incredible and just as simple as the cover said . The only thing I would suggest is that maybe salads or side dishes could be suggested to go with each entree . This would save even more time for busy cooks . But that really does not detract from what is a wonderful time saving cookbook .
 Good variety of recipes , complete with brand names and suggestions ... pictures are gorgeous . Good for the new or experienced but busy cook .
 i bought this cookbook when it first came out . it was one of my favorites ... & & was , obviously , a wonderful one , because someone lifted it from my home . i will end up buying it again .
 I love Sandra Lee . She changed my life . I tape her TV shows & love the holiday ones with all of the decorating ideas , good food , and the fun life it has created for me.This book is a keeper and one of my favorites-but then again I have all of them & need new ones since I have just about worn them out .
 How many cookbooks are Elegant & Easy ? Try it and all of her other wonderful books-the photography is by the best in the business .
 Would this book work for someone who has NEVER cooked in her life ? I had a very busy career with perks like travel , cruises and food , I never cooked . Now retired , and need to learn . Any ideas out there ? I am giving this five stars as I watched her on Food Network shows and loved them .
 This cookbook is great for people who are looking to get stuff on the table in no time during the week after work . The recipes are simple and delicious . Save the completely from scratch stuff on the weekends if you are busy during the week like I am
 I have all of Sandra Lee 's cook books . They are beautiful done and great recipes . I like how she even suggest what brands to use in her recipes .
 I loved this cookbook ! If you are an on the go , busy person , this cookbook is for you . Most of the meals contain everyday items you have in your pantry . If you have to go shopping for an item , it gives you a name brand to look for . Using pre-made items helps you to make a faster meal . But , not only are the meals made quickly , the are delicious ! The pictures are beautiful and they inspire you to cook . The meals are grouped together so you do n't even have to think about what would compliment the entre . I give this cookbook to every new bride and recommend it to all my on the go mom friends .
 As a wife , mother , grandmother and food stylist , I appreciate the work that Sandra Lee has put into her book . It has minimized the time that I need to spend on dinner and maximized the time that I am able to spend with my family . We have enjoyed the Southwestern Turkey Chili and the Corn Bread , the Dijon Chicken and Mushrooms . The Raspberry Trifle with rum sauce and the Berry Cookie Cobbler are delicious . My daughter made the Gooey Mud Pie for her father-in-law 's birthday and it was declared the best birthday dessert ever . This book is a MUST for singles , newlyweds , working couples and empty nesters who want good , tasty food with minimum fuss . Food purists may be put off by the simplicity of the recipes , but in the real world of work , carpools and hurried routines ... this book is a treasure!This is a book that I will enthusiastically recommend to friends .
 I am not an impulse buyer , but I saw this book in the bookstore and knew it was for me . I used to cook big meals every night . But now I keep my grandson , who is nine months old , and I just do not have the time or energy to cook like I used to . The book is well organized and gives helpful information , even for experienced cooks . There is a lot of variety , which comes in handy when you are cooking every day for a family . The Dijon Chicken and Mushrooms is one of my husband 's favorites . The Southwestern Turkey Chili and Cornbread saved the day when friends dropped by to watch the game . My son and grandson love the French Apple Raisin Sandwiches . They do n't know I cut corners . They think I make it all from scratch . I am not about to tell . Though I might slip my daughter-in-law a copy of the book for Christmas . I almost hate to share my secret , but this one is just too good to keep to myself .
 I 'd like to say that I 'm an avid cook but the truth is I am mediocre at best . So anytime I can make food that looks great , tastes great , and gets me in and out of the kitchen in an hour I 'm a happy camper . This book does all that and more . It is well laid out with each recipe attractively presented , with everything from soups and salads to dinner and dessert . I especially like the pepper peach chicken skewer . It is in the lunch chapter but I make it for dinner . I could eat it every week and so far I have ! I recommend this book to anyone who likes to cook but does n't want to or ca n't cook well from scratch . I give it four and a half stars !
 I watched a TV show in Dallas , TX in which Sandra Lee presented a few of her recipes . This convinced me to go out and purchase the cookbook . On Sunday I prepared the Caramel Popcorn for the football games . It was easy and quick to prepare . I had to make two recipes at seperate times it was so fantastically good . The guys and kids loved it . After the game I made the Southwestern Turkey Chili and Corn Bread . I dare anyone to not like the corn bread . It is sooooo good . This is chili country and let me tell you that this chile is great . Quick preparation and there was n't a drop left over.The shoppping was easy and the prep was fast , easy and few dishes to clean.I recommend this book for everyone . My daughter tried the Berry Cookie Cobbler for dessert . We did it in a large baking sish and with Vanilly ice cream it was to die for . I recommend it to end a great easy meal .
 I never buy cookbooks anymore . They are all the same and I already have more that I have room for . But when I heard about this book I thought hmmmm . I decided to try it.I like the wide range of foods and recipes it offers , but at first I was a bit put off by all the brand names , like some others seem to be . I too thought maybe Sandra was getting paid to endorse them . But then I saw Sandra on the Today show and she said the companies did n't even know she was using their products or naming them in her book . She said she uses Bon Appetit editors and testers to help test the recipes and uses what works the best . In my experience , the brand names have turned out to be an unexpected benefit . It 's true that they are sometimes a tad more pricey , but most I had in my pantry already and there is no question that they are quality . It does take the guesswork out of grocery shopping and food prep , especially when you are pressed for time . And you really ca n't quibble with the results . For making a great tasting meal in a hurry , you will find this book very usaeful and recommend it to all your friends .
 I love this book ! Its such a fresh concept , especially for a full time working mother of 3 . Full of great time saving ideas!This is a great christmas gift for people who love to cook , but dont necessarily have the time .
 I have only had this book two weeks and I have already tried five recipes . Every recipe has turned out better than I had hoped . There are no hard to find ingredients , no two-page directions , no elaborate cooking equipment or supplies to go out and buy , no fancy cooking terms to learn , no experience necessary ! All you need is half an hour and an appetite because these recipes are good ! I have just placed an order for three more books . Guess what my friends are getting for Christmas !
 This is one of the most user friendly cookbooks I have found . The photos are large and lavish and show the food close up . There is a lot of space so I can make notes right on the page . I do a lot of improvising , adding things and occasionally substituting so I can write my changes beside the recipe instead of paper-clipping a note , which invariably gets lost . This is very helpful when I 'm remaking the recipe . And I like that the book is divided into meals so I can turn directly to the chapter for the meal I am planning -- breakfast , lunch , dinner , dessert , snacks , etc. . Even the brand names are helpful . If I like another brand I just use it instead . The recipes come out fantastic and the book makes fixing them easy . Just what I need .
 I 'm a guy . I work . And every other week two kids descend on my house fridge like hungry locusts . I may not enjoy cooking but it is necessary evil . They ' l tell their mother if we do takeot every night and then i get an ear full . After making a fe recipes i have to say , they are definitly doable . They go step-by-step and are written for layman . I do n't have to deal with 50 ingredients , I just mix together a few things , hat it up , and we 're good to go . My kids get hot food , they actually eat it -LRB- more times than not -RRB- , and i fek like a good parent . The only thing i ould do diferently is to consider having one of those comb bindings so you could lay out flat but overall i 'm a happy customer .
 I had never heard of Sandra Lee until I watched her on a morning show here . Some of the recipes she brought on the show were things I had not seen before which is unusual because I have WAY too many cookbooks . She said they only took a few ingredients and were ready in 30 minutes , including prep time . I thought ` we 'll see ' . I went on her website ... and got the recipes and tried them and they were just as she promised ! So I bought her book which has some of the same recipes plus a lot more . She does a nice job of offering all different kinds of recipes for different meals and occasions and even offering music and wine selections for each . Of course you may not have the CDs she recommends . The recipes I have cooked for my family got rave reviews at my house . And sure enough they took only 30 minutes , give or take . Sandra Lee really does make cooking easier .
 My husband and I love to cook , but our crazy schedules during the week do n't allow us to cook meals from scratch like we love to do on the weekends . In the past , we 'd pick up fast food since we did n't have time to cook , leaving us frustrated because we were n't spending any time in our kitchen Monday through Thursday . Eating out is also terribly expensive and unhealthy.We bought both of Sandra Lee 's cookbooks and love them for the purpose they were created . We 're now getting to spend time in our kitchen on Mondays through Thursdays , producing healthful meals . We 're losing weight and saving money !
 This is a book like all the other Semi-Homemade cookbooks . If you like the others , you 'll like this one.I ca n't find a lot of the suggested ingredients here in Canada ; however , maybe this is n't a bad thing as I would rather not buy many prepared items.The book was cheap , and I love cookbooks , so I bought this and a bunch of other Semi-Homemade books . They are all okay.Something totally ridiculous about these books is the number of badly-staged pictures of Sandra , casually holding a platter of food , or leaning against her counter , or holding a can of something ... they are SO funny . And with all the makeup she has on , her skin looks ORANGE .
 I have several of Sandra Lee 's cookbooks now , and this first one -LRB- of the semi-homemade series -RRB- is the best . Truly easy recipes that turn out great .
 I have all of Sandra 's cookbooks and keep having to replace them because I wear them out . She has a successful television show and is constantly on talk shows , in magazines etc. because she knows her audience and ALWAYS delivers.In a bind I know I can pull out her books or turn on her show which is on twice a day and get an idea . Everyone thinks I am a genius ...
 Why did I wait so long to get this book I had heard so much about ??? It is fantastic - so quick , great recipes , great photography ... and easy to make your dish look like the photo !
 I received this book as a gift and I really enjoy it . I have tried a few of the recipies so far . The pumpkin pancakes -LRB- yum and a huge hit with the kids -RRB- , the chenois salad ... I love this have made it several times and a few others . Each are simple and turn out looking just like the picture ... great for someone looking for some simple and innovative ideas ... who knew you could do so much with a packaged crescent dough ... interesting , innventive and tasty ! I am looking forward to trying some more recipies from this clever lady .
 Semi-Homemade Cooking introduces the idea of producing foods which seem time-consuming but only take a fraction of the time . How ? By blending 70 % store-bought ingredients with 30 % fresh foods to produce the taste of homemade . Open with a Raspberry Sake , move to a Crabby Bisque of condensed crab bisque enhanced with heavy cream and crabmeat , then use the slow cooker to produce Chinese Braised Short Ribs or Southern Pulled Pork - or top it off with Cinnamon Buns made from frozen white bread dough enhanced with spices , sugar , and butter .
 I got this book as a shower gift . My fianc&eacute; grew up with home-cooked meals every night , and I just graduated from a hot plate in the dorm . Needless to say , I was a little intimidated . Not anymore ! What I like the most about this book is that the recipes are so unique and explicit . It tells me how long it takes to prepare the ingredients , then how much more time to cook it . I love the brand names . I do n't know what brands are the best , so it 's nice to get advice from the person who invented the recipe . It 's also nice to have recipes for every meal , not just all pasta or chicken like some cookbooks . It even has party food for when we have people over -LRB- like maybe my in-laws -RRB- . I may be a beginner , but this book makes me look like a pro . I highly recommend it to give as gifts or to use for yourself .
 As the mother of three active children who also works full-time , I have always found preparing quick and healthy meals a challenge . Then I saw Sandra Lee on the `` Today '' Show . I immediately bought her book.I have tried a number of cookbooks that promise quick , delicious meals in 15 or 20 minutes and most of them are a disappointment . They `` conveniently '' forget to include prep time so it ends up taking hours to get dinner ready or else the food is bland or the ingredients are a chore to find . This book is n't like that . The prep and cooking times are spelled out and are pretty realistic . I can have most meals on the table in less than half an hour . The price for speed is the use of pre-packaged ingredients but frankly after my husband and I drag ourselves home after another long day at the office , every little thing we do not have to do ourselves is a godsend . I think it is great that Sandra controls quality by using name products . They are easy to find and make shopping easier . And the food really does taste homemade . I have three words to say about this book - buy it now !
 I am a college student . I ca n't afford many cookbooks because they 're expensive but Amazona -LSB- . com -RSB- had this one at a good price . I am graduating in the spring and need to learn how to cook so I thought this book would help me ease my way into it . Now that I 've tried it I doubt I will cook any other way . Its just too easy . I can fix an entire meal , clean up the kitchen and still have time to go out or do something afterward . I would have to give it a definite A.
 With the holidays coming , I knew I would have even less time and even more to do than usual so when I saw this book I knew it was just what I needed . Some of the recipes are fairly basic , like the lasagna , but there are other more exotic dishes that I ca n't wait to try , the shangra la lobster being one . I tested some of the appetizer and dessert recipes for holiday parties and they were easy easy easy and looked and tasted amazing . This is a terrific resource for the holidays and all year .
 If you like to entertain and have little time , this is the book for you ... Great recipes using easy to find products that help make you look like you slaved all day in the kitchen . . Sandra Lee has found creative and glamourous ways to minimize the time we spend making food for friends and family . Her research into using the best ready made food items available to put together and enhance the tried and true recipes make even a novice cook look like a pro . The photography by Maryellen Baker , Ed Quellette and Joe Buissink which is placed right next to the recipe , is magnificent and gives presentation ideas to perfection . Plus the pictures are so beautiful you want to make the item on every page . Kudos go to Hilary Hollingshead for her great layout and Denise Vivaldo for the fantastic food styling . I love the wine and music suggestions after many of the recipes which add an extra touch to each presentation . Sandra has done her research and has a great follow through with her newsletter and web magazine , even including a prepaid postcard to extend the ideas and keep her format of a new way to cook . ongoing.Congratulations to a charming and caring young woman who has done an amazing job in giving home cooks a non intiminating boost and a new direction to make delicious meals for everyday and special occasions .
 I was so excited to be able to get your book Sandra ... I love it ! It makes meals and delicious desserts so much easier to prepare . I am not much of a cook anymore , and do n't really want to spend time in the kitchen . Life is so short and there is so little time to enjoy my grandchildren as it is . Your book has opened the door to quick , easy , and wonderful tasting food throughout the day . Which as a bonus gives me more time to spend with the ones I love most . The fact that you have named brands to use which worked for you , was even more helpful to me . There is no guess work and I am confident each dish is going to turn out wonderful every time . I look forward to another book like your Semi-Homemade Cooking ... . Thank you again for several great cooking experiences ...
 Item came in very good shape . Was new and came as I ordered it .
 this is a pretty good book . it has lots of information about Nirvana . it tells how they got started and what they experienced along the way . but it is told from an outsider 's perspective ; it 's a biography written by someone that never met kurt or the other members . this is a good book if you want to know more about the grunge / alt scene or some of the facts about nirvana , but do n't expect much behind-the-scenes information .
 Nirvana and the Seattle Sound is one of the most interesting books I 've read about Nirvana and the Seattle music scene of the late 80s and early 90s . There is a lot of unrecorded information regarding Nirvana and thier early recording history , especially behind the scenes of the sessions prior to and including the Nevermind sessions . This book does n't delve into Kurt 's drug addiction , relationships , and eventual tragic death it stays focused clearly on the music from beginning to end and engrosses all the way through . The only book I 've found on the Seattle scene that was more accurate and informative is LOSER . Check that out too .
 Wrong ! The police no longer care for your well-being . Instead of stopping violent crime , they want to spend their time tracking down your local pothead . If you : - have ever done any drugs.-have ever used someone else 's prescription.-have drugs in your house.-have drugs on your person.-are friends with anyone who does drugs.-are ever in the presence of drugs , -LRB- yes , just being near a drug or paraphernalia can land you in jail -RRB- . - Or you just want to know your rights -LRB- or lack-of -RRB- get your self this book.The police go through training to learn to trick you into incriminating yourself and as Fabricant shows , people have gone to jail for years for as little as .0042 grams of meth . Therefore , you need to know how to compose yourself when the cops show up . This is going to tell you what to do . Do n't worry Fabricant is a lawyer . One of his main ideas is to get your self good representation.As a lawyer , his writing is very knowledgable and also very funny . Many times I found myself laughing out loud.Alls fair in love and war , and as far as the war on drugs goes - the police will do anything in order to get another conviction on their resume ' . Do n't make yourself an example of how locking up drug-users will never solve anything .
 More than anything , this book is hilarious . Any page you open to has a great anecdote - like how one cop felt he had probable cause for a search because he HEARD -LRB- yes , HEARD -RRB- the tell-tale sound of a bail of marijuana hitting the floor in a private house.The book is also useful , not just for people that use or sell drugs , but for people that are around people that use or sell drugs . PARENTS
 I 've been practicing `` storefront '' law for more than 25 years , and have more-or-less successfully raised four kids . Naturally , I 've tried to pass on anything useful to my own kids - `` useful `` being whatever will keep them out of jail and free of any criminal record.Since God created kids with ears on the sides of their heads , they tend not to listen to anything their parents say . That which comes from above goes unheard . So the perpetual parental dilemna is `` How the heck do I get them to understand they aremaking choices that will affect the rest of their lives - when they do n't even understand they are making choices ? `` That 's where `` Busted !
 What could look nicer on a cop 's resume for that promotion he 's been wanting than a nice easy drug bust on your teen-ager . So what if the kid was n't really involved - he was at the party . Former LA police Chief Daryl Gates said , `` The casual drug user ought to be taken out and shot . '' The situation is different than it used to be - the `` war on drugs '' is law enforcement out of control . You may need to provide your teen with a little preventative maintenance - give him this book.What Should I do if : I 'm keeping some dope in the house - p 22I 'd prefer not to get busted for my roommate 's dope - p 30While driving the dopemobile I see a flashing sign , `` Drug Checkpoint 1 Mile '' - p 155I want to pretend this bust never happened - p 323And 16 more ... The `` Busted '' Ten Commandments :1 . Thou shalt not deal .2 . Thou shalt not do dope with kiddies . Anyone over 18 passes the pipe to anyone under 18 and the gloves are off .3 . Thou shalt not covet more than a misdemeanor bust .4 . Thou shalt not squander thy rights .5 . and six more ... With outrageous anecdotes highlighted on every page , this book is funny , realistic , and an eye-opener . It is written by a defense attorney who does not condone drug use in any way . Drugs are illegal . They will get you busted and once you are in the system , it can be hard to get out.A year ago , I passed this book on to my teen-ager , who passed it on to his friends . I just now found it - worn , marked , and dog-eared . Although I do n't think my son and his friends do drugs , today 's world puts the need for this type of information right up there with basic sex education - a little preventative maintenance goes a long way .
 I 'd say this book is extremely informative for the responsible , occasional sit at home drug user . I read it and learned a few things about the law I did n't know about . Definately a must read for anyone who uses any drugs whether it be a little or a lot . If you 're a dealer it gives you an outlook of legal information , but one of the author 's commandments in the book is `` Thou shall not sell '' which every dealer already knows . The only rule for dealers is DO N'T GET CAUGHT .
 I bought this book after reading the table of contents , which gives a good idea of how funny and comprehensive it is . Aside from the laughs and the insane `` dope ditties '' -LRB- public cavity searches on pregnant women ! naked men trying to eat their dope in front of cops ! -RRB- , I felt like I understood the criminal justice system from beginning to end after reading this book . And it was never boring . If lawyer Fabricant has n't been there , he 's done a lot of research ... hehehehe .
 This is an awesome book , from the R. Crumb cover to every single story being interesting and funny , and informative . This book is a must read , both for yourself and if you have teenage/college-age kids !
 this book tells you how it is . no punches pulled . full and compleat he also has real life examples too . cops do lie all of them . judges will let almost anything slip by to put the pain on you . as for the written law thay do n't follow it . get this book so you can get street smart so you do n't become a prisoner of the drug war .
 Both sad and hilarious at the same time , this book is a must read for anyone who wonders at our current criminal justice policy . Almost four decades of the drug war have produced no discernable reduction in drug use , but loads of folks in prison and a steady erosion of our constitutional rights .
 Different perspective written about the drug problem across the United States . Pretty well written , could of gone deeper than it did .
 I have yet to complete this book , but its great so far . Entertaining , and educational . hard to mix the two and keep my interests . I hope this helps sway you to purchase . HAPPY SHOPPING
 On page 88 of the book , he has a police chasing 2 white guys and another guy with the look of the old blackface almost looking like monkey saying he 's been running from authorities for over hundred years ... interesting drawing
 I received the `` Busted '' book in great condition and in a timely mannerand it was cost efficient as well . Many thanks .
 Spellman , a lucid analyst of the avant garde jazz movement in the '60s -LRB- see his liner notes , for example , on the original release of Coltrane 's `` Ascension '' -RRB- , has contributed with this book four compelling portraits of musicians who gave and have given their lives to jazz . `` Four Lives in the Bebop Business '' profiles two altoists , Jackie McLean and Ornette Coleman ; and two pianists , Cecil Taylor and Herbie Nichols . Spellman skillfully crafts the narratives , while wisely allowing his subjects to tell large chunks of their stories in their own words.It becomes clear as one reads the book that it took a lot of guts to be a jazz musician during the '50s and '60s -LRB- and still does -RRB- . All four of the musicians faced major obstacles in pursuing their art.McLean , who enjoyed the greatest amount of commercial success of the four , especially early on , battled drug addiction . Taylor and Coleman faced open hostility because of their challenging , groundbreaking approaches to playing their instruments . Nichols -LRB- the only one of the four who is not still alive -RRB- was just plain ignored , despite his brilliantly original playing -LRB- check out the two-disk Blue Note compilation of his music -RRB- , and spent much of his all-too-brief career playing in Greenwich Village dives.In spite of bad accommodations , poor pay , public indifference , critical hostility and difficulty finding gigs , these artists , the book makes clear , would never play anything other than jazz . In this sense , the book has an underlying inspirational message . Still , it remains for America to fully embrace its only true indigenous art form , something which to this day has not occurred.The book also offers insights from the musicians on the creative process and about the historic changes in jazz that occurred during the '60s , from the perspective of men who were on the front lines of the battles between critics , musicians , and the listening public.Required reading for the serious jazz listener .
 This book is a great resource for someone looking for words to match the music of such greats as Ornette Coleman . Not only does it look at the lives and developments of these people as musicians , but also at the constant struggles such artists faced -LRB- still face ? -RRB- in the music industry . I ca n't imagine there was any other book of its kind back when it was first published in 1966 , but that aside , its still worth a read now that such important jazz figures are more widely appreciated . Spellman has a deep respect for the musicians he writes about . More than a respect , a reverence . This is particularly true of the section dedicated to Herbie Nichols . I picked this book up simply because I 'm a huge Ornette Coleman fan , but I think my favorite parts of the book were the conversations with Cecil Taylor . His perspective on Stockhausen is priceless and pretty entertaining .
 I enjoyed this book thoroughly . The four biographies were wonderful and deepened my understanding of the bebop era and what life is like for career musicians . I was at first drawn to this book because of the biography of Herbie Nichols ; I own the complete works of Herbie Nichols on CD but until I read this book only knew that he was unappreciated during his lifetime . Now I really understand Mr. Nichols and my respect for him and ability to appreciate his music is much deeper . Same for Ornette Coleman , who until I read his biography here was to my mind merely an eccentric who had helped ruin the commercial viability of jazz . Thanks to this book I now understand how sincere and committed and courageous Ornette Coleman was . I bought this book on Amazon about a month ago and I do not understand why Amazon lists it , a month later , as `` out of print '' . I urge anyone who wants to deepen his/her understanding of jazz music to read this wonderful book . People who want to learn jazz can no longer simply go to 52nd Street in NYC and learn from the masters directly . Books such as this book , videos , and CD 's are the only way for the current and future generations to learn about the golden age of jazz . Thus , this book is * essential * for a sincere student of jazz . The book 's high quality is worthy of the heavy responsibility it thus bears . By the way in the course of the four biographies it contains a lot of fascinating detailed insights about Theolonius Monk , Miles Davis and Charlie Parker .
 `` Teach Yourself 101 Key Ideas In Linguistics '' offers concise and comprehensible presentations of linguistics concepts , from ` Acquisition of Language ' to ` Writing System ' . Use this book to refresh your knowledge of linguistics concepts . Or use the book to grasp what key ideas interest linguists.To explain certain key ideas of linguistics , the author contrasts English with other languages . Throughout the book , the author uses interesting and humorous examples that establish the relevance of the linguistics ideas he presents.I 'm using the book as a quick-reference , but if you 're new to linguistics , you might use the book to learn what makes linguistics worth doing .
 Anyone whose life is significantly impacted by partial seizures , whether directly or indirectly , should own this book . This is the only book that I have come across that specifically addresses partial seizures -LRB- simple and complex -RRB- , and as such it is tremendously valuable to parents , friends , family members , and people who have Epilpesy themselves . It seems that books on Epilepsy are either very cheap -LRB- and broad and shallow in scope -RRB- or extremely expensive -LRB- and bordering on encyclopedic -RRB- , but this book falls nicely in the middle . It weighs in at a reasonable price and provides a wealth of information that an interested person might otherwise only find by sifting through a large volume.I have read this book twice and I was still learning as I read it the second time . It includes lots of personal accounts , both by people who have seizures and caregivers -LRB- mostly parents of children with seizures -RRB- . I think that these varied accounts provide a great deal of insight , particularly for those who do n't themselves have seizures but must face its issues . The book includes lots of resources in terms of books , addresses , websites , and organizations , and also includes a good section on insurance issues . If your life is affected by partial seizures , you should have this book .
 The information in this book surpassed any expectation I had . What a helpful resource this book is . It explains what seizures are , clearly , for the nonscientist , and then goes on to explain how a diagnosis is arived at . The book continues with advice on living with a partial seizure disorder , dealing with school , jobs , etc. , and what kinds of treatments -LRB- medical and less traditional -RRB- there are available . There is not a wasted page in this book . All of the information is valuable and helpful . If you need a book to help you understand partial seizure disorders , this book will satisfy most every need .
 This is THE BEST book to come out for epilepsy in a long time . It is great for both adults or parents of children with epilepsy , covering everything from medications , complimentary medicine , the various types of seizures and possible causes . I found Ms. Waltz 's information is very up-to-date -LRB- writing this in June 2001 -RRB- . The reference guide at the back of the book is a helpful resource for finding various support resources , including oversea pharmacies . I highly recommend this book to anyone whose life has been touched by seizures .
 This book is informative on all aspects of partial seizure disorders , from discovery to diagnosis and treatment . I loved how easy it was to read . I read this book in less than 2 days ! My only disappointment is that the book did n't touch a little more on the psychological impact of the disorders -LRB- and subsequent consequences -RRB- .
 Partial Seizure Disorders
 ... with basic factual info . A must have if you were recently diagnosed with partial seizures .
 I read this book , and I am only 17 years old . This is an extremely good book , but I would not reccomend it to anybody under 16 years of age ... I thoroughly enjoyed it , was scared out of my mind , and was disturbed to the point where I wanted to put down the book but found myself reading on to find out what happened next . READ IT YOURSELF !!
 Last year I found this book and once I opened it I could not put it down . Bugliosi is excellent at bringing the details to life on the page . Not only do we get a first hand account of the trial , but he also explains much of the legal process in very clear and understandable terminology . I am now a fan of his work and will be reading everything I can of his .
 Who better to write a book on the Manson family murders than the prosecutiing attorney . Vincent Bugliosi captures what actually happened during those two nights in 1969 . Through testimony of his witnesses he gets eye-witness truths abouy Manson and his family . The best book I 've ever read .
 After all these years , Helter Skelter still strikes me as one of the best well written books on how to successfully investigate , and bring to justice a manipulator and killer .
 I am 13 and have read Helter Skelter for the first time . The murders were described in extreme detail . I had nightmares every night while reading the book . This book has showed me the horrifying dark side that is in some people , and showed why this monster , -LRB- Charles Manson -RRB- could have ordered the murders . It was also fascinating that the murderers in Manson 's `` family '' were hypnotized to do Manson 's deed . I would reccommend this book only to mature readers .
 I first discovered this book early 1992 in the UK and have read it at least twice a year since then . It fascinates me , horrifies me to think that such a thing might happen again , makes me think , there but for the grace of God go a lot of us ... . but above all I wonder what has happened to those involved in the story - particularly Linda Kasabian , Susan Atkins , Leslie Van Outen , Tex , Patricia Krenwinkel , Sandy , Squeaky , Bruce , Bobby ... . well , all of the family . PLEASE could an ` addendum ' giving known information be included in future editions ?
 Helter Skelter is the best book I 've ever read . Written by the prosecuter himself , this book gives a very in-depth summary of the entire Manson `` Family '' story . ** Also includes lots of legal info. , especially CA state law , for those intrested .
 Loved it all . Read it in a couple of hours I was that drawn in .
 This book is THE best ever written about the horrific deaths caused Charles Manson and his `` familiy '' . After reading it , one understands how a criminal investigation works and how a prosecutor puts together a successful case . Even in the jaded ' 90 's , `` Helter Skelter '' still ranks as frightening piece of true crime literature .
 I 've read Helter Skelter four times now and every time '' Hell has been scared out of me '' . It 's a must read for anyone who loves true crime .
 Vincent Bugliosi , the lead prosecutor , and co-author Curt Gentry write a disturbing yet intriguing account of Manson cases . Bugliosi and Gentry spare few details in describing the events before the murders , the murders themselves , as well as the successful prosecution of Charles Manson and members of his cult . The descriptions of how the Manson cult operated paints a picture nearly as tragic as the murders themselves . Although Bugliosi and Gentry make an excellent effort attempting to answer the question of `` Why , '' such a question may be unanswerable . Bugliosi and Gentry also continually ask the question of how much control to cult leaders have over the followers ? This is a provocative question that comes up during the trial . At the end of the book , this question is re-evaluated in light of more recent events such as David Koresh and Jim Jones.The one minor criticism I have of this book is that it was n't entirely clear on how the Manson cult was first brought to the attention of law enforcement as possible suspects . The book goes from the murders to ostensible suspects , which are the cleared and then the case goes cold . The book jumps from a cold case to Manson cult as suspects , without much explanation .
 Ever since I 've read this book , I 've been fascinated by Charles Manson . I 'd really love to learn more about him in present day and know it is accurate . Vincent Bugliosi should try to conduct current interviews with him . Bugliosi does a wonderful and accurate job of describing the story !
 This book was haunting , but regardless I could n't put it down until the end . It is however pretty graphic at times , and I am not one for violence so it may not be for everybody . But deffinatly worth the time because I learned a lot about the people involved and the cases themselves .
 This book is one of my all time favourites . Compelling , well-written , chilling and suspenseful , it is also an excellent social study as well . Bugliosi did a wonderful job not only in prosecuting the case but in writing a book for the ages about it . To get the full flavour of the times , listen to the Beatles ' `` White Album '' while reading this book . That album was a huge influence on Manson , and one of its songs would end up providing the title to this masterpiece .
 This is prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi 's 1974 first-person account -LRB- with co-writer Curt Gentry -RRB- of the Tate/LaBianca murders committed by the infamous Manson Family . The compelling 600 + page narrative proceeds chronologically , starting with the discovery of the bodies at the Tate residence on Saturday morning , August 9th , 1969 . It continues through the massive investigation and the eventual June to November 1970 trial of Charles Manson and three of his `` Manson girls '' . Bugliosi was the assistant district attorney that was appointed as prosecutor , and he became actively involved in the LAPD 's investigation , helping to link these murders with other crimes and eventually the Family . The authors excel at explaining police procedures and legal proceedings in plain language , though occasionally slow the pace of the story with excessive detail , mostly during the trial segment . The book contains over 50 pages of black and white photographs of the major characters and physical evidence , including the crime scenes . Bugliosi penned a 30 page afterword in 1994 with updates on most of the major characters . A national bestseller upon its publication , this is billed as `` The # 1 True Crime Bestseller of All Time '' . Like a previous reviewer , I became aware of this book after seeing recent media coverage of the 40th anniversary of the murders .
 I did n't find this book -LRB- and audiobook in the case of this review -RRB- `` scary '' in the most real sense of the word , but it certainly was one of the most chilling I 've read . Something that law-abiding citizens often do n't truly understand -LRB- usually until it 's too late -RRB- is the cold-hearted and very matter-of-fact nature of criminals who are capable of acts like these , something this book captures perfectly through Bugliosi 's conversations with the Manson family members and other accounts from the trial . I knew the story but not the details and it was shocking to hear them.The narrator , Robert Foxworth , does a nice job to match the somber tone of the text , as it 's written in a very straight-forward way ; not a whole lot of inflection on this one , but certainly not dull . In the cases where some animation is needed , Foxworth delivers well .
 I read this book for the first time in the early ' 80 's as a child . I picked it off my aunts dusty book shelf . I took it home to read and it scared the pants off of me it was so chilling . Such an evil story .
 What do you say about a book that has sold 7 million copies ? That is so unbelievable it has to be true ? A name that 40 years later still strikes terror into people ? That is the problem I am having as I am sitting here thinking about this review , I just do n't know what to say.Before I read this , I thought I knew a lot about Charles Manson . I mean , I DID know a lot , but I did n't know as much as I thought I did . Everyone who has told me they read it has said it affected their life . That is was a compelling read , but they would n't read it again . I do n't understand that . I think I will there is more to be learned . Mr. Bugliosi is an excellent writer , he tells not just what happened , but details his search to find out the motive behind it . He explains what Manson believed `` Helter Skelter '' was . The influence the Beatles had on him -LRB- one of the things I did n't know -RRB- . In an afterward written 25 years after the case , he writes his beliefs about why `` the nation continues to be fascinated with the Manson murder case . The five year anniversaries of the murders , are marked by articles , news reports , and television specials internationally . '' He also talks about how other mass murderers and serial killers , the mention of their names does not have the profound effect that the name `` Charles Manson '' . Even today , his crime stands out.The book is written in eight parts -LRB- I think , I ca n't check because Tigger has absconded with my copy , he wants to read it and could n't wait for me to write this -RRB- . It logically progresses from the murders , to the investigation , then the killers , then gives background on Charles Manson and his ` family ' , his ` girls ' as he called them . We read about his opinion of the establishment -LRB- no surprises there -RRB- , other races and women . His total control over the people who followed him , who believed he was JC -LRB- Jesus Christ -RRB- to the extent of who was their lawyers , what they did and said in court . The book has tons of pictures , drawings , maps and about 10 pictures of Manson , each different from the other , including the most famous one , the one that caused his family to say , `` Charlie made the cover of Life ! '' . Before I read this , someone told me , any fan of True Crime books should read Helter Skelter , and I agree with that statement . I recommend this book.Written 08December2008
 My book was in exactly the same condition as was described when I ordered it . I am still appalled at how human beings can savagely butcher other human beings that were just at the wrong place at the wrong time . The Tate-LaBianca murders happened right before I turned 6 years old , and I remember when it happened . It has always made me sad for the victims and especially their families for what they have had to endure throughout the years .
 This is , by far , the best true crime book I have ever read . Bugliosi writes very well and gives a very detailed account of the Manson trials . I did n't know much about these cases and now that I do , I am completely horrified and so thankful that these people are in prison !
 WARNING - This Book might trigger a long term fascination/obsession with this case.Helter Skelter is an absolutely brilliant and engrossing True Crime book that reads as smoothly as a novel while exploring the countless aspects and characters in this case in an organized easy to follow fashion.In my opinion the Manson Family phenomenom and the Tate/La Bianca murderers are the most interesting criminal case in American History.This case encompasses not only the actual crimes but the worlds of Hollywood , the music business , the counter culture youth movement of the 60 's with a little apocalypse christianity and white/black relations as well.Truly amazing stuff and this book depicts it better than any before or since .
 My dad bragged to me about how good this book was when he read the original edition , and that it should even be required reading for high school or college students . It takes quite a book to reach that milestone , so I decided to take his advice and read it . As most do , I knew of the infamous Tate-LaBianca homicides and of the Manson Family , but I never took the time to truly understand every detail.It is a long book , and there is so much information in it that some never finish it , and others just ca n't possibly comprehend so many pieces put together of what Manson truly believed and preached . I would suggest to any reader that they consider it a challenge to finish it , because it will enlighten them about the whole Manson situation . Do not be discouraged by the high quantity of detail , visions from every aspect.There was a film created based on the book , but it is nowhere near the same caliber , not even in the same ballpark . In fact , of all the documentaries , interviews , and films about these murders one can encounter combined still do not match up with the whole picture that this book presents . There is no possible way that any screenwriter can condense this mountain of information into a two hour run time . And as Bugliosi says himself , no one would read all of these details in a book if no murders were committed . But because they were , and because of what Bugliosi pieced together , it is worth every bit of a reader 's time from cover to cover.If you are willing to take the time to truly understand Helter Skelter , then by all means read this book . But if you feel you do n't have the time to complete it or just ca n't digest endless amounts of information and detail , then attempt it when you feel you can because this book does not deserve poor reviews from readers who could n't grasp what it offered . In the end , I have to agree with my dad . It should be required reading , somewhere . It may be too much even for high school minds to absorb , but it should certainly be seen in college .
 ... polluted what was good about the peace-loving hippies and made them the scurge of the earth . The Manson Murders held the city of Los Angeles in a state of immobilizing fear whose tremors could be felt across the country and beyond . Bugliosi 's descriptive depiction of this unbelievable series of true events makes this a MUST READ .
 Yes , all the reviews are correct
 I read this when I was 14 and never turned back . Bugliosi 's writing is amazing . I have re-read this 3 times over the last 15 years and I never re-read books . Every time I read it I take away something new or a different thought . Wonderful book !
 I first read this book in high school and I picked it up and read it again recently . It is a very well written true crime novel and it is written by the D.A. who worked hard to put Charlie away . He does pat himself on the back but the author was faced with trying to solve one of the most bizarre series of killings in American history . When I first read the book it was remarkable to me how young and innocent the killers -LRB- the Family members -RRB- looked in the pictures . These were practically children , completely brainwashed into following Manson like a slave.Bugliosi does a nice job unraveling the mystery and setting out the facts in the way a talented Prosecutor would . This book still gives me the creeps every time I see it and it still horrifies me to think what people will due when their minds are controlled by a sociopathic , delusional , institutionalized , hardened criminal con-man . They 'll never parole those people because they keep going back to the crime scene photos-thank god !!
 One of the most chilling books I 've ever read . Highly recommended !
 CBS recently ran an absolutely awful made-for-TV movie allegedly based on this book . The movie was a pale imitation of this well written and thought provoking book . Indeed , in my mind , the only thing that book and the movie had in common was the title.In the book , Vincent Bugliosi tells a tale of a bizzare murder and the extraordinary efforts of law enforcement to convict the culprits . As the reader , you `` witness '' the horrorific crimes through detailed descriptions of the crime scene . But , the violence discussed is not glorified but all too real . The reader also comes to understand the mind of a madman and his followers . And , finally , the reader can appreciate and applaud the efforts of Bugliosi to ensure that justice is served.Helter Skelter is truly one of the best true crime books ever written .
 This true crime novel covers one of the most sensational American trials of the 20th century , that of Charles Manson and his `` family '' , who were responsible for a series of gruesome murders in California at the end of the 1960 's . Can not properly call this a mystery since the outcome of the case and the identity of the killers is well known , rather this account of the Manson family written by the prosecuting attorney gives insight into the bizarre motivations for the murders . `` Helter Skelter '' covers the investigation of the murders and a detailed accounting of the trial , with great photo insert sections . If this story had been conceived of and written as fiction it would not be believable , here the truth is indeed stranger than fiction.Charles Manson was the product of a severely dysfunctional childhood , and a life spent more inside prison or detention than out . This individual , like a cult leader of a commune , was able to attract young people to him and have them become so devoted to him they believe he 's Jesus Christ returned and are willing to -LSB- destroy -RSB- any random individual for him on command.I 'm old enough to remember the Tate/Labianca murders when they were front page news , read the first edition of `` Helter Skelter '' way back , and really enjoyed this newer version with the added 1994 afterward by Bugliosi telling us where all the story participants are today . I had no idea that some of Manson 's ideas are still around , unbelievable what attracts some human beings .
 I remember last year around Halloween I read an article about the best books to read for Halloween . Even the article 's author conseded that this was a strange choice -LRB- it 's not fiction -RRB- but had a good point . The first 10 pages of this book are truly terrifying and I guarantee you will be affected . It is also very hard because you ca n't help but feel desperate for the victims because terror was a part of what these killers meant to put into their last moments of life . And as most who know about this case it was one of the most horrible crime scenes to ever be discovered .
 Though this book was written decades ago , it has yet to be beaten in the crime genre . Rarely do I feel that I understand the mind of a killer and have such a vivid memory of a crime .
 This is my second reading of Vincent Bugliosi 's Helter Skelter this time with the new afterword . I came across a copy whilst on holiday in florida this summer . I read the book when I came home and bearing in mind I was already familiar with the story , I made a major mistake of reading it in bed one evening and suffice to say I had the most awful nightmare . I did not read the book again at night time . A horrifying true account of murder which i still can not comprehend how a persons mind can be in such a way as to carry out the most unspeakable of atrocities . In fact I watched a recent documentary in the Uk about Ted Bundy and as bad as it was I could not even compare it to Helter Skelter . Vincent Bugliosi 's account of the events made unstoppable reading for anyone who is interested in true crime . I would recommend this one for the top of your list - If you can stomach it .
 In the summer of 1969 , I was enjoying the afterglow of having participated in the National Boy Scout Jamboree in Farragut , Idaho . For a couple of years , I knew next to nothing about Charles Manson and the murders he commissioned . By adulthood , I 'd heard the story many times and when I read the descriptions of Manson in Helter Skelter and read the gruesome accounts of the murders , I was already grievously familiar with them.BUT , I did n't know anything about the prosecutorial genius of Vincent Bugliosi . As I read more deeply into his book , I became more and more fascinated by his imaginative , dogged pursuit . He seemed as much an artist as an investigator as he envisioned scores of possibilities for how the crimes might have happened and as he began to formulate his theory of Manson 's motive . Maybe orchestra conductor would be the more apt metaphor
 One of the best true crime books ever written . Helter Skelter tells the horrific story of the Tate/LaBianca murders . In grim detail Bugliosi takes the reader on a journey to find and bring to justice lowlife maniacs who killed innocent people for no reason . `` The story you are about to read will scare the hell out of you '' , that 's an understatement . I have seen Leslie Van Houten on `` Court TV '' looking like a librarian who stamps children 's books and tells them to bring it back in two weeks . Yet she is nothing more then an evil woman who viciously murdered two people . You will get to know each one of the killers and be thankful you never get to meet them . And of course , you will read about Sharon Tate and how she called for her mother before she fell to her death -LRB- truly heartbreaking -RRB- . Then there is the part that tells the twist of fate that had each `` Tate '' victim somewhere else if only ...
 Last year I found this book and once I opened it I could not put it down . Bugliosi is excellent at bringing the details to life on the page . Not only do we get a first hand account of the trial , but he also explains much of the legal process in very clear and understandable terminology . I am now a fan of his work and will be reading everything I can of his .
 My father suggested this book to me -- why I do n't know , I 'm only 17 -- but I have n't been able to put it down . I was not alive when Charles Manson was not in prison , and I 've seen several specials on TV about him -LRB- `` Portrait of a Killer , '' etc , etc -RRB- , but this book answers all the unasked questions I had -- when did all this take place ? Why ? Who exactly was killed and who exactly did it ? All I knew was that Sharon Tate had died in a bad way and that Charles Manson , a total wacko with a swastika on his forehead , was responsible , and that some women and a girl named `` Squeaky '' were somehow involved . With Bugliosi 's brilliant book , ALL BECOMES CLEAR . If you have any questions at all lingering about the Manson case , read this book . Caution , though -- the statement on the first page behind the cover is utterly accurate -- it will scare the hell out of you . I salute Bugliosi for his portrayal of the whole thing and I only wish I could get in touch with him to explain how much I admire him .
 I thought this book was magnificent . The way Vincent Bugliosi described everything in such depth . I found some of it to be dragging in the beginning , but am I glad I did n't give up on this one . The chilling reality is what got to me the most .
 Vincent Bugliosi is n't kidding when he writes on the very first page `` The Story You Are About To Read Will Scare The Hell Out Of You '' . Bugliosi somehow finds a way into the sick and distorted mind of Charles Manson , as he was the prosecutor during Manson 's trial . He remembers small details from long ago , never moving over to another topic . `` Helter Skelter '' is a great albeit terrifying book .
 No one-line summary could be more true . Such heinous crimes perpetrated by the mind of one insane drug-crazed hippy influenced by the Beatles could be nothing more but stretching beyond the realms of sanity . Curt Gentry and Vincent Bugliosi , more especially , my congratulations on having come up with such an extraordinary piece of work .
 Charles Manson is still alive today . He is 75 yrs . old.He is still crazy . All of the ones convicted are still alivetoday and in prison except for Susan Atkins . She diedof cancer . They are in their 60 's . None of them will everbe paroled.If you are a first time reader of this book you are in for atreat . This is a true crime classic . It is excellent . Verywell written.Hippie Charles Manson is a small , troll of a man . He isugly , he stinks and he is mean as a snake . You will havea hard time understanding how this man had such controlover the young people in his group.He controlled with sex and LSD.He always asked each member if they would die for him.He also asked them to kill for him . Most did.Charlie not only had those 7 people killed on those 2nights in Aug. 1969 but he killed many of his group membersand any one who dis-respected him in any way.I can say 2 good things about Charlie -- he would not eat meatand he never killed an animal . But , this is also true of Hitler.His varied crimes covered many Calif. counties and it washard to solve cases involving his group because many policedepts . did not share info with each other . It is a miracle thathe was ever arrested and tried for anything.The court room scenes and Vince Bugliosi the dist . atty.arebrilliant . Vince is a master in the court room . He had Charlieright from the beginning.I have read this book over many many times . I think you willend up doing the same . I have bought many copies and giventhem to my friends . The book and crime is over 30yrs old.You will never forget it . I was a soph in college when it happened.I was scared when I heard about it . I was a thousand miles awayin Oklahoma.Charles brought an end to the generation of peace and love . Itwas a time of make love , not war and turn on , tune it and dropout . His killings ended all that . Hippies had turned into killers.Please read this book.NOTE -- I think you will also like THE SEA WILL TELL andTILL DEATH DO US PART by Vince . Good true crime stories .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . With the 30th anniversary upon us , it was exciting to finally understand the crime of the century and this madman named Manson . I had always heard things but never truely understood the depth of this man . Scary and sick . I HIGHLY recommend this book .
 This is the wonderfully engaging tale of how Bugliosi successfully prosecuted the Manson Family for the August 1969 murders . However , if you wish to learn a lot about the backgrounds of the `` family '' members , this is not the book for you . This book is from a law-enforcement point of view . If you pick up this book hoping to learn about Manson and his philosophy , you 'll be disappointed . However , if you want to know how the players were implicated and prosecuted , there 's no better book .
 creepy , strange , and a good insight into the evils of man . i was 13 when i read it , and it scared me all right . good , book , buy it , NOT A BEDTIME STORY !
 I was n't alive when Sharon Tate and the six other people were killed by the Manson followers but I sure remember being scared as a kid growing up in the 1970 's and seeing their images on TV . This book is a great read and very informative . It is a shame that so many lives were wasted as a result of these killings . The book is chilling and made me feel as if I was in the living room at Sharon Tate 's house . See the ` Blair Witch Project ' ? Read this book if you want to know true human evil and the power of fear .
 This book is the greatest book of the summer . If you have n't read it yet , do so soon . I got it from one of my friends , and it is just so cool . You can not get over the suspense of the book . It 's a terrifying mystery that is interesting . Some parts to me are gross . But the rest of the book is terrific .
 bugliosi recreates the events of the manson murders and the trial in expicit detail and reiterates them nemerous times , although never becoming redundant or boring . helter skelter warrants the title of the best-selling crime book ever . bugliosi creates an incessantly fascinating timeline of the events occuring in the life of possibly the most dangerous man of our time -- manson . you must read this book !!!!!
 The true story of serial killer Charles Manson andhis `` Family '' . A great look at the life , the murders , and the trials of one of the most popular serialkillers ever . .
 This book really had my skin crawling late at night while reading it . It scared me so much that when my cat jumped onto the bed I evacuated my bowels . But I was so scared that Charles Manson was hiding under my bed that I just had to lay there in my own filth . Once the morning sun came up and I was finally convinced that Manson was n't hiding behind the chair in the corner of the room , I shoulder rolled out of bed and took the fastest shower I have ever taken in my life . After three weeks on the run , I ended up in a little logging town outside of Boise . I lived there for about three years , when I accidentally stumbled across the book at a local library . It brought back all of those same feelings back , and I messed my pants again something awful . If you 've got a strong stomach , a strong mind , and a good clean pair of pants , I 'd suggest this book to anyone who wants insight into a horrific time in American history . But if you are like me and turn your britches into brown paint every time you read it , you may want to read something a little tamer .
 Very informative and interesting . Vincent did a great writing job as well as holding the readers attention . If you are interested in true crime I highly recommend this book .
 Charles Manson is part of the American conscience , so I was of course aware of who he was when I began the story . My mom had told me that it was so scary when she tried to read it in college that she ran down the hall and threw the book in the bathroom trash ! So I was n't exactly sure what to expect.Bugliosi is a very good writer and exceptionally detail-oriented . The story begins with a bit of background on Sharon Tate and Roman Polanski and introducing the reader to the other people that were killed in the house that night . He also briefly covers the LaBiancas , the lesser known victims of that murderous spree . Once the crimes are committed , the story becomes more and more fascinating as the key players and their motives are introduced . It all seemed senseless before and it still seems senseless after reading Bugliosi 's exhaustive account . Any true crime fan should definitely give this a read , the ultimate in true crime writing .
 Helter Skelter motive is a little far out . Real reason for murder was a copycat of Beausoeil 's murder of Gary Hinman .
 When Roman Polanski published his Mcbeth film , everyone wrote , the sombre of this film is due to the just suffered experience of the Manson massacre . That will probably be correct . He went through thus something . Not only that his highly pregnant woman was murdered and , besides , some of his friends
 This book was really good . It had all the details and stuff about how and what he used to kill these people . It tells you about what kind of person manson was . Which i still belive he was very demented . It is about the trial , which in most books i do n't like but this one was very well written and very informitive . I would really recommend this book .
 Bugliosi was without doubt a great prosecutor but the whole Helter Skelter theory as the motive over the years has become discredited in fact im not convinced Bugliosi if he tried the case today would use that idea again .
 I received exactly what I ordered and received the book when I was told I would receive it .
 I was suprised this book appealed to me since I do n't typically like horror , blood and gore , or dark mystery novels . What made Helter Skelter different for me tho , was its REALITY ; knowing everything shocking I was reading actually occured . The author takes the reader through a very involved history of Manson 's roots , digging deep into the psyche of his groopies ; those who were willing to sacrifice their bodies and minds to this cult-like lunatic leader who finally came to also request his followers to murder ... horribly . If you only read one -LRB- 1 -RRB- thriller in your life , Helter Skelter should be the one .
 I was getting really into the story , but when I hit page 304 I got an unpleasant surprise . Pages 305-336 were missing ! Instead , a set of pages -LRB- 298-304 , which included several pages of photographs not given page numbers -RRB- was repeated . The first page 304 was followed by the repeated page 298-304 , and the second page 304 was followed by page 337 ! I called customer service , and they are sending me a replacement , but I have no idea if the defect was isolated to one book , or an entire printing of them . Buy the book by all means - I 'm finding it fascinating . But when you get the book , check to see that all the pages are there , so you catch a problem before you get into the story ... cause believe me , that 's no fun .
 I read this book a while ago now , & the parts i remember the most is when Charles Manson went up to Sharon Tate 's house on the day she was murdered & knocked on the door , & asked if this person he was looking for was still here , Sharon replied , `` no , he does n't live here anymore '' , Manson replied , `` ok '' & left , but when Sharon peeked thru the curtains , she saw manson walking , then stopping to look back at her with a spooky stare . The other part is where the groundskeeper William Garretson heard screaming , then heard someone running towards his caretaker house , & try to open the door , but she turned & ran off , how close he was in been killed . All in all a TRULY FRIGHTNING true story account of one of the most disturbing crimes in human history .
 Mr. Bugliosi wrote the book on crime investigation in L.A. Reads better than a novel . Explores the life of Charles Mansion from his pre-Family days up to the brutal crimes , and the sick minds behind them . Some of the best non-fiction you 'll ever read . Gives the victims a personality , not just bodies without a face . A great prosecuting attorney 's handbook .
 I remember the coverage of these awful events when they happened , but had forgotten or was n't aware of a lot of the details and/or false reporting by the media . This book is enthralling for many reasons - it 's amazing what people will do while under the influence of someone else and even more amazing how religion is usually twisted into everything , whether good or bad . Shows how easily fairly intelligent people can be brainwashed into thinking and doing things most would never consider . Fascinating , appalling , and unbelieveable all rolled into one .
 I was 16 years old the summer of 1969 and remember it vividly . I did n't read Helter skelter until I was 22 , when it first came out and learned for the first time many of the detail , and the book truly stays in your mind . That is what most of the other reviews say that it haunts you for many years and you actually feel that you are there on that hot summer night , Sharon and Jay talking in the bedroom and a strange woman walks in and orders them to the living room . How terrifying could it have been for Sharon watching Jay die in front of her and Frykowski and Folger fighting for their lives knowing very well her unborn child and her could n't defend themselves . Bugliosi wrote with such compassion for the victims and we can truly thank him that these people are behind bars now . Watching Charles Manson talk on television shows how unremorseful he is and will always be .
 Twenty-five years after its initial publication , * Helter Skelter * remains the definitive book about the Manson family and the murders it committed in 1969 . There are flaws in the book , for sure
 I began reading the paper book . I found it so amazing that it was hard for me to leave it for my daily activities . So I went to the beach with the intention to finish reading it . unfortunately , night came and I had to pick my tings up . I forgot to get my book back , so I bougth the Kindle version , which has some advantages .
 I had no idea the Manson family was so much more widespread than the one murder everyone hears about . Mr. Bugliosi does a great job presenting the history and breaking down the various individuals involved . A really riveting and informative read . Would definitely recommend this book .
 This work about the Manson Family has to be one of the most singularly disturbing works of nonfiction I have ever read in my life .
 This book is compelling throughout and offers insight into the investigation and prosecution of one of the most disturbing cases in United States History .
 Growing up I would occasionally here Charles Manson references . What I gleaned from the usage of his name was that it was synonymous to crazy , psychotic and evil . In fact , I even made the off-the-cuff remark at times that someone was like Charles Manson although I did n't know who Manson was , what he did exactly , or even if he was still alive!After reading this book I feel thoroughly informed yet more curious about the enigma known as Charles Manson . Vince Bugliosi did a good job of penning a story that was already written . The murders , Charles Manson , The Family and Manson 's pervasive aura was already there and people 's interests were already piqued ; they only needed someone , preferably an insider , to put the story into print . Vince , being the prosecutor on the case as well as investigator , had just the in depth knowledge needed to write a book.The first 550 pages flowed quite nicely and provided just about all of the details a reader could ask for . The book hit a bit of a snag once Bugliosi began writing about the penalty phase of the Manson trial . At this point some things became redundant and what was n't redundant was n't that insightful or interesting . Furthermore , it seems like Bugliosi took this opportunity to get on his soap box by quoting large portions of his closing argument . I think he saw it as his coup de grace but it was only a summation of what I 'd been reading the entire book . No doubt , Vince Bugliosi was the arrogant and verbose attorney and that permeated the entire book . It was both overt and covert . A testimony to his self aggrandizement is the fact that he mentioned , at the beginning of the trial , that most of the legal community did n't believe that any of the Manson Family would be convicted due to lack of evidence . Well , due to Bugliosi 's investigative skills and being able to see connections when no one else was , he was able to secure a conviction . Many times throughout the book I found him expressing in one way or another how others had missed things or had n't done their jobs properly.Don ' t get me wrong , he was a `` brilliant prosecutor '' , to quote him , I was just hoping he would n't break his arm patting himself on the back . In fact , just discovering the whole Helter Skelter ideology made him darned good and made this book worth reading . There was one other rumination of Vince 's that I found worthwhile . It is something that I 'd also wondered about myself ; which is
 A very well written page turner . This book held my attention for all 700 + pages . It 's a gruesome topic , but you wo n't be able to put it down once it sucks you in .
 Whether or not you know anything about the Tate-LaBianca murders , you should read `` Helter Skelter , '' an amazingly thorough account of the killings , the events leading up to and after the events , the completely deranged fantasies of Charles Manson , how he converted a legion of sheltered , middle-class kids into his lackeys and -LRB- in many cases -RRB- killers , and how they were convicted and sent to Death Row -LRB- sentences later commuted to life imprisonment -RRB- . Though Prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi 's high-minded moralizing can get a bit annoying -LRB- but when has a prosecutor not been shrill and annoying ? -RRB- , one can only marvel at the sheer volume of work put into compiling the difficult-to-obtain evidence against Manson and the other killers . They should have had Bugliosi prosecute O.J. . After you read the book , try to hunt down `` Manson , '' a 1972 documentary film about the Family that was nominated for an Oscar . It 's out of print , but more off-beat video places may have it in stock .
 This book has all the painfull details of the most gripping crime of the pass 100 years . Not scent jack the ripper has there been anything more wacked out . It is a real page turner that you will not be able to put down . You will never think of the word `` Family '' or `` Love of Family '' the same way again . This is NO bedtime story . You will be checking your doors and sleeping with the lights on after the first 5 pages . This as got to be one of the best true crime books you will ever read .
 I have read this book several times -LRB- Helter Skelter . -RRB- I know that may sound silly , but the truth was I knew there were little things I was missing . Each time I read it , I discovered something new . It was like reading a whole new story each time . Mr. Bugliosi is one hell of a storyteller , and I feel I can rest better knowing there is someone like him who cares enough to free us from the sick , perverted , and twisted criminal while putting his own life in jeapordy . Of course , I was n't at the trial ; I was n't even 5 years old when it ended . But the more I heard about the `` Manson Family '' , the more I struggled to get my parents to let me read about it . Once I was old enough , my mother bought me the book . I have never experienced anything like it since ! I felt as if I was in the courtroom with Mr. B. during the trial . I could actually picture where I would be sitting . I only wish I could have been the judge the day of sentencing . I would have ordered the ex ! ! ecution for the very same day . Mr. Bugliosi brought so many things to light about the trial so when a discussion starts about Manson , I feel as if I 'm the expert . I felt as if I was sitting right in front of him -LRB- Mr. B. -RRB- and he was just telling me the story as it happened . I 'd like to find other books written by Mr. B. , and hear of other cases he has prosecuted . I 'll tell you this much
 Any California parole board member who is even THINKING about letting Charles Manson out of prison should be forced to read this book . The book should have been subtitled `` Diary of A Madman , '' for that is exactly what Manson is - nothing more , nothing less . Vincent Bugliosi , I salute you for getting - and keeping - this monster and his insane followers off of our streets , and then having the guts to write about just how deeply and perversely the human psyche can sink .
 Even with the biased jury in Simpsons criminal case , I believe Vince Bugliosi could have gotten at least a hung jury.He is the best prosecuter of all time in my opinion.He is truly concerned with JUSTICE.I recommend reading all of his books
 I found this book very interesting and disturbing . It 's all the details you would want to know about the Charles Manson case.To think that one man could convince people to carry out such horrendous crimes . That he had such skill in story telling and making people follow him blindly . I enjoyed reading all the details of the case and how evidence would come up and start up new leads . Bugliosi did an excellent Job of walking us through the crime , and all the way through to the Trial.I could not put the book down . It 's a definite page turner , and has many photo 's of the victims , the killers and the evidence . Not for the squeamish , very detailed .
 Disturbing , Shocking , Creepy , Scary , yet a page-turner , and a-very-hard-to-put-down book ... After reading helter , I have this paranoia feeling of double checking the doors and windows locked ... Read this book alone at night with your windows open and doors unlocked , I DARE YOU !
 Quoting the words of the author , `` If this murders have never happened and someone wrote a novel with the same sets of facts and circumstances , most people would put it down after a few pages because as I understand it , to be good fiction it has to be somewhat believable and this story is just too far out . '' but it did happen in the year 1969 . This book by Vincent Bugliosi who prosecuted the Manson murders and eventually got the maximum penalty for the perpetrators -LRB- death later commuted to life imprisonment -RRB- chronicles the murders at the Tate residence to the LaBianca murders , the preliminary investigation , trial and eventual incarceration of the perpetrators.What makes this book stand on its own is that it provides a glimpse of the case from the prosecutor 's point of view . Bugliosi is a master of detail as he builds the case brick by brick such as the rope used to tie Sharon Tate and Jay Sebring , the bloodwork on the victims -LSB- not as easy as they show it in CSI , mind you -RSB- and the .22 handgun used as the murder weapon . Still , he had different challenges when the case reached trial from Manson and his followers ' courtroom theatrics to establishing motive which proved to be very bizarre.Aside from providing details of the case , Bugliosi also provides the history of the Manson group , speculates on other murders the group may have committed and draws the societal repercussions of the murders . Updates are also provided on the people involved in the case -LRB- Charles Manson , Sadie , Linda Kasabian , Tex etc. . . -RRB- . All credit to the author for giving fair treatment to Manson and his cohorts despite the crime 's vile nature.Indeed , the writing style and attention to detail makes this the definitive work on the Manson murders .
 I 'm a chronic true crime reader and have read just about any true crime i can get my hands on . And this book has has got to top the cake . . I have family who despise Charles Manson but have read the book a few times , admitting that they like it . Whether for a person who wants a good read or a true crime fanatic like myself . I 've read it about 10 times and just CAN NOT put it down . Vincent Bulgliosi engages the reader from page one , making you feel like you 're viewing everything . . making you feel like you 're there and you have to try and solve the crime yourself . Gives a tonne of information about the trial , detailed conversations and confessions , character building.The book is divided into chapters . It starts with the finding of the murders by the Tate housemaid , then the search for the killers , then the investigation and then the trial.I can not rave enough . Vince sure as hell convinced me the motive was Helter Skelter and he justifies everything he believes with examples.It 's humourous , shocking , sad , and very provocative.i recommend it for anyone who likes true crime , charles manson books or anyone up for an interesting page turner of a read .
 I first read this book as a teenager back in 1979 , and I 've lost track of how many times I re-read it , but it 's got to more than a dozen times.It 's fascinating , and after reading it the first time , I wanted to become an attorney , so I could put away the bad guys -LRB- then I found out how much school that requires , so I moved on to something else -RRB- . This case is , unfortunately , still part of our national consciousness . My home is the general vicinity of where Spahn Ranch used to be , and whenever I have visitors from out of state , they almost always ask me to point out for them where it was.It came at a time when the turbulence of the 1960 's was culminating into the jadedness of the 1970 's , and I think that has something to do with why it still grabs us so much.One of the things I like so much about the book is the detail , the thoroughness , how Bugliosi tries to leave no stone unturned . The result is nothing short of a literary masterpiece in true-crime , and , in my opinion , it has never been matched in terms of good , page-turning writing , and it has stayed with me in a way that no crime story ever has before or since .
 Helter Skelter is the # 1 best selling true crime book ever because of three things
 I highly suggest that everybody read this book . It is , without hesitation , a genuine masterpiece in real life horror.The first page on the book reads
 One night in 1969 in Los Angeles , California , there were several murders at the home of movie producer Roman Polanski who was away on a trip . One of the victims was Sharon Tate , a beautiful but talentless actress who was eight months pregnant . A short drive away there were two more murders of Rosemary and Leno LaBianca . On their refrigerator , inscribed in their blood were the misspelled words , `` Healter -LSB- sic -RSB- Skelter . `` Fear gripped the city while the LAPD began the manhunt for the killers . With the arrest of Charles Manson , it is up to a prosecutor named Vincent Bugliosi to prosecute one of the most difficult charges of all -- conspiracy to commit murder.That is what this story is about -- murder , the bungling , the luck , the disappearances and murder of lawyers , the trial and the prosecution that had to bend and adjust to ensure killers did not walk free.While this book is several years old , it is still thrilling in how it can inspire fear because it was real , and because truth is stranger than fiction.The final irony is that a number of these murderers who freely admitted to , and evenly gleefully revealed their lack of mercy during their unspeakable crimes , now blame Charles Manson for what they had done.If you can find someone else to take the responsibility , then you can avoid seeing yourself for what you are -- murderers.Gripping , taut , all too real.Thx .
 `` If this was not a proper case for the death penalty , no case ever would be . '' In that one sentence , Vincent Bugliosi sums up exactly how horrific , senseless and sadistic these murders were . This is definitely not a case study for the squeamish , and Bugliosi leaves no stone unturned in his prosecution , as well as his investigation , of the Manson murders.Co-author Curt Gentry narrates the first half of the book in the omniscient third-person , informing readers of the stark facts . On August 9 , 1969 , 10050 Cielo Drive went from being Sharon Tate 's `` love house '' to a slaughter house where 5 victims -LRB- Tate , her friends Jay Sebring , Abigail Folger , Voytek Frykowsky , and an unknown bystander , Steven Parent -RRB- were stabbed repeatedly , and in some cases , shot . The most horrifying image is the death of Sharon herself , who was nearly nine months pregnant , and in her most vulnerable state . The following night , August 10 , Rosemary & Leno LaBianca were the victims of the massacre . Aside from the graphic nature of the crimes , messages had been printed in blood . Among them was a mispelled one
 In the early months of 1976 , my high school sociology teacher told us of a fascinating and horrifying book called `` Helter Skelter '' that had commanded his rapt attention for months . Published in 1974 , `` Skelter '' was Vincent Bugliosi 's riveting true-crime rendering of the notorious Manson family and their murderous crime spree in August 1969 . Bugliosi , significantly , was the prosecuting attorney of Manson and his malignant minions and he succeeded - brilliantly - in ridding our society of these senseless savages.I was seventeen years old then , and although I was no stranger to the extremes of human aberrations , I was mute with horror at some of my teacher 's revelations . -LRB- Sadie Mae Glutz 's weird name - and the equally goofy name she gave her newborn son - were the least of her post-partum peculiarities ... Manson family females had to wait until the slobbering canines devoured their meals before they could nourish their own inner children ... -RRB- Several months later , as a freshman newly transplanted at the University of Kansas precisely seven years after the abominable crimes , I purchased a paperback copy of `` Skelter '' . The prodigiously gifted prosecutor has created a spellbinding re-creation of the events surrounding that long-ago August weekend . Moreover , he has delved into the pathology of Manson and exposed the mass murderer for what he is
 Bugliosi holds nothing back and gets as graphic as the case requires ; this is not for delicate dispositions , it is a raw , brutal and monstrous example of what depravities evildoers are capable of when the right -LRB- or wrong -RRB- mix of degenerates come together ... . Manson trolled the streets for the homeless , runaways and neglected disenfranchised youth and made them his own `` family '' to use a comforting term is a grotesque parody of what family means to all decent people . None of these people on their own would have come together and created this multi-personality Hydra Manson created ; he has a special gift for gaining trust and making his worst depravities become reality by virtue of the control he wielded over these lost souls . This is evil , and the right ingredients were concocted to effect one of the worst serial killings of the twentieth century . The background was that Manson was brought up to the house on Cielo by Greg Jakobson who was involved with Manson on some dune buggy deals , and when he found out that Manson fancied himself a country singer he brought him to Cielo to meet Terry Melcher , Doris Day 's son and a then record executive who listened to Charli 's `` music '' and promised him , more facetiously than real , a recording contract . This was simply passing the time , and a fatuous , meaningless conversation that Manson took to heart , very seriously . When the contract never transpired , Manson felt betryaed by Melcher and wanted to get back at the pigs/establishment he saw as standing in the way of his success . Although he spent time trying to find Melcher , and when he contacted the Doris Day house in Beverly Hills , he was rebuffed . Melcher wisely ran up to Carmel to hide out with his mother . Manson , however , did know that there were people , Hollywood people , living there , and he made his plans from that information , to send a message . He sent his team , Susan Atkins , Tex Watkins , Leslie Van Houten et al. , to kill the pigs ... unfortunately , the people were the worse for wear , and Frykowski , a big tough Pole , was no match for the violence he woke up to ; being stabbed multiple times he quickly lost blood and then they turned their attentions to Abigail Folger and Sharon Tate . Jay Sebring -LRB- black belt in karate -RRB- gallantly tried to protect Sharon , but he was no match for the numbers of the group and their sheer bloodlust . Up until tbat night , Manson was viewed with some wariness , as he was obviously rather disturbed , but the full extent of his madness was not discovered until that August night . I lived at the bottom of the hill where the house was , and arrived home around midnight and saw the car parked at the bottom of the steep road that led yup to the house ... I thoguht it was kids making out . A Boy Scout leader a few miles away in Beverly Glen heard the screams , but the canyons have tricky acoustics and we heard nothing , right below the house . My brother had lived at the house when Melcher was there and made some offhand references to crazy Charlie , but he was nothing to be feared until that horrific night . The next morning I was awakend by many , amny cars going up the street , which was unusual , since it was a steep street , and we never got traffic ; I looked out the window and counted twenty or more police cruisers and ambulances constantly traveling in a grim convoy up the street , and helicopters flying overhead ... this went on all day , and after that , the circus started with tourists coming fom all over the United States to see the `` murder house . '' I had met Sharon Tate and Roman Polanski at a small dinner party and never forgot how stunningly beautiful she was ; absolutely breathtaking in person , and so sweet . The trial and the frightening lack of remorse was haunting , and we all armed ourselves with guns , not knowing if they would be back ; when they were caught in a stolen car raid at the Spahn Ranch , everyone breathed easier ... a friend of mine had a cabin in the Sierras and her mother drove up by herself one time and said she saw a schoolbus with hippies in it and they stared at her and as she told me alter `` Gave her the chills . '' The combination of these lost souls came together and created a monster that tortured and murdered many people , inclduing Shorty Shea and the La Biancas . Th trial and the crime itself is recreated in meticulous detail and you must marvel at the tenacity and the will of Bugliosi to endure this several month long trial ... and emerge victorious . The Supreme Court , in a questionable decision , rescinded the death penalty ; but for that , they would more than likely have been executed by now . So they still come up for parole and they still get denied , and long may that continue , because there is no doubt whatsoever , despite claims of new found Christinaity , they would do harm to others when they could ... this is a horrific glimpse into the minds and wills of people who are beyond any help or humanity ; they are monsters .
 When you open the book , the first thing you come to will be a disclaimer that warns , `` The story you are about to read will scare the hell out of you . '' This is no exaggeration ! Do n't make the mistake I did and read it alone in the middle of the night ! I was so terrified that I was afraid to close my eyes.Vincent Bugliosi does an effective job of putting the chilling story of the Manson murders into print . You will learn a few things about our country 's criminal-law system as you read the book , so it 's very educational.The greatest tragedy in this true-crime story was that Sharon Tate worked hard all her life for stardom yet would find it only in death.I can not help but empathize with all the murder victims -- some of whose bodies will never be found -- but most especially with the Tate and LaBianca victims whose only crime was being in the wrong place at the wrong time .
 I realize it is strange to say this is the `` best '' book ever and one of my all-time faves ... the subject matter is SO disturbing and the entire tale of Charlie Manson and his family is just plain creepy . But I am a fan of true crime books , and this is the best one out there . Bugliosi does such a fabulous job giving background info , delving into the lives of the Family , describing and detailing the two summer nights when they committed the Tata and LaBianca murders ... it is so frightening and so disturbing ... I suggest you DO NOT read this book late at night when you are in a hotel room or apartment all by yourself . You will swear something or someone is creepy-crawling around . To this day that simple phrase `` creepy-crawling '' makes the hair on my neck stand straight up.Bugliosi does a wonderful job with this book -- I usually am not a fan of long drawn-out courtroom descriptions , but Mr. Bugliosi makes you feel as if you are right there and `` in on the action . '' Of course , perhaps these courtroom chapters are fascinating because the defendants themselves were so strange , so odd , so malicious and without remorse , that everything they did was of interest . The book is the most frightening , disturbing , realistic , well-written , bone-chilling I have ever read ... and it is all the more frightening because it actually happened . I first read this book about 4 years ago and have re-read it about 3 times since , and I feel like I pick up on something new each time.This is one of those books you just can not put down -- even though the descriptions are gruesome , the crimes heinous , the family 's lifestyle so bizarre and disconcerting , Manson 's hold on them so difficult to grasp ... you keep turning the pages , reading faster and faster because you simply can not wait to find out what happens next . I highly recommend this book -- as long as you do not scare too easily . This is one book that stays with you for a long long long time .
 `` Helter Skelter '' gives you fair warning when opening its cover . It tells you that you are about to have the hell scared out of you . And it 's not kidding.Prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi wrote this granddaddy of true crime back in 1974 and even after 30 + years , `` Helter Skelter '' remains a true crime classic . The book is a hefty one -LRB- over 700 pages -RRB- and dissects not only the crimes , but also Charles Manson 's background and the Family 's various travels and journeys , including run-ins with the law prior to the infamous nights in question . The trial is also covered , which could be in excruciating detail for some.Even with the glorification of violence today , `` Helter Skelter '' remains a true story that is so frightening because it could have happened anywhere , to anyone.Read this excellent account , but be sure that the lights are on and all the doors and windows are locked .
 The chilling story as told by detective Bugliosi will scare and shock you to your utmost . There is an eerie sense all about you that keeps you wondering how such diabolocal people could exist in this world . In all its gorey details and brutally honest depiction of the Manson `` Family '' Bugliosi does not shield the reader from the horrrid acts committed . He is forthright in his personal fellings toward the murders and his perception of the Manson `` Family '' including their theology that `` Helter Skelter '' , the final war between the balcks and the whites , is the most outrageous in all of history , which made everything in connection to the murders just as strange .
 This is a great book so far . I am a little farther than halfway into it and it is great . Although the writing is a little choppy at times , it is definitely worth it .
 This book truly lives up to what Vincent Bugliosi says on the first page of his book `` Helter Skelter-The True Story Of The Manson Murders '' -- `` This story you are about to read will scare the hell out of you . '' This is not only the best true crime book ever written , but it is the ONLY true crime story ever written . Mr. Bugliosi is truly a judicial genius , and should be highly commended not only for putting Charles Manson , Susuan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , Leslie Van Houten , and Charles Watson behind bars forever so they can never harm another living soul again , but for writing this fantastic but bone-chilling book .
 WOW ! What a book ! Bugliosi takes the reader through each step of the story as it unravels , it is as if you are there ! Nobody has ever probed Manson 's mind the same way Bugliosi did . He sees Manson 's not as a nut , but as an intelligent human being who put on an act to try to have charges against him dismissed . What I find most disturbing about this book is the mind control Manson had over his family . These misfits of society were willing to do anything for Manson . It makes me think of today 's isolated teen who sits behind a computer in isolation . When will the next disaster strike ? You and I do not know , but this is an example of what happens when we do n't care for our children . I 'll get off of my soapbox and tell you this is an excellent book . If you are a real true crime fan , the only thing to ask is '' why have n't you read it ?? ''
 1969 . What a year . The last year of a decade that began so innocently and by the end , America had lost its innocence , this crime and the story by the District Attorney who prosecuted the guilty in this tale , definitely represents the innocense lost in America . Vincent Bugliosi did an outstanding job to present to the world the bizarre and terrifying account of Charles Manson and his followers AKA `` The Manson Family '' . In the late summer month of August of 1969 , some of the followers committed a gruesome crime spree of cold blooded murder . Bugliosi does a thorough job of going thru the background of the guilty and the victims and the events that led up to the horrifying nights of death . The trial afterwards is no less interesting . Remember all of this happened 30 years ago , yet the book is still as gripping now as it was when it first was published . Highly recommended to all who like to read True Crime .
 When i tell people that this is one of my favourite books , i often get weird looks , because they know that it is about the Charles Manson murders . This is the main focus throughout the book , but it is so much more as well . Helter Skelter is spellbinding , and keeps you entranced throughout the book , from the murders , to the ` motive ' to the courtroom scenes , as well as everything in between . It was recommended to me because i am a Beatles fan , and it is interesting to see how it was interpreted and twisted by Manson . With all the talk about violence in the media , violent toys , etc , causing these spectacular school schootings , it is interesting to see how the Beatles ' music could be interpreted as being one of the causes to these murders .
 This book is the definitive read on the Manson Killings.It traces the roots of the Manson Clan and its various members , and manages to show its machinations behind the murders.Bugliosi is prone to rambling , especially in some of his other works , but in this book he does not which is a real relief.This is the sort of book that you will find difficult to put down and despite the sheer amount of facts that are put across it reads smoothly and sensibly.It shows yet another instance of police buffoonery too - the police search for one of the murder weapons in the Tate Murders , finding out that they had it for months.Thankfully though justice was served eventually and the Trial segment of the book is fantastically well written with enough twists and turns to satisfy any Perry Mason fan.A must buy !
 This is an in your face account of the Manson family murders . Brought to you straight from the courtroom as Vince Bugliosi , the prosecuter who tried Manson and his `` family '' , tells you this horrific story piece by piece . Complete with a photo album of the killers and their victims . How did Charles Manson make these people kill for him ? What was the motive for all these murders ? The cold , but true answers are told in `` Helter Skelter ''
 This book is extremely well written and a wealth of information.But one must bare in mind that it is written by the prosecutor and Mr Bugliosi is constantly patting himself on the back and minimizing the efforts of all other investigators.One question I have is that when the murders first happened there was much speculation in the press about hoods placed on the victims.Mr Bugliosi credits this to the fact that Susan Atkins wrote on the front door with a towel then threw the towel into the room where it landed on one of the victims heads thus giving rise to the `` hood '' . However the crime scene photos -LRB- even the whited out one in the book -RRB- clearly show the rope tied about the victims head going OVER the towel meaning the towel was placed on his head first and then the rope was tied over that.Yet to this day Mr Bugliosi says it was merely thrown into the room ... Hmmmm
 A true account of the murders , the investigation and finally the longest , and most contriversal , trial in history . This book does not glorify the killers , it just tells it like it happened . How did Manson get these people to kill for him ? What was the motive for these brutal killings ? Vince Bugliosi , the star prosecutor on the Manson case , takes you step by step to the arrest and conviction of a mad man . Helter Skelter is a chilling true story that is well worth reading .
 I 've read this book and lent it many times and now it 's missing . Having it on my Kindle will allow me to have it forever !
 I have read thousands of books in my life and this one is among the top in terms of gripping and holding my attention . After I started reading it , no spare second was used for any purpose other than reading it . I read it sitting on the toilet , in the bathtub , while riding to work , surreptitiously while at work and for a couple nights fell asleep with it in my hands . It is the story of the Charles Manson `` family '' , who they killed , why they killed and how they lived . Written by the district attorney who compiled the case against Charles Manson and his bizarre group of followers , it describes in complete detail how Manson was such a controlling figure.After I completed the book , I could n't help but think that in another place , another time and with another set of circumstances , Charles Manson could have founded a powerful religious cult . His hold on his followers was incredible ; they truly believed that he had godlike powers . Fortunately or unfortunately , depending on how you look at it , his methods were too brutal and violent to survive long as his philosophy carried within it the seeds of its own destruction .
 I loved the book `` Helter Skelter . '' Vincent Bugliosi did an excellent job writing this book . It was great because Vincent Bugliosi knew it all . He was the prosecuting attorney , knew all the facts , and is on top of at all an excellent writer . Manson was a crazy cult leader who commanded his followers or `` family '' to kill for him . The amount of murders still to this day is unknown . The largest spree of murders happened in August of 1969 . Sharon Tate and four of her companions were savagely murdered for prize and pleasure . The following night a millionaire couple was again savagely murdered . The Helter Skelter was suppose to begin , but the hard work of detectives and the drive of a leaving family member led the murders to Charles Manson . This book is great for anyone intrested in the criminal mind , and reasons they did it .
 Highly recommended for anyone that wants to know the workings of a human mind . It covers the story very well , and tries to go ` deep ' into why Mason thought the way he did . Covers Mason 's history and the evidence that was uncovered by the author in his case against the man and his ` clan ' of ` ladies ' . Not for the quaint at heart though , because there are areas within the book that are very detailed , but if one can get past the details of the muders the book will be quite rewarding .
 A good book written by the prosecutor . But Bugliosi had a case to win . Get A CAPOTE READER and read the piece `` And It All Came Down '' to read a somewhat alternate version on why the murders happened .
 - From the day I read of the bloody murders at Sharon Tate 's residence , I wanted to understand what happened and WHY ? . -- Vincent Bugliosi , the prosecutor of Charles Manson and 3 of the girls that were his followers , in one of the most controversial trials in the U.S. shows why he must be such a good prosecutor . He guides us through the crime scenes , describes the police investigation , and finally his own investigation when Charles Manson , Tex Watson , Linda Kasabian , Patricia Krenwinkle , Susan Atkins , and Leslie Van Houten were arrested , and preparing for trial.Not only do we learn WHAT happened , but Bugliosi makes his famous search to uncover the complex motives that allowed this to happen
 I read this book when I was 8 years old and I just read it again from a more mature perspective . I enjoyed it but I highly doubt the complete accuracy of it . For one thing , the author seemed to play high and mighty quite a bit . While criticizing the work done by LASO , LAPD , and other attorneys at multiple points , he portrays himself as intimidating Manson -LRB- something that hardened criminals and correctional officers to this day ca n't do -RRB- and even putting a judge in his place -LRB- read the chapter about the Tex Watson trial -RRB- . Furthermore , he makes factually inaccurate statements such as `` psychologists are not doctors and can not make medical diagnoses . '' Although psychologists are not medical doctors , they are `` doctors '' and as far as `` medical diagnoses '' are concerned , he was referring to Schizophrenia in this case and psychologists are absolutely qualified to make such a diagnosis . While I fully believe that the crimes themselves were not sensationalized or minimized , I have no doubt that Vincent Bugliosi 's portrayal of himself was sensationalized and his portrayal of others minimized .
 On The Very First Page Of Vincent Bugliosi 's Novel `` Helter Skelter '' Is Simply Written `` The Story You Are About To Read Will Scare The Hell Out Of You . '' This Was No Idle Boast.No Other Novel Scared Me More , Except William Peter Blatty 's The Exorcist , A Horror Story Of Demonic Possession Sprinkled With Overt Satanism.But The Difference With Helter Skelter?THIS IS A TRUE STORY ! In The Late 60 's , Charles Milles Manson-An Aspiring Musician-Approached Doris Day 's Son , Record Producer Terry Melcher In The Hopes Melcher Would Buy The Rights To His Songs And Have Them Recorded.Melcher Refuses .7 People Will Die Because Of His Refusal.In The Interim , Manson Leads The Typical Hippie Life.With The Promise Of Sex And Drugs Manson Assembles The Infamous `` Family '' - An Assortment Of Like Minded Hippies Who Will Help Him Take His Revenge On Melcher.Little Does Charlie Realize Melcher Has Sold The House To Director Roman Polanski And The Actress Sharon Tate.He Sends `` Family Members '' To `` Creepy Crawl '' The House And Kill Everyone In It.The Shocking Aftermath Ended With More Murders And All Of Hollywood Living In Terror-From Peter Lawford To Candice Bergen To Dyan Cannon To Many Others,Including-Understandably-Doris Day As Well.No One Felt Safe.Until Vincent T. Bugliosi Was Assigned The Case That Would Bring The Whole Family Down.This Book Is His Account From Everything That Happened In Court , To Other Retaliation Murders , To A Who 's Who Of Manson Cult Members , And It Will Take You Into The Minds Of Manson And All His Cult.Manson Has Been In Jail Some Thirty Odd Years.He Has Been Interviewed By Diane Sawyer , Idolized , Crucified Figuratively Time And Time Again , Stabbed , Hung , And Had His Throat Slashed By Inmates-Manson Just Will Not Die , Literally Or Figuratively.Helter Skelter Unflinchingly Explains Why.A Shocker And Page Turner.A Stunning And Brutal , No Holds Barred Scorcher.Buy It !
 If what you want is an avalanche of factual detail about the Tate/LaBianca/Hinman murders , the investigation surrounding those murders , and the trials of Manson and some of his Family members , this is the book for you . It 's clear that Bugliosi is a gifted prosecutor with a keen eye for detail and organizational abilities worthy of an Army quartermaster on campaign . The guy did n't miss a trick , and his version of events is compelling.The book , however , would be more compelling by far if Bugliosi understood the meaning of the word `` humble . '' In every facet of the investigation , in every recorded moment of the trial , he is right , and anyone who did n't have his ability with details and organization is wrong . I suppose the problem with exceptionally gifted people is that they often have little patience for those who operate at lesser levels.Bugliosi 's descriptions of the trial and the Everest-like proportions of evidence that needed to be sifted through , make it clear that it all he could do -- with the help of LAPD , LASO , and other jurisdictions ' police departments -- to get his fact investigation taken care of . Certainly , had he not had different police detectives working for him , he never would have been able to present the case as he did . Yet he seems to think that the Manson Family defense attorneys should have been able to keep up with him and realize the significance of everything just as he did . He gives barely a nod to the fact that it was one 's first trial , another had never won a trial before , all of them were working hard in a situation where they were probably under threat of their lives , and * none * of them were getting paid much if anything for their work.Bugliosi had police protection , a guaranteed salary , and information that trickled in over a period of months , leaving him time to assess it for worth . The defense attorneys had clients whose friends just might do more than threaten them if things went bad , wre making little if any money while expending much of their own , and were given information in huge batches that likely overwhelmed them and likely dimmed the significance of any one particular thing . The prosecutor , regardless of discovery rules , has far more of an advantage over the defense than Bugliosi seems willing to admit.If you take the book at face value , you will probably come to the conclusion that everyone involved in the Manson prosecution and defense , except for Bugliosi , is either foolish , lazy , or stupid . However , if you read it with the intention of picking up the facts of the case and the details of the trial , you will come out of the experience with a great deal of knowledge and the opinion that Bugliosi , maybe , just ca n't help coming off sounding like a tool .
 I liked Helter Skelter , a very interesting book written byVincent Bugliosi . The book is about Charles Manson and the otherkillers and victims of the Tate-LaBianca murders . The bookHelter Skelter also talks a lot about what happened throughoutCharles Manson 's life . As I read , I wondered if the killingswere going to stop and if he was going to get caught . This bookcame with a 64 page photographic record of the victims , thekillers , and the evidence.This book is for anyone who wants to learn why or how CharlesManson became what he was . I would recommend this book to anyonewho likes reading mystery books and anyone who likes to learnabout the lives and minds of killers .
 Vincent Bugliosi and Curt Gentry paint a riveting portrait of the Manson murders and the Manson `` family '' . Being the lead and , later , sole prosecutorof the Manson gang for those vicious murders puts Bugliosi in the ideal position to tell the real story in all its gory detail , and he does it in such a spellbinding fashion . I could hardly put it down . If you truly want to know this horrible and tragic story inside out , this is the ONLY book to read .
 I have read a few books over the years about Charles Manson & his `` family '' , and none of them compare to this one . In fact , this book is what made me a fan of `` true crime '' books.Vincent Bugliosi did an excellent job in his telling of the crimes & the trial afterwards.This book is best described by one of the first pages in it ... `` The story you are about to read will scare the hell out of you . ''
 I was 14 when this horrific crime took place . I first read this book many years later , in 1985 . I 've reread it since , just this year . I think this is the best true crime masterpiece I 've ever read , and I 've read a lot of them . Anyone interested in true crime should read this . It puts you there . Manson is not human . READ THIS BOOK !!!
 The chilling story as told by detective Bugliosi will scare and shock you to your utmost . There is an eerie sense all about you that keeps you wondering how such diabolocal people could exist in this world . In all its gorey details and brutally honest depiction of the Manson `` Family '' Bugliosi does not shield the reader from the horrrid acts committed . He is forthright in his personal fellings toward the murders and his perception of the Manson `` Family '' including their theology that `` Helter Skelter '' , the final war between the balcks and the whites , is the most outrageous in all of history , which made everything in connection to the murders just as strange .
 Fantastic ! I have read this book twice . I love the way the author narrates the real life drama of these murders , murderers and inefficiency of the LAPD . It is probably one of the scarriest books I have read so far . The author does a great job of explaining the psychological influences of Charles Manson and the crazy/hipnotic behavior of the Manson Family . He also paints a very clear picture of the long and difficult trial and the obstacles that needed to be overcome to convict Manson and his followers . It 's a very interesting book from a psychological and legal stand point . I probably will read it again some time soon because the second time around helped me understand even more , the real-life occurences and legal complexities of this case .
 Wow ... This book is amazing . It 's an in-depth look into the Manson murders and Manson himself . Bugliosi is a competant writer , who writes clearly and descriptively . As the prosecutor of these cases , he needed to study up on Manson ; this is clearly shown . It also is a great example of the mistakes made by the LAPD.Anyone interested in true crime would be fascinated with this book . If you are weak of heart , however , take caution ; the first sentance written in this book is true
 In the begining of the book it reads `` This book will scare the hell out of you '' and was that ever an understatement . Charles Manson and his crew will always be the ultimate in evil . The only time you will put this book down is to sleep , that is , if you can .
 The first thing that needs to be said , is just how well written the book is overall by Mr. Bugliosi.This book is the # 1 True Crime best-seller of all time , and it deserves the title . I actually had nightmares after reading about the first section of the book , describing the discovery of the 2 crime scenes , and the unsettling panic that began to set in over Los Angeles in the following days.The trial portion of this book is written masterfully , and it keeps the reader very interested in what is happening.I highly recommend that everyone who can stomach the grotesque nature of what is contained in the book to read the book . It is a genuine masterpiece of literature , which has deserved all the praise it has got.The story is twice as scary because , it is 100 % true .
 This warning appears on the first page of `` Helter Skelter '' and I never realized how true the statement would become . This is a TRUE story , and the events , characters , and descriptions are so frighteningly real you wish it were a work of fiction . A superb account of the criminal justice system , of cults , of the sway that one man can have over an entire group of people , and of the darkest sides of humanity . `` Helter Skelter '' is an excellent read and an enthralling story .
 I have read this book cover to cover 4 times . It is the most chilling murders I personally think ever took place in this country . Everything from how , when , and why they did it will simply take your breath !!!
 Most of my complaints with this book center on the author . I 've read other things by Bugliosi and not been impressed , so it should n't really have surprised me . The book itself is good , and chock full of information . Bugliosi , on the other hand , leaves a lot to be desired.To start with , he 's a poor writer ; his writing is very choppy , and does n't read well . He also often makes grammar and spelling mistakes . He several times uses the word `` fixed '' when he should be using `` fix , '' for example . He also says `` pleaded '' when he should be saying `` pled . '' Yes , a minor detail , but it bothered me a little bit when I was reading it . I think a better editor would have helped the book a lot.In addition , Bugliosi is just plain obnoxious . For one , his self praise is really annoying and detracts from the message and the story he is trying to get across . It starts with his self praising bio toward the beginning of the book and continues throughout as he does everything possible to make everyone around him sound incompetent while making himself sound like God 's gift to criminal law . It really , really got old . He also seems to give in to exaggeration a lot , which is not a good sign in a non-fiction novel . In particular the relish he seems to have for throwing others under the bus really makes him hard to like by the end of the book . This makes him hard to like , and it 's always hard to read a first person book if you do n't like the narrator.Beyond that , he actually did several things that bothered me as attorney . For one , why is he collecting his own evidence and conducting searches himself ? Is he trained properly to do these things ? Beyond that it creates potential conflicts of interest - which he as much as admits to himself at one point when he says something about it making him both the prosecutor and a witness . Getting involved in evidence collection often gets lawyers into ethical quandaries and complicates things ; it 's inadvisable and inappropriate . With the background he has , he should have known better . It 's ironic that he spends so much time lambasting others for their inappropriate and unprofessional behavior when he 's doing similarly stupid inadvisable behavior himself.I also question his legal conclusions sometimes - a lot of it is probably just things that have changed in the last 30 or 40 years , like missing what would now be obvious hearsay exceptions . I assume the law has changed in this area , but I think he was engaging in some self aggrandizement at times , talking about the time he spent researching hearsay exceptions that anyone who has graduated from law school and passed the bar would know off the top of their heads . The glaring legal issue was the statement that cops could smoke pot under cover and it would n't be a crime . I have no idea what he is basing that on , but I have never heard anything to make me think that is true - and I doubt it 's changed much in the last 30 years . I am sure prosecutors look the other way , but that does n't make it legal.Bugliosi 's self congratulations continues throughout , trying to use regular things like legal research and restating questions etc. into brilliant feats of a brilliant lawyer , when in reality they are things that any lawyer can/should be doing during the course of a trial.I do appreciate that he makes an effort to explain some legal concepts , as the public often misunderstands what the law says and why things happen the way that they do . I do think his explanations were often lacking or incomplete , or he neglected to explain important things while explaining really minor details , but I did appreciate that he made the effort - and I am guessing lay readers probably got a lot more from the book because he took the time to do that.Last , when he is setting the Manson murders in context he tries to sound like an expert on serial murders when it seems he does n't really know what he is talking about . I am no expert , but I have a lay interest and some of what he says seems to contradict everything I 've ever read from other experts in the field . He says Gacy is the only one with more than thirty victims , but Bundy -LRB- who he also mentions -RRB- had at least 36 , probably more . He also implies that serial killers are usually stupid , which is incredibly inaccurate according to any material I have ever read.When it comes to the actual story and the detail he uses in covering the Manson case , this is really a great book and highly recommended . Bugliosi does do a good job of creating suspense and making you feel thoroughly creeped out , and he provides a wealth of information on the case and all the principles involved . Just be ready to deal with Bugliosi 's egotistical crap while you 're getting that information .
 I had to do a research paper based on an event that happened in the 1960 's . So I decided to do my research paper on Charles Manson . I remember going to the library , checking this book out and looking for some good info to put on my paper . And thanks to Vincent 's book , This helped me out a lot and I ended up with a B + on my paper.If you 're interested in learning more about Charles Manson and what happened in 1969 in the state of California , then I would really recommend this book to those who love learning about serial killers -LRB- like myself -RRB- and to those who love a true crime story that shocked the USA
 This book is very interesting . I did n't know the story before I read it . Now I am all about Charles Manson . I even looked up what Helter Skelter means . Very interesting . I actually have n't read the whole book yet because I never had the chance and people keep borrowing it from me . I will start over again in the near future .
 My husband has always wanted to add Helter Skelter into his book collection and today he opened it as a Christmas gift . It 's four hours later and he 's still reading it , pausing every now and again to tell me some other disturbing connection that was made between music and the murders . This was his perfect gift !
 Read this when I was a kid . It was the scariest thing going in the 70 's . Read it again in my teens and lost my old copy somewhere along the way . It 's a very rigid , factual account of the case , the people and the events . I like it and always have . But it always left me wanting to know more about the whole case and the people involved . Other books offer more info that may be true or false or the accounts of others involved . This subject has so many twists , turns and side stories happening . It 's just an incredible story . My picks in order on this subject are - 1 -RRB- The Family , 2 -RRB- Shadow Over Santasusana , 3 -RRB- Manson
 I 've always been fascinated by the Manson family story ... not in a sick and twisted way , but just the fact that one man had the power to control all of these people and could manipulate them to brutally murder completely innocent people for him for no reason . This book had so many details that I was n't even aware of , and it made me feel like I was with the investigators and lawyers all the way from the discovery of the bodies through the trials . I would recommend it for anyone that is interested in this story .
 Charles Manson had a crazy life . His childhood was shrouded in mystery , and by all accounts he seemed to have developed his unique social skills at an incredibly early age , while bouncing around from one foster home to the next.I recently finished listening to the audiobook , and must admit that this was one of the most enjoyable and entertaining audiobooks I 've ever listened to . The narrator was great , and the story kept me on edge from beginning to end.If you 're considering listening to the audio -LRB- or textual -RRB- version of the book -- I 'd say give it a go , you certainly wo n't be disappointed .
 Today was decidedly a kickback day so I randomly pulled this book out and decided to reread it . It has been at least 10 years since I first read it and I have to say that it is every bit as terrifying as I remembered it to be . Bugliosi and Gentry go the distance in detailing the actions of the Manson family prior to their murderous and seemingly senseless rampage as well as documenting their activities on Cielo when they killed Sharon Tate and her friends and then went on to kill the LoBiancos . The details get gory at times but are essential when telling this story . The subsequent trial and the antics of the family recount a time when everything was peace and love but the Family was the antithesis of the era and put distorted and crazy behavior on view . During the period of the trial , the activities of the Mansons were covered extensively.Once front page news , today the Mansons and their leader Charley are merely footnotes to the period . They come up for parole periodically and I am sure that many people who were n't alive or were n't old enough to experience it wonder what all the fuss is about . This book is so well written and detailed that it resurrects their crimes and offers explanation why some extremely dangerous people need to stay in prison . As I read it I felt sickened and then anxious . This is one of the most frightening books I 've ever read despite the fact that a certain amount of the book deals with legal procedures and prosecutorial strategies.It brings the past and present together and reintroduces Charles Manson and his groupies in startling detail .
 Vincent does it again with another amazing book . I always enjoy his books that go buy the dates everything occurred and you get a feel of how everything went down . I could n't put this book down , at times i was disgusted by what the Manson Family did , but it is a part of American history and hopefully we can learn and become better people from this . It also gives a insight to the mind of Charles Manson a bit . Some of the things he said did make sense , but he was a crazy !!!!!! I kinda wonder if he was able to put his intellect toward something positive what could he have accomplished . Well if you are interested at all in the Manson murders you cant go wrong with this book . Enjoy ... . LOOK OUT FOR HELTER SKELTER !!!!!!
 I read this book in the late 70 's - early 80 's and am very fimiliar with the Masnon case . Decided after all this time it deserved another read by me . It was just as good the second time around.It amazes me that out of what was supposed to be a time of love & peace that cold blooded murder such as this could erupt . That minds of -LRB- almost -RRB- children could be altered by one man . Manson knew what personality traits to look for in the people he chose to join the ` Family ' . Thanks goodness that at least one had the courage to ensure that he and his followers may never walk the streets again .
 as a young child growing up in the 70s one of my memories of it is the helter skelter paperback my mother use to read over and over and i always wondered what in the world this book was about , i use to look at the pictures and they never failed to scare me , a man with long scraggly hair and piercing eyes , guns , dead people etc , as i grew up and was exposed to the manson case and put two and two together i made miself a promise i was gon na read this book at some point in my life , i finally got around to it and realized why my mom liked it so much , bugliosi doesnt fail to deliver and the book is written in plain language , no fanciness here , no shakespeare stuff , straight english and to the point , if you ever find yourself feeling pitty for tex or charlie or pat etc just read this book and you will be assured why these people are still where they have been for the last 41 years , buy this book , you will really like it , unlike the paperback of my youth i had to get the hardback edition , dont like paperbacks , a little more pricey for me but looks a lot better on my bookcase , hope this review helps .
 Definitely one of the best true crime books I 've ever read . Certainly compelling and page turning . Its a chilling portrait of murder , obsession , violence , and the myth that is Charles Manson . There were times I just could n't put the book down . Even though it 's over 600 pages long I zoomed though it . A must read for any fan of true crimes books .
 Helter Skelter starts out with a page that simply says `` The story you are about to read will scare the hell out of you . '' That is an extremely accurate statement . No if 's , and 's or but 's about it . This book is terrifying!While I was born a couple of decades after Manson and his `` Family '' committed these murders , I still had a general idea of what exactly took place at the crime scenes and the havoc that Manson and co. wreaked -LRB- plus my interest in criminology had me seeking out tons of cases that were featured on the TruTV website a few years ago and this one was the most prominently displayed -RRB- . While Manson and/or his followers are very rarely in the news nowadays -LRB- unless one of them is up for parole -RRB- , the crimes committed were so horrific that they are still brought up today -LRB- mainly in procedural shows i.e. Criminal Minds , Law & Order , etc. -RRB- . Reading Helter Skelter , there was one thing that was stuck in my mind and that was the ages of most of Manson 's followers . We 're talking about young people from ages 16 to about 28 . Now I 'm 21 and I ca n't even fathom how a human being can commit an atrocious crime like this . Let alone when they are so young and have their whole lives ahead of them , yet let themselves be brainwashed by Charles Manson and his skewed perception of love . It 's truly a shame and if not for them , then certainly for all the victims and their families.Helter Skelter is definitely not a book for the faint of heart . It 's gruesome , terrible , and unflinching . It does n't shy away from the brutality that the victims suffered at the hands of their murderers . And like the first page said , this book will scare the hell out of you . I was extremely paranoid while reading this , always double and sometimes triple checking my locks . It just shows how human beings have the potential to be incredibly evil.However , Helter Skelter is an extremely compelling read . While it did n't exactly fly by for me -LRB- but that 's mostly because I had to keep putting it down to avoid jumping out of my skin too much everytime someone knocked on my door past 5:00 PM -RRB- , it kept me enthralled when I was reading it . While I did n't exactly enjoy it , I did find it to be a well-written read that was incredibly gripping . And while I have n't read much true crime , I can tell that Helter Skelter is true crime at its best .
 Though those involved in the slaughter at the Tate & LaBianca homes are now behind bars -LRB- thank you , God -RRB- , at one point the entire city of Los Angeles was in terror until the author gathered all the evidence and wrapped it up , probably saving many more senseless deaths.Some claim Helter Skelter was not the motive which the author claims , but that is irrelevant . The author explains , `` all murders have a motive '' and when he saw `` Healter Skelter '' written in blood at the LaBiancas , he settled on that for the trial . In time it is obvious that Manson was having some sort of mental breakdown as his senseless world was collapsing around him.Feeling powerless for no one wanting to record his mediocre music , he lashed out by having his brainwashed , blindly devoted followers murder for him . Sort of like a childish temper tantrum gone wild . He was also terrified of revenge by the Black Panthers for shooting a black drug dealer who was angry because Manson ripped him off -LRB- like he ripped off anybody who trusted him -RRB- . I remember this misreable story back in 69-70 ... the women who acted like fools defending Manson in the court room & out on the street . Manson could n't have cared less about them and they had no effect whatsoever on public opinion in favor of Manson . Anyone who defends Manson to this day should be in serious therapy . Maybe he provided some drug induced orgies where you got the clap , but in the long run what do you have ? Nothing . Great Book !
 Well written , great TRUE story , fascinatingly frightening . This book will chill you to the bone . It scared me worse than any other book I 've ever read . It makes Blatty 's `` The Exorcist '' seem like a Disney Book . Trust me , I do not mean to discredit Blatty because I loved his book , but `` Helter Skelter '' scared me to the very core .
 I 've enjoyed reading just about anything written by Vincent Bugliosi , and `` Helter Skelter '' is certainly no exception . Within these pages , Mr. Bugliosi paints an excruciatingly-detailed account of this unique and compelling murder case . You 're able to almost get inside Vince 's head and see up close how he successfully prosecuted this famous Hollywood case.Hollywood seemed to be a fitting backdrop for the Manson trial too , because the whole case sounds like something directly from a screenwriter 's notebook instead of a real-life tragedy . I guess that 's what made the case and the trial so compelling -- it sounds too freaky to be real . I mean , lyrics from a `` Beatles '' record album becoming a major focus at the trial ?? And the tremendous overkill tactics employed by the killers , as they obey their `` master '' with zombie-like precision . Just simply unbelievable ! And yet it happened just the same . `` Helter Skelter
 Helter Skelter was the absolute best true crime book I have ever read . From the very beginning , the book captures you into the lives of the murderers , victims , and prosecutors . It does a remarkable job at building the story line so that you are not overwhelmed with information , but are still well informed with details and specifics . I also loved that the book went into the past of Charles Manson and the `` family '' . Over all this was an EXCELLENT book , and it was very hard to put down !!
 This book intrigued me from the first moment I started reading . I had never heard of Charles Manson or his murders before reading this book and immediately fell in love with the whole story behind it . Vincent Bugliosi presents the book honestly with clear facts . He does n't shy away from uncomfortable topics and gives us the truth . I 've read this book twice and would read it again anytime . I think this book would be of interest to anyone no matter what their usual , preferred reading is .
 I was only a toddler when this happened but now have read and re-read this book a few times and always find it VERY interesting and hard to put down . How they put all this together I find , just fascinating . Although they had a few `` squealers '' that gave them some breaks but they also had to work very hard to convince a jury of their guilt.I have watched interviews on TV of Leslie VanHouten and Patricia Krenwinkel and even though they seem re-habilitated as long as there are Tate family members alive , I do n't think they will ever be let out . And then there 's Charlie , what a nutcase !! How one man , -LRB- with the help of drugs -RRB- could have brain-washed so many people to do whatever he said is mind-boggling . You wo n't be sorry you read this book , even though at times it will scare you half to death . It is very well written and extremely interesting .
 Little wonder that `` Helter Skelter '' is the top-selling true-crime book in publishing history . Here , more than 30 years after the decade of free love was essentially drowned in a literal pool of blood , the sense of horror then is resurrected in stark reality . The author , who also prosecuted the case , gives us not only a graphic description of the overkill of the Manson Family 's victims but also lays out the legal complexities that threatened a successful prosecution . Of the former , the sheer brutality of Manson 's henchmen , namely `` Tex '' Watson and Susan Atkins , is simply numbing while , of the latter , the legal issues educate us that the case then was n't as open-and-shut that we perhaps have come to assume . The reason for the slaughter of the Tate-LaBianca victims is detailed , but whether evil or insanity fueled that reason is best left to the reader . Whichever , Charles Manson , or as he empowered himself as `` Man 's Son '' to his susceptible clan , emerges not only as a vicious murdered but a master manipulator of other people 's human failings . That there will always likely be those who pervert those failings to their own ends makes this book an important study in both human behavior and legal scholarship . Beyond that , the unmitigated brutality , i.e. overkill , of Manson 's victims is paralyzing .
 I LOVE true crime novels , and TV , and movies.The high point for novels , artistically , is probably , `` In Cold Blood '' by Truman Capote . `` Helter Skelter '' is not the same type of novel artistically , but the facts and the trial are hair-raising and jaw-dropping in a way that `` In Cold Blood '' is not . `` Helter Skelter '' blows back your hair and drops your jaw . The defendant attacked the Judge
 All of the good things said about `` Helter Skelter '' is true of the Kindle edition . What 's more the Kindle edition has hyperlinked footnotes that actually work and take you instantly to Bugliosi 's notes . But the trade-off is that with the Kindle edition THERE ARE NO PICTURES because of licensing issues . The print edition has lots of pictures , but many of the crime-scene photo 's are censored .
 I have always been a true crime novel fan . I have devoured Ann Rule and Joe McGinniss . I am not alone . Over the holidays I had a conversation with another fellow true crime fan . She asked if I had ever read Vincent Bugliosi 's novel , Helter Skelter , the true story of the Manson Family murders . I had n't . Truth is , I had kind of been afraid to read it . When the murders took place I was only a toddler . I do however , remember the TV mini-series `` Helter Skelter '' , based on the book and feeling , well , freaked out . I 've had the book Helter Skelter on the back-burner of my brain for years to read . Well , I finally took the plunge.The book Helter Skelter embodies my two favorite reasons for reading true crime . Number one , I love to learn the psychology of the murders - why the murderers may have done what they did . Number two , I love to read how the prosecutors and detectives used their knowledge , experience , and hard work to solve the crimes and prosecute the criminals . For those unfamiliar to the case , and really , how could you be , The Manson Family headed by Charles Manson , went on a killing rampage in Los Angeles in August 1969 brutally murdering seven people . Vincent Bugliosi , the author of the book , was the prosecutor at the trial and investigator on the case . It was the most horrifying murder spree in US history and the longest , most grueling trial the country had seen to date . Some say the murders put an abrupt end to the 60 's spirit of free love and ushered in a new more sated era.The book itself is a great read . It is well-written and tells the story of what occurred , how the case was solved , and how the case was successfully prosecuted . In addition , the writer provides the back story as well as reporting on the pulse of the country as the trial proceeded . It is a real glimpse in to the history of the country . I learned that my original perceptions of the case were not accurate . The book accomplishes the herculean task of sorting through hundreds of witnesses , several police department 's participation , and reams of testimony while at the same time managing to keep readers interested and informed as the investigation and case unfolds in chronological order.I am particularly fond of the author , Bugliosi . He sounds like a brilliant guy who worked his tail off . His constant reference to the hours of preparation on both the investigation and each stage of the trial is inspiring . He mentions more than once the `` 100 pages of notes on yellow pads '' reminding me in the words of James Michener , `` It is not just talent alone , but disciplined talent that makes for success . '' Taking the time to be prepared is half the battle , is n't it?Although Helter Skelter was first written in 1974 , more than 35 years ago , it is still very relevant . Why ? As Vincent Bugliosi himself says in the book and I am paraphrasing here , '' The reasons behind the murders are so important to uncover because we do not want such a thing to happen again . '' That 's true of all history , is n't it ? Check out the book if you have the chance . It will teach you something , I promise you .
 This book is absolutely riveting ! It seems that only a couple of books a year can hold my attention like this one - which is a shame . I always have a sense of loss after reading a great book . The whole Manson paradigm is so bizarre and twisted that it just blows your mind . I read this book over a long rainy weekend and could not put it down . If you like fascinating stories where reality is stranger than fiction , this is THE book you should read . Top notch !
 I suggested to my 14-year old son , who wanted to read a non-fiction crime/courtroom book that he try `` Helter Skelter '' by Vincent Bugliosi . He not only read the entire 400 page book , he was mesmerized and wrote the following review for his fellow teenagers : From Douglas : `` Helter Skelter '' by Vincent Bugliosi is about a madman , a cult , gruesome murders , and a spellbinding criminal trial . I highly recommend this book to those who are interested in true crime or suspence thrillers . This book is about a man named Charles Manson and a string of muders he and people he called his `` family '' committed . I am recommending this book to all teenagers who have never herd the name , Manson . I am also recommending this book for adults , for it is a hair-raising and gruesome experience that will leave you begging for more.The book is written by Vincent Bugliosi , who was the Los Angeles County District Attorney , who prosecuted Charles Manson and his followers . He documents , in the book , how he became totally consumed by this extraordinary case . He writes about how Manson actually `` played mind games '' with him during the trial . Although these murders took place almost forty years ago , I believe that it is important for us to know about this case because Manson and his followers are still in prison and still come up for parole . It is also important for us to see how one man managed to control the minds and actions of so many , so that maybe we can prevent it from happening again.This bokk is written in a very readable style ; you wo n't be able to put it down . I highly recommend it to all teenagers , who enjoy crime stories - fiction or non-fiction . It 's hard to believe it really happened !
 Vincent Bugliosi , who prosecuted Charles Manson along with Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , Leslie Van Houton , and Charles `` Tex '' Watson , gives us an insider 's look into the Tate-LaBianca murders of 1969 . Described by Manson himself as a `` judicial genius '' , Bugliosi personally -LRB- and tirelessly -RRB- gathered most of the evidence himself . He takes us through the murders , the manhunt , the capture , his struggle to build his case , and finally the trial . A very frightening read , when one considers the savagery of the murders along with Manson 's dangerous -LRB- and powerful -RRB- personality . Also sad , not just because how you come to feel for the victims , but also because the flowerful 1960 's ended this way . Sixty-four pages of photos and a 1994 update , which clears up some unanswered questions as well as detailing the post conviction lives of the killers , all of whom are still incarcerated save for Steve Grogan , who was convicted of a different murder . A must for any true crime buff , and you probably wo n't make it past the first chapter without checking to see if your doors are locked .
 Helter Skelter goes into great detail of how graphic and horrific the Tate/LaBianca murders were . Bugliosi does an excellent job describing the crime scene and recalling how the murders occured . The Trial portion of the book is incredible . Bugliosi does a superb job on piecing together an airtight case for the prosecution . Bugliosi made a great sacrifice of his personal life while putting in time working on this case . Helter Skelter really helps explain how Manson created his `` Family '' and how he brainwashed his followers into believing his deranged philosophies . The only thing more riviting than this book is idea that their are still people who believe in Manson 's teachings .
 I recently saw members of the Manson `` family '' interviewed on television , and I have no doubt that the remorse displayed by Leslie Van Houten and Patricia Krenwinkel is real , and that they now see the reality of what Manson was and still is , but I also have no doubt that they owe society a great debt , and must stay in prison for the rest of their lives.But Manson ? Manson is a different story . I do n't get scared easily , but because he remains so paranoid and because of his virulent psychopathology , he is a truly frightening individual , and `` Helter Skelter '' is the best assessment of his life , psyche , and crimes ever written . `` Helter Skelter '' is a blow by blow account of the gruesome Tate/LaBianca murders written by the man who , as the prosecuting district attorney , had the disturbing job of being forced to immerse himself in this grisly case for over two years in order to convict the killers . As a result , no one knew , and indeed still knows , the intimate details of this story better than Vincent Bugliosi , and that is why there was no one better qualified to write this book . It is a compelling story which is almost too horrific to be true , but the blood , gore , and savagely mutilated corpses testify to the harrowing sadness of the reality that these crimes really did occur . Indeed , no horror movie could be as frightening , as gory , or as disturbing as the Manson murders , and this book paints a compelling and graphic portrait as to why the perpetrators of these crimes should never be paroled from prison .
 I have a love/hate relationship with this novel
 This book was a fast and intense page turner . It was scary and interesting since watching and reading the case in the news . The book was well written by the prosecutor . I recommend this as a read because it was one of the crimes of the century .
 Having lived in the L.A. area when this happened , I remember it well . This is by far the best book on the subject .
 As they say this is the best book on the subject . The writing and layout flow smooth and easy.In the first group of photos there is a mugshot of Manson 6-29-66 , Terminal Island . He looks , I kid you not , dead on Charlie Sheen ! They should get Sheen instead of baby face Ryan Kwanten to play Manson in this new movie . Ryan Kwanten does n't look anything at all like Charles Manson.QuestionsWhy is n't the unborn child of Sharon Tate listed as a victim ? She was 8 months pregnant!Why is it that when the death penalty was abolished in '72 it was made retroactive -LRB- everyone on death row got off with life instead of death -RRB- , yet when re-enacted in '77 it was n't retroactive?Seems to me that if you were convicted/sentenced while the death penalty was the law you should be kept to the contract of the law at that time . Especially in the cases of the Manson family . Letting that baby die in Sharon Tate 's womb ... If Manson and his `` family '' were so PRO-children as Bugliosi says they were , how could they have left that child to die ? You think they would have taken it to raise as their own . Taken it as a souvenir.Where were all the righteous vigilantes and our tough-on-crime justice system when you needed them ? `` Family '' members continued to kill and commit violent crimes many years afterwards and were alway given light , IF ANY , sentences . Why?One Los Angeles district attorney a William Melcher and his wife were so sympathetic that he cleared `` Squeeky '' of an armed robbery charge saying that doing so was `` my greatest satisfaction in three years as a prosecutor . '' Unbelievable ! Shocking!I 'm surprised Polansky did nothing except put up a $ 25000 reward.Charles said : `` I 've had girls come to visit me with their babies in their arms and say , ` Charlie , I 'd do anything in the world for you . I 'm raising my baby in your image . ' Those letters and visits used to delight me , but that 's just my individual sickness . What sickness is it that keeps sending me kids and followers ? It 's your world out there that does it . I do n't solicit my mail or ask anyone to come and visit me . Yet the mail continues to arrive and your pretty little flowers of innocence keep showing up at the gate . '' WOW ! One of his lucid moments .
 I ca n't really add anything more to some of the other five star reviews here on Amazon for Mr. Bugliosi 's incredible work . Do n't buy these right wing racist revisionists who want to paint Charles Manson as a `` wrongly accused eco-terrorist '' . Manson and and his family did nothing discernible for the planet -LRB- apart from make it an uglier and more morally decrepit place -RRB- when he was on the outside his priorities where militia style white nationalism and serious crime . Most of Helter Skelter is trial testimony and actual confessions and recorded conversations with witnesses , victim 's families and Manson family members so any question of `` veracity '' is easily squelched . This was a nasty , very racist and very hateful group of people who finally found a purpose together which was to parlay the hippie counter culture into an excuse to kill randomly . It did not mater that apart from Abagail Folger , a committed civil rights and anti-poverty worker who had an inheritance , most of those at the Tate house were not very wealthy or even rich , its just that they were there to be slaughtered . They became Manson 's reflection of his unparalleled hatred for society . The most intense part of the book is definitely the last few chapters which tell of the many unsolved murders which are clearly the work of The Manson family , left to kill after the first group of butchers were incarcerated and where all the killers and family members are today . Its frightening to think of how easily these people killed-like barbarians . The last remnants now preach Manson 's ATWA -LRB- Air Trees Animals Air -RRB- philosophy of saving the planet and he has countless fans and friends globally who support and indulge , his lively crazed personality as he continues his incarceration . Many of whom are just interested in the case and think he should get a retrial as they feel he had zero to do with the murders.Many simply admire him . Bugliosi explains why he is still a charismatic showman to so many and why many bigwigs in the media to this day seek him out-perhaps the most frightening part of the book is that fact in and of itself . I even begrudgingly admit that Manson is entertaining . This book is not to be read late at night !
 Helter Skelter is an excellent read regardless of your background , or knowledge of the Manson case . Whether you enjoy true crime or not , you will enjoy this book . Very well written , very informative , and highly recommended !
 A close friend of mine was reading Helter Skelter about a year and a half ago , and up until then I honestly had never even HEARD of Charles Manson . One night , my friend read to me a couple pages of while Manson and Bugliosi were in court , and he read to me some things that manson had said . It was all really intriguing so a few months back I happened to see Helter Skelter in chapters , and on a whim I picked it up . I could NOT put it down . I have never read a true crime book , or anything even close to a book like that ... and it was amazing . Amazing in a very scary , messed up way . I recommend this to anyone who is a little intrigued as to who Charles Manson was and what views he had . It was a really good book .
 Excellent Book ! I literally had to tear myself away from this book at the end of each day.A terrifying , frightening look into the `` Manson Family '' and the murders that they committed . Truly a wonderful work of art.Too often true crime books focus soley on the killer and spend little or no time talking about the victims . I believe that Bugliosi and Gentry did n't forget the victims in this story , and portrayed them as they really were . The good and the bad.Definitely worth it to pick up this book !
 This is a fascinating account of the Manson case from the eyes of prosecution attorney Vincent Bugliosi . Well paced , haunting , somewhat grissly , but suprisingly quite funny in places - -LRB- the defense attorney made over two hunderd objections on the first three days of the trial ! -RRB- . A real pager turner probably best read in the daytime so it wo n't give you nightmares . One quible though I feel the author has grossly misinterpreted the philiosophy of Friedrich Nietzche by affilating his philiosophy with the spread of Nazism . Yes Hitler -LRB- who shared with Manson many characteristic 's ; they were both loved animals more than humans , each a vegetarian , and had spent time as an `` outsider '' living on the fringes of society -RRB- had read his work . Yet those documents he read were greatly adulterated under the cursed hand of the authors sister , who , after the philosophers death re wrote his manuscripts to fit Nazi ideals in the hope of courting parties leader ...
 As a fan of the true crime genre , I would rate this in the top 5 easily . Bugliosi is not just a good lawyer , he 's an excellent writer . To this day , if I see an article he 's written on current topics , for example O.J. , George W. Bush 's election , I go out of my way to read it . They always rock . Even if you do n't agree with him , he makes his points clearly , and with depth . Helter Skelter is the last word on Manson . Bugliosi is a very on the ball observer . He has a good feel for the underworld Manson lived in , and the California of the time . This book has n't dated a bit .
 THIS AN AMAZING BOOK , I WAS VERY SPELLBOUND WHEN I READ THIS . ICANT BELIVE HOW ONE PERSON COULD BE SO SICK IN THE HEAD AND ALL THEKIDS HE HAS HAD IT IS GROSS . I HAVE DONE SO MUCH RESURCH ON MANSON FOR A CLASS PROJECT THAT I KNOW MORE ABOUT HIMSELF THAN HE DOES . THIS IS A WONDERFUL BOOK IT WILL LEAVE YOU AMAZED . END
 i read this book a little over a year ago when i was 14 , this book was so good and it was told like a story not just from some 3rd person view , i felt like i was in the books world it was that good , this book kept getting more and more intriging as i turned the pages i think if i remeber correctly i finshed the book in 4 days , cause it was so damn good ... i hella recomend this book to everyone , pretty scary too and i liked the pictures
 Many years ago , this was a popular , horrible event . Just wanted to read it again as an older person so see if my images had changed of the book .
 while this book is factually interesting , it is sometimes a little boring . The author drones on a little too much at times and I found myself skipping passages and sometimes whole pages just to make progress through the book . On the whole a good read which reflects how things were at the time of the Manson Murders but ultimately a little unsatisfactory , somehow .
 marilyn manson wrote this book beautifully ! it weems like it is told from someone other than manson 's point of view . it was wierd , but i highly recommend it .
 My favorite book of all time . This one has it all , from the Beatles , to the the most beutifull women of all time , Sharon Tate . Vincent Bugliosi gives you a inside look into the murder of Sharon , her unborn baby , and all of the unlucky house guest that terrible August night.This could have been the murder of Candace Bergman and her boyfriend , Doris Days son , Terry , but they moved out months before . We also get to read about the Beatles music from the `` White Album . '' Charles Manson thought they were telling him to get ready for the African American 's taking over The country . The songs , `` Helter Skelter , Sadie , BlackBird , '' and alot of the other Beatles records are mention.The Beatles were even questioned about there music . Even Dennis Wilson of the Beach Boys has his house taken over by the Manson Gang . The person I fill sorry for the most was the young man who happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time , Steven.Nothing has ever been written about him , or his family . One of the greatest women , Sharon Tates Mom , Delores Tate , has fought for years untill her death to make sure none of these murders ever get out of prison . Sharon Tates Sister has taken over her quest.This is a long book , but even if you hate to read , you ca n't put this one down .
 This book is known world around.That info should be inaf for you to buy it.Manson family would not be fameus as it is if it was not for this book.It tells you everything that hapend from the kilings to the trail.It 's 700 pages long and you kind of wish it was longer.Thats how good this book is
 ` Helter Skelter
 Helter Skelter is a Beatles song . The Beatles are very powerful lyrically and musically , therefore starting these horrific crimes . The Beatles are powerful
 A very detailed and well-written book . One ca n't help getting edgy and scared after reading it . How could such things take place in free , democratic U.S.A. ? I am inclied to see that the U.S. had very serious social problems in the 1960 's especially with young people . Of course the birth control pill , the Negro revolution and the war in Vietnam all played significant roles . It is time to see if such social problems still exist . If so , more shocking and grisly things are still to come .
 Vincent Bugliosi makes no apology for wanting the Manson women to remain in prison for the rest of their lives . But I have seen that these women who were young once , made the mistake of following a madman.While they will probably remain in prison in California , they have done everything to reform their lives and have cut themselves from Charlie Manson 's ways . The man , Charlie Manson , is an animal and there is no doubt about that . He does n't know anything other than to live in a prison.It 's sad but I feel that his women suffered along with the murdered victims and I know that people are going to criticize me for it and even hate me for siding with the Manson women . Luckily , they are still alive rather than executed like originally.Manson stole their minds and ruined their lives . I know 36 years is a long time in prison but I see that they have changed behind prison walls and have become role models for younger prisoners . There is no excuse for their crimes , they admit it , confess to it , and apologize for their crime.But you wonder why other criminals get less for the same crimes . I am sure that forgiveness , compassion and understanding is possible but I worry about if they are released and the vigilante justice .
 Covers the story of Charles Manson , including the trial , in a magnificent way . Bugliosi held my interest and the actions of humans on humans is unbelievable .
 Read the book many years ago , but wanted to read a crime story that was n't bogged down with DNA evidence - just a reminder of how things ` used ' to be . The book is very detailed on the people involved , the evidence , the trials and the aftermath . If you are n't familiar with the people in this case , you wo n't find the pictures that were in the hardback/softback version of the book . -LRB- Have found this missing in another crime novel as well . -RRB- I like putting faces to names , and , even though this was a rather famous case , memories fade and people get older - in this case - a lot older.The former librarian in our city had a brother who was a guard at one of the prisons Charles Manson was in . He told her that all criminals have their good side and bad side - like everyone else . Every criminal , that is , but Charles Manson . He said that evil oozed from his very pores.If you 're looking for something light and airy , or something with a wonderfully happy ending , this is not the book you want to read . However , if you want an indepth true story crime story , this is worth your time and money .
 This account is not quite as engrossing as some of Bugliosi 's other books , such as `` And the Sea Will Tell . '' It still rates five stars , but it takes a little more effort to get through , in part because there are so many names a reader has to keep straight . There were so many victims , perpetrators , witnesses , and investigators . Bugliosi does provide a Name Key at the front of the book , giving thumbnail sketches of the `` cast of characters . '' It 's helpful to refer to this Key often.The other reason this book is n't quite as informative as Bugliosi 's other true crime accounts is that he does n't provide as many legal insights as he did in his other works . There is a lot of insider information about the legal maneuvering involved in bringing Manson and three female co-defendents to trial . But Bugliosi does n't delve sufficiently into such points as why Manson was deemed to be the most guilty of all the perpetrators , even though Manson himself did n't personally commit any of the Tate/LaBianca murders.It 's not that Manson should n't have been held ultimately responsible . But I 'd like to have read more about the legal theory backing such an assignment of guilt . Bugliosi does devote a few paragraphs to the topic , mentioning the care he took as prosecutor to emphasize the rules of conspiracy to the jurors . He did n't want any juror holding out to exonerate Manson just because Manson did n't physically stab or shoot any of the victims . However , I 'd like to have read an in-depth discussion of this point because it touches on so much of the high crimes that have characterized the last 100 hundred years - from the crimes adjudicated at the Nuremberg Trials to several of the more sensational matricides and patricides committed by teens recently . In several of the latter cases , the juvenile partner who did the actual killing was deemed to be much more responsible than the instigating youngster who merely provided access to the house and who stood by while the slaughter occurred . In view of the conspiracy rules applied in the Manson case , why would this be so?This book nonetheless provides a valuable demonstration of the often tragic consequences of carelessness . The blurb on the back cover cites the `` meticulous detective work '' involved . This would lead you to believe that members of the various police departments really exerted themselves gathering evidence . However , that 's not true . The detective work referred to is probably that done by Bugliosi himself and his staff . Bugliosi stepped outside his role as prosecutor to become chief homicide investigator as well - a real Perry Mason generalist . He showed exemplary determination in his efforts to leave no stone unturned - literally - in order to locate evidence and testimony.Meanwhile , many members of the different police and sheriffs ' offices were notable for their failure to follow through with leads , and for their failure to communicate with each other . Inter-departmental competition and just plain indifference was often to blame . It becomes apparent that if various individuals , from Manson 's parole officers , to a whole hierarchy of officers and investigators had earnestly and intelligently done their jobs , at least some of the murders could have been averted.So this book provides a lesson in how things in law enforcement could be improved , but probably have n't been since this book was first published in 1974 . Bugliosi goes beyond exploring `` just the facts , ma'am . '' He devotes pages to an explanation of Manson 's motivating philosophy , a roiling stew of such disparate ingredients as songs from The Beatles ' `` White Album '' and quotes from the Book of Revelation . Bugliosi further spends the better part of a chapter examining how Manson could have gained such a devoted following . He covers some of the elements that make any successful cult leader , but then is left with some X-factor that he believed Manson must have possessed in order to have had such influence . Sometimes the reader might feel that Bugliosi goes too far in admiration of Manson , characterizing him as having such qualities as `` Intelligence ... searing insights ... mental deftness . `` There are also several extensive sections of photographs -LRB- albeit rather grainy ones -RRB- reproduced here . Some have key elements whitened out to avoid personalizing the gore too much.Finally , there 's an `` Afterward '' in this edition that updates -LRB- as of 1994 -RRB- readers on the lives of both the guilty and the innocent involved in this shocking saga .
 I 've read this book twice , once in the late 1970 's , and again recently after having gotten interested in this disturbing incident once again . Without question it is the best insight into the mind of Charles Manson , his followers and their ideology , as would be expected from the man -LRB- Vincent Bugliosi -RRB- who is largely responsible for putting them behind bars.Scanning some of the 1-star reviews , I 'm reminded why 1-star reviews can not always be relied on for accurate review , with some making ludicrous assertions about the case including the accusation that Bugliosi `` made up '' the Helter Skelter motive and making his interviews with Manson Family members reflect the results he was looking for.One read through this book puts that nonsense to rest . Bugliosi is not only a talented writer but his brilliance as a prosecutor may be unrivaled by any of his contemporaries . Throughout the trial he demonstrated over and again his ability to adapt to the efforts of this murderous cult to lie and deceit their way out of being held accountable , anticipating arguments of the defense attorneys and devoting no small part of his life to seeing these cut throat killers were put away for good.Through the writing you get a complete impression of the madness that is Charles Manson , and understand more fully how he was able to manipulate and control the disgruntled youth he reprogrammed to do his bidding . Manson was the product of an era in American history that was unique ; a tipping point between a relatively polite and orderly society to one more dominated by political chaos that evolved as a result of youthful rebellion , drugs , and competing political interests that were unique to the era of the late 60 's . If you have ever held a passing interest in the morbidity of the Manson murders and have not read this book yet , be forewarned ... it is not only chilling and disturbing in its comprehensive outline of this killer cult , but you will find it extremely difficult to put down until you have read through to the end .
 Helter Skelter may not have been the first True Crime book , but it defined the modern definition of what the genre should be . Anyone who likes True Crime owes a debt of gratitude to Vincent Bugliosi for establishing such a strong precedent . A detailed and enthralling account of the Tate-Labianca murders , the investigation and the trial . Bugliosi was there and makes the reader feel like they were . Do n't let the amount of pages scare you , there is never a dull moment . A classic , cover to cover .
 one of the best true crime books i have ever read . wow . this is just spectacular . very detailed , very interesting yet also a bit scary . it is incredibly well written , makes you feel like you 're a part of the investigation . could n't put it down .
 I did n't buy this for myself but as a gift for my girlfriend that showed interest in it . She enjoys reading it that 's for sure : -RRB-
 well written and informative . I finished the whole 689 page book in one week and three days . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!
 I have a morbid curiosity with death , especially violent death , so I try to read as many books about murder and such very often . This book is the BEST I have ever read in the true crime genre !!! It 's very organized , factual , and -LRB- above all -RRB- interesting . There is a large portion of this dedicated to the trial portion of this story , but since it was written by the prosecutor in this case , I should 've expected that . Buy it . It 's great !!!!
 This book is certainly not a Pulitzer prize winner , but it is definitely a must read for any true-crime fans . I found myself unable to put the book down for hours . Bugliosi carefully unwinds the horrific details that surround these infamous murders . This book is much more than a gruesome exploitive account . I found myself understanding the late sixties as the tumultuous period that could host this episode in history .
 I first read this book a number of years ago and have re-read it several times since . It is a superb account of the Manson Family and their crimes , written by Vincent Bugliosi in the brief period before all his books became `` I love me '' tales of his legal brilliance . There is no doubt that Mr. Bugliosi is indeed a superb legal mind as well as a brilliant author , and this book was written before he let the knowledge of this deter from his talent .
 I could n't put this one down ! I thought I was n't a true-crime reader , but Bugliosi 's book was so enthralling . It 's a real-life horror story and I was amazed at the amount of depth with which he recounted the history .
 I have always had a great interest in Charles Manson , his family , and the murders . i knew only a little bit about them after watching the movie but after I read the book , I completely understood everything . I could not put the book down for even a second and I not only wanted to congragulate you on such a GREAT book , I wanted to also say that you must be a great lawywer to have gotten a conviction of death on all of these people . Too bad the supreme court thought the death penalty was cruel and unjust punishment . I think what Charles Mansons ' family did was VERY cruel punishment to people he did not even know . He wanted to ignite Helter Skelter when all he really did was scare the crap out of the WHOLE state of California . Job well done on a great book
 Thorough account of the trial of Charles Manson , convicted along with several members of his `` family '' of the murders of seven Los Angeles-area residents in 1969 . The book , written by prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi , gives insight into the building of the case as well as the direction of the trial . Much of the information was revealed for the first time in the book , first published several years after the trial.The reader will find the book gripping and well-organized , but will have to sift through a bit of Bugliosi 's ego , which comes through to some degree .
 Of all that has been written and quoted in the `` cottage industry '' that revolves around Charles Manson , this book is still the foremost authority on the Manson Murders ever written . Everything else is mere window dressing.It has been over 40 years since Manson 's minions creepy crawled over Los Angeles and obeyed Manson 's blood lust . Still today , people are fascinated and intrigued by the whole scenario of the Tate LaBianca murders , when even more gruesome murders have been committed in the past both before and after Helter Skelter.Bugliosi , in his updated afterwords , gives us clues why this case still fascinates . One reason is that unlike Hitler , who deliberately chose which peoples he wanted dead , Manson and his followers were looking for anyone convenient enough to kill . It could have been you . It could have been me . In comparison , Manson was and is much like the `` Jason '' character in the horror movies - a soulless force of undead hatred slashing at all who crossed his path , the ultimate boogieman . And today , while most of his minions recognize the horror and have repented and strive to give recompense for their previous action , Manson is still the wrinkled jailbird hateball he has always been , and still that boogieman everybody loves to fear.Long ago my old grandfather purchased this book . It upset him so that he was shaking and he told us that he could read no more of it . At the time I thought that I HAD to read it ! I did and was engrossed with it and I could not put it down . It is still my favorite reading on the Manson case . It is still the top selling True Crime classic in the world . it is still unparalleled in it 's ability to scare the hell out of you ! Get it immediately to read or re read ! `` Once , we had a secret love , He changed his name from `` Milles '' to Willis!All too soon , our secret loveBecame impatient ... to kill us ! '' 'T is this book that changed a psycho nobody jailbird into America 's favorite Anti-Hero !
 This book is written perfectly . It is educational and entertaining all at once . It tells of true-life accounts and the details are written so graphically you can feel the terror .
 This is the definitive account of the longest trial in American legal history wherein four persons
 This is an excellent book on one of the most horrific crimes ever committed even by today 's standards . The research , details , and explanations are absolute top-notch . It is evident that Vincent Bugliosi is one the greatest prosecuting attorneys ever to step into the courtroom . The way he can rationally reconstruct the events of a crime and get into the heads of the criminals and lay out their motives is just amazing . The courtroom drama is re-created in dramatic detail so you can feel the tension , suspense and horror all throughout the trial . We also learn alot about cult psychology and how people can be driven to extreme bahavior . What 's even scarier is that there are people in this world like Charles Manson 's fanatical followers ready to do his darkest bidding .
 I am 21 , so I was not alive when Sharon and her friends lost their lives to these terrifying crimes . But I have become a fan of her and admire her very much . Bugliosi has written a truly scary and cold stone real book . This book gets in your head and stays there . I would close my eyes and see Sharon begging for the life of her and her child . And her innocent friends , who had not done a thing wrong . Nothing could have prevented this , and nothing can erase it . Sharon , Jay , Abigail , Steve , and Voytek will always have a special place in our hearts and their memory will live on . Thank you Mr. Bugliosi for writing a nail biting thriller that I did not want to put down , but when I did , it was on my mind .
 I have read thousands of books in my life and this one is among the top in terms of gripping and holding my attention . After I started reading it , no spare second was used for any purpose other than reading it . I read it sitting on the toilet , in the bathtub , while riding to work , surreptitiously while at work and for a couple nights fell asleep with it in my hands . It is the story of the Charles Manson `` family '' , who they killed , why they killed and how they lived . Written by the district attorney who compiled the case against Charles Manson and his bizarre group of followers , it describes in complete detail how Manson was such a controlling figure.After I completed the book , I could n't help but think that in another place , another time and with another set of circumstances , Charles Manson could have founded a powerful religious cult . His hold on his followers was incredible ; they truly believed that he had godlike powers . Fortunately or unfortunately , depending on how you look at it , his methods were too brutal and violent to survive long as his philosophy carried within it the seeds of its own destruction .
 This was a very informative -LRB- and at times , scary -RRB- book on the Manson murders . It is written by the prosecutor of the case , Vincent Bugliosi . I had only very limited knowledge of the case so reading this book really gave me some futher insight . I am not sure how much `` new '' information this book may provide someone who is well versed in this case.The only reason that I gave this book 4 stars is simply because it did drag at certain times but as a whole , this is a very well written book !
 I knew the story of this mentally ill man . This book captured his ability to control others . There was nothing new in the book that I did not know . I did enjoy it though .
 This book is great from beginning to end . it gives a really detailed description of the murders , the murderers , Charles Manson , the Family , Manson 's beliefs , and how the police connected the crimes to him . Anyone who likes true crime will love this book and i would recommend it to everyone . i would also recommend the movie ... but id suggest reading the book first because its is a lot more detailed than the movie is and it gives u a better idea of what really happened .
 This book by Vincent Bugliosi is by far the best book I have ever read . The Manson murders being the most interesting subject I have ever researched . Being the prosector in the longest trial in American history the author is also an extremly good writer ! I recommend this book to anyone and it is well worth the money
 This was an incredible book . I did n't know much about the Manson murders and have always been interested in true crime books . This book was so percise and descriptive at times I thought I was at the ranch or in the court room . I was never bored and could not put it down . I was amazed at the control Manson possessed over these people . It was so odd that all these broken people looking for someone to save them seemed to find Charles Manson at a time when he was looking for followers.Very scary ...
 Before I read this book I did n't really have that much knowledge about the manson murders , being that I was n't even born when they occured . This book did an excellent job of presenting everything that happened in a completely logical and coherent order to someone who has n't had any other information , or to someone who is looking for a COMPLETELY thorough and accurate account . Mr. Bugliosi -LRB- the prosecutor -RRB- is excellent in the fact that he is confident enough to attach his own opinions to the evidence , and he builds up such a powerful credibility that we feel privileged to hear what he has to say . This book brought me to a state of utter shock , it really illustrates the wicked animal-like quality of these people , and the hardest thing to contentd with is that they can be considered human beings . It is IMPOSSIBLE to leave this book without forming a passionate opinion about the case , and it is also the type of book that you absolutely can not put down once you start reading it . If you 're the type of person who thinks that it is better `` not to Know '' than please do not read this book , because it will definetely illustrate things that most people can not even conceive of existing in their wildest dreams , let alone cold blooded reality . What plagues me most when I think of this horrifying account is that if there was ever a crime that deserved the death sentence this would be it , and instead these vicious murderers got to live the comfortable lives they should have never had a chance to discover , and being that their sentences were converted they even have the chance to receive parole . To live amongst the citizens they once promised to kill indiscriminantly . Charles Manson AND his `` Family '' have committed the most horrible crimes since Jack the Ripper , and this book is a gripping and fascinating account of as much of it as can be told .
 This book was a fascinating recount of the Tate-LaBianca murder trial . This book gave an amazing insite to Manson 's hippy cult , and a bit of understanding to his morbid fantasies and orders . After reading this , I saw the movie based on the book , but it did n't capture the novel 's true essence . It was a ca n't - put-down read that fascinated me till the end .
 Chief Prosecutor Vince Bugliosi and Curt Gentry have done a remarkable job on this , the most famous true crime novel of all time . The first page states `` The story you are about to read will scare the hell out of you ... '' And so it does in page after page of a very hard to put down book . I 've read this four or five times since it was first published in 1974 . Every time I 've learned more.Whether or not you agree that the `` Helter Skelter '' philosophy was the only motive for the dreadful Sharon Tate Murders ` you can see where Manson preached it to his young followers to make some kind of sense of what he asked them to do . * CBS television is now at work on a new re-made miniseries of this 29 year old famous crime novel . It has promised that this version will concentrate more on how Charlie became the person he is and how he was able to brain wash these problemed young adults with his madness !
 I liked Helter Skelter , a very interesting book written byVincent Bugliosi . The book is about Charles Manson and the otherkillers and victims of the Tate-LaBianca murders . The bookHelter Skelter also talks a lot about what happened throughoutCharles Manson 's life . As I read , I wondered if the killingswere going to stop and if he was going to get caught . This bookcomes with a 64 page photographic record of the victims , thekillers , and the evidence.This book is for anyone who wants to learn why or how CharlesManson became what he was . I would recommend this book to anyonewho likes reading mystery books and anyone who likes to learnabout the lives and minds of killers .
 I purchased this thinking it would be a very dry read . I was very pleasantly surprised at , not only how well-written , but how witty this book truly is ! I even laughed out loud at some of Bugliosi 's comments , which is astonishing considering the murderous content of the book.It really speaks for itself that after three decades , this book is still a literary staple !
 I have read this book twice . I actually have the 1978 1st edition of the book , so I need to get the new updated one . But all is the same anyway , same contents , just with a new afterward by Vincent from what I see in the discription here ... P > Vincent Bugliosi 's book tells the REAL TALE of what happened on August 9th 1969 . There are alot of wish washy books out there on this case , but the authors tend to add a little spice to the real story . Not Vincent . His book is 100 % accurate.I did enjoy the book . It did literally scare the hell out of me . Could not sleep well after reading about the murders . The photo archives in the book is exellent ! You really felt like you were there with Vincent trying to break the case.I do n't think this book will ever go out of print . It is literally the best true crime book of all time and I recommend it to everyone .
 Excellent Book ! I literally had to tear myself away , and put the book down every once in a while . I 've read the book at least 1/2 dozen times , and each time I see things in a new and different light.A terrifying , frightening look into the `` Manson Family '' and the murders they committed . Too often true crime books focus solely on the killer and spend little or no time talking about the victims lives . I believe that Bugliosi and Gentry did n't forget the victims in this story , and portrayed them as they really were . The good and the bad.This classic is definitely worth it ! Pick up this book !
 This book drew me in to the point that I found myself watching my open window across the room , fully expecting an intruder as I read ! Chilling ! Read it alone at night with your windows open ... I dare you !
 I 've always liked just about anything by Vincent Bugliosi ... . and his 1974 book `` Helter Skelter '' is certainly no exception . As the chief prosecuting attorney in the case of California vs. Charles Manson -LRB- and `` family '' -RRB- , Mr. Bugliosi in this book gives us every excruciating detail of this fascinating murder case . You 're able to really get inside his head and see up close how he successfully prosecuted this famous Hollywood case.Hollywood is a fitting surrounding for this trial too . Sounds like something directly from a screenwriter 's notebook . I guess that 's what makes the Manson case so compelling -- it sounds too bizarre to be real . I mean , lyrics from a `` Beatles '' album becoming a major focus ?! The tremendous overkill tactics employed by the killers , as they obey their `` master '' with zombie-like precision ! Just simply unbelievable!I 'm just glad Vince was successful in his efforts , and got Manson and a few of his murderous `` family '' members off the streets . You 'll want to keep turning these pages till the end . `` Helter Skelter '' is a book recommendation of the highest order .
 I read this book 25 years ago and , upon reading it again , I still am of the opinion that Manson and his band of miscreants escaped justice.They should have been executed.We sure could have used Vince Bugliosi at the Simpson trial . The -LRB- obviously -RRB- guilty party would not have walked away free had Vince been the prosecutor !
 I read this book 25 years ago and , upon reading it again , I still am of the opinion that Manson and his band of miscreants escaped justice.They should have been executed.We sure could have used Vince Bugliosi at the Simpson trial . The -LRB- obviously -RRB- guilty party would not have walked away free had Vince been the prosecutor !
 Helter Skelter is one of those books that leave you in dismay because you ca n't believe the logic in the Tate-LaBianca murders . The `` family '' is truely an unbelievable group of people that absolutely butchered for the begining Helter Skelter . I would strongly recomend it to anyone .
 Helter Skelter is a very interesting book . Almost every page keeps you on the seat of your chair . It does n't have a slow moment in it . It has details after details in which you really enjoy . The feeling of it being all real and true kept me reading this book Just think a person like that is still out there , waiting to be released . If that does n't scare you then I do n't know what will . The reality of this book is so increadible that you think it is all made up , but it is all so true . It is certainly a page turner , but I have to warn you , it will scare the hell out of you !
 I Thought that the Book Helter Skelter , was very informative as well as vivid in telling about the true Manson crimes.It was a great description of the various people and deaths of the people there in Los Angeles , Cali . This book also is a great account of the death of the actress , Sharon Tate . This is a great book to help you find out more about the Manson crimes , the many deaths , and the use of the HELTER SKELTER to posses the murders .
 This read was exactly what I was looking for in finding out what Charles Manson and his followers were all about . It was an interesting perspective and I highly recommend this book for those curious about `` The Family '' .
 I 'm only on the 2nd chapter so far . But wow this is such a great book . Very well written & Detailed . I thought I knew all that there was to know about what happened . But I was wrong . This book is a must read !! : D
 There are more than 200 reviews of this book already , so I wo n't rehash what 's already been written . What I do want to say is this
 I started reading this book and was hooked after the first page . I have seen tons of documentaries on Manson , but of course they can not compete with this great book . It was so gripping . I sometimes had to re read some pages because it was so incredible . I have read a lot of books , but none come close to this . This book will make you obsessed with the murders . A lot of people wonder why after almost 41 years later why these murders remain so interesting and intriguing , I was born in 1981 and have become fascinated with it . There just has not been and probably never will be any murder -LRB- other than the JFK assassination -RRB- that stands the test of time . Read this book .
 Here , in this book -- Helter Skelter , -- we have a panoramic view of the Manson Family 's final carnage . This is an authoritative description of Manson and his family , the method and madness of the man they called god , Jesus , soul.This is a ghastly description of the murders only as a member of law enforcement or seasoned prosecutor would narrate.Bugliosi meticulously takes the reader through the crime scene ; beat for beat , down to the cents in the victims ' wallets . He highlights the mistakes made by the investigating agency , the cover-ups and beyond . After reading his account , you might as well have been in the court room and alongside the detectives.The extent of hate portrayed in the overkill clearly leaves doubt that anyone could be brainwashed to commit such acts of violence without prior aberrant inclination , or psychotic / sociopathic predisposition . Manson was simply and clearly the switch that allowed the flow of bottled up rage that was already in his family members . He was the magnet that brought together a group of deviants .
 I read this book in hardback many many years ago . I bought it to give a friend who wanted to read it . It is an excellent accounting of the Manson murders . Some might be disturbed by the content but it is very well written .
 I read a couple of newspaper articles recently regarding this case and realized I did n't know much about it and decided to pick up this book which was noted as being the `` definitive '' telling of the Manson murders . It was so well-written and fascinating I could n't put it down . It 's a long -LRB- and heavy ! -RRB- book but it was a page turner . I 'm now reading another of Bugliosi 's books and I 'm loving that one too .
 `` Helter Skelter '' is the first and only book I have ever read regarding Charles Manson and his followers , and after having finished it , I ca n't imagine ever needing to read another . Bugliosi goes over the Tate/LaBianca crimes in minute detail , and even covers earlier murders committed by Manson and the family that most people might not know about . Even though the basic details of the story and the outcome of the trials are already known , Bugliosi 's telling is enthralling and at times I had difficulty in putting the book down . Highly recommended .
 `` It was so quiet one of the killers would later say , you could almost hear the sound of ice rattling in cocktail shakers in the houses way down the canyon . `` This was not an easy case for the Los Angeles detectives to solve . It was one of the biggest murder cases in American history , and definitely not for the faint-hearted . Written by Prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi and Curt Gentry , there are no holds barred , as all the facts surrounding these horrific murders are laid out in the open , naked for all to see of the Tate-LaBianca murders . The lovely movie star Sharon Tate , hairdresser to the stars Jay Sebring , the well heeled Abigail Folger the Coffee heiress , Voytek Frylowski , Folger 's boyfriend , and Steven Parent who was at the address at the wrong time , Leno and his wife Rosemary LaBianca.The warped and drugged out mind of Charles Manson killers shall be with you forever , as they kill for the fun of it for no particular reason . This well written novel will keep you engaged and it will be very hard to tear yourself away from it once you have begun.This novel comes highly recommended.Reviewed by Heather Marshall Negahdar -LRB- Sugar-Cane 11/04/09 -RRB-
 This book is not for everyone . It is extremely scary and disturbing . At the same time , it is a fascinating look at the police work and prosecution that brought the murderous Manson Family to justice . The book is hard to put down ; the in depth discussion on presenting a criminal case in court and developing evidence to support the case is outstanding . The main complaint is that the book is a few hundred pages too long . The author seems a little too self-promoting , but then again he did get a prosecution on one of the biggest murders in history .
 I have seen a lot of horror movies and read several horror books but none were ever as creepy and utterly scary as `` Helter Skelter '' . Mr. Bugliosi did a fantastic job describing Manson 's extremely disturbed mind and philosophy as well as that of Manson 's co-defendants . Sharon Tate , Jay Sebring , Steve Parent , Abigail Folger , Voytek Frykowski and Rosemary and Leno LaBianca unnecessarily and tragically suffered such brutal deaths , deaths not one of them even remotely deserved . I was glad to read that Mr.Bugliosi managed to win convictions for all defendants but very disappointed that California abolished the death penalty in 1972 , thereby reducing their sentences to life in prison . They should have suffered the same fate as the Tate-LaBianca victims . This book was graphic in detail but not so much so that it prevented me from reading the whole book . I could not put it down . This book beats anything written by Steven King by a mile .
 Vincent Bugliosi does a wonderful job of describing in detail , the essence behind Manson 's theory of `` Helter Skelter '' and the murders that this theory spawned . Once I started , I could not put this book down , even though the material sent a chill down my spine . I learned a lot about Manson and his followers , as well as the trial itself . A great book . Scary , but great .
 The first time I read this book was the summer before I started middle school , it scared me to death ! I recently read it again and it still has the same creepy vibe it did way back then . I remember it taught me a lot about police procedures , investigation and the legal process as a kid . It is a must read even though years later the motive Bugolosi based his case on has been denied by many of the killers , the reader can make up their own mind . Read this with the doors locked and all the lights on !
 I have read numerous fictional crime stories that are interesting and readable , but Helter Skelter has them beat by a long shot ! It is just plain engrossing in every way , and written wonderfully . It also puts the American Criminal Justice System under the microscope to a certain extent , and the portrait is not flattering ! To call the U.S. Justice System a joke would be generous , considering the incessant abuse allowed by one of the defense attorneys and Manson himself , all in the name of constitutional rights and freedoms !! The portrait of Manson , the person -LRB- if you can call him that -RRB- , is downright disturbing . ... In conclusion , I ca n't recommend this book highly enough , as long as you 've got the stomach for it .
 Full of Detail in how the murders took place . Lots of information but never dull.The Epilogue was the most interesting . It tells about what happened to some of the people after the case was over.Much more then the movie or DVD they have out now .
 This book is endlessly fascinating because the Manson story is endlessly fascinating and because Bugliosi -LRB- the prosecutor -RRB- and Curt Gentry -LRB- the real writer -RRB- manage to avoid sensationalism . But it 's really a pedestrian work , eminently readable , but nowhere near the level of Capote -LRB- In Cold Blood -RRB- or Mailer -LRB- The Executioner 's Song -RRB- .
 I first read this book when I was 14 -LRB- what were my parents thinking ? -RRB- and have read it generally once or twice a year for the past 11 years . I think the reason this book is so fascinating , not just to me , but to so many others , is because it combines so many elements
 Well written & informatiuve.word word word word word word word wod woprd qword word word word word word word word
 Mr. Bugliosi has been able to make us feel we were there throuhtout this nightmare . This book will keep you on your toes , wondering if you locked all doors at night . For those who had not been born yet like me , is testament that that crazy idiotic losers have been present is every generation , williwng to do the unthinkable . The skills and genious shown on behalf of Bugliosi during this trial is enough to make anyone want to achieve excellence , no matter what the field of expertise may be .
 Complete story of Charles Manson & his &#34; family &#34; . Complete story . Would recommend to anyone who is interested in history ... good movie
 Although there were a few problems that were not explored , I thoroughly enjoyed `` Helter Skelter . '' One problem in particular baffles me to no end
 That is what the first page tells you and it was n't wrong . I read this book years ago , it was the book that started me reading true crime . Unless you were living on Mars , you have heard about the Tate/LaBianca murders by the Manson family on the orders of Charles Manson . The story is chilling and one that will stay with you for a long time . Sharon Tate was young , beautiful and about to become a mother for the first time . She was with three friends when Manson 's band of psycho 's descended on her home . What happens to Tate and her friends is beyond belief , truly frightening and disturbing . I have read many murder books since Helter Skelter and they all leave me wondering how can anyone be evil enough to inflict such horror on a fellow human being ? Helter Skelter will always be for me , the scariest book I have ever read . Manson was never at the homes of Tate or LaBianca , his crew did his evil biding and that 's what makes it even scarier . How did one man have so much control over so many people that he could get them to commit such heinous acts ? Through the years there have been people that have tried to glorify Manson through songs or wearing T-shirts bearing his face . I wonder if they truly know what this man represents ? If you want to read a real life horror story , one that will have you double checking your doors and windows , and unable to put your book down - than Helter Skelter is for you .
 Best account of the Tate murders written . Exellent reflection of the culture and counter-culture of California in the late 1960 's . Gives you all the information without dwelling on the perversion .
 Even though this is a work of non-fiction and could be classified as a true crime novel , I would tell anybody that `` Helter Skelter '' is a horror novel . Heed the warning on the very first page of this 700-page tome - this book will scare the hell out of you.As far as I 've had access to the History Channel , I 've known about the Manson murders . I feel like everyone pretty much knows . They 've haunted me since childhood . At nine years old , I begged my mom to let me stay up and watch the `` Helter Skelter '' made-for-TV movie , but she gave me a resounding NO . My aunt then professed that she could barely stand being along when she was a child during the actual trial . Six years later , I picked up this book , `` Helter Skelter '' , at a garage sale and asked my dad about it . He gave me a strange look and said , `` I 've read it , Jess . I 'm not sure you 'll like it . '' But I was curious . I 'd seen the specials on TV , Manson 's crazy Sirius Black mugshot eyes , the pretty hippie girls taking the stand , a beautiful pregnant blonde woman splayed out on the carpet , the bloody stains on her body pixelated away so little girls like me would n't have nightmares . I had nightmares anyway . But I was still curious . I bought the book and it sat on my shelf for three years until I finally got up the courage this summer to read it.The verdict -LRB- pun unintended -RRB- ? I 'm glad I read the book . But I surely do n't feel very good about it.The novels literally starts at the Tate crime scene , and unfolds a picture so chilling , so nauseating , and so surreal that I keep wishing this was fiction . Sharon Tate , actress and wife of director Roman Polanski , three of her close friends , and a young man who was at the wrong place at the wrong time , all lay on the premises , brutally murdered . The crime scene encompasses the whole house - the living room , the yard , the driveway . Written on the wall , in Tate 's own blood
 Length :
 Read book thirty years ago . After twenty some years as a federal investigator I have a much deeper appreciation of evidence and litigation surprises . Great read !
 Back when this book was written and presented , the horrendous crime was still alarming ... how could people be swayed by this nut and commit such terrible crimes against mankind . After all of these years and all of the parole hearings , I thank the powers at be who keep this man locked up . Vincent Bugliosi tells a good factual story in a way that is easy and at time the data frightening to read . It is obvious that Manson is crazy like a fox and needs to stay where he is and it is a blessing that this data is presented so that we know what kind of maniac can and does share this planet with us . This book is a very good read if you are fascinated by the mind and the workings of it and how people can be so mindless , murderous and have no regard for life . Vincent Bugliosi does a very good job with the writing of his books and to document such a crime can hopefully be of sound historical value in trying to determin why these kinds of things happen . It will of course never bring back the innocent people who were slain for no good reason and the maniacs still exist and the crimes still occur , a sad historical commentary . A good read , presented very well with hopefully historical significance to understand crimes and creatures hence the 5 stars .
 This is the best true-crime book ever written , imho . I actually read this in high school in the 1970s and did a book report on it for one of my history classes -LRB- got an `` A '' -RRB- . It seemed like none of the other kids had ever heard of Manson or his `` family '' . I read this book so many times the cover was in pieces . If you want to read a scary , gory , and TRUE book that will scare you , do n't bother with any of the other books out there . Read this one . It will give you chills to realize how much control one man can have over other people . Of course , since the time of the Tate/LaBianca murders , we have been desensitized because of the Jim Jones , David Koresh , and other cults ... But Manson 's directives started them all . Very well written .
 I ordered this book to read on a road trip because I have always been interested in true crime stories.This book , of all the true crime books that I have read , was by far the most gripping and interesting . It kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book , and I had a hard time putting it down.Even if you do not care for true crime stories , this book is so shocking and well documented . I have since read several books about the Manson family and Tate - La Bianca tragedies and this book is the best out of them all.I strongly recommend reading this book .
 Despite its length -LRB- 600 + pages -RRB- and punctilious court room detail in the second half , Vincent Bugliosi 's `` Helter Skelter '' is a fascinating account of the two nights of savagery which shocked the nation in 1969
 I had this book since I was sixteen and have read and re-read and watched the movie . This book is what got me into studying Serial Killers -LRB- and how they became what they were -RRB- . I 've studied the Manson case extensively and come away with different opinion of them each time -LRB- all of them not good -RRB- . Essentially , all the Manson Family was , was a bunch of kids aged 15-28 , all runaways that joined up with and let themselves be brainwashed by 5 ' 2 '' Charles Manson . I think Susan Atkins once said he had the voice of an angel.Between 1967-1969 Charles was preaching to his followers how he wanted to start a race war ... his version of `` Helter Skelter '' and that the Beatles were urging him to do it through the White Album . -LRB- How demented is this man ? -RRB- In 1969 , Manson got tired of waiting and told his followers that the population needed a little help in starting Helter Skelter . So he sent out Tex Watson , Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkle and Linda Kasabian -LRB- the only one with a valid driver 's license and snitch -RRB- to a house he knew about in the Hills -LRB- 10050 Cielo Drive -RRB- . There in the early morning hours , Sharon Tate 's `` Love House '' -LRB- rented from Doris Day 's son Terry Melcher and owned by director Rudi Altobelli -RRB- went from `` Love House '' to Slaughterhouse as Sharon and each of her 3 friends and a bystander -LRB- Folger , her boyfriend Frykowski , Sebring and Parent -RRB- were brutally and horrifically killed . Sharon was 8-1/2 months pregnant with her first child from her husband , director Roman Polanski.The next night , Charles said it was too messy and he went along and brought along Leslie Van Houten . There a couple who owned a grocery store chain were killed in the same horrific way . In both residences the `` Family '' printed words on the walls and doors , including misspellings , with towels with the victims blood . `` Helter Skelter '' is the story written by the Prosecuting Attorney , Vincent Bugliosi . He and his assistant investigated , and tried the four murderers in a California Federal Court and got the death penalty for each one for the Tate-LaBianca killings.Today , the main people in the Manson Family -LRB- including the 1st in command Squeaky Fromme for trying to kill President Ford -RRB- . In 1972 the death penalty in California was abolished and the Manson Family 's sentences got commuted to Life . The Death Penalty was reinstated in 1973 or ' 74 . Every now and then you 'll hear about a Manson Family member come up for Parole and being denied . Most recently as -LRB- 5/23/2002 -RRB- Leslie Van Houten -LRB- participated in LaBianca murder -RRB- has come up for Parole and been denied , and now she thinks she has been unjustly denied Parole after all these years . The woman stabbed a person 13 times ! And she wants a parole ! Current California Governor Gray Davis wo n't allow it .
 I think that the previous reviews are correct in the fact that this book is very vivid with details and frightening , to say the least . My 14 year old son mentioned wanting to read this book and I instantly recalled my horror while reading this about 20 years ago . I have been told that the cover is the only big change in the editions since it was first printed . I can see why many readers had a hard time sleeping after putting down this book . I read constantly and love to read non-fiction but I have never had a book consume me as this one did . You are truly transported back in time and to the depths of evil while reading this engrossing , true account . After reading so many books over the years , I usually have to have some prompting to remember exactly which book someone is referring to . That will never be the case with this book . It will stay with you forever . I no longer have my older version and am still considering whether my son is mature enough to read this but I recommend this book to anyone who wants an in depth look at these events .
 This is a terrific book by Bugliosi and Gentry of one of the most memorable and important crimes and trials of the 20th century . But the Kindle edition does not contain any of the , supposedly , 50 photographs and illustrations . The reasons might be legal , but the Kindle edition should clearly note this in their description .
 This book is about the closest you can come - or would ever want to come - to understanding Charles Manson 's warped ideology - an ideology that ultimately led to some of the most devastating crimes in American history . I found `` Helter Skelter '' to be an intriguing and emotionally draining read ; once you become embroiled in the story behind the Manson murders , there 's no escaping . As others have said in their reviews , this is a book that truly stays with you long after you 've closed it , raising some important questions about justice and the very fine line that separates genius from madness . This is one of those rare true crime stories that seldom falls victim to sensationalism , but rather presents the case as exactly what it was
 I initially read this book as a 14 year old and due to the recent publicity regarding Susan Atkins , decided to read it again.The book chronicles the true story of the murders of the LaBianca 's as well as the murders commonly referred to the `` Tate '' murders . It also touches on the murders of Gary Hinman and Shorty Shea , who are often forgotten victims of the Manson Family.Essentially , the murders begin with Charles Manson , a career criminal with a poor childhood who was practically raised in youth homes and detention facilities , etc. . Despite his poor upbringing and limited education , Charlie was a bright man who had the ability to spot and exploit weaknesses in other people.Upon his latest release from prison , Manson begins to attract a group of followers , mainly comprised of young girls , and a few young men , whom all seem to have dropped out of society and are experimenting heavily and frequently with drugs . Manson sees their dissatisfaction with society and using that , as well as sex and drugs further breaks down their morals and values until ultimately they look at him as Jesus Christ and look to him to make their every decision for them.Manson , disillusioned with his failure as a musician , begins to envision a new future for himself and his Family , in part guided by the Beatles musics , which he believes is full of secret messages . Manson believes that there will ultimately be a race war with the black man being victorious . In the meantime Manson and his family will retreat to the desert where they will find a hole leading to the bottomless pit where they will live until the black man realizes that he is incapable of ruling/running society as a whole . At that time , Manson will emerge and become leader of the country , if the world . Charlie calls this chain of events `` Helter Skelter '' . When Helter Skelter fails to come to fruition in a timely manner , he decides to incite it himself , by murdering rich or upper class white people . His theory is that white society will believe the murders were committed by the black man , and will turn on the black man , thereby getting the race war rolling.The book further goes on the describe the investigation -LRB- or lack thereof on the part of some officers -RRB- and ultimate arrest and conviction , as well as an epilogue and afterward in the book with updates.I have read some of the reviews , and have to agree that in some instances , Vincent Bugliosi was perhaps too wordy and a lot of stuff could have been cut out.I also noticed that many of the reviews accuse Bugliosi of manufacturing the Helter Skelter motive for his own purposes . While I have not read the other Manson books , I am not inclined to believe this . First of all , he got the idea from many of the family members , many of whom got on the witness stand and testified to Manson 's belief system as well as his many statements that `` the time for Helter Skelter is now '' , etc. . I also noted that many of those reviewers expressed support for Manson with the oft repeated phrase `` he was n't there '' , `` he did n't kill them '' , blah blah blah . For the record , he was an active participant in the Hinman murders , slicing his ear off . He was present and aware of what was occurring and ultimately was the one who ordered the kill . He was also present at the Shorty Shea murder , for at least a portion of it . Again , it was at his behest that Shorty was murdered . Further , he is the one who sent the murderers to the Tate residence that night , he is the one who told them to get their knives , he is the one who told Tex to murder everyone and make it gruesome . As if that were n't enough , the next evening , it was he who entered the LaBianca home first and tied them up and left them there with full knowledge of what would happen to them . For anyone who is aware of the law , if someone is killed at your request , if you participate in a felony -LRB- i.e. , cutting someone 's ear off , or say breaking into their home and tying them up -RRB- , and ultimately those people die in conjunction with those some events in which you particiated , you are responsible as if you killed them yourself.If anyone is in doubt as to Manson 's control over the female defendant 's in this case , one only need to read the vast material available regarding the trial and how he conrolled them in court , and how he attempted to control the trial . If they were unable , while their freedom and very lives were on the line , to exercise their own free will and make their own decisions , it 's not a stretch to imagine that he was able to control their day to day actions , as well as order them to kill with the expectation that it be carried out.Additionally , the former Manson Family members who were involved , many of whom are still incarcerated , to this day state that was the motive/theory behind the killings . If it was not Manson 's true motive , then he failed to share that with other family members.Further , in an interview with Charles `` Tex '' Watson , a reporter asked him if he had read Helter Skelter , to which Watson replied that he had and it was pretty accurate.Either way , it is a very informative book , and while on the wordy side , provides a detailed and inside look at the trial and what was going on behind the scenes . Whether the reader chooses to believe in the Helter Skelter theory or not is up to them .
 I first read `` Helter Skelter '' the same summer I read `` In Cold Blood . '' Both books left indelible images in my psyche and ensured I would never look at the world of crime and investigation the same again.I 've never read a book quite like HS since . Bugliosi and Gentry have written a taught and gripping blow-by-blow account of the two seemingly unconnected streams of events , the Tate/La Bianca murders and Manson 's cult , how they horribly intersected and the breathtaking resolution.Bugliosi 's reminiscences provide both the personal anguish that the investigation caused him and his family and the urgent immediacy that gripped him and the community to see that justice was finally done.Unforgettable and unflinching , `` Helter Skelter '' forces us to look into the eyes of evil and learn more about ourselves.See also my reviews of the `` Helter Skelter '' TV movie and the audio book version .
 `` Helter Skelter '' is the bible on the 1969 Tate-La Bianca murders . Bugliosi goes into great detail about the mechanics of the case - the murders , the autopsies , how the LAPD almost blew the case because the detectives working on the Tate and La Bianca cases , at that time two separate investigations , would not communicate with each other , etc.Bugliosi shows how he was able to link the two murders together , gather evidence that had almost been destroyed , and how he tracked down the gun that was used in the killings -LRB- which was filed away at the only precinct NOT to have gotten a county wide memo about the gun ! -RRB- . There are updated versions of the book , marking landmark anniversaries of that black night in American history and I would n't doubt that Bugliosi will have another update for the 35th anniversary next year.Helter Skelter is the book to have about the case . Greg King 's `` Sharon Tate and the Manson Murders '' is the book to have about the victims -LRB- more specifically , of course , Sharon Tate -RRB- .
 I read this book back in '84 in college and never again wanted to pick up another fiction book again . This book is a MUST READ . Not only is the story incredible but so is the fact that it is all real . This story of mind control of young , runaway kids back in the 60s by `` guru '' Charles Manson shows how vulnerable kids are when parents are n't around.Each player in the case from the victims to the criminals to the prosecutors and everyone inbetween was put together excellently in the book . Never once did it get confusing as to who was who . This case still resounds to this day in the psyche of America and after you read this excellent book you will see why .
 When they say that this book will scare the hell out of you they are making an under statement . I have wanted to read this book for about 3 years and my parents finly let me read it about a week ago . I am 13 now and the lights are still on.AND THEY ARNE'T GOING OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The book Helter Skelter by Vince Bugliosi is perhaps one of the best tru-crime books I 've ever read . From the story itself , to the incompetency of the LAPD ; from the chilling descriptions of the murders to the way the book is set out , you just ca n't put it down . It 's amazing how clsoe to Manson and his three co-defendants Bugliosi gets . If you 're interested in true-crime stories , and even if you 're not , this is a book to read , if simply to find out how horrifyingly brutal and cold humans can be .4 Stars , and do n't forget to check out the photos .
 I loved this book . I could not put this book down . I 'm only 16 years old , but I still understood everything . It made me wonder how it was back in the ' 60 's , in Manson 's family .
 A really good true crime book . Bugliosi does an excellent job in detailing events from the murders through the trial . I read this book many years ago and on a whim decided to read it again . It 's a compelling , fascinating read . The tension continues to build as the case is built against Manson and his followers.The only minor criticism that I have is with Mr. Bugliosi 's ego . He represents everyone involved in the case -LRB- except for himself , of course -RRB- as incompetent buffoons . Police , judge , forensic experts , coroners , attorneys , witnesses
 this book is very good if you are interested in the Manson murders . You can also get lots of real footage from utube .
 The late 60s were full of destruction , rebellion and the end of the optimism and the idealism that America was almost attached to . Then the Manson family kills 8 people , which symbolizes the darker side to the hippie/LSD/youth culture lifestyle.Vincent Bugliosi was Manson 's attorney during his infamous trial . Here he documents every shred of evidence and every detail which went into the ghastly homicide , and the trial itself , which resulted in Manson and 3 members of his family -LRB- Sadie , Lulu , and Patricia -RRB- being convicted of murder and sentenced to death , which was later turned into life in prison , due to California 's abolishment of the death penalty in early 1970 . This also gives an unbiast view of Charlie 's life -LRB- by the time he was 32 , he spent 17 years in jail -RRB- , his aspirations to become a rockstar , the members of his `` Family , '' why he and his family committed the murders , and , probably the most interesting yet odd part of the book , Manson 's rather religious , dogmatic and supposedly prophetic interpretation of the Beatles ' double-LP `` The White Album . '' It is complete with rather bizarre lyrical references from the people he was after -LRB- the `` Piggies '' -RRB- the revolt that blacks were going to plan against whites -LRB- The lyrics to `` Blackbird '' describe `` Helter Skelter , '' which meant that blacks were going to destroy whites , led by `` Rocky Racoon , who , strangely would be a ` coon , ' not to be racist '' -RRB- , the Beatles as the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse -LRB- The avant-garde sound effects of `` Revolution 9 '' , and how the 5th ` horseman ' was actually Stuart Sutcliffe , who was in the group but died of a brain hemmorhage in 1962 -RRB- , and how the Beatles were planning to sail across the Atlantic to make Charlie a rockstar -LRB- The lyrics to `` Honey Pie , '' ` I 'm in love but I 'm lazy , ' meaning that the Beatles were supposedly interested in Charlie but were too lazy to sail across the Atlantic to California to meet him -RRB- . It 's rather strange and laughable at the same time.It also gives the viewpoint of Manson himself , with interviews , quotes , press releases and biographical information . His comments about Richard Nixon condemning him as a guilty man , while Nixon sends young men to Vietnam to get killed , was particularly interesting.It 's a very long , detailed account about the murders that would mark the end of an era , and one of the most notorious crimes in history . A book highly recommended for anyone interested in law , or anyone remotely interested in the Manson cult and/or ideology .
 WOW ! This book is awesome ! I love Vincent B. It 's not an easy read because there 's a lot of technical stuff in there , but it 's definitely worth it . I had to leave the book at work a couple of times because I was so creeped out !
 this book is awesome ! very very in depth about what happened . i can not believe someone would ever let a person control them like that .
 I really enjoyed reading the majority of the book . The author really gives `` hands on '' insight to this whole ordeal . I knew most of the facts having been raised in that generation - however it was the mental control that was very interesting . I always thought that Manson had a kind of magic when he spoke - even to this day - there is always just enough truth in what he says to make you think . I always found him intelligent but absolutely think he was behind it all - and he is probably best left to die in prison . He 's actually happy there and it 's all he knows ... kind of a sad situation for his life - really ... The book went on too long . Once you reach the end of the trial - and all of the characters have been dealt with - it seemed the book never ended and got old . I found myself skipping toward the end and there was so much redundancy . Up to that point - it was very interesting . There were kind of ` minor ' characters that he went into detail about how they ended up - and actually there were so many people involved , the reader kind of got lost .
 To begin this review , I must explain that I do not normally read books in the True Crime genre . In fact , this is the first and only True Crime book I have read . My reading interests are traditionally geared towards philosophical , religious and historical texts . I became interested in Charles Manson after watching some of his interviews about spirituality on YouTube . I picked up Helter Skelter because it appeared to be the most critically acclaimed text on the subject of Charles Manson . If you are someone who is simply looking for a gripping , page-turning story about murder and mayhem , BUY THIS BOOK . It is a well-written and accurate factual chronicle of the Manson murders that is every bit as good as all the other reviews on Amazon say . -LRB- Be aware , however , that this book is dated . A lot of information about the murders have come out since this book was published , and even the updated new versions do n't cover the new material in any great depth . -RRB- If I were reviewing this book strictly on the quality of the story told , I would award it 5-stars . Having said that , this book could have been much more engaging . It is simply that , a well-written factual chronicle of the Manson murders . For some reason , the book opens on the day after the Sharon Tate murder . The author -LRB- the attorney who prosecuted Manson -RRB- presents the facts chronologically , with many many exceptions , in the same order that detectives working the case learned of them . This means that the book is less the story Charles Manson and his family , and more the story of prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi . This manner of story-telling brings to the forefront the limitations of the author . Again , Bugliosi is an attorney with a mind only for the concrete facts . If you are hoping for a critical examination of Manson , the control he had over his followers , his beliefs , his childhood , etc. , choose a different book . On the few occasions the author attempts to stray from a factual account of the murders in order to address the more abstract ideas and implications surrounding the murders , he gets it wrong . -LRB- Browsing Amazon , I see that Bugliosi has recently published a book on religion . Read the reviews of that book and you will see that , even forty years after writing Helter Skelter , Bugliosi is apparently still unqualified to write about more abstract topics . -RRB- My advice is to read this book if you want a purely factual account of the Manson slayings , or are just looking for some good entertainment . However , if you are also interested in the psychology behind Manson and his family , you will need to supplement Helter Skelter with other reading . Finally , be aware that , at 700 + pages , this book will likely take at least a few weeks to finish .
 I had always wanted to read this book . I grew up in the 60 's & 70 's . It is very well written and full of things I 'd never heard about . This story is still as unbelievable today as it was 40 + years ago .
 Helter Skelter is so full of chit . Any modern day investigator would through this case out . The story is so full of holes , you could drive your car through it . I think the author is on Acid or he 's a schizophrenic , there is a whole lot of extrapolation going on in this story . You can sure tell that Vincent Bugliosi is a science fiction writer not a lawyer.the Charlie Manson -LRB- CDC B-33920 Corcoran -RRB- April 11 , 2012 Board of Parole HearingCharlie Manson never actually killed anyone himself . And he was n't even at the crime scene , please check the DNA.There was no corpus delicti . Corpus delicti -LRB- plural
 One of the best stories ever told . Mr. Bugliosi has a vivid imagination , and the characters he paints are very realistic . I would put this right up there with Dean Koontz and Stephen King , except it is a little more real . The story he tells is something we can truly imagine actually happening in today 's society . A very unique storyteller .
 The book that this here is that i red was very good . i havent never red a better book ever and i meen that . he seems like a very nice man . i rilly dont think that he mint to kill anyone he was just a little crzy . some times my grandma goes crzy if we dont give her her medicine . she can be a very scary person if she gets mad i think you should right a book about her becuz she would be a very good person to right about and it would make a very good book . i would bye it . one time my dog caught this guy that was tryin to get into our house and my grandma found him and she beat him up . Im not suppost to tell any won about that but i thot that maybe if some writer sees it that he will want to write about her and it would b very nice . I love my grandma . i bet that charlie loves his grandma too but its too bad that he cant see her no more becuz he got locked up . i bet hes rilly sorry . so is he rilly related to his family ? becuz they said that he just met them . I didnt think that that was true about that but then i went to a reunion last week and i met a cousin that i never new i had and his name was jimbob . I never met him before and he was my family so i guess that i can understand that he had never met his family either .
 Mizoguchi , a friendless loner handicapped by a pronounced stammer due to a childhood incident , lives in his own obsessive isolative world . Starting as an acolyte to the Golden Temple of Koyoto , he becomes obsessed by the temples beauty and of the ugliness of all else in comparison.As the world around him emerges from the wreckage of the second world war and returns to conflict in Korea , he sees the world around him falling into ruin and he determines to break the spell of the Golden Temple ... This is an extremely intense and disturbing book that is pure Mishima ; laced with his own obsessions on beauty , religious purity , the role of history in producing an ever more ugly decaying world , devoid of beauty and culture ; themes he crystalises in ` The Sea of Fertility ' and permeate all his works . . Mishima 's books are all works of art-beautifully written , but all reflect the disturbed mind of the author that led to his crazy attempted political coup and ritual suicide in 1970 . This makes for very powerful reading as one tries to piece together the man that is Yukio Mishima .
 A great book and very unique in its depth and detail . I was once told to write on subjects that are not broad but quite narrow and bring it deep down to its core which is exactly how Yukio Mishima writes . I love this book !
 Mishima is one of the most talented writers who arose from the disaster of World War II . * Kinkakuji * is a journey through inner chaos . While the temple symbolizes everything that is beautiful for the book 's tragic protaganist , it also reminds him of his own insignificance . The book is written from a Buddhist perspective and gives a glimpse into the paradoxical world that is Japanese .
 This is not a superfical book , but if you take it that way it will be . I read it in my Ap Lit . and Comp . class , I think about 5 people in the class got anything from it , including the teacher . I was included in that too , but this is not an easy book , and I would not recomend it to just anyone . Its the kind of book you have to really want to understand , unlike my class , or else you 'll read right past everything .
 The Temple of the Golden Pavillion is an excellent psychological novel . In this book , we can see how a mind can be driven along to evil through obsession.The main character of this book is Mizoguchi . He is the son of a poor rural priest . He is taken by his dying father to become an acolyte at the Temple of the Golden Pavillion . All throughout his childhood , his father had told him about the spledid beauty of this temple . Mizoguchi builds up an image of ideal beauty in his mind based on this Golden Pavillion . However , this ideal image causes him to feel disappointed in any supposed form of beauty , including women and even the actual physical Golden Pavillion . Nothing can live up to this image of supreme beauty.As he enters university , he comes under the influence of Kashiwagi , a fellow student with a very bitter view of life . Under this influence , Mizoguchi 's dark feelings bubble up inside him . One of my favorite parts is Mizoguchi and Kashiwagi 's discussion of knowledge and action . Kashiwagi asserts that an unbearable life can be made bearable by just having the knowledge that it is unchangable . However , Mizoguchi argues that knowledge is a dead thing , and that only action to change to change an unbearable life can make it bearable . This attitude leads him to his final desperate attack.I think that this book is particularly important in this age of terrorism . Often people ask why do terrorist do what they do , and they ask this because they do n't understand the obsession -LRB- whether in ideal beauty as in this book , or with fundamentalist religion as in the case with terrorists -RRB- , the hopelessness , and the desperation that they feel . I think if you read this book , you can understand how a mind is turned to evil acts through these means . Please read this book , if only to understand this point.A previous reviewer complained that ther is n't much action in this book , and that is true , but that 's no reason to give it a low rating . It 's a psychological novel about the process of a mind on the road to evil , so naturally the main part of the story takes place in the mind . If you want a novel with exploding cars , you should try a Tom Clancy novel instead .
 This novel is a good example of a theme that frequently arises in Mishima 's work
 If ever criticized , The Temple of the Golden Pavilion by Yukio Mishima is chided most frequently for some of its seemingly mundane , superfluous and repetitive details and paragraphs . Many give up , or decide not to read it at all , since the text appears heavy and unmanageable from the very first page . However , after analyzing the book and enduring challenges , one should come to realize the book 's deeper meanings.Mishima 's writing is filled with archetypes and symbols that reoccur throughout the novel which may seem repetitive , but are utterly paramount and necessary to encourage deeper thought within the reader . After studying a chapter or two , one can make connections using these archetypes as a guide to interpret the book . For example , the seasons and the weather reflect the state of mind of the protagonist , Mizoguchi . Descriptive words such as `` brilliant '' and `` bright '' are premonitions of future events . Other distinctly repeated archetypes include colors , water and fire -LRB- they are repeated for the sake of emphasis -RRB- , which help the reader to stay intact with the extraordinary world that Mishima creates.The Temple of the Golden Pavilion is famous for mind-boggling its readers . A way one can come to terms with the frequent juxtapositions in the book is by researching a little about the author 's background . Then , one will realize that Mishima incorporated his own philosophies and experiences in the character of Mizoguchi -LRB- which resulted in an active voice in its narrations
 The Temple of the Golden Pavilion , by Yukio Mishima , is a tragic story about Mizoguchi , the story 's protagonist , and his struggle to come to terms with his existence . This novel does not attempt to teach us how or in what way we should live our lives ; rather , it offers an insight into the mind of a deeply troubled young man whose existence he justifies by hating the outside world.Told from the first-person perspective , I had trouble getting into the novel at first - I enjoy an intrusive narrator . After a few chapters , however , I was drawn into Mizoguchi 's world of contrasts between evil and beauty . We learn that Mizoguchi stutters a lot and because of this he has been cast out of society at school . His stuttering , his feeling that he is unattractive , and some of the things he has done -LRB- such as stepping on a prostitute 's stomach -RRB- cause him to believe that he is a terribly ugly and evil person . However , Mizoguchi would have himself be seen no other way . Since he has been cast out of the world , he comes to believe that the world is a beautiful and good place in which he does not belong . Yet Mizoguchi soon finds out that this perception of the word - one in which the world is a kind and beautiful place - is not entirely accurate . It is here that I believe Mishima 's writing ability stands out among other writers . This is because he is able to show how people like Mizoguchi and Kashiwagi , who is met later in the novel , can see the destruction or defilement of something beautiful as a validation of their own existence.For example , when Mizoguchi wished `` that the Golden Temple was going to be bombed , '' -LRB- 62 -RRB- it was in order for him to remain ugly and evil in his own eyes . While the Golden Temple exists , he is able to find flaws in it - the phoenix looks more like a crow , it is made up of several different architectural styles and its shadow looks more beautiful than the actual building itself . This is not to say that the Golden Temple is not actually beautiful , but that it becomes more beautiful only when it is gone . Since he could then say that the Golden Pavilion was beautiful and that beauty did exist in the world , Mizoguchi could use that as a way to underscore his own ugliness.With The Temple of the Golden Pavilion Mishima holds his own among the great writes of fiction . Just like any other book , it takes a while to start enjoying , but picks up once you do . It does not try to give us guidelines to live our lives by nor does it have a `` The moral of the story is ... '' This is part of the reason why I enjoyed reading it so much - I did not feel as though there was some sort of a hidden meaning behind every detail of which I needed to be aware . Rather , it provides a detailed insight into the thought processes of a person who can only see himself from a negative perspective .
 The Temple of the Golden Pavilion is a book that stayed with me since I first read it , and in particular certain lines by Mizoguchi and Kashiwagi , two of the principal characters , are often so perfect in describing the events of life that I am again filled with admiration for Mishima 's incredible philospohical and literary skills . The thing about Mishima , though , is that his protagonist will almost invariably be a young , introspective male - of course , this is a mirror image of Mishima himelf . I am reading `` Confessions of a Mask '' , his `` coming-out '' autobiography right now , and it brought me back to thinking about the `` Temple '' ; `` Confessions '' was one of his earliest books and it certainly set the stage for a work like `` Temple '' to come . It 's clear from the autobiography that the themes of beauty -LRB- in particular masculine beauty -RRB- , death , and war are Mishima 's obsessions . Of the four Mishima novels i 've read -LRB- Sound of Waves , Thirst for Love , Spring Snow , and the TOFTGP -RRB- , some of these themes are always present . In every novel , too , he is using a different approach to them ; in the Golden Temple , there is a heightened awareness of sprirituality and beauty of divine origin , i.e. the Golden Temple itself , the object of the acolyte Mizoguchi 's obsession , which progressively takes over his life . -LRB- `` Did I possess the Golden Temple , or was I possessed by it ? '' -RRB- It is hard to imagine Mishima 's characters - like the stuttering teenage acolyte Mizoguchi of The Temple , with his keen aestheticism or his crippled friend Kashiwagi with his brilliant philospophical insights - in real life , whether it be Japan or any other country . Mishima 's works , even his autobiography , are all surreal in nature . The `` Temple '' very effectively built up such an aura around the actual Golden Templein Kyoto that when I later saw a picture of it -LRB- it has been rebuilt since its destruction described in the book -RRB- I was very disappointed by its real image . It is certainly a beautiful building , but to me is not mysterious or hypnotic like it is to Mizoguchi . It is not alive , and certainly does n't look like it can manipulate the hearts and minds of people , as it did with Mizoguchi . In general , Mishima 's works , as was he - seem otherworldly . If this appeals to you , then his books , and this one in particular , will be unforgettable . Mishima 's gift for beautiful , descriptive prose and powerful analogies shines through Ivan Morris 's excellent translation . If you have never read a Mishima book , and are looking forward to a hypnotic/intellectual journey , `` The Temple '' is a great book to start with.Also , the Everyman 's Libraby edition is very good , with historical notes , an introduction by Donald Keene , thick paper and a built-in bookmark . Get it over the others .
 During WWII , Truman 's military made the conscious act of not bombing Kyoto . During restoration , one of Japan 's most revered temples was set ablaze by a young Japanese man , a stutterer in training to become a Zen priest . The novel is an exploration of this shocking event , a symbolic mourning of Japan 's young people turning away from its own cultural roots -LRB- ?? -RRB- . -LRB- Although many other subjects are touched on -RRB- . Mishima , heralded as one of the great writers of Japan , committed public suicide during demonstration against American occupation . He was the `` John Updike '' of his generation I understand . His sharp criticism of Japan succumbing to Western values is evident in this book -LRB- the hospital-like order of the warfs where the U.S. Navy ships were docked -RRB- . Mishima provides a satisfying complexity on some difficult subjects -LRB- e.g. , what is beauty -RRB- , the pyschology of a young person bent on destruction -LRB- shades of the Oaklahoma city bombing -RRB- . Despite the dark subject matter , the novel is full of enjoyable , lively characters who seem to enter at just the right moments to breath fresh life into the sometimes heavy narrative . -LRB- Note the opening speach of the Kashiwagi , the club-footed friend with a refreshingly clear , unique pungent logic . -RRB- On the whole , Temple is deeply philosphical with startling twists and turns in observations , which kept me underlining passages . It is full of some of the best similies and analogies I 've ever read . The `` off-kilter '' narration with deep self-questioning of motives reminded me a bit of Doesteovski 's protragonist in Crime and Punishment.The ending seemed a bit abrupt , almost an easy out , but perhaps Mishima , who seems to have a gift for concise observation , did n't wish to over-explain . Every paragraph seemed to count , and I do n't think I can look at a Zen temple the same way again .
 It is hard to tell whether Yukio Mishima 's The Temple of the Golden Pavilion is meant to be a harsh criticism of Japan 's superficial and self-interested modern society or rather one man 's confession of a life long obsession with masochistic beauty . A sickly youth , a passive War-time experience and a longing for a beauty that can only be found in self destruction blurs the Narrator 's voice and that of the author into one form . This novel can only be read and understood through allegory due to Mishima 's everything-but-subtle writing style . In doing so , Mishima 's poetic prose capture the full on collision between traditional and modern Japan during and after World War II . Over the course of the text , the reader follows the Narrator in horrific delight as traditional Japan dies a slow death as symbolized by the Golden Temple.As with many of his novels , Mishima insists on mourning beauty that has survived too long in the real world . When first confronted with the Golden Temple , the Narrator is shocked to find that the actual Temple pales in comparison to his personal vision of the perfection embodied by the Temple in his mind , `` Then the Golden Temple , about which I had dreamed so much , displayed its entire form to me most disappointingly ... The shadow was more beautiful than the building itself , '' -LRB- 24 -RRB- . For the Narrator , the Golden Temple symbolized all that is beautiful , precious and sacred in the world . Over time , the Temple in his mind became synonymous with the glory and beauty of Japan and its past . After his initial shock and disillusionment , Narrator comes to believe that the image of the Golden Temple which he held in his mind of was more beautiful than the actual Temple could ever be . It is only when faced with what seems like inevitable destruction that the Narrator is able to see beauty not only in the Golden Temple but also within himself.The Narrator 's stuttering and his insistence on his own ugliness is brought out in his description of the reality of the dilapidated Temple . Before coming to the Golden Temple , the Narrator saw his ugliness , stuttering and suffering as a sign that there must exist somewhere in this world a thing such as perfection and beauty . This masochistic way to cope with a depraved world backfires when the Golden Temple falls short of the Narrator 's mental image . With nothing beautiful nor perfect in this world , all is suffering and there is no hope for the Narrator 's redemption nor a glimpse of beauty . In response , the Narrator 's disillusion takes on yet another form when his life takes on a new purpose.Once he enters the priesthood , the Narrator soon comes to realize that maybe it is not the Temple that is ugly but rather that he has overestimated the world in which he lives , `` It was quite natural that wars and unrest , piles of corpses and copious blood , should enrich the beauty of the Golden Temple . For this temple had been constructed by unrest ... '' -LRB- 36 -RRB- . After realizing this , the Narrator starts to feel almost at one with the Golden Temple . Both are products of times of unrest and baseness . With the backdrop of World War II it no surprise that the Narrator 's fascination with the Temple takes another masochistic form of beauty.In the face of utter and inevitable destruction , the Narrator feels that by burning to ash with the Golden Temple both can together attain true , eternal beauty . The only way them to become beautiful is to escape from the tangible world into the world of formlessness , `` Indeed , if things continued as they were , the Golden Temple was sure to turn into ashes . Since this idea took root within me , the Golden Temple once again increased in tragic beauty ... This beautiful building was before long going to be turned into ashes , I thought . As a result , my image of the Golden Temple gradually came to be superimposed on the real temple ... -LSB- as -RSB- a symbol of the real world 's evanescence , '' -LRB- 42,45 -RRB- . This dream of beauty is again dashed to pieces when indeed the Temple is not burned down during the war . Having both lived beyond their only chance for poetic destruction , both the Narrator and the Golden Temple seem cursed to die the slow death of all real and ugly things.If the Temple is seen as a symbol of traditional Japan , what idea is Mishima driving towards with this novel ? What is meant when the Narrator chooses to burn the Temple down himself ? In the end , The Temple of the Golden Pavilion is a picture of Japan in the post-war era . A traditional culture , which only can be seen as beautiful in the midst of war and the baseness of human nature , lives on in a country that obsesses over its own uniqueness , ignorant of the suffering out of which their proud history was born . This is Mishima 's Nihonjinron . Just as the Narrator masochistically attaches his good intentions to the Golden Temple only to be let down , so too is the nature of those who follow the illusion of Nihonjinron . Mishima leaves the reader with the intention to tear down all the symbols of the past which have outlived their stay in this world . Only then can the tragedy of the loss of culture and the end of history in the face of modernity truly be mourned for all of it 's beauty .
 Having only read Mishima 's Sound of Waves prior to this , I was pleased to find the same beautiful writing with an edgier subject matter ... I found this book particularly notable . The first person narrative -LRB- by Mizoguchi , in the novel -RRB- provides contrast , in that most people will note the logical fallacies in the narrators thinking and conclusions - and yet we are given those fallacies as fact , as Mizoguchi takes them to be fact . This results in a startling perspective , given without moral censure , which in itself is very interesting . There is never a time when Mishima implies that anything Mizoguchi does is `` wrong '' , something which is done in most books by western authors . All conclusions on right and wrong are left to the reader , which is refreshing in a time and a country where right and wrong are increasingly dictated by outside authorities . This freedom is handled very deftly , although some people may find it disturbing . The last point I like about this book is that , while it is based around a Buddhist temple and many of the characters are from within that world , the religion is never preached - instead , it is more of a background , something taken for fact because of where the novel is set and who it is about . All in all , The Temple of the Golden Pavilion is a remarkable book , and I recommend it strongly to anyone who considers reading it .
 From all of mishima ` s work The Temple ... is one of his most extraordinary works , his linguistic use to describe psicological extreme situations and the sense of beauty surrounding them and innate to their being , aquires here an epic touch . Here mishima focuses also on certain specific issues such as the relations between art , destruction , and death wich are treated in The sea of fertility too . if you wan na have a complete view of mishimas work , in my opinion its fundamental to read The Temple of the golden pavilion .
 THE TEMPLE OF THE GOLDEN PAVILION was a novel that had caught my eye when I first read its preview page . Even though it seemed to be just another book about a boy , who needs to follow in his father 's footsteps , which was being a priest in this case , it turned out that this boy was not an ordinary adolescent . This boy , named Mizoguchi , is a stutterer and he decided to enter the famous temple in Kyoto , which was the Golden temple.When he was little , he would hear lovely stories , from his father , about what made this temple so unique from many other ones . Once he saw the temple himself , he developed a strong obsession to its beauty . Because of this , he could n't live in peace there , and his dream was to destroy the temple by burning it down to ashes . Mizoguchi is a powerful character that I will never forget because of his behavior , which ignites hatred and disgust . I have sympathy for him though , since his personal experiences made me realize why he came to be who he was . So I encourage you to read this amazing novel by Yukio Mishima .
 This novel greatly affected my life and the way I see things . Mishima 's main character takes you into the depths of his mind and considers what it means to be himself , where he defines himself from , and how to break free from social norms . Every discription is a different way of looking at a situtation , and his language is colorful and complex , even in traslation . This novel is a must read for anyone interested in Japanese culture , and , for anyone who has ever asked themselves , `` Who am I ? '' .
 Disturbing , because The Temple delves deeply into the mind and motivations of a sick individual , making understandable if not nearly inevitable , his horrible destructive deed . The fact that the plot parallels the true story of the Temple of The Golden Pavilion 's destruction -LRB- in 1950 -RRB- makes the story all the more chilling and suspenseful . Ultimately , this novel will usher the thoughtful reader into areas of self reflection concerning the nature of beauty , unattainable perfection , and the harshness of life.Lovely , because Mashima is adroit at immersing the reader into a serene and beautiful world , even if it is one seen trough the eyes of a problematic individual . Several reviewers mentioned ` repetitive '' or `` heavy '' - I think that most readers of Japanese writing will not find this so , rather The Temple Of The Golden Pavilion paints a picture of a whole life seen through the eyes of one person , so the perceptions are necessarily narrow . The story unfold through the eyes of an isolated , lonely and flawed young man , who despite his speech impediment has many privileges , and several opportunities to overcome his self doubt . This is not an uplifting book . Some of Mashima 's other works are more of a joy to read ; I definitely would not recommend this book as your first Japanese nor your first Mashima novel . Some suggestions
 This is a good book , but it does have some issues.If you happen to be looking at the Hardcover Import from 1994 , there is an introduction from Donald Keene . In this introduction he pretty much gives all of the story away , including the final sentence of the book , and all the main events from the book . Luckily I caught on to this quickly and skipped most of the introduction , and read it after the story . This has happened in other books Ive read and I am unable to find a reason why these kinds of introductions are put at the beginning of the book.On a final note , the book can get slow and your eyes may start wander when the main character goes off on his long talks about his feelings and philosophical things , but if you can get past this , points will pop up in the book that keep you interested until the end . I recommend reading the book , and I will buy more books from this author .
 After reading and adoring a previous Mishima book -LRB- The Sailor Who Fell From Grace With the Sea -RRB- I eagerly bought and devoured this novel.This is based upon true events where a disgruntled and emotionally disturbed Zen acolyte burned down the temple he was studying at . This book explores his mindset and possible reasons for doing so.This is written in the first person so feel very immediate and direct and you are quickly drawn into the thoughts and feelings of the main character . Mishimas beautiful writing style is evident here , although I found this a harder read than the previously mentioned book as this fluctuates between the actual story and the inner dialogue of the acolyte . The inner dialogue , whilst giving a deeper insight into the character and his behaviour , felt very confused and convoluted at times , which may have been the intention as inner thoughts are n't often ordered or easy to understand.The story itself is shocking enough -LRB- especially as it 's true -RRB- and the last twenty pages are where the real drama occurs , but it has a greater impact due to the build up to this point.This is a beautifully crafted book and whilst I enjoyed ` The Sailor Who Fell From Grace With the Sea ' more , this is still one that will stay in my thoughts for some time to come and is one I will revisit at some point down the line . All in all this is well worth a look if you enjoyed his other works , but due to it 's dark style it 's not as easy to read as some of his other writing.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 In 1950 , a psychologically deranged acolyte burned down one of Japan 's national treasures . Mishima enteres the mind of the perpetrator , crafting a fictional account of `` How could anyone do something like this ? '' The story follows the antagonist , a physically ugly stuttering child , as he wages a mental war against beauty in general , and the Temple of the Golden Pavilion in specific.The greatness of the work is in how it shows , rather than tells . The narrator mispercieves people 's reactions , misinterprets Zen parables , and sees the world in a very different light . As the reader , we are left to fill in the spaces ourselves . Despite cultural barriers , the translation is strong enough to allow us to fill in the blanks.In a sense , this could be called the predecessor to Truman Capote 's In Cold Blood . Through deep research and interviewing , Yukio Mishima creates a psychological explanation of a major public crime . Mishima preceded Capote by several years , and could be credited with inventing the non-fiction novel.In all , this is a fantastic work . As acts of random violence and terrorism still remain unexplained , the novel finds itself remarkably timeless .
 Yukio Mishima was to receive the Nobel Prize for literature the year he committed suicide . I feel he was one of the best writers of the 20th century and with over 40 stories , novels and plays its a wonder he is n't more known in the western world . `` The Temple of the Golden Pavilion '' follows Mizoguchi , a poor , working monk stationed in Kyoto . Through his life he has come to see beauty in very few things , though he becomes enthralled at the site of the Golden temple . Being a boy , his father told him of it and so he built it in his mind as something amazing , something divine.I wo n't tell much of the story -LRB- you 'll read the novel if you really want to know -RRB- , but this novel is similar to many of Mishima 's -- it deals with a character trapped between his culture and a forbidden taboo -LRB- this time it 's arson and suicide , sometimes it 's only a woman -RRB- . Mishima 's philosophy and introspection comes in to play in Mizoguchi 's mind , and at times one feels like he or she is reading a philosophical text.And it is indeed hard to see what Mishima thought through all of this . Is Japan a violent , narcissistic country , caught up in it 's own masochistic culture and suffocating its youth ? Or is he saying that real human beings are not born , but bred?This is a novel , but is based on the actual burning of the temple in 1950 by a monk -LRB- though his name was not Mizoguchi -RRB- . The historical connections have a part to play in post-war Japan , of course , but what 's really worth experiences is Mishima 's passion and his incredible gift to create extremely visual and visceral scenes that seem to vibrate poetically in the readers mind . This is one of the ten best novels I have ever read and should stand as a testament to anyone who doubts Mishima 's brilliance .
 The story of a misfit 's revenge on the world he finds too cruel . The famous temple was burned to the ground by a young Japanese boy . Mishima creates a `` based on a true story '' novel of the event offering one plausible explanation to the question anyone would ask the boy
 This book affected me so much that I kept my mouth shut for a week -LRB- the amount of time it took me to complete the book -RRB- . I could n't eat , and I could n't speak . Yukio Mishima 's beautiful narrative paralyzed me the way the Golden Temple paralyzed Mizoguchi , the protagonist . A talented writer-philosopher , Mishima skillfully toyed with various aspects of beauty , fear , and faith , ultimately meltings them into one great encompassing theme that destroys the mystery behind what many of us lack
 I reckon The Temple of the Golden Pavilion to be one of the best novels of Mishima . This book is therefore quite something since Mishima in my opinion is one of the best writers of the 20th century . The protagonist is Mizoguchi a shy boy with a speaking problem -LRB- or has he problem speaking ? -RRB- . Mizoguchi is mentally and phisically overwhelmed by the building of the Golden Pavilion to such an extent , that it leads to disastrous consequences . If you want to read a great book by one of Japanese finest writers try this one .
 For those curious about Mishima 's works , but who may have found other samples too daunting , this -LRB- along with Confessions of a Mask -RRB- is an excellent and comprehensible introduction to an extremely complex writer . In this sense , it may be compared to Joyce 's Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man , or Pynchon 's The Crying of Lot 49 , in that these works provide an entry to those authors ' more dense pieces
 This novel is based on a spectacular true crime . In 1950 , a Zen priest , Hayashi , burned down Kinkaku , a beautiful sixteen century temple in Kyoto . The motives of the arsonist priest , like the motives of the student killers at Virginia Tech and Columbine , remain murky . Mishima turned Hayahsi into the fictional priest Mizoguchi in order to dive deeper into the thinking that would prompt such an act . His success is mixed.Mizoguchi sees himself as ugly and transient and sees the temple as beautiful and eternal . Just as thermodynamics is about lessening the physical gradients between objects , nihilism is an attempt to degrade the psychological distance between the nihilist 's inner reality and the outer world that torments him . At first Mizoguchi defines his problem as finding the proper response to beauty , as personified by the Golden Temple ; later , he 's tormented by his growing distance from all that beauty promises in this world.Mizoguchi tells the story in the first person , and this challenges the author because Mizoguchi is graceless , inarticulate and resentful toward a world he ca n't fit into . His transactions with the Superior at the temple , his interactions with his friends Tsurukawa and Kashigawi and his intermittent , mostly impotent brushes with women are all refracted though Mizoguchi 's distorted perspective . In fact , Mishima has to cheat and give this unsophisticated country boy the ability to bat around zen dialectics to explain himself and his actions . Mizoguchi 's philosophical musings are the least convincing aspect of the novel.For the novel to work , whether or not we understand Mizoguchi , we at least have to feel sorry for him . For three quarters of the story he 's neither interesting enough nor likable enough nor recognizably human enough to pity . In the last two chapters , though , as Mizoguchi makes his final preparations to destroy the temple , the book rises to another level , and we can feel compassion for him , mainly because we feel his painful , irrevocable turning away from any hope of a normal human existence.Some critics think this is Mishima 's finest novel . I do n't , partly because Mizoguchi 's inner life is only partly believable , partly because the prose reflecting that inner life is often as clotted and plodding as Mizoguchi himself , partly because the inner lives of people who fold their arms and say no to life often are n't compelling . Although it 's not an easy book to read , it 's worth sticking with for the cumulative effect of the ending , and the complicated reactions Mizoguchi 's final actions at the temple stir up in the reader.Even if the results are mixed in this book , Mishima was a great novelist . For a western reader , his Sea of Fertility tetralogy is perhaps a more interesting and compelling take on Japanese society .
 This book reads like a diary . You get to find all about the main characters hopes , dreams , depressions , explicit thoughts and details . The translator did a damn good job ! I was able to see myself in the character 's body and world . Saw what he saw . Did what he did . And even though he eventually goes wrong within this downward spiral -LRB- read the book if you want to find out how -RRB- , you understand him . Even if it seems so crazy , you understand because you feel like you 're walking in his shoes . I liked it so much , I want to get the story in the original Japanese .
 This novel is a good example of a theme that frequently arises in Mishima 's work
 Although I read this book several times before and wrote an analytical paper about it , I 'll just say that it 's an excellent book . Even if you end up hating it , you 'll be glad you read it.If you can , read it in Japanese , or in the French translation which is much better than the English one . It is a pity that Keene did n't translate this work , probably Mishima 's best.For those of you who have already read it
 Excellent book . I read it back in college , but I do not think that I fully appreciated it . This time around I could not put it down . The book combined a good plot with serious existential thought . If anything , it must be a commentary on the inner struggles of Mishima . Regardless , his desires and frustrations can be readily applied to everyday life . The long passages on the meaning of beauty the evanescense of human life were spectacular . However , I can only speculate how a school board might view this book in light of the events at Columbine . As grisly as it may be , it might give us insight into the thinking of the partcipants .
 I 'd heard about Murder and Underwear as part of a streaming radio broadcast from a famous Dutch news agency while taking my morning jog one fine day . I was so intrigued about the premise of Anika 's book -- not to mention her title -- that I was immediately inspired to get my hands on a copy from her publisher.Reading it is was whole ` nother experience ! I was shocked by the deftness with which Anika wielded the sardonic witty pen in the English language -- admittedly not her lingua franca -- and I found myself positively floored by the acrobatic savviness of her metaphors and the giggle-inducting descriptions she 'd often used with such a smooth touch to get across the perfidy of what is the scourge of rampant homelessness in America . I was alarming to read Anika 's accounts of loss and tragedy on the rough and tumble streets of Chicago in a democratic and so-called ` developed nation ' which prides itself on being the bastion of plenty and the cradle of abundance . Murder and Underwear will make one want to run for the European EU Hills ... or somewhere where there 's at least a baseline of critical care for the citizenry . I ca n't imagine going into a hospital in the US and bleeding to death from an injury right there on the emergency room floor because I do n't have my paperwork and insurance in order -- so much for the Hippocratic Oath!Anyways , Anika 's tome is n't a bash-me-up against the ravages of the health system in the United States more than it 's a poignant and heartfelt rendering of her several months ' experience dealing with the uncanny , memorable , and captivating characters of Chicago 's homeless ` community . ` Murder and Underwear is a compact read , but worth its sticker price . While it does n't neatly fall into any discernible genre , it 's got my vote for mega-success written all over it strictly for the humanity of its expressiveness , and the immediacy of its urgent message.Murder and Underwear will read like a urgent plea for health-care reform -- certainly a hotbutton and pressing topic -- rather than some vitriolic diatribe or a pointless rant . For that reason , it 's a wonderfully delightful pagetrurner that you 'll want to share with both friends and loved ones . You 'll thank your lucky stars you 've got the disposable income to purchase this book when done.Look out for more of Anika 's stuff ... why this girl does n't publish more , I do n't know ! ... she 's got talent spelled with a captial T.
 This book is excellent for those teachers who are tired of just giving test and quizzes . This book shows you several ways to assess the learning of you students in creative ways . For each suggestion the authors include an example for the assessment and also include lots of different styles of rubrics , so that you can choose the one thats right for you .
 In 2081 , a new kind of telescope , using subtle quantum effects , allows for a detailed examination of all the planets of the galaxy and abroad . Life is present everywhere , but not civilization . Subtle evidences show that civilizations are numerous , but that they disappeared ... Where ? What is our own enthralling future?This book is anticipation in the Jules Vernes style
 Fierce Eden -LRB- The Louisiana History Collection -RRB- ~ Another great collection by Jennifer Blake . A Real attention getter . If you like historical romances you will love this collection . I had trouble putting this one down .
 This story was way more than just a romance novel . There was an element of time-travel involved that gave the story a whole new aspect . I enjoyed the book , and just wish it hadn ; t ended where it did . If I 'm not mistaken , there may be a sequel in the works . I would certainly want to continue the adventure .
 Good story and interesting characters . . A lot of history in this story that I found to be interesting . . the life of Indians has always fascinated me .
 I would have given this 10 stars if I could ! I loved it ! The words Reynard used to Elise telling her what he would do to her if he could left me breathless and my whole body shaking ! I kept reading those words over and over again . Oh to be Elise ! Thank you , thank you !
 Very interesting read , if you love history you will love this book as I did . I could not put it down .
 Jennifer Blake developed her characters her in a subtle yet intriguing fashion while moving the plot along quite quickly . Similar to Royal Seduction -LRB- which I have mixed feelings about -RRB- , Ms. Blake builds her heroine as an intelligent and compassionate yet skeptical person who is thrown into a wild dangerous adventure which ends up with the heroine demonstrating her ability to remain cool under pressure without giving up her dignity . Thankfully , this time around , I really fell for the hero -LRB- and applaud her for making him of mixed heritage -RRB- . Ms. Blake balances out the cultural underpinnings without making it into such a intellectual discourse that my mind checks out . Ms. Blake adds details when necessary - from both protagonists ' constant wardrobe change and constraints to how the fort was built and it being weak and adds qualities to her characters to build them like making the hero have a twin . It 's all of these small things that add up to a great book . I hope to one day be such a great writer . For now , I 'll just read her works .
 The romance is spread throughout the book and I loved all of the interesting information about the indian practices . It 's a long book but definitely worth the read because when you 're done reading you know it was very well researched and you have probably learned something new .
 well written , lots of historical info about a period of history that are not too well known . characters were believable , good descriptions of places and time period . was a page turner , sorry when it ended , loved the characters .
 ... Takes one back to the days of &#34; The Last of the Mohicans &#34; , only with more modern phrasing and liberty of social details .
 Reynaude is sooo sexy , he can put his loin cloth under my bed anyday ... would love to see a sequel to this awesome roman .
 I read it straight through and learned quite a bit about Indian culture during those days . Recommend it highly to all .
 I am a big fan of Ms. Blake 's but this was not one of her better books . It dragged a lot at times but the history involved in the story more than made up for it . If you 're a fan of people and their cultures , you might want to give this book a try .
 Great writing kept this book from being boring . There ws a lot of history but the author wove it into the story with skill . The story begins with the massacre of the French by the Natchez Indians in the Lousiana Territory , and unviels a saga of love , courage , and endurance.Warning
 A historical romance from the 1700 's that tells of the true massacre of the French by the Natchez Indians . A good read .
 Love concurs all !! ... Well least thats my opinion with this book ... Being taught to love and realizing you need that love is what this book is about ...
 FIERCE EDEN by Jennifer Blake is a wonderful historical romance set in 1700 's Louisianaand Mississippi.This book was originally released in 1985 . It is well written with depth , details , full of historical facts , twists and turns.It has Indians , strong characters , passion , sweet sensuality , obligation to family , slavery by the Natchez , romance , adventure , Natchez Indians , massacre , Louisana Bayou , sacrifice and of course love.The hero , Reynaud , is half Natchez , half French , handsome , well educated , handsome , tattoo over his chest , strong , determined , the brother of the Natchez chief , becomes the Natchez war chief , desires the heroine , helps a few of the French escape massacre for a small price , the beautiful French widow -LRB- Elise -RRB- , and is a French gentleman.The heroine , Elise , is a widow , French , beautiful , fear of the marriage bed due to her dead husband , must willingly go to Reynaud 's bed for him to lead them to safety , has a determination to survive , and will survive with the help of Reynaud learns that their are good and evil men in the world , Reynaud 's is a good , kind , and decent man.Together , they embark on an adventure that will bring them to trust each other , for Reynaud runs the gauntlet to save Elise , and Reynaud will bind Elise to him forever.This is a wonderfully written story of love , passion , sacrifice , saving a enemy , saving a culture , leaving a shattered heart in the past , starting a future of happiness , love and trust.If you enjoy Indian culture , learning more of the Louisiana and Mississippi history , Indian culture I would highly recommend this story.It is fast paced , action packed , full of adventure , page turning , with a list of unique characters.This book was received for the purpose of review from the publisher and details can be found at Sourcebooks Casablance , an imprint of Sourcebooks , Inc and My Book Addiction and More .
 Elise Laffont is only 25 years old , yet she is already a widow - and perfectly happy to be one ! All of the bachelors around Fort Rosalie , and there are many as it is a military post , are positive that she can not make her small holding in Louisiana Territory profitable without a man by her side . Yet Elise has nothing but disgust for men , her brutal husband having done nothing but hurt her , mock her and cause her trouble . Elise was proud of her small farm and had made a modest success , but she lost it all one morning when the Natchez attached Fort Rosalie and the outlying areas , killing or enslaving all of the French . Elise managed to escape into the forest and find a small group of survivors , but they knew they could not make it out of Natchez territory without being caught . When Reynaud Chavalier , a half-French , half-Natchez warrior , finds them , he offers to take them to Fort Natchitoches - if Elise will warm his bed at night . Nothing could be worse for Elise , yet the other French insist that they will not survive without him and Elise is forced to comply.Elise is determined to think Reynaud no better than her brute of a husband , yet when Reynaud sees the fear and panic in her eyes when he reaches for her that night , he is determined to make her want him as a woman . He insists that Elise touch him and pleasure herself . Elise uses these opportunities to tease Reynaud , but she slowly comes to trust him and to believe that all men are not like her dead husband . When they come to Reynaud 's plantation , she is content to stay there , making love to Reynaud and living in a kind of paradise , untouched by the outside . However , this time of peace can not last , for the French are coming to kill the Natchez for their uprising.When members of the Natchez tribe come to ask Reynaud , known as Hawk of the Night to them , to become the new war chief , Reynaud feels that he has a duty to his people to go , even though he fears that they will lose . At first Reynaud was going to let Elise continue on to the fort , but he finds that he can not let her go . Elise does not go willingly , but has no chance to make a successful escape with all of the warriors watching her every move . She determines to make the best of it in the Natchez camp and befriends some of the Natchez women and offers what comfort she can to the French captives there . As Elise spends more time among the Natchez , she comes to see them for the people that they are - just like the French , full of strengths and weaknesses , cultural customs and taboos . She knows that she is in love with Reynaud , but what kind of future do they have with the French attacking the tribe from all sides?This was a very enjoyable romance that also had quite a bit of historical background to it -LRB- some of it fictionalized , of course -RRB- . I liked Elise as a character , she was afraid , yet determined to be courageous and not afraid to change or to adapt to new situations . Reynaud was a gorgeous hero , tormented by not belonging to either people whose blood pulsed through his veins and not sure whose side he was really on . The supporting characters were also quite well developed and fun to get to know
 This book was one of the best I 've read by Jennifer Blake . You really feel the plight of the Natchez indians without it feeling like a history lesson . You also come to understand the conflict the main male character , Reynaud , feels being half-French , half-Natchez in the midst of a war between the two . The heroine , Elise , is strong-willed but without excessive stubbornness . The beginning of this book starts of strong and the love story between the characters develops well . I thought the last part of the book could have been drawn out a bit more . Overall though , this book is definitely worth reading !
 I have to admit that I 've really enjoyed reading Sourcebooks Casablanca Classics . I 'm not usually one for romance books but ` My Love , My Enemy ' and now ` Fierce Eden ' have been great reads for me this month . Just goes to show you that covers can sometimes be misleading in regards to content . I thought this story was a great blend of romance , adventure , sexual tension , and historical information . I will own up to having fantasies -LRB- when I was younger and more naive -RRB- of wanting to be swept away by an Indian Chief who crackled with virility and smoldering hotness . Every time I watched ` Last of the Mohicans , ' I would often catch myself sighing and dreaming of Unca -LRB- Daniel Day Lewis 's Indian brother -RRB- coming to my rescue and saving me from the brutal British . But I digress ... so anyway ... I found myself at many , many times with a huge grin on my face as I read the passionate love scenes between Elise and her half-breed Reynaurd . But the story is n't just about their romance , it 's also about the history of Louisiana , the French , and the Indian tribes that lived there during the early 1700 's . Jennifer Blake took a few historic occurrences and then wrote a story that firmly plants the reader into the past.Recommend ? Yes . . I would recommend this one especially for those readers that enjoy some great historical fiction with a tastefully written love story intertwined within the pages . There honestly is n't one cheesy thing going on here , it 's not a Harlequin romance , or a book with just sex . Actually , the sex is fairly minimal and like I wrote above it 's very well done . Not a bad way to spend an afternoon ... not at all .
 FIERCE EDEN by Jennifer Blake is a sweeping , vibrant historical tale of love , honor , betrayal and adventure.In 1729 Louisiana , long-simmering tension erupts into violence as the beleaguered Natchez Indians attack the French Fort Rosalie , destroying the fort and the surrounding farms and slaughtering the settlers.Widowed French landowner Elise , after suffering marriage with an abusive husband , has no wish to submit to any man . But in the chaos after the massacre , she must accept the attentions of the half-French Natchez prince , Reynaud , as the price for his protection of her and her little band of survivors.And so begins a far-ranging tale of culture clash and divided loyalties . Rich in in-depth historical detail and fast-paced action , Ms. Blake 's superb novel sweeps you away into a vastly different time and place . Never dull , she draws you into the story of Elise 's and Reynaud 's increasing love for each other against the background of a world in violent transition.Fierce Eden immerses you in cultures far different from our own , but where human nature remains the same . Elise , while a woman of her time , is no passive victim . She fights against her fate , and fails and succeeds in turn . Reynaud , as both French and Natchez , is torn between two worlds and must make the wrenching decision of where to place his loyalties.I love Jennifer Blake . Her novels are exactly the kind of meaty read I adore . Ms. Blake wrote FIERCE EDEN in 1985 and the good news is -- she 's still writing . Even better , she still writes the same wonderful type of story . May she write for a long time to come , so we fans can enjoy her new novels along with her treasures of the past.Linda BancheARC provided by Sourcebooks
 Elise Laffont and Reynaud Chavalier 's trek through the forest to escape mayhem brings to mind the beginning of the Longfellow poem `` Evangeline '' : `` This is the forest primeval . The murmuring pines and the hemlocks , Bearded with moss , and in garments green , indistinct in the twilight ... `` Fierce Eden is a vicarious trip back in history with strong , resourceful , and , of course , flawed characters that are memorable . Their will to live , their determination to hold on to the culture they know , and their resilience is mindboggling -- awesome reading.The Natchez Indian Uprising , after so many years of ill treatment by the French , sets in motion events that start gigantic changes in the social structure of Louisiana Territory in the early eighteenth century . Fierce Eden is spellbinding.Elise Laffont is a widow who has managed her property well since the death of her abusive husband , but her independent ways go against the grain of the many men who want her and her property . She 's been able to meet and beat their challenges until the Natchez Indians attack , killing and burning . Hiding in the forest , with nothing but the clothes on her back , she makes necessary decisions to stay alive . Her back-story gives the reader revealing insight into her survival instincts , her intelligence , and her skill with people.The French-educated Reynaud Chavalier , half Natchez and half French , drives a hard bargain before he agrees to take Elise and other `` on-the-run '' French to a safe post . His own agenda puts him in danger , but he knows what he wants and is willing to take the risk . He seems to embody the best of both cultures in which he was reared . He is unquestionably a hero-though a somewhat flawed one . Even flawed , he is a lover that makes the heart race . To Elise who has suffered at the hands of every man she 's ever known , Reynaud is unbelievable . The freedom of choice he gives her becomes an aphrodisiac to Elise -- the love scenes sizzle.Elise and Reynaud 's love story reaches far past the physical . It shows a love that is loyal , faithful , giving , and felt to the core . However , Fierce Eden is much more than just a love story . It plumbs the depth of the human condition , reveals every one of the Cardinal Sins , yet , shows the compassion and caring that some of the characters never lose even when all hope seems gone . It also showcases how history is made and cultures changed.Jennifer Blake , a master story teller , transports the reader to another time and place as she weaves together incredible descriptions of the environment , historical information , cultural differences , and a fantastic love story to create a tale that will be remembered long after the last page is read . Marvelous reading!Originally posted at The Long and Short of It Romance Reviews
 This was the first historical romance I read and I 've been hooked ever since . I 've read a multitude of books in this genre and love some just as well , but none better . Excellent descriptive writing !
 I was drawn in by the book 's synopsis and after finishing this book in one day I have to say that I am in love with this book and the author . The plot is well laid out and there are clever twists and turns . I look forward to reading many more books from this author .
 An autobiographical account of life keeping lights on the Maine coast , the author born in 1901 grew up in Lubec , Maine , married a man who went into the Lighthouse service , together they served at several light stations for decades
 This book is loaded with charm . Highly recommend it .
 Although I have had this book since 1986 when it was first published , I recently read it for the first time . I met Connie Small when she was living in Foxwell Senior Citizens complex in Kittery , Maine . She was a neighbor to my grandmother and I enjoyed meeting her . I enjoyed reading about her first hand accounts of her many experiences in lighthouse keeping . I would very much like to know if she is still alive . It would seem unlikely since she would be 100 , but I do know she was still living in 1998 . If anyone has information about her , please email me , I would love to write her a note .
 This was the first book I ever read about our days in the Mekong Delta with the American advisors . David Halberstam was one of the first outstanding journalists stationed in Saigon , who came down and covered operations in the Delta in the first years of the war . His writing is intense , and always unfailingly accurate . This story here was one of the early books written about the war , and was a `` bible '' for those of us who were there in the mid-sixties . I flew helicopters out of Vinh Long , just up the river from My Tho , and worked with the 7th ARVN Division quite a bit . I write up my exploits in the book OUTLAWS IN VIETNAM , which is also listed on these Amazon.com pages . I was stationed with the 13th Aviation Battalion during the years of 1966-67 ; nothing had changed much from the accounts Halberstam writes of in ONE VERY HOT DAY . A collector 's fine ; I still need a copy !
 I first read this novel in 1972 , on recommendation from another veteran of the American military advisory effort in Vietnam . David Halberstam captured the essence of the military advisor 's duty , and the ambivalent nature of the US Army 's approach to it , perfectly . From my perspective , as one who performed the duty in less luxurious circumstances than those described in the novel , there were some substantive inaccuracies . However , the inaccuracies are irrelevant when compared to the story in its entirety . I can say that I knew men similar to each of the characters in the novel -- both American and Vietnamese -- and Halbertstam depicted them very , very well . For one who served in such circumstances , even 45 years ago , the novel can evoke emotional responses . For a reader who has experienced military advisory duty anywhere , there should be at least some instances of reminiscence . For other readers , especially for those who would like to grasp something of the Vietnam conflict diffrent from the current conventional wisdom , this is a worthwhile read ... take it from someone who has been there .
 Voorloper -LRB- 1980 -RRB- is a standalone SF novel in the Forerunner universe . It is set on Voor , an agricultural world with a history of mysterious deaths . After fifty years of settlement , a hamlet in the north was wiped out by something since called Shadows . A couple of years later , another town was attacked . Then people in other villages disappeared until all northern hamlets were abandoned and everyone moved south.Only a very few survived the malicious incursions . In one town , only a five year old boy remained alive , but without any memories of his past . In another town , a four year old girl , two infants and a brain damaged women survived the mysterious attack . No other survivors were ever found.The Tangle covers a large area of Voor 's northern plain . It consists of intertwined vegetation with large thorns and deadly properties . It acts as a natural distort , blanking radio and even vision . Aircraft that fly too low above it are brought down into the greenery and seldom recovered . Even blasters are useless against the vegetation.In this novel , Bart s ` Lorn was the only survivor of Mungo Town . His father -- Mac Turley s ` Ban -- was away from the hamlet at the time of the attack , but his mother was among the victims . Bart has been traveling as a voorloper every since his father came and recovered him . His earliest memory is of riding a gar with his father striding beside him.Illo is a survivor of the Shadow attack on Voor 's Grove . She is even younger than Bart , but is a trained healer . She asks Bart 's father for passage to the north and is given permission to accompany them.Mac s ` Ban has been scouting the stricken towns in the north for many years . In the first two or three excursions , he wore a Survey exosuit to protect himself from any noxious substances or lifeforms . Later , he rummaged through the ruins in his normal clothes . Yet he never let Bart go with him into the deserted towns.In this story , a great storm strikes while they are far into the grassy plains . They free the gars and barricade themselves within the wagon . But the storm pushes the wagon across the plains and finally down into a gully.Mac is badly hurt in the final crash . Bart and Illo try to lay him out on the floor , but the wagon in tilted forward with loose cargo all over the place . Illo manages to straighten him out on a board and treats his wounds as best she can.Bart climbs out the front of the wagon over the raging stream that now fills the gully and clambers over the wagon to the rear entrance . He then works the large , heavy cargo crate back from the inside door and the two of them carry the board holding Mac up the bank to solid ground . While Illo continues to treat Mac , Bart climbs back down and takes everything whole and movable out of the wagon.Later that night , Mac tells Bart to take his body back to Mungo Town and then dies . Bart encases Mac in the Survey suit and seals it with glue from the cargo . Then he makes a sledge to carry the body on its way to Mungo Town.Eventually , three gar return and Bart hitches the sledge to the head bull . Then they start traveling toward the Tangle . They follow the Tangle north toward their destination.This tale takes Bart and Illo to Mungo town , where Bart leaves his father 's body and discovers the bones of the inhabitants . There he becomes determined to solve the mystery of the Shadows . He goes with Illo as she ventures to Voor 's Glade to find her own answers.The story is not among the author 's major works . It reworks some scenes and episodes from other novels -LRB- seeThe Beast Master -RRB- and it forces the characters through their actions in a stilted manner . Still , the author has a way of enticing the reader into going back for more . Enjoy!Recommended for Norton fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of alien planets , mysterious happenings , and very determined young people.-Arthur W. Jordin
 This is one of my very favorite Andre Norton books !!!!!! Have read so many times that I have had to buy several copies !! It is so totally amazing how she was always able to grab your attention and keep it !! If looking for a `` fun '' book , this is not for you . However , it is absorbing and does not make one want to scream `` get on with it already '' ! Andre Norton always includes details that as one reads along , one goes -- was that mentioned ? -- yep , it was !! This book is a `` keeper '' for anyone 's collection !
 I 'm not sure which came first
 Little bit of an insider joke from Andre Norton , apparently , is in the title . My Dutch wife informs me that `` Voorloper '' -LRB- FOR-lowper -RRB- is Dutch , and translates directly to English as `` precursor '' or - wait for it - `` Forerunner '' . : - -RRB-
 Greenberg and Tuccille have written an old fachoned lycanthropic thriller with some amusing political undertones . Takes me back to the pleasures I encountered in watching Bela Lugosi . But Ludwig von Dracula is very different from Bela 's Dracula !
 What an incredible compendium . I would like to see the US create something similar to Japan 's Cultural National Treasure and Robert Frost would certainly be included as such .
 For most of us most poets live through a few poems of theirs we have read in anthologies . It may be that in the case of a poet we especially love we have gone and read most of their poetry.This volume presents a wonderful opportunity for the devotees of Frost to have in one book the work of a lifetime.For me Frost is `` The Road Not Taken '' and `` Birches '' and `` Mending Wall '' and a host of scattered lines , '' Good fences make good neighbors '' and '' The land was ours , before we were the land 's '' . Frost is also however , I must admit , for me the poet whose life casts a shadow on his work . Unfortunately perhaps I long ago read parts of the Thompson biography of Frost the central theme of which was his inveterate cruelty to all those around him.All this has left me , you will excuse this , a bit ` cool toward Frost ' and I personally prefer the more musical metrics of Wallace Stevens to the canny , often pithily wise lines of Frost .
 I do not really I believe that all the stuff here merits five stars -LRB- books like these throw in the kitchen sink when covering their subjects -RRB- . Yet , when I ask myself -- `` how can I possibly not give some of the stuff here more than five stars ? '' I can not sufficiently answer the question.A poet like Frost comes around maybe once in a generation -LRB- if we 're lucky -RRB- . Some of his works are undeniably for the ages . This volume is filled with the treasures Frost left to us.Works like `` The Tuft of Flowers , '' `` The Death of the Hired Man , '' `` Blueberries , '' `` The Road Not Taken , '' `` Fire and Ice , '' and `` Mending Wall '' -LRB- a poem that literally changed my life -RRB- are genuine contributions to world literature.A ton of Frost 's poetry is to be found in this edition . I am struck by how consistent and sure he is in his poetry . This man was a great poet . I am not a big fan of reading plays . I 'd rather see them interpreted by actors on a stage . I 'm not going to lie and say Frost was a great playwright -- he was not . But all the same , I am glad to have read the works contained in this volume.I must say that The Library of America 's volume are all handsomely done and attractively presented . The texts are extremely readable for only being in ten-point font . For the most point , I ignored the notes -LRB- I prefer to make heads or tales of things on my own . -RRB- The few that I read surprised me because they actually were enlightening.I recommend this volume most highly .
 Are you someone who buys for the art of the book as much for the art of the contents ? If so , you ca n't do better than any of the stellar titles from the Library Of America series of books ... This splendid collection of Frost will not dissapoint ... One of the many treats of this volume as is virtually true with all of the Library Of America volumes is the ease with which you can hold it comfortably in your hand ... Exclusively thin acid free paper is the secret and this volume packs in a two inch thick volume what normal paper would weigh you down with five or six inches of ... What nice unedited and thorough Frost you get here ! ... Speaking of editing , the true Frost afficionado will want to be sure to avoid items edited by an Edward Latham ... This edition is Latham free and contains Frost 's work as he originally wrote it ... Unfortunately , from the late sixties on , several editions of Frost went forward with unnecessary `` clean up '' editing by this very punctuation weilding word meister ... He added to many editions extra commas and punctuation in places Frost never originally put it ... If you 'd like to read a much more thorough analysis of this than I can describe here , be sure to pick up a copy of writer Donald Hall 's '' Breakfast Served Anytime '' and read the article he wrote exposing Latham and his added cleansing of Frost 's work ... This Library Of America edition captures Frost unedited and at his purest and best ... The reader can choose here from a smorgasbord of outstanding selections and offerings ... Poetry , prose , plays ... there is quite a variety of choice fare offered here ... In the words of Mr. Frost . . '' I 'm going up to the meadow to check the newborn calf , ... I sha n't be long ... You come too ! ''
 Reading Robert Frost aloud is one of the most peaceful interludes in life . I live in New England and taking this volume for a walk in the woods and reading it there makes me more appreciative of nature and the creativity of this great author . I learned to enjoy him at Amherst College , where he once taught , reading an American Literature assignment outdooors on a warm Octobee afternoon . This is the best of the three collections I own . The Library of America publishes quality books and I 'm sure this particular volume will outlive the other Frost collections I own .
 Very attractive , solid and sturdy , materials are very well organized . Not the cheapest , but well worth it -- especially at the discount Amazon provides ... And then there 's the content -- top notch stuff , perfect .
 An excellent book that contains all of this works to perfect form . This book as letters that he sent to other people . I have read this whole book a few times , it is perfect . Get the book .
 Robert Frost was an amazing poet . This is the most complete collection of his writings to include his essays and lectures , which are very instructional for writing and understanding poetry , as well as some letters and short plays . His ideas and explanations were new at the time and not necessarily accepted as he would first `` put them out there '' , but today , our greatest poets seem to have followed his lead with their own creations.Frost was bold , this collection is evasive of time -LRB- still relevant today -RRB- , and complete . I highly recommend this volume to all who are interested in American Literature and one of the best poets America has offered to the world up to and through the 1960 's . David J. Gluck author of `` Life 's Pages ''
 Robert Frost is a unique American voice that many people love . A few reject him , but the majority of those whom he was writing for still love and admire his poetry . His fans always have favorites and can quote lines and whole poems from memory . When a poet gets into people 's memories and hearts it is not a sure sign of greatness , but it is a good indicator of something special.In some ways his works have aged because they are about an America that has passed . One poem that I think catches a lot of the issues surround Frost is `` The Literate Farmer and the Planet Venus '' . This piece is about the electrification of rural America and the strangeness of it all . It talks about the speeding up of life and wonders if the future will simply do away with beds because there wo n't be time to sleep . The poem is set in 1926 , but was published in 1942 as part of `` A Witness Tree '' . I do n't know when it was written , but if it was written around the Second World War its nostalgia seems a bit more cynical to me -LRB- which I suspect to be the case -RRB- . However , if it was written back in the late 1920s then it has more whimsy and an earnest wonder.This poet does have a capacity for irony and bite as well as humor and whimsy . His words are more conversational than lyric and that is fine . They have less music , but a great deal of color and subtle observation . It really does n't matter what any critic says about Frost . He will outlast all of them . What matters is what he says to you . He is certainly a more worthwhile read than most of what gets published nowadays , just expect to have to deal with some words and references to an America from a century ago.This volume from the Library of America is terrific . The table of contents in the front refers to the whole volume . The Collected Poems is the reprint that takes up most of the book and has its own table of contents as well . There is also a chronology of Frost 's life , notes on sources , and many very helpful notes that can help you understand certain references . There is an index of titles and first lines , and an index of prose titles.I always feel grateful to the Library of America whenever I get a chance to read their volumes . Heck , they are simply great to hold and flip through !
 I took a class last semester on Robert Frost , and it was quite an experience . Frost was truly a wonderful poet who deserves every bit of praise he gets -LRB- and who is unfairly ignored in academia it seems -RRB- . His words are so often true and lifechanging and beautiful and honest . Nobody is fully educated until they have read Frost 's classics
 very pleased with this product that is nearly new and was shipped promptly and was was well packed so thanks
 Jay Parini 's ROBERT FROST
 This book will prove difficult or boring for many people , partly due to the vocabulary and partly due to the scope of background knowledge necessary to really enjoy it . The book parodies not only the prose of eighteenth and nineteenth centuries -LRB- as with the page-long sentence on the evils of verbosity -RRB- but also the political and philosophical movements of the time . Throw-away references to experimental physics , ecclesiastical history , etc. will probably lose everyone at some point . I 'm sure I missed some -LRB- or a lot -RRB- of the jokes . As well , the authors are overly faithful to the voice of their narrators . If you do n't have the background to catch the -LRB- often subtle -RRB- barbs , many passages will read as unleavened pedantry.In spite of that , I recommend this book for those with patience . Not as comedy , exactly - though it has hilarious moments , they 're not that frequent . Instead , I 'd place it more in the hazy area of the Princess Bride - a story superficially impossible to take seriously , but ultimately very serious indeed . Beneath the antics , there 's a real message about human nature . The characters may be literally larger than life , but they are complex and compelling.Having a large vocabulary or a willingness to expand it rapidly will help . So will knowing something about nationalism and imperialism .
 Eric Flint has become an established SF Author . However he has more than one style of writing . This book is in an experimental style more related to Rabelais , Cervantes , Voltaire , Swift and Sterne . This book set in `` Joe 's World '' is the second book in this series . Although not main stream in any way it is an enjoyable book and well worth reading . Once read I was hooked into asking `` where is the rest of this story '' , this is quite normal for this style of writing and I await eagerly the next volume .
 Forward the Mage -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is the second fantasy novel in the Joe 's World series , followingThe Philosophical Strangler . This tale overlays the first volume , relating some events occurring between the departure of Greyboar and Ignace from Sundjhab and their meeting with Benvenuti in Sfinctr.In the previous volume , Ignace arranged an engagement for Greyboar to choke the King of the Sundjhab . The King taught the strangler much about philosophy , but Greyboar reluctantly strangled the man anyway . Greyboar and Ignace left town for a while to allow the queen time to cool down.Greyboar met Cat while he was away and invited her for a drink or three after returning to Sfinctr . Greyboar also met Benvenuti in the Sign of the Trough . Ignace hated him on sight . Benvenuti has an idea and would like Greyboar 's assistance.Later , Greyboar learned that Benvenuti had been Gwendolyn 's lover . He still pined for her and took out his sorrow by painting portraits of her in various states of dress . After an initial bit of confusion , they joined in adoration of Gwendolyn.In this novel , Benvenuti Sfondrati-Piccolomini is an artist , He is also very handsome and graceful ; women fall in love with him at first sight . His uncles have trained him in art and survival.Zulkeh is a master sorcerer and a windbag . He also mistreat his dwarf apprentice.Shelyid is a very hairy and ugly dwarf with a pleasant voice . He is paid a shilling a month for taking care of Zulkeh and the household.Greyboar is a professional strangler . He is very tall and built like an ox . He is a member of the Guild of Stranglers and strictly follows their code of professional ethics . His weapons of choice are his hands . Greyboar likes to say that it is all in the thumbs.Gwendolyn is Greyboar 's sister . She is built like her brother , but shorter and voluptuous . They grew up together , but parted when Greyboar left the slaughter house to become a strangler . Gwendolyn is an agitator for dwarf 's rights and objects to Greyboar becoming a well paid thug.Ignace is an old friend of the siblings . He is short , red-headed and freckled and looks like a dwarf compared to Greyboar . He was rescued by Gwendolyn as a child and then grew up with Greyboar . He worked with Greyboar in the slaughter house and then left with him . Now he is Greyboar 's agent and financial manager.Hildegard Laebmauntsforscynneweelds is the abbess of the Sisters of Tranquillity . She has a large storeroom at the abbey filled with notes to and from God.Wolfgang Laebmauntsforscynneweelds is a nephew of Hildegard . He is a madman by self-admission . He also owns the madhouse.Magrit is a witch . She had attended the same school as Zulkeh , but was expelled for seducing him.In this story , Benvenuti arrived in Goimr on the CSS Lucre , which the artist thinks should be renamed the Shipwreck-in-the-Making . The harbor does not impress him and neither does the port building . The only activity is occurring around the Great Grotum Northern . Eastern , Southern , Western , Central and Environs Express and Travel Company -LRB- a subsidiary of THE CONSORTIUM -RRB- , hereafter called the GGNESWC & etc. ; Benvenuti leaves his luggage in a locker and goes out the main archway . He steps aside to let a man hurry by . He is wearing the robes of a Goimr sorcerer and is followed by a large sack . Benvenuti looks closer and notice small legs under the sack.Benvenuti tries to warn the person carrying the sack of an obstacle , but is too late . The fallen sack reveal a dwarf , whom the sorcerer promptly berates . Benvenuti points out that the dwarf had said that he could n't see , so the sorcerer should have warned him of the obstacle.The sorcerer turns red and then leaves the building with the dwarf and sack close behind . Then a black coach pulls up and multiple men get off and out of the vehicle . The coach has red painted letters stating GOIMR SECRET POLICE and in smaller print , Classified Information . Tell no one on pain of death.Benvenuti is the only person left standing in the plaza . So the police promptly seize him . He starts protesting his innocence and they gag him . Benvenuti is going to get a well deserved tongue-lashing from his Uncle Ludovigo.The secret police try to torture a confession out of Benvenuti . Thinks to the training of his uncles , he has iron-hard calluses an inch thick on his feet , so the lashes do n't bother him But he screams and carries on and freely confesses everything that comes to mind . The secret police finally give up and report to the Chief Counselor that he seems to be innocent of the charges.Then they take Benvenuti to see the Chief Counselor . He gives the man a letter from the king inviting Benvenuti to Goimr and a letter of recommendation from the Director of Companies praising his artistic abilities . The Counselor is impressed , but admits that the king is not sane at the moment and is not seeing visitors.Benvenuti pries some money from the Chief Counselor and goes to look for a place to stay . He finds a temporary room is a rundown boarding house , but is up half the night fighting off the rats . First thing in the morning , he reclaims his luggage and goes out looking for someplace with fewer rodents.Rounding a corner , he sees a woman defending herself from a mob of cutthroats . She is picking them up and wringing their necks . After fighting down his artistic impulses , Benvenuti joins the battle . When the thugs are down to three opponents , he is stabbed with a poisoned knife.Benvenuti is out of the fight , but a giant of a man swats the last few thugs with a massive club and then takes Gwendolyn and Benvenuti into the catacombs . When Benvenuti awakes , Wolfgang is asking Gwendolyn about a message sent by Abbess Hildegard . Gwendolyn had been looking for Zulkeh to pass on the message , but had n't been able to find him.Benvenuti remembers the sorcerer at the transportation terminal and mentions to Gwendolyn that Zulkeh had gone to Prygg . Wolfgang decides to go to Prygg to find Zulkeh and Gwendolyn is going to Mutt with news about the Rap Sheet . Benvenuti volunteers to accompany Gwendolyn , hoping for a portrait or two.Meanwhile , Zulkeh and Shelyid are traveling to Prygg on a GGNESWC & etc ; coach . Zulkeh is pontifical and Shelyid is fascinated . They learn about highway men and THE CONSORTIUM rules . Zulkeh and Shelyid finally reach Prygg and meet Greyboar , Ignace and Magrit.This tale eventually brings these people and others together with a grudge against THE CONSORTIUM . The Grotum rebellion is drawing closer . Even the Ozar Senate is noticing the movement.This novel was published ten years ago . Flint has been busy during the past decade , but the Joe 's World series needs a sequel . It is a unique mix of revolution , labor negotiations , lust , and low humor that demands the next installment.Highly recommended for Flint & Roach fans and anyone else who enjoys tales of armed conflict , master sorcerers , and artistic compulsions . Read and enjoy ! - Arthur W. Jordin
 This piece is a companion to THE PHILOSPHICAL STRANGLER . It is a sequel in that it was written after the original but the story line takes place before that of the original book . It is also a collaboration and differences can be seen.The biggest difference to me was the higher level of buffoonery . The characters seem less intelligent than in the original as they wander their way through this magical universe.The wandering in this story is on the part of two principal characters . One is the mage who was called in to interpret the dream of a king . The king goes mad right after hearing what the mage has to say and said mage embarks on a quest to find out who is trying to thwart him.The second wanderer is the artist , Benvenuti , from the original book . Since he was supposed to be hired by the mad king , he now has nothing better to do than wander around looking for the wizard who drove his patron mad . Eventually the two link up and set off on a greater quest.This story is not as interesting as the original nor are the characters as likeable . Still , it is an enjoyable read and well worth the time .
 I actually read this before I read `` The Philosophical Strangler , '' and I liked it more . This was probably the book that got me to realize I should start collecting Flint books.This was also the book that had me laughing out loud in the library . And again . And again . Perhaps it 's because I have the background to appreciate it , as another reviewer mentioned , but the points of view are remarkably well done throughout the whole book and the various historical , social , etc references hilarious in context.I firmly believe that if you are a big fan of dry humor , meta-humor , and absurdist humor , this will be one of your favorite books .
 The authors -LRB- Eric Flint and Richard Roach -RRB- definitely had fun chronicling this book . The frequent changes of viewpoint are confusing at first , due to the very different biases each ` narrator ' has , but once I figured that out , it became even more amusing . There is a lot of satire directed towards the modern-day American way of life - licensing agreements and privacy rights just being a couple of the gorings dealt out . A uniquely flavored novel and definitely not for everyone , but I found it well worth the hardback price .
 Combining prequel and aspects of similarity withThe Philosophical Strangler , `` Forward the Mage '' is full of Rabelaisian nonsense that is certain to confuse and befuddle the average reader , who will likely then put down the book and exclaim `` what nonsense ! This is a terrible book ! what is it even ABOUT !?! '' and that is where their problem arises ! The book really is n't ABOUT anything , outside of a loosely held overall plot about the Rap Sheet , that winds its way through the book like a single glinting thread of gold through a cliff of limestone being washed by the ocean . Why do books always have to be `` about '' something ? Why not just sit back and enjoy the lunacy?The focus bounces back and forth between Zulkeh , sorcerer and pedant , and his apprentice , the dwarf Sheylid ; and Benvenuti Sfondrati-Piccolomini , an artist , as he meets , travels with and falls in love with Gwendolyn Greyboard - THE Greyboar 's sister , of whom we hear in `` The Philosophical Strangler '' and even meet there toward the end of that book . And , to make matters yet more entertaining , the book is purportedly written by a louse - yes , a humble louse ! Living upon none other than Sheylid himself.As is obvious from the above , I rather liked the book . I think it will appeal to anyone with a good sense of nonsensical humour -LRB- those who enjoy Monty Python , Terry Pratchett , etc. -RRB- and who are willing to suspend reality to a fine breaking point and just have fun . Do n't miss it , if I have just described you !
 Like one reviewer mentioned below , this book is not for the squeamish . My friend and I got a kick out of it and we are both die-hard fantasy lovers -LRB- and not very old , either . -RRB- However , those to whom Monty Python and the Holy Grail and The Princess Bride do not appeal completely may wish to avoid this book.That being said , this book contains what every good book does
 Eric Flint and Richard Roach 's Forward The Mage is fantasy writing at its best
 You are drawn in by the people and there various lives aboard a giant star ark The main characters are slowly drawn together to save whats left of mankind
 The book was shipped to me within a week . It is in great condition and everything looks great . Thank you very much !
 It is a rarity to find engaging science fiction about the future with an optimistic political commentary , yet Voyage From Yesteryear combines both science fiction and optimism with considerable intrigue.Future civilizations , unable to traverse the required light years to land on habitable planets , instead send coded DNA to permit new civilisation to grow unhindered by earth 's political problems . Years later , when the distance finally becomes manageable , what is discovered is nothing short of pure utopia ; a society unencumbered with politics , greed , and pride , living far more advanced in so many ways.Hogan has a firm grasp on science and provides interesting characterizations with equally compelling story lines . The completion of this book will leave any open minded person with a very uplifting notion about the possibilities of human development .
 This one has been on my wish list for a long time and it finally made it 's way to the top . It might be pulp fiction , but it was well worth the read .
 This is a little-known but smart book that I would reccomend to any science fiction fan.In James P. Hogan 's entertaining novel , humankind has settled a planet orbiting Alpha Centauri 's primary star . The planet is called Chiron , after one of the few `` good '' centaurs in Greek mythology , and is settled by robots who use stored genetic information to create the first generation of human Chironians . Decades later , after a devastating world war , a newly fascist America sends a starship to claim its colony . Predictably , the Terrans and Chironians come into conflict.This book probably offers the best exploration of an anarchist society in science fiction since Ursula LeGuin 's The Dispossessed . Although some reviewers have criticized Hogan 's depiction of a noncapitalist society , they are clearly stuck in the old-fashioned mindset of communism versus capitalism and incapable of appreciating anything outside that paradigm . The description of the interaction between Terrans and Chironians is evocative of the early European explorers ' accounts of Native America and Hogan 's descriptions of the American 's rationalizations for their encroachment on Chiron are reminiscient of some of the worst chapters of history as well eerily predictive of recent events . His account of the nonthinking aquiesence of some segments of the Terran population to the powermongering of the upper `` echelons '' is similarly spot-on . The book suffers from a large cast of characters , none of whom are really given a chance to develop although this is a criticism often applied to science fiction.Overall , an excellent book . It 's influence can be seen in the popular computer game Sid Meier 's Alpha Centauri .
 I have read this book several times since it was first published and find it enjoyable each time I read it . The chacarters he builds in this book are great . It 's a book to read when you wish to lay back and dream about how good `` US '' humans are ... and how fanatical some of `` US '' can be . If you enjoy Mr. Hogans books you will greatly enjoy this good story . I have read all of Mr. Hogan 's books and enjoy them all . I ca n't wait to see where his next story will take me .
 I read books for `` escapism '' and for the pleasure of reading . I 'm not a political or social scientist , so evaluating a work of fiction on that basis is meaningless to me.Simply put ... It 's a very good story that is both easy to read and hard to put down . I loved it .
 September , 1999 . Madison , WI . Voyage From Yesteryear is one of my favorite books . I 've read at least 4 times and will read it again . Several things struck me after my last reading.The culture described is similar to the culture of open-source software programmers . This culture has been described by Eric Raymond -LRB- an open-source software guru -RRB- as a ` gift culture ' as opposed to an ` exchange culture ' . A gift culture is one where a person 's worth is judged by how much he or she gives away . An exchange culture -LRB- the conventional Amerison/western economy -RRB- values a person by how much power and money he or she possesses . In a money economy it is easy to do bad things
 You are drawn in by the people and there various lives aboard a giant star ark The main characters are slowly drawn together to save whats left of mankind
 On the brink of nuclear war , Earth launches an Alpha Centauri probe that contains blueprints for DNA in digital form , hoping to start a human civilization that can escape the holocaust . Now , decades later , the New American Order -LRB- which sounds pretty fascist -RRB- sends the first mission from Earth to the new colony , only to find that its society is quite different from Earth 's , and in some surprising ways . This is an excellent book , featuring some very imaginative hard SF concepts and far-reaching social commentary . In essence , it amounts to a libertarian manifesto , but in some ways Hogan goes farther than that . I have doubts about how workable his concept would be with a society numbering more than a few hundred thousand souls , but it certainly sounds attractive . Hogan 's writing is expert , and his ear for the voice of the military grunts who are the focus of much of the book 's action is unerring -- kind of an interstellar MASH or Catch-22 , if you take my meaning . This is one that I really did n't want to end .
 This is a novel well worth reading because it makes you think . As always , Hogan is trying to think outside the box , and he tries to make the reader to do the same . In that , he succeeds in this very worthwhile novel.The time is the late 21st century . There has been a third world war , and America and the world has more or less recovered from the aftermath . But America is transformed into a near-fascist state . There are hints that the Asians are practicing liberal democracy and that the Europeans are more or less junior rivals to America.The novel involves a race by the three powers -LRB- America , Europe , and Asia -RRB- to re-establish contact with a colony established on Alpha Centauri 's main planet -- the colony had been jointly established prior to the war . The Americans arrive first , and the clash between the Americans and the colonists is the central theme of the book.The main notion of the book is that people and nations carry their prejudices from generation to generation , and that it may take some form of `` fresh start '' to eliminate these prejudices . Hogan notes that America represented such a fresh start when it was founded , and Americans have shaken off much in the way of class structure and other undesireable components of European culture . Likewise , in his novel , the colonists have made a `` fresh start , '' and have abolished racial prejudice -LRB- or even racial awareness -RRB- , as well as any concept of a market economy or of the anglo-saxon justice system.Hogan 's basic premise makes sense -- that a fresh start such as took place in America might help eradicate ancient prejudices . As he writes elsewhere , if we could somehow get one generation of the folks in Northern Ireland away from their parent 's prejudices , this ancient quarrel would doubtless end for all time.Unfortunately , some of Hogan 's speculation fails to hold water . His replacement for a justice system is having people shoot bad guys out of hand . Only trouble with this is that it is exactly what people used to do a couple of centuries ago . This caused feuding and an endless cycle of family reprisals . So we invented courts . Here , Hogan has us going backwards , candidly probably due to his lack of historical knowledge in this regards . Similarly , Hogan postulates that the Centaurian colonists would abandone money and a market system because everyone would work their fair share and take their fair share -- the notion is that productivity is so high with modern technology that there is no need to ration resources . Nonsense , as the fall of socialism/communism has shown . Human greed is limitless and there will always be a need to somehow ration labor and resources . Here , Hogan makes a nice try that falls flat . These are not major quibbles , by the way.As a novel , Voyage From Yesteryear is so-so . The characters are not well developed , the storyline is murky , and the book rambles . In one sense you always know where it is going -- a clash between the Americans and the colonists . But other than this broad theme , the book rambles erratically . You might think that these flaws render the book mediocre . That is not true . This novel 's strengths are its ideas and speculations about both science and human societies . It is quite readable and does constitute a good read.This is an interesting book with interesting ideas and speculation . It is well worth reading whether or not you agree with all of Hogan 's speculation . This one gets 4 stars . That ai n't bad .
 I find this book a great story , easy to read , diffiuclt to put out.Of course , there are some flaws , technology moved since the book 's been written , but the story does not suffer from that!I 've read it several times and still come back to it from time to time.The author 's beliefs in evolution and mentioned ani-God bias may tweak the noses of some -LRB- mine too a bit -RRB- but let us be honest - that 's how many people see `` The Institutions '' ot the state and the church . And the ideal society of Chironians - ;--RRB- ... it is good to see that some people still believe we humans can escape from our `` bad nature ''
 One of the foundations of SF is examining the consequences of science and technology on society . Here Hogan creates two diametrically opposed societies - those of Earth founded on limited resources and those of the newly colonized planet Chrion having unlimited resources . You wo n't find deep character development in this book , the focus is on the effects of technology on society - what we can become . Telling the story from the viewpoint of solders on the second colonization starship traveling and landing on the planet Chrion , Hogan explores his vision of what humanity can be . Chrionians value and trade respect , possessions are in abundence and free from automated factories . On the second colonization starship traveling from a militarized Earth , imagine the consequences to those powers to be when character matters ! Unlimited resources you ask ? Hogan postulates , the mind is a unlimited resource .
 This story is about what could be built in the future if only we put away our old ideas . Our ideas about money , physics , government , military force and the nature of mankind . A fan of James P. Hogan knows what I am talking about . This book would also be good for fans of Robert A. Heinlein , L. Neil Smith or even L. E. Modesitt , Jr. . Great ending that I did n't see coming the first time I red it . Almost wish there was a sequel !
 A few years ago I bought a second hand copy of this book . During this time I must have read it at least once a year . I like it that much.It is a book about what humanity could aspire to become if we can put away the mistakes of the past and present.The arguments I 've read that this is a unrealistic fantasy ... . this is a book of fiction that portraits the thought and maybe the wishes of the author . You can agree with them or not.This is one of the few books that I would recommend to a beginning SF reader . It is not too difficult and a pleasure to read , and unlike many other books you are not left with a feeling of light depression because every main character died or had some other terrible fate happen to them.If you are interested in other works of Mr. Hogan I would recommend ` The Giant Novels ' and ` The Genesis Machine ' .
 I loved this book , and have read it many times . I especially love the quasi-utopian society it depicts . I really think that a society like that could work , at least in basic principal . The Chironians are all very decent , logical , interesting people . I do think their habit of always carrying guns , and being very free in their use of them , although only for self-defense , is a bit troubling . That would be something that would definitely require a major change in the characters of our society 's individuals . But that , along with the idea of trading in respect , rather than money -LRB- as long as their are sufficient commodities to satisy everyone -- and that too would take some modifications in character , which would require teaching people through media and education -RRB- , I think could and would be a very good thing .
 One of my favorite books . Have read it at least 4 times . Wish I had never sold my Sci-Fi book club edition ; because now I will have to pay more to get a new copy . This book along with The Healer -LRB- F. Paul Wilson -RRB- and The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress -LRB- RAH -RRB- changed my views on government and politics and freedom . It 's also a damn fine story . I was up in the wee hours reading this book . Good hard SF and social commentary . Remember ; reality is for those who ca n't handle science fiction .
 Thought provoking look at what would happen in a world of sovereign individuals not bound by ideology , religious dogma or economic restraints , who have to defend their civilization against a well armed , fanatical aggressor - without killing the 30,000 people aboard the invader ship .
 I am using my wife 's sign-in to post this review.As someone with very unusual perspectives and as one who has read a couple of thousand science fiction novels over the years , I thought I 'd throw this in.My perspectives are framed by anarcho-communist-futurist-transhumanist thinking most of which is heavily rejected by U.S. society.That may be cause to ignore what i have to say unless you share that thinking.I actually read ` Voyage From Yesteryear '' years before becoming either a futurist or an anarchist and just today revisited the themes of the book and found that , as I remember it -LRB- and I will have to re-read it -RRB- the book 's overall plot and themes were one of the best ways of describing an anarchic , communist and a democratic future society as Ray Kurzweil , Peter Diamandis and a host of other techno-futurists and transhumanist envision it . Essentially it is an anarchic -LRB- no formal government -RRB- society of material abundance and where intelligent machines have released all humans from having to work and their day-to-day lives are pretty much what we anarchists envisioned as an eventuality which would take maybe 100 years to achieve but now which the -LRB- so far very accurate -RRB- futurists have predicted will come about within 30 years . -LRB- Foxconn , the Apple manufacturing plant in China will be installing one million robots in 2013 . -RRB- In that society , capitalism is long gone and is both unnecessary , unworkable and unwanted.Yes there is quite a bit of militaristic brutality and exhibitions of immorality and imperialism so as to villify the bad guys but it all goes together quite nicely and I thought the surprise at the end was just perfect.Not for Ayn Rand fans .
 The problems workbook itself is very useful . But when unsure how to do certain problems , the solutions book gave very explicit step by step solutions . This book was definitely sufficient to take the AP test . The only minor inconvenience was that it did n't show the problems in the solution 's guide , it showed just the solutions . So I had to flip back to the other workbook . Other than that , it was very informative .
 This book contains large , color , four-panel foldouts of 36 types of historical warships . These foldouts include a detailed cut-away view showing the interior layout of the vessel , additional descriptive views , sail plans -LRB- if applicable -RRB- , actual photos -LRB- if the subject is still extant -RRB- , and an excellent descriptive blurb . All details on the cut-away are numbered and indexed to a list of features . The historical range is from classical Rome to the modern age and includes primarily western warships . The ships described are as follows
 This is but yet another Grand Slam for Arthur Upfield . His numerous Inspector Napoleon Bonaparte mysteries are each a joy to the mystery reader , especially for those who particularly savor the works of Christie , Tey , Sayers , Rinehart , and Ellery Queen.Here the half-caste inspector -LRB- he 's half Aborigine , half Caucasian -RRB- is called in to investigate a small -LRB- and stolen -RRB- plane that has landed in the Australian Outback with one passenger , a young lady who was apparently comatose when it landed ! But the plot thickens as this gal 's condition continues to deteriorate and `` Bony '' -LRB- as all his friends call him -RRB- is working against time to save her life.A drunken physician , a suspicious foreman , two indigenous farm hands , and many other colorful characters serve to heighten the reader 's delight in this suspenseful tale . And it 's not a spoiler to all Upfield fans to know in advance that Bony always solves his cases.This entry is at least as good asMurder Down Under . Highly recommended !
 First published in 1936 , Wings above the Diamantina is a feast of daring skullduggery , bizarre Outback weather and exotic Aboriginal folkways.Detective Inspector Napoleon Bonaparte -LRB- Bony -RRB- is sent out to the Coolibah homestead to investigate an astonishing occurrence . A little red monoplane , stolen from the flying circus , was found in a dry lake with a young woman strapped inside . She appears to be asleep but , in fact , a strange paralysis has gripped her . Only a subtle gleam in her eyes reveals that her mind is still functioning.It soon becomes clear that the aeroplane was meant to go up in flames , and the young lady with it . Her survival is a kind of aerodynamic miracle , and as long as she lives , she 's in grave danger.Bony is the best detective in Australia , a half-caste with talents drawn from both the white race and the Aboriginal . But he 'll also draw on the talents of others to overcome the obstacles in this case . The young woman 's identity is a mystery , as is her condition . There are no tracks by the plane . And he 'll have to subdue the racial prejudices of everyone around him to get the cooperation he needs.At every turn , freakish weather slows down the investigation , but floods , storms and sand clouds are thrillingly described . Upfield rewards the reader not just with a perplexing mystery , but also with amazing verbal snapshots of the weird weather and cruelly beautiful landscapes of the Outback.There 's a fascinating cast of characters , including quirky lawmen , a drunken flying doctor , giant pet lizards , a resourceful villain , a loveable old Aborigine chief , and a dauntless pair of Aborigine trackers.Upfield 's work is an endangered species , fast going out of print . Wo n't some enlightened publisher please , please reprint all the fabulous Bony mysteries ? In absence of that , I 'd advise vintage mystery lovers to grab up all the Upfield novels they can find . This is a great one .
 Before Tony Hillerman 's justly popular Native American police officers , we had Arthur W. Upfield 's -LRB- 1888-1964 -RRB- `` Bony '' , the `` half-caste '' genius of the Australian police force . Never has he failed successfully to wrap up a case , almost always he has earned the respect of the `` white '' Australians , other than the criminals , who have been involved . These books are all well-written , with interesting backgrounds , and adequate plots within which Bony '' can strut his stuff . It is a series dated in no respect , except , perhaps , in the attitudes displayed by some of his antagonists and , even , law-abiding citizens of the day . I can commend the whole series to any reader , of mysteries or other genres of light fiction , for its characters and ambiance.This is a 1936 entry in the series , requiring our master detective not only to find the thieves of an airplane but also the perpetrators of some type of assault upon an innocent young woman found paralyzed in the plane . It is possible that the average reader may unravel the puzzle of what ails the woman as her physicians can not , but it makes no difference to one 's involvement with the story and its characters . As usual , the nature of life in parts of Australia more than 70 years ago shares the spotlight with the featured and supporting players and the plot . i think you will enjoy it .
 If you like detective novels you should enjoy this one . It is well written . Set in the Australian outback , the detective , Napoleon Bonaparte , is half white , half aborigine and makes full use of his native skills . He informs the reader of the progress he is making in solving the mystery as he discovers the clues , while still maintaining the suspense . This is an interesting and complex mystery .
 The product was shipped quickly , and in good condition . I was happy with the purchase , and I would buy from this seller again .
 I loved the way the author brought in stories of various children . I felt like I got to know the children throughout their stages of development . A great textbook !
 I order this book and received it 2 days later ! You would never know it was used , it looked brand new and had no marks at all . Will definately use this company in the future ! Thanks
 The book was in the same condition as it was described . I received the book in only a few days . Plenty of information and pictures .
 The book I received was in excellent condition and arrived fast . Unfortunately , my professor did not require the text only an on line Virtual Child . I returned the book and was given a prompt refund . Thank you so much for your great customer service .
 Arrived just in time -LRB- test next week : / -RRB- . Thanks !! Only side note is there is a lot of hight lighting in the book . But , that 's the price you pay for a used book .
 The purchase was suppose to be just good or acceptable , but I was impressed by how good it was . It is highlighted , but those highlights were originally apart of the book , so it was practically new and not hardly used . It 's easy to read and just what I needed for class ! I would have liked to know how big it was going to be though . Thanks !
 This book is on great condition and arrived promptly to my home even on a holiday weekend .
 I received the book in a decent time frame and I was not disappointed with the book . I would buy from this person again .
 Ca n't really get too excited about this -LRB- because it was from a class a number of year ago -RRB- but Amazon did deliver a good quality copy for many $ 's cheaper than the campus book store .
 Product was as described and was received quickly and packaged well . Would do business with this seller again .
 As a Forensic Psychologist I use this text and recommend it to clients to better understand and appreciate the psycho-developmental needs of their children . Of particular interest to most of those parents are the diverse tables which clarify the expected and unique behaviors of children by age group . This provides those parents with a guide book to assist them in child rearing through age 18 . That reference material not only facilitates the parent 's understanding of the needs of the child , but also better prepares more effective parenting skills and preparation for developmental issues which are significant in custody and visitation -LRB- or access -RRB- legal questions . Parents have reported developing a feeling of confidence since they are using scientific data in making parenting decisiions . Legal authorities -- judges and attorneys -- have felt more confident in their recommendations , opinions , and decisions which are based upon evidence . -- Swen Helge , Ph.D. .
 The book is well written and very interesting . I do n't mind reading it unlike other textbooks . Was a little nervous about it not getting it in the mail before my class started , but it did get shipped and delivered right on time .
 I bought this book for a class ; psychology is something I dread and have a difficult time reading psych textbooks . This book , however , is easy to read . I like the stories at beginning of each chapter ; it sets up what the author will be discussing throughout the chapter nicely .
 Hi , I love how the book divides the development of human beings by age , physical development , socio-emotional development , and cognitive development . I also love how the important words are highlighted .
 Book was fun and interesting to read . Had easy to read charts and was informative . Highly Recommended !
 This book is a really good read , does well with the expansion on child psychology , and theories . Great text but is more along the serious side of learning about these children and the effects of the world around them . A little less challenging then a chemistry book but you really have to pay attention . Well written overall .
 Even though this was a text for my course i think I read this book cover to cover . i still use it now that I have my own 2 year old daughter . Berk makes everything so clear with explanations that are easily understood and uses examples that one can relate to .
 I needed this book for my class , and did n't want to spend the money for the new 7th edition . The book is in great condition and I received it just in time .
 I was able to buy this textbook for only ten dollars including shipping ! My classmates were skeptical of such a low price and assured me the book would be in terrible condition . But they were wrong ! There is not one note , highlight , or writing on the margins . The book looks practically new .
 If you are planning to have a child , or have a child of any age this is the book you want to read to learn about all parts of their development . It covers everything from pregnancy and up . In fact it covers before pregnancy too .
 If you lived in Maryland , but now live someplace else and sometimes pine for good old fashioned Maryland cooking , this is the book for you . The recipes run from `` Mock Turtle '' soup -LRB- made with a calf 's head -RRB- to `` Green Tomato Soy '' sauce . But what you probably are looking for is seafood recipes . Of course there are crabcake recipes as well as baked rock fish and fried oysters . But do you have a recipe for `` Oyster Pye '' ? If not , this is the place to get the recipe.Just so you do n't think all Marylanders eat is seafood , there is also many recipes for meat as well as poultry . There are also some awesome dessert recipes , such as strawberry rhubarb pie as well as lemon cookies.If you 've missed the taste of Maryland cooking , or maybe you just want to find out about this regional cusine , you should by the book .
 I first looked through this cookbook in another lady 's kitchen . She had it all earmarked and I could tell she had tried many of the recipes . I knew this lady was a great cook , so I ordered it myself . I 'm pretty picky about which cookbooks I keep . This one is very nice . I love all the seafood recipes . A classic .
 The authors of this book were friends of my mothers ' and they gave Mom 2 books , one for her and one for me when I got married.I am 62 now and have used this book more than any other I own . My kids and grandkids continually ask for many of the recipes from this book . Corn bread Elizabeth is one of their favorites as is the pecan pie that is a staple during the holidays . If you love good old fashioned food and love the experience of cooking for your family and friends then you should try this cook book . Because its really old recipes that go back a few centuries there 's not a lot of explanation of how to do certain things . You probably should know a little about cooking to use this book . ie
 This was my first foray into this world , a wonderful world of humble , faithful and consistent people of God . This is an appealing start for people such as me as each chapter has an illuminating bit of background about the original translators of the individual works . The wisdom and godliness of the individual men and women is an excellent example and challenge for us.However , the general introduction , as well as some of the chapters ' introductory remarks , assume a knowledge of antiquarian works that wo n't be common , and is often pedantic.Overall , this book inspired me to learn more about the men and women shown , and I heartily commend this book to those interested in the true beginnings of Christian spirituality , and has much to give .
 Sayings of the early Christian monastics and stories of their lives of austerity and prayer in the Egyptian deserts have appeared as `` flavoring '' in books like Norris ' Cloister Walk . This sturdy volume gathers up many of these tales and wisdom teachings in a clean , readable translation that also sports an encellent introduction which frames and contextualizes this ancient part of our Christian heritage . Waddell calls her book `` a case book of spiritual direction , ironic and wise '' -LRB- p 24 -RRB- , and indeed it can encourage and inspire the reader today . The abbess Matrona could be speaking to our modern urges and contradictions when she says , `` It is better to have many about thee , and to live the solitary life in thy will , than to be alone , and the desire of thy mind be with the crowd '' -LRB- page 72 -RRB- . If other stories strike the modern ear more harshly -LRB- `` The abbot Arsenius said , `` It sufficeth a monk if he sleep for one hour
 These earliest of monks take Christ 's admonition `` to sell everything and follow Him '' to heart . With deep austerity , and prayer they follow a path utterly dedicated to a spiritual life . Despite their austerity , there are at times a surprising expressions of personality , and even community among the solitaire cells and companionship of the monks . There are stories of hermits with lions as companions , of sustainment of a few herbs or palm leaves , of them helping thieves stealing from them , or selling Gospels to help the poor . However these monks are humble in their faith , and a lesson often repeated in these stories is humility and compassion for temptations that they themselves feel . The temptations of women , and even a monks ' expression of Pelagia `` the harlots '' beauty was surprisingly sensuous . It may seem impossible for us to be isolated like this , but we can quest for solitude as abbot Antony said `` Who sits in solitude escapes from three wars
 Some thirty years ago I received the Benedictine habit in the Abbey of Saint Pierre in Solesmes , France . My Prior at that time was the Reverend Father Dom Lucien Regnault . Anyone interested in the Desert Fathers would do better to go to the Solesmes homesite and search their `` librarie '' -LRB- bookstore -RRB- for the works of Dom Regnault which are unsurpassed for scholarship and spiritual orthodoxy . Dom Regnault 's several works in this field -LRB- or , rather , desert -RRB- are beyond compare , and tragically many are now out-of-print . I cherish mine very much.This present volume comes through the Vintage Spiritual Classics series . Catholic readers should know this as a section of Random House -LRB- who first brought us under Bennet Cerf the greatest novel of our time
 The Desert Fathers is an interesting insight into how the Desert Fathers lived their lives and practiced their faith . The preface written by M. Basil Pennington makes an interesting observation that John the Baptist might have been influenced by the Essene/Qumranite community that was in that region of Palestine . John 's behavior may seem bizarre to the modern-day reader , but the Essenes were already practicing similar behavior in their desert asceticism , and John was revered as a holy man -LRB- Waddell , xxv -RRB- . Waddell 's translation can be difficult to understand at times , but overall the book is interesting and insightful , and at points bizarre and unsettling . For example , St. Jerome 's account of the hermit Antony 's encounter with a hippocentaur and a faun/satyrs is extremely peculiar . Jerome even claims that a faun/satyrs was captured alive and brought to Alexandria during the reign of Constantius . The creature was either killed , or just died , and its remains were then preserved in salt -LRB- Waddell , 37-38 -RRB- . Furthermore , Jerome states that lions came and dug the grave for the hermit St. Paul -LRB- Waddell , 42 -RRB- . These reports are extremely difficult for the modern-day reader to accept as being historically accurate , and the reader is left wondering if this account is meant to be allegory , and not an actual historical account.However , it is interesting to read how the monks had some competitiveness among themselves , and of Jerome 's love of classical works -LRB- Waddell , 45-46 -RRB- . There are several accounts of monks being well educated and possessing codices of Scripture . The monk Gelasius had a `` codex in parchment worth eighteen solidi '' -LRB- Waddell , 125-127 -RRB- . The monk Arsenius is described as a `` great scholar '' of Latin and Greek -LRB- Waddell , 122 -RRB- . Even though there was infighting among some of the monks , it appears that the majority of the Desert Fathers , in their solitary lives , showed great compassion and concern for one another : If by chance any one is missing in that gathering , straightway they understand that he has been detained by some unevenness of his body and they all go to visit him , not indeed all of them together but at different times , and each carrying with him whatever he may have by him at home that might seem grateful to the sick . -LRB- Waddell , 58 -RRB- There kindness to each other and those in need is commendable.Racism seems to have always been with us . Pelagius wrote of the monk Moses `` the ` long black man ' who was converted from among the robbers , and was liable to gibes about his colour '' -LRB- Waddell 65 -RRB- . This same desert abbott Moses was humble , but so revered that a provincial judge sought to meet with him -LRB- Waddell , 99 -RRB- . The desert monks ' lives were lives of fasting , and it appears from the writings that since fasting was such a huge part of their lives they developed a fixation on food . Many of the stories relate to how they often only ate very small portions of food , and frequently that was mere bread and salt . One story relates how an old ailing monk , at the urging of the his fellow monk , ate some cake in hopes of aiding in his recovery , but the cake was accidently spread with linseed oil instead of honey -- which likely killed the old monk . The underlying , and untold , moral is that such an indulgence deserved punishment -LRB- Waddell , 142 -RRB- . Woman , too , are a source of temptation for the monks . There are several stories about the monks ' struggles with lust . One young monk who refused to be tempted by women went on a journey with his mother , and wrapped his hands in his cloak to prevent from touching his own mother 's hands -- for fear of lust , `` Because the body of a woman is fire . And even from my touching thee , came the memory of other women into my soul '' -LRB- Waddell 79 -RRB- . There are also some more fanciful accounts of desert monks being tempted by women . In another account , the temptress actually dies and the monk raises her from the dead to live a new chaste life -LRB- Waddell 86-87 -RRB- . This same theme is found at the end of the book in the story of The Life of St. Mary the Harlot -LRB- Waddell 199-209 -RRB- . However , there are also accounts of pious women who also lived the desert life -LRB- Waddell , 131 , 138 -RRB- . The life of the dessert monk was one of denial and sacrifice , but also compassion and love for others . This interesting book gives the reader a glimpse into the lives of this devoted men and women .
 Jim Applewhite appears as a protagonist in V. S. Naipaul 's Turn In The South . That 's where I first encountered his poetry . I rushed to amazon.com , only to find that most of his works are out-of-print but miraculously available . Chinaberry Tree is the first collection to arrive in my hands , and it seems that I 've waited a long time - years - for a lyric poet of Applewhite 's skill and zest to emerge from my own generation . He 's the heir to Jarrell and Roethke . He puts LANGUAGE back in poetry and poetry back in English . I wo n't encumber this recommendation with analysis of his themes . Read him for the pleasure of it .
 _ Heroes of Civilization _ is Cottler and Jaffe 's attempt to give brief biographical sketches of some of the most important scientists of the last few centuries . Their stories are of course somewhat dated now , but they still capture the thrill and charm of scientific discovery . PAsteur and Robert Koch are among those profiled . Appropriate for children .
 ** This is the only book that Schure 's masterful drama is given in an English translation . ** This book is so rare , and I mean so rare that I had to go to a small town called Dornach in Switzerland to find it !!! And of course , it is out-of-print , and so unknown that it will probably never be re-printed again in history ... not to say even performed , unless a Schure enthusiast like myself undertakes a task like that!This is the play that the philosopher Rudolf Steiner took as the model to his own 4 Mystery Dramas . Schure -LRB- who was friends with the composer Richard Wagner -RRB- was one of Steiner 's greatest admirers , and vice versa , and interestingly enough Schure was the one to introduce Steiner to his future wife Marie von Sivers!This play by Schure is really a monument to all ancient Drama and heralds in the new Dramatic form taken up by Rudolf Steiner . A wonder and deep inspirational experience .
 Great language , humor and wonderful story telling are hallmarksof Gerald Durrell 's books . Always enjoy reading them . I got thisfor my son on his 11th birthday . I think it will also help himgreatly improve his vocabulary .
 Delightfully replete of some of the best portraits of people ever written -- in addition to Durrell 's magnificent descriptions of the animal and insect life he encounters while living with his family on Corfu . The pure goodness of the people touches and reaffirms the meaning of meaningful lives.Judith ClancyKyoto , Japan
 Gerald Durrell is the younger brother of Lawrence Durrell . The island of Corfu lies off of the Albanian and Greek coastlines . The family settled there to escape the deary English weather.Gerald 's mother fought a losing battle with the Greek language . The family members became familiar with all of the peasants in the region . Gerald had a tutor named George who was an adept of fencing and an adult scientist friend named Theodore.Gerald visited the rock pools while his sister swam . Margo 's sun bathing bothered a church functionary , a monk . Gerald sought permission to follow a fisherman , to accompany him in his boat when he fished at night . The fisherman used a trident to catch scorpios.There was a myrtle forest near the family 's house . Gerald received a rich dark brown donkey for his birthday . The donkey was used by Gerald to transport things . Larry brought home friends , artists and writers , and brought home an artist who could play the accordian , Sven.Theordore had told a countess that Gerald , who was a fairly young boy at the time , was a naturalist and had a number of pets . The countess offered to give him a white owl who had an injured wing . Gerald went to fetch it and to meet her on his donkey.He wanted to add baby hedgehogs to his menagerie . When he went away for a weekend his sister overfed them and they died . The book is joyous and colorful . The snippets above are used to give the reader a sense of what to expect .
 The books arrived in perfect condition and in very good time . I am completely satisfied .
 I eagerly read this after `` My Family and Other Animals '' -LRB- which I had enjoyed immensely -RRB- . It contains stories which were omitted from `` My Family '' and while the offerings were still magical and wonderfully well-written and sometimes hilarious -LRB- especially the story about the turtle -RRB- , it lacked the memorability of its predecessor . There was also no real structure in the order of the stories , this is more of a miscellaneous collection .
 The second book on his family 's 5 years in Corfu , it follows in the footsteps of My Family and Other Animals as a brilliantly funny and fascinating book . Mr. Durrell has kept me in stitches for over 16 years and with each reread , I find myself enjoying the book more
 This book is a neccessity for every parent and child . It is very educational according to many schools , but for a child it is the most entertaining book I have ever read . Full of the dry humour Gerald Durrell is famous for , in the tradition of its parent book , '' My family and other animals '' , it has the power to keep readers enthralled for hours . Be prepared to laugh when you read this book , it is one of those classics which have been made into countless plays in countries worldwide , without boring a single person
 I read Gerald Durrell 's books 10 years ago , while I was still living in Romania . I loved his books from the first page to the last and literally I could n't put them down until I finished them . The best humour I ever met in books ! His stile is unique . I am planning on reading all of them again in English . I would recommend them to anyone !
 As always , Gerard Durrell 's works make me want to hop on a flight to Greece right now . His imagery of the lush flora and fauna there make it seem irresistible to anyone , especially small boys . Though it was an enjoyable read , it seemed a bit too similar to My Family and Other Animals , as though this sequel was everything he had forgotten to put into the first one , which is exactly what the author states in the introduction . This book seemed to focus a bit more on the animals , less on the comical family , and though sea life is fascination , crustaceans do get a bit old . This book is very relaxing to read , and almost makes you feel like you are a little boy again . Slow paced and funny , this enjoyable book put Corfu at the top of my list of places to go .
 I have been a huge fan of Gerald Durrell 's books since childhood , especially the ones that his family features in , predominantly . This is the follow up to My Family and Other Animals and it is just as much fun!Highly recommended .
 It takes me awhile to finish Durrell 's books . They 're not meant to be hurried through . When I do finish I 'm a little sad , because I want him to just keep telling me more and more stories.I was afraid this one might not measure up to the first one , My Family and Other Animals . But this second one was every bit as enchanting and entertaining as the first . The two books give an account of the years the Durrell family spent living on the Greek island of Corfu in the 1930s . Gerry was the youngest in his family by a far margin , and was only about 10 years old when they moved from England to Greece . He spent these years as a budding naturalist , roaming the island collecting specimens and pets of every variety
 This is another wonderful books of Gerald Durrell 's memories of his time on the island of Corfu prior to the Second World War . He takes us back to another time and place before the world changed for good.Each chapter is a separate story and rememberence of those days when as a young man he marvels at not only the natural world around him , but also the various people he encounters and learns to appreciate . It is easy to get lost in one of these stories and feel like you are there with him on a hot summer day with his faithful dogs tagging along beside him.I recommend this book to anyone who not only loves nature , but also can appreciate a time gone by when people were different and even strangers were looked as guests . This book is one that I intend to read again and again in the coming years and will appreciate the stories just much each time as the first time .
 Bought these books for my grand children . My own children loved them and thought they should be in every bookcase ...
 Another of the Corfu trilogy , this book is filled with Mr. Durrell 's early explorations of nature in the Greek Islands , his quirky family , and his wonderful friends on the island .
 This book is packed with evidence that flies in the face of all the `` common knowledge '' about weight , dieting and health . It 's a does a great job of presenting a whole new , well supported point of view on the topic . Anyone who 's ever worried about their weight or gone on a diet should read this .
 Suppose you are , like me , a software engineer who never actually studied CS beyond junior level undergraduate ` data structures ' ... and now you have to work on something involving complicated pattern matching ... this is how to do it
 Having purchased this book as a supplement to Winston 's course at MIT , I can very highly recommend it as a very comprehensive , up-to-date , well written text summarizing the field . The book covers essentially all of the topics pertenant in modern AI with enough detail for a complete implementation without being overly technical . I strongly recommend it to anybody looking to build intelligent systems or to anybody simply perusing the field for abstract ideas .
 This book serves as an excellent introduction to what is in reality a very broad topic . Not meant for serious research into any one particular area of AI , the text is excellent for undergraduates -LRB- with questions that are n't worded too badly - a rarity in AI texts -RRB- . More advanced AI topics are given short shrift -LRB- as is typical -RRB- , but are covered in sufficient depth to give students an idea of how they work -LRB- three chapters worth if I 'm not mistaken , more than most texts -RRB- .
 This is a good supplement to `` AI - A Modern Approach by Russell and Norvig '' . The students and myself found the examples and illustration to be of great value in the understanding of the concepts . Would be great if authors could links references on the web for more information . Good book for the delivery of AI at foundation level .
 My business used this book to help us rethink our analysis of credit and prepaid card fraud . While the material itself has been around for some time , it helped us develop new methods of detecting potential fraud .
 It 's too bad that MIT OCW does n't have a series of video lectures to accompany this textbook . But then again , if the textbook is good enough , it wo n't need lectures .
 Well not exactly , P.H. Winston gives a great introductionto just how complicated intelligence is ! Fortunately , he 's a highly experienced carbon based terrian , soyour neurons will be abuzz on endorphins.If you want real intelligence on AI , READ IT !! NASA Update
 I was assigned this book for my Anthropology Class . I am actually a History major , and I often find anthropological readings boring , this book is interesting because it combines anthropological look at society and historical research and interpretation . It was easy to read , and engaging from the very beginning .
 The fascinating thing about the Salem Witch Trials is that we will never know for sure what caused the extreme hysteria . The witchcraft phenomenon in general is now fairly well understood in terms of its psychodynamics . But what made the Salem tragedy so extreme ? I suspect it was a number of factors . Phenomena are rarely simple . In Salem Possessed , the authors do an admirable job of analyzing the social background against which the outbreak occurred , a task that has not been done as thoroughly and minutely in any other source that I 've encountered . The sections on the Putnams , the Porters , and Samuel Parris are particularly instructive , and the explanation of these families ' relationships with some of the victims is eye-opening . Does this book explain the why 's of this traumatic event in American history ? Partially , yes . Therefore its value should not be understimated . Salem Possessed is a must-read for any student of Salem .
 Boyer and Nissenbaum undertook their research to explore the interaction between everyday life in Salem , Massachusetts and the extraordinary events of the witchcraft trials . They researched the court records of the trials , personal accounts , census records , and church documents to understand the motivations behind the accusations . Boyer and Nissenbaum conclude the accusations sprang from different political , social , and economic views of the direction for Salem and the Massachusetts Bay colony.The village of Salem experienced civil discontent for years prior to the violence of the witchcraft trials . The townspeople were divided into factions centering around the Putnam and Porter families . The Putnams supported the old order , pursued a primarily agricultural way of live , resisted efforts to introduce mercantilism into Salem Village , and wanted independence from Salem Town . The Porters linked themselves to larger community , engaged in commerce , accepted incorporation with Salem Town , and resisted separatist efforts . These competing ideologies divided the community.The selection of ministers , including Samuel Parris , provided a focus rather than a cause for the animosity . The witchcraft trials tapped into this rancor and intensified the enmity between the sides . The struggles concerning witchcraft reflected a conflict over the economic future of the town.Boyer and Nissenbaum reevaluate the witchcraft trial in their study . The events in Salem Village happened because of the unique conditions of that community . Salem Village lacked autonomy and power , but had a taste of independence through their separate meeting house . These conditions fostered the spread of the accusations.The authors argued that the adults in Salem Village interpreted the behavior of the girls to suit their political and social goals . Northampton , Massachusetts experienced similar incidents in 1735 . Their minister interpreted the occurrences as the hand of God , rather than the work of the devil . The Salem ministers saw the devil 's work because of underlying social and political tensions.Boyer and Nissenbaum show the economic differences between the witches and victims by mapping their residences . The former advocated continued economic diversification and mercantilism , and aligned themselves with Salem Town . The latter group came from an entrenched agrarian contingent who experienced economic dislocation and loss of status because of the limited amount of arable land . They felt pressured to join the new order and resisted this development . This underlying tension strengthened the accusations.Boyer and Nissenbaum 's book contains an innovative approach using social and economic factors to understand the phenomenon . Quantitative methods provide a useful tool to study this period . The book illustrates the underlying economic component of this issue .
 Being a genealogy/historical records buff , I loved Salem Possessed . Rather than relying on court records or newspaper articles , the authors look at previously overlooked records to discover the origins of the Salem with trails . The authors use Parris 's sermons , wills , civil court records , tax records , censuses , and more . The books ' thesis is that the witch trials sprung from personal power struggles , family legacies , and societal conflicts between agrarian and commercial lifestyles . A must read for anyone who thinks they know about the witch trials .
 The material contained in these pages may no longer suffice for a complete explanation of Salem 's 1692 witchcraft hysteria and trials , but it is still relevant and the presentation is absolutely absorbing and thought provoking . A must read ...
 Needed for class . It got the job done . Interesting book and I 'm glad I had to read it . Would recommend .
 Finally , someone to take the hocus pocus out of this period of history and actually try to make some sense out of a sociological phenomenon gone wildly awry . While others relied on the tabloid type accounts of events left behind in court depositions , Nissenbaum and Boyer get into the nitty gritty to show you what really happened . Accessing Parris 's sermons , wills , seemingly unrelated civil conflict court records , tax records , censuses , and more , this book starts from the beginning - the founding of Salem Village and takes you step by step through the most likely scenario of what really happened in this conflict in terms of personal power struggles , family legacies , societal conflicts between agrarian and commercial lifestyles and so on . This book also changed my perspective on the Puritan way of life and stirred my interest in the Great Awakening of 1751 which had similar outbreaks as the `` spectral evidence '' of Salem but was interpreted in a wholly different way .
 One of the great things about not being the first reviewer of a book , is that you can feel free to limit yourself to a discussion of what you felt was important about the book to your own point of view , since most of the other reviewers will have covered some of the more general issues about the book.Like the lead reviewer , I do not buy into the authors ' sociological conclusions regarding the origins of the Salem Witch trials . But that does not mean this is not a very valuable book for those who study this subject . Since it does end with a socio-economic explanation of events , it marshalls and displays an impressive amount of evidence regarding the state of Salem Village at the time of the outbreak . You are unlikely to find this information elsewhere , and it is just as likely to support an alternative explanation as the one to which the authors lead you.For example , early in the book , the authors make the connection between the events in Salem and the events , 42 years later , a few dozen miles to the west , in Northampton , Massachusetts , during what was called the First or `` Little '' Great Awakening in the parish of Jonathan Edwards . This was the source for my alternate theory of the events in Salem . This means that one should read this book with an open heart , get what ideas are good , and criticize the ideas which may be too much of a stretch.If the authors attend too much to any one point , it seems to be the motives of certain individuals . My reading of the events is that it was an incident fuelled not by the evil or ignorance of one person , like Thomas de ' Torquemada 's role in the Spanish Inquisition , but in the sense of the times , fed by the way in which the incident was sparked by the Amerindian slave Tituba and her vision of many witches signing the Devil 's book .
 Why did the social fabric of Salem break down so thoroughly that by 1692 people were being accused of and executed for witchcraft ? This book attempts to answer that question with a number of possibilities . For me the clearest answer had to do with the separation of Salem Village and Salem Town and how they perceived each other
 When we think of the Salem with trials the first thing we we would think of are witches in the European style , flying on brooms , speaking in tongues etcetera . This because they were taken by the devil . To get rid of the witches and therefore the devil they had to be tried and afterwards liquidated . The most famous case was of course in Salem , MA 1692 . Arthur Miller wrote the play ` The Crucible ' as a parable of McCarthy Era America and the movie does the same thing . For a long time the events in Salem were soon as a strange case in history , Boyer and Nissenbaum decided to look at the records and writings of that era again and came up with a fascinating new history of the Salem witchtrials.The looked at the lives of the people in Salem from the beggar to the minister and also at three of the leading families in Salem . The minister Parrish plays the most important role in their story because they devide the town up into two camps ; the pro and contra Parrish people . They find out that mixed in this is also the strife within one family with ties to another important Salem factory . For B&N ; the witchtrials are more a battleground of different social groups than the fight against the devil.They unfortunately did not entirely look at the more psychological reasons for the events . Salem was not alone in it 's social build and therefore something like this should have happened in more places , but it did n't . This book has often been heralded as an important book in the post-modern historical society for looking at more things and the people too , except the rulers . It also shows how easy it is to debunk myths if you just look at the sources.If yore are interested in the witch trials this book will certainly be liked .
 This has been a very popular book with many Salem Witch Trials researchers . This particular book focuses on the competition and jelousy over land in Salem Village . Some very excellent chats also depict the `` Anti Parris '' people of the time and how they were connected to those accused . Interesting points are also made in regards to taxation.A definite book to check out if you are interested in all aspects and theories of this truly sad time .
 I was required to read this book in my college freshman expository literature class and it was recently brought to my attention again as I watched an innocent person get accused and abused for something they did not do , and I must say that this is one of the only sociological studies that has stayed with me all these years . This book is proof that we must learn from history or stand condemned to repeat it.It is bizarre how the early settlers operated and how there was no true separation of church and State , blame abounded if someone had a seizure . Evidence shows that ergot poisioning led the the sympotmatic behavior of the poor class of females who mostly ate the rye bread , etc. and how society , with it 's fearmonging idiocy was more readily willing to blame some psychotic make-believe of `` being a witch '' on those poor girls than of using their brains and finding a scientific explanation.It 's hard to tell who was more nuts ... the people with ergot poisoning or the clergy making the ridiculous judgements!I was blown out of the water when I read how a woman with a hemerroid was thought to have a `` witches teat '' that they believed she nursed secret witches and goblins at night from -LRB- talk about disgusting beliefs -RRB- and how these poor ladies were dunked , hanged , shot , be-headed because of a naturally occurring blood vessel protruding from -LSB- ... -RSB- after child birth!Good God , I 'm glad they did n't have truck drivers back then because they have the most hemerroids of any sector of the population ! Can you just see all these guys at the witch trial having to bend over and moon the court and then be taken out to the pond and dunked repeatedly till they fessed up to being a witch or killed ??!!! All you have to do is read this book and you can see , even today , in your own circle of society how there are still -LSB- people -RSB- like this running around rampant .
 This book does as good a job as any I 've ever seen in explaining what happened at Salem and why . The authors make an excellent case for their sociological theory .
 this book is excellant , and very interesting as well as educational . i recommend this book to anyone , whether they 're interested in Salem Village history of witchcraft of not !!
 I was actually assigned this book for an anthropology class , but I could n't put it down . Boyer and Nissenbaum look at every possible contributing factor to the witch craze that took hold of Salem in the late 17th century . They are careful to present all of the data upon which they based their hypotheses , allowing the reader to judge the validity of their claims . Salem Possessed provides an enlightening look at the pressures -LRB- social , economic , religious -RRB- that affected all of the villagers , and manages not to vilify any particular person.This book 's strength is it 's thoroughness , but it is also it 's major drawback . It can be difficult to keep track of all the names , households and dates . However , it is well worth the effort , and I heartily recommend this book .
 This is a wonderful book . Boyer and Neissenbaum take you to society and the time right before the witch trials took place . They give you all the information you need to feel what life was like there and to understand the underlying tensions and disputes , jealousies and arrogance . Things were changing . Some people wanted -- and benefited from the changes -- others did n't want , and were antagonistic to , the changes . The ideal of the community was being tested by economic opportunity , which was fostering economic greed . An increasing stratified society was coming into being . Meanwhile , there was no mechanism available for petty disputes to be resolved via the courts or other public venues -- this is just a short list of the variety of problems that sat unresolved and which eventually broke loose in the hysteria of a witch hunting . This is an amazingly complex and fascinating story -- the research and scholarship here is extraordinary . If you want to know what lead up to the witch trials this is the book you want to read .
 Boyer and Nissesnbaum 's work on Salem is a fascinating look into the social stresses which were at the root of the explosion of accusations in this small Massachusetts town . Each of the elements in this disaster , i.e. the questionable ministerial skills of Samuel Parris , property disputes between the Proctors and Putnams , the conflicts between Salem Village and Salem Town , are thoughtfully analyzed as part of a whole . I higly reccomend this book for anyone wishing to have a deeeper understanding of the true causes of the Salem trials .
 From an enormous body of surviving documents , the authors piece together a micro-historical account of life in 17th century Salem -LRB- Danvers -RRB- , MA , comparable to Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie 's classic description of a medieval French heretic town , Montaillou
 Given to me as a gift by a friend who did n't think it would be interesting , this book was one of the most fascinating I 've ever read . If you find sociology interesting , or if you have worked in a `` groupthink '' environment , you will find this book very insightful and thought-provoking . However , this book will be most enjoyed when the reader comes without preconceived expectations and accepts the book for what it is
 Salem Possessed aimed at shedding new light on the Salem Witchcraft Trails of 1692 by providing new detail and insight into the social and political origins of the paranoia and fears felt by those in and around Salem Village . By using such detailed and effective primary sources , the authors were able to create a vivid image of the situation Salem Village was in , and how the emergent mercantile capitalism was mistaken by those as a threat of witchcraft . Introducing us to the two `` rival clans '' , the Porters and the Putnams , as well as the key role of the minister Samuel Parris , the authors of Salem Possessed used statistical and empirical data to show how the clashing of these distinct people , and their distinctive ways of life , led to a crescendo in 1692 that allowed for the hanging of innocent people . The authors sum up the book by portraying the events of 1692 as an `` obsession with outsiders '' , showing that the difference in proximity to Salem Town , financial standing , land holding , and taxable property was more than many `` pro-Parris '' Villagers could stand to sit idly aside and watch fluctuate sporadically . Overall , Salem Possessed is effective in erasing the stereotypes involved with the Salem Witch Trials by using concrete evidence , primary accounts , and statistical data that hint at a very evident pattern in the growing chasm between the pro-Parris , religious Puritans , and the capitalistic , wealthy Villagers who had stronger ties to Salem Town than the Village itself .
 This book chronicles the interesting events that shaped Colonial history in the fall of 1692 . Hundreds of people were accused of witchcraft in Massachusetts , and 19 of the accused -LRB- probably all innocent -RRB- were put to death . The mass hysteria that invoked this terrible event was brought on by a combination of communal hysteria , frustration with wealthy social classes , and the rigid interpretation of Puritannical laws . An excellent narrative for anyone interested in the development of early North America .
 This is definetly a treasure to posess . I have not seen a technical essay on piano touch as this anywhere yet . The skills of Mr. Matthay in writing such technical work and explaining in words the ins-and-outs of piano touch is amazing and it is also something that every pianist must have in his library . True , you need to read and read and read it over and over again in order to grasp the essence of this master teachings . Read it , apply it , and then practice over it and you will be a different pianist . This hard cover is really worth its price and I praise the efforts to preserve these writings for posterity . Shipment was on time and without delays or any problems at all .
 After using Psalms Now in Bible study for litergical prayer I decided to try it in a Contemporary Christian Worship setting . The response was phenomenal . Whether it is used as a basis for prayer or in a traditional liturgical style it is a very helpful book to bring the psalmists words to life !
 I 've been using Psalms Now along with my daily Bible reading , and the prayers and praises to God written 2000 years ago become even more meaningful with Leslie Brandt 's paraphrases . He has encouraged me to personalize the individual Psalms in my own journaling , and that 's brought my worship time ; my focus on praising God ; and my accountability to live a life of obedience to God to a whole new level . Thank you Mr. Brandt !
 Great book for reading Psalms in our times . It uses words and phrases which make some of them very pertinent to today . If read in conjunction with reading the same verses in the Bible , it opens up new thoughts . Especially the 23rd Psalm .
 I originally found out about this book when a church member came to the hospital to see me . She read Psalm 23 to my husband and I and we really enjoyed it . This book is written in what I call `` today 's language '' . Easy to understand . I highly recommend it .
 I 've been a Christian for a long time and saw this book in a Goodwill store yesterday . I will never be sorry I purchased it . It 's hard to put down . I want to buy a copy for all my close friends . Leslie 's ability to put the Psalms in today 's language is a gift indeed ! It is a treasure to own this book . I 'm glad it 's still in print because I feel that God will continue to use it to bring glory to His name .
 Excellent and refreshing look at Psalms . . I have purchased 8 of these for gifts . The interpretaions are so applicable to today 's life situations ...
 Oh my . I LOVE this book ! Everyone should own one . I 've hardly started it and I have trouble putting it down . It 's like modern day poems made from the Psalms and they all hit home , just like the Psalms in the original do . As I was reading , I was making a mental note of who I was going to give one for Christmas .
 Brandt continues to rewrite and renew his view of the Psalms , God 's songbook . It will give the reader a chance to rediscover what grabbed you the first time you read a Psalm and knew God was speaking.I have had the chance to use the book with junior high and high school students and I have seen it provoke thought . This last purchase of a dozen copies were for graduation gifts for the seniors at my church . The book makes a wonderful gift for young people that seek spiritual transfomation through the Word .
 My spiritual advisor recommended this book . She often begins our time together by reading one of these psalms . I keep a copy by my bible and will often look up a psalm after reading it in my bible . Though she takes quite a bit of license from the original wording , the message is consistent . I often find her words to be exactly what 's going through my mind ! Very helpful way to present the psalms in a modern-message format . Would be a great book for new believers .
 Great little take along Psalms . Fresh reading and great for meditations to start group meetings . Handy to have and use often .
 Wonderfully refreshing take on the Psalms ! Good not only for personal use . We have used them responsively at our church for a nice change of pace in the responsive Scripture readings .
 This book puts the Psalms right where we art today , puts the emotion back in compared to standard translations . Thanks so much Leslie Brandt .
 I have personally used this edition of the Psalms for quite a while . Because I enjoy it so much I have purchased several copies for friends
 What an amazing book . It takes one right into the heart of God - lifting one up . Written in modern day language it is as if you are speaking right to the heart of God from ones own inner feelings . A book to have handy - pick up and praise the Lord or tell Him how you are feeling or just share in the wonder of His creation .
 This was the exact book I was looking for . A friend of mine had an older version -LRB- different cover -RRB- . I was not expecting to find a used version in such great shape . It was like new ! I am taking a class that it is perfect for . Thank you . JC
 I like this translation but do n't count on it for literal . It extracts the sentiment of the psalms . As one reads they seem more personal
 It is Psalms written as poems in everyday language . It is the beauty of the Biblical written understandably as today .
 I first read Psalms now thirty years ago and I fell in love with this version of the psalms.I find they speak to me and I receive comfort from them .
 Scripture says , `` Old men will dream dreams . '' For 2 years I 've been dreaming about how a community that cares would look . At age 85 , I 've asked my 4 doctors for 5 more years to see `` it '' happen . It 's starting to happen with over 50 friends who have gotten on the train . Psalms Now is the platform -LRB- or foundation -RRB- of the village . Homes for families who have lost everything in this economic era , returning veterans , hurting seniors , single parents , all living around a park , recreation field and community garden.The frosting is a home for abandoned , abused or homeless children , a pre-primary charter school , tutorial school , culinary school , health food restaurant , senior action club , produce-cheese store , flower-gift shop , health club and coffee-conversation club , an assisted living home and apartments for volunteers . What a dream to dream ! Thank you Lesley F. Brandt .
 It is not often that a work of translation is accurate in terms of faithfulness to the text and its meaning . This one does . It seems as if the very writers of these words are standing next to the reader urging them to not only read but understand and act upon the message of each . I am blessed to have this work in my home .
 While this book of Psalms will not replace my reading of Psalms from translations such as NIV , it is a wonderful companion to continue to contemplate and meditate on the words of the Psalmist . I find the paraphrase to be true to the spirit of any Psalm that I have prayed and meditated , and I value this book as a part of my spiritual library .
 Took a long time to get book , but seller was on top of the problem that was the postal services fault and quickly relayed the problem to me . Product arrived in condition that was expectedl . I would recommend this seller .
 Helen McLean and Abiye Cole have done an excellent job in providing an introduction to working with dreams in your personal life , or , as a facilitator , in professional life . The fact that they repeatedly point out that there are no hard and fast rules for interpreting dreams , and strongly warn against the indiscriminate use of dream dictionaries , makes clear that writing a handbook about dream catching can be tricky.They have chosen to lavishly illustrate and illuminate their guidelines with examples from their experience in Gestalt dream-working . The result is a vivid book , in which the numerous step-by-step analyses of real dreams give the reader a thorough understanding of mechanisms in dreaming . At the same time the authors make clear that there are no hard and fast rules to be found which can lead to an automatic interpretation of a dream.The book is very practical , with lot 's of tips , varying from how to enhance one 's capability to remember dreams to how to deal with uncomfortable images .
 Thompson is a master scholar , elucidating the concept and experience of God in the Gospel of St John . She posits that God the Father is the main subject of the gospel , and taht only in relation to the Father is Jesus properly understood as the one who is `` with God '' and `` is God '' . An interesting analysis of the Paraclete reveals that the Spirit is not some sort of replacement for the risen Christ , but one of the Father 's `` two hands '' . This is really a needed work . She is right in stressing the fact that approaching God by means other than the Father can distort John 's purpose . For he uses Jesus as the person who revales the face of the Father to us . There is a tendancy in exegesis to hold orthodox positions -LRB- i.e. , that Jesus is actually God equal to the Father -RRB- for the wrong reasons , thus leaving orthodoxy open to criticisms that really are unfounded . Thompson 's book is a needed corrective in this regard . Enjoy this great book!Thompson 's other great books , The Promise of the Father and The Incarnate Word are really worth looking into . For another defense of Christ 's full divinity , see Jesus As God by Harris -LRB- although he may need THompson 's corrective in a few places , but those are places for you to find ! -RRB- .
 The delivery time was remarkably fast and the product quality was exactly what i was hoping for . I definitely recommend this seller
 I am a huge Wilbur Smith fan . `` River God '' is the best novel I have ever read . My second favorite Smith book is his newest
 THE DIAMOND HUNTERS revolves around the mining of beach and offshore deposits for diamonds , and the rivalry and jealousy of two `` brothers '' involved in this mining . The detailed and accurately depicted diamond mining methods described will be unfamiliar and informative to most readers . In my opinion , the plot is a bit more complex than it could be , and characters could be filled-in a little more , and more numerous and more detailed descriptive passages would have been appreciated . Even so , THE DIAMOND HUNTERS is a good read.WILBER SMITH NOVELSWilber Smith 's novels are characterized by hard edged characters in harsh , unforgiving environments and situations , against implacable foes . When one of Smith 's `` heros '' succeeds , his victory is usually pyrrhic-as is often the case in the real world . This gritty pioneer mentality is appropriate to South Africa.I imagine that many readers will conclude that many of the characters in Smith 's novels lack dimension . But that 's a failure of people , not of the author . There ARE nasty , vengeful people in the world who are NOT complex , and Smith describes such people accurately . Smith does not attempt to explain such people-which I appreciate -LRB- in contrast with most modern novels filled with dreary shallow pop-psychology -RRB- . Smith 's heros are men who manage to exceed the sum of their heredity and environment-as is often the case in the real world .
 i have read all of Wilbur 's books and found that one learns a lot about Africa -LRB- with a few exceptions -RRB- . you learn african history , economics , social problems , environmental problems , natural history , etc. in this one , you learn about the diamond industry and the history of the Namibian diamond coasts , while Wilbur weaves it into his `` unputdownable '' story . kind of like the Master of the Game with substance . for an even better look at Namibian history , try the Burning Shore .
 I have seen Wilbur Smith novels on the bookshelves for years but for one reason or another none of them had ever really piqued my interest , but while browsing in an airport bookstore looking for something to read on a long flight I picked this one up and as I began to read I found that my flight was too short . I did n't want to be interrupted for something as trivial as changing flights . I intend to read more Wilbur Smith in the near future.The way Smith builds the story of Johnny Lance being an outcast and the way that he discovers the truth about his childhood and the animosity that builds between him and his foster brother Benedict Van der Byle makes for a spellbinding read . Smith 's descriptions of the African landscape and exotic locations are well written without being over-done . When he describes Thunderbolt and Suicide you can smell the salt air and see the foamy spray shooting skyward and hear the crashing of the huge waves against the unyielding rock formations.Like all fiction stories this one is not for everyone , but if you enjoy action/adventure , emphasis on action you will find this a very enjoyable read .
 The descriptions of diamond mining and sorting are as good as it gets . An updated version would be Robinson 's , Sapphire Sea , set in Madagascar .
 This book is one of Smith 's early books - originally published in the mid-70 's , I think , and anyone who 's read a lot of Wilbur Smith -LRB- like me -RRB- will be able to tell . It 's shorter , and he 's definitely refined his writing style since then . However , his talent for plot twists , engaging characters and sucking you right into the story is still there - I loved this book ! It is well worth it for anyone who likes a rip-roaring adventure !
 Wilbur Smith just proves how good he is this is a must read book with characteristics of betrayal and loyalty coming into the fray.The ending was not finished strongly but never the less another work of art by Wilbur Smith
 This novel was written over 30 years ago . It is not as polished as his newer books but it contains all the elements that make Smith one of the masters of action and adventure . Exotic locale , unforgettable characters and a prose that takes you ` there ' . Let Wilbur take you to a trip to Africa , you will be coming back for more .
 I am sorry the books were a gift but the recepent gives great reviews and wishes to have more from that auther '
 This is a great book . I read a lot of adventure fiction . This one was really good . The plot was well thought out . The details are great . The building of the characters ... . Everything about this book is good .
 Wilbur Smith is my favorite author , but I was disappointed in this book . It appeared to be written hastily and without the wonderful descriptive phrases he normally uses to paint his stories background . Never the less I still read it cover to cover .
 Wilbur Smith is a master story teller . He can convey a sense of time and place like no other . This is not a historical novel , but could be one . If you wanted to know how diamond prospection was at these wild times in Africa , no need to go further . Smith 's characters are both deep and simple , like real human beings driven by simple overpowering emotions like hate , love and revenge . Wilbur stories usually cover more than one generation and it gives his sories a sense of reality seldom achieved . This book is classic Wilbur Smith
 I THINK THAT WILBER SMITH IS A FANTASTIC WRITER , EVERY PAGE FILLED FROM TOP TO BOTTOM WITH HIS STORYS . A GREAT WRITER THAT TELLS A STORY THAT IS COMPELLING , HISTORICAL FACTS AND BREATHTAKING ADVENTURE . I 'M LOOKING FORWARD TO READING EACH OF HIS BOOKS . SO FAR I 'VE READ THE DIAMOND HUNTER , MEN OF MEN AND THE DARK OF THE SUN AND RATE THEM ALL 5 STARS.I THANK YOU , WILBER SMITH FOR YOUR GREAT MIND IN WRITING ADVENTURES FOR ALL TO READ AND ENJOY.GIGI ALLEN FROM CLEARLAKE , CA .
 Wilbur Smith is an excellent author well known in the world . All of the books that I 've read by him are outstanding thrillers . It is interesting that many of his books are based on very young characters , which makes most of the story youthful and energetic . I would read any of Mr. Smith 's books anytime !
 What a great writer . Wilbur Smith could write about wallpaper and I would find it interesting . I just wish more of his books were available on Kindle since I will no longer by a paperback ...
 Very intense adventure story . A battle between two men -LRB- Benedict and Johnny -RRB- who were raised as brothers . They are searching for diamonds is South African waters . Benedict 's sister Tracey figures into the mix . Keeps you turning the pages .
 Is blood thicker than , well ... . diamonds ! Wilbur Smith , writing in 1971 , explores the rivalry between an estranged foster-child and heir to the Van Der Byl diamond fortune and his rival `` brother '' Benedict . Throw in the love of a woman and whammo you got ta adventure novel . `` The Diamond Hunters '' , while not Smith 's best novel , is nevertheless a fantastic read . As Smith 's has matured over the years his novels have become a bit more tedious . Not so with Hunters . `` The Diamond Hunters '' comes right at you from the first page . There is action , adventure , love and scenery.Just about every Wilbur Smith novel is good . This one will not disappoint you . It is fun , fast and entertaining . Well worth your time ... Densel MyersYukon , Oklahoma
 This book and the other 20 + books that Wilbur Smith haswritten are incredible . I have a website dedicated to Smithat www.geocities.com/Athens/Acropolis/wilbur.htmlIf you are a big fan also please visit , and make sure youe-mail me
 We had read the original book before , this one is half that story , but it is long enough for a little one to work through each page with the magnets.My favorite thing about this book is that it teaches the lowercase letters -LRB- we had mastered the uppercase ones already -RRB- , and this was a very useful tool because she loves to work with the magnets!It was easy for her to confuse ` b ' and ` q ' , and 'd ' and ` p ' as they are from the same mould -LRB- but different colors -RRB- .
 We received the paperback edition of the original book as a gift . My 15 month old loves the original book but we needed a replacement as some pages have fallen off from too many baby tugs . The magnet version is great but keep in mind that this version stops when all the letters fall off the coconut tree -LRB- did I give the book away ? -RRB- . The magnets look pretty easy to swallow too so carefull with those .
 I really liked the Chicka Chicka Boom Boom story . This one was more for learning with the magnets . It was good , but not as good and catchy as the original .
 This is a marvelous book for children learning the ABC 's . It is colorful , rhyming , and easy for children to learn .
 My 27-month old daughter loves this book . Sometimes she needs help opening the bag containing the letter magnets , but she will sit for quite a while independently trying to match the letters with their pictures in the book . Or we can read the story and work together with the magnets . The page following the story with the alphabet listed is also helpful in getting her to recognize the letters as we sing the song .
 So often we see in westerns the stagecoach roaring into town and well-dressed easterners get out -- not even dusty . This book shows the real and extremely difficult days of the stagecoach mail delivery and does it in a very factual , well-documented way . The end of the book should have been put at the first so we could know Ben Holladay before we learned all about the difficulties of getting the people and the mail to the western cities . It was especially interesting to me since my father and brother have the same name -- Ben Holladay . He may be a distant relative and we would be proud to claim him .
 Prior to the coming of the transcontinental railroad in 1869 , the stagecoach was the primary means of transportation for goods as well as people across the vastness of the West . Ben Holladay established and owned many of the stagecoach lines that stretched from Kansas to California , and this valuable book , long in print -LRB- it was first published in 1940 -RRB- , tells the story of Holladay and the stagecoach business over which he dominated.Holladay was born in Kentucky in 1819 and went to Weston , MO , as a boy -LRB- one rumor says he ran away from home -RRB- . He worked different jobs there for a number of years , married and had seven children , and then got a job freighting supplies for Kearny 's Army of the West during the Mexican War . After the war he took a supply train to Salt Lake City which brought him a handsome profit . He worked with the Russell , Majors , and Waddell transportation company , learning the business and making deals for them , even aiding in the establishment of the Pony Express.In 1862 he bought out Russell , Majors , and Waddell and created the Overland Stage Line , which ran eventually from Omaha to Salt Lake City . Soon branch lines were added to Montana and Oregon , and he had as many as 15,000 men employed driving stages and tending stations and livestock . In 1865 he sold the business to Wells Fargo because of Indian deprivations and got into the steamship business in California . This he sold in 1868 and became chief owner of the Oregon Central Railroad , which he held until the Panic of 1873 wiped him out and he retired.As a businessman , Holladay had a lot to be desired . Machiavellian in his approach where the end always justified the means , he often cooked the books and lied to investors . He spent a great deal of time in Washington , DC , currying influence . Also in his personal life he was crude and overbearing . He died in Portland , Oregon , in 1887 . Frederick 's account of Holladay and the Overland Stage operations is scholarly and thorough . Reprinted from the original A.H. Clark edition , the book contains all the peculiar printing practices unique to that company -LRB- certain proper nouns - months and book titles , for example , are never capitalized -RRB- . More important than that is that Frederick tells his story with authority and elan . Numerous appendices appear that further detail the business side of the Overland Stage Line ; one I found especially useful
 Ann Doupont is a divine writer . Her ability to write with simplicity and clarity resonates with my spirit and understanding . Her words speak to my spirit in a way that edifies and makes clear the teachings of scripture . The little short pieces she writes are supported by scripture and by her wealth of life experience from walking the way of Gospel truth . `` Surrendered '' is a collection or bundle of devotions , prayers , uplifting poems , encouragements , as well as excellent counsel for singles.To the believer , Ann opens your understanding of what it means to have a close fellowship with the Savior of mankind , The Mediator , Jesus Christ . If you are in Christ , you will be instructed and comforted by what Ann sets forth here . This devotional book will be a notable addition to a Christian 's devotional resources.Ann Doupont 's style is down to earth and straightforward . The topics she addresses are timely and serve to reinforce a believer 's walk and to enlarge his spiritual depth and maturity . I love to pick it up and at random to allow God 's Spirit to speak and guide me through today 's confusion and secular jungle . Ann has written superbly about the prayer life of the believer . Ann 's writing here goes a long way in helping us grasp the essence of trust and dependence upon the all-knowing and loving God of scripture.Ann 's earlier experiences that she shares with singles constitute good counsel , especially when she mentions her `` front sliding , '' that ought to be highly valued by young singles . An example of excellent counsel may be had on page 24 . Ann identifies with the rejected on page 44 . But frankly , I wish that she had expanded or enlarged on this topic . I felt that she could offer the reader suggestions on how to deal with or cope with being left alone and feeling abandoned . I personally identify with her short testimony on page 67 . Her style is appreciated , as she gets down-to-earth , no-nonsense , and matter-of-fact with sin and its consequences . Ann 's discussion of meditation on God 's Word versus the words of men on page 70 is well taken . On page 82 , the point made of learning from the Holy Spirit rather than man is frank and true.If you have ever wondered about prayer , what to pray , how to say it , then this little book is a sound guide for many areas of life and living . It encourages doing your own praying and making it effective . Ann gives prayer or conversations with God a good shot . Especially the admonition to ask God 's help to forget is a great prayer offered here . Her little piece on forgetting is of note too . Ann has written a valuable devotional book that helps in your prayer life and in your attitude and relation with the God of Holy Scripture . As one reads , one is reminded of the great French spiritual writer , Fenelon , as he helped us with understanding the mind and purposes of God . I put Ann right up there with Oswald Chambers too.The writing of `` Surrendered '' is accurately done and should bring comfort to many in their spiritual walk . I highly recommend Ann Doupont 's book .
 Once you get past the premise and start reading , the writing reels you in . Ms. Smith is a writer who has a remarkable way with words . If she grabs you , she does n't let go.Hush is determined to make her family apple orchard in North Georgia pay . Married to a local race-car legend , she knows the marriage is a mistake from the beginning . She only stays in it for the sake of the child she adores . She and her husband are careful to show their son only the good side of their marriage . Even when her husband dies , Hush wo n't reveal the truth.In the middle of making the Sweet Hush apple famous throughout the world , she finishes raising the boy , sends him off to Harvard , and is shocked senseless when he drops out to bring home his girl friend . A girl friend who 's the daughter of the President and First Lady.Hush knows exactly how politicians are and does n't like them . The First Couple do n't particularly want an apple farmer in the family . Whoops . Too late . The kids are married and pregnant.So the President sends his nephew , a clandestine operative , to look after his daughter and unborn grandchild . The nephew takes one look at Hush and falls pretty hard . And Hush ? She ca n't help but be drawn to a man the bees like.But that does n't mean she 's gon na let her kid get hurt.Like I said , starts off with a shaky premise but boy , does it deliver . Hush 's voice is so strong I want to meet her.Good read .
 Typical of Ms. Smith 's work , the story of Hush and her apple empire ca n't help but wash over the reader 's heart even while their brain disconnects over some of the story 's plausibility . Well , it really does n't matter if all you want is a fun , romantic read . Afterall , a writer is supposed to have a good imagination , right ? Ms. Smith is especially good when developing her characters , flaws and all . This writer never disappoints the true romance reader .
 A great read . This book is a favorite . It is the type of book I will re-read numerous times . The characters are human and believable . The plot is credible . Not many books can boast of both those characteristics . When she used the switch at the end of the book , I laughed my a -- off ! READ THE BOOK !
 Sweet Hush is a heart-warming story of a family 's pride in their special Sweet Hush apple orchards . It is also a love story that will touch the young and the not-so-young . It 's an easy read that you will not want to put down once you begin this well-written story set in the south .
 or would like to know.She represents the south in the very best way possible.Sweet Hush did not disappoint and may be my favorite Smith novel yet.My recommendation is to read Sweet Hush , you wo n't regret it !
 I have enjoyed a few books from this author , but this one , was one of my favorites . I could not put it down to see where the story line was going and I was not disappointed ! Love the strong characters and the flow of the story .
 Read her , you will enjoy your time with her characters . Strong women , strong men , some bizarre quirks in lots of characters .
 I have not read this author before this book . It was easy to read and I could n't put it downI have since read another of her books and recommended it to my daughter .
 It 's been a long time since a book kept me up on a week night , but Sweet Hush was that kind of read . I loved the characters , I loved the family , and wondering where they were all going to end up made this a un-put-downable book for me . Wish they 'd make a movie of the story ! I was already casting it in my head .
 I liked this romance a lot but the one thing I do n't much care for is when the characters have to be high profile . The hero is the President 's cousin and that 's a stretch for me . I 'd rather have heroes that seem more everyday and real life.I love Hush and her family history but I would have liked the story better if her new love could have been more of an ordinary guy , not one tied to the White House .
 Hush McGillen Thackery knew at a very early age that she was going to be someone . Suffering through her family 's poverty and losing both her parents by age sixteen , Hush decided she would turn the family apple orchards into a profitable business again.Though she was made fun of for selling apples from a road side stand , it only inspired her . Hush kept going . Surviving.She was given control of Sweet Hush Hollow and custody of her five-year-old brother , Logan . Her childhood friends , Davy and Smooch , vowed to help her.When Hush becomes pregnant with Davy 's child , she reluctantly agrees to marry him , knowing he will not be faithful . Hush is still determined to make the orchards a success.She handles the obstacles one by one , choosing to keep her family life discreet . The years fly by and Hush has turned Sweet Hush Hollow into the profitable family business she knew it could be.Life is good , comfortable ... until one day her now 23-year-old son calls her to let her know he is on his way home from college . He arrives with the President of the United State 's daughter in tow . They are married and pregnant.Hush is thrown into the public eye . Her life of secrets is threatened as she discovers a real bee charmer and ultimately her true self.Deborah Smith did an excellent job bringing these two families through a crisis and to an understanding of each other . There were little stories within the overall story which kept the pages turning through the night .
 When I read the jacket for this book I thought , Oh no , how hokey . Here 's another book about the President 's family , and the books I 've read lately with this type of story line have not rung true.Admittedly the presidental angle of this story is just a little hokey but Deborah Smith makes it work . The author pulls in the reader with great groundwork , inserts a strong heroine in a believable background , and then weaves a compelling story I could n't get enough with an overall effect of a finely written concerto.Is it just another southern tale ? Yes and no . Yes it 's set in the south with many colorful southern folks but the author weaves these characters into a fine tapestry where they add a richness but never overtake the story.In addition , she adds a great hero who I came to empathize with until eventually I wanted and needed him to find his heart 's desire . And he does , very satisfactorily.Put all the components together and voila -- magic . The story made me laugh and cry and root for the characters ; I could n't put the book down . This is a gem in a long run of literary disappointments . Do n't pass it up .
 The fifth of her line , Hush McGillen Thackery believes people are born to be whoever they want to be . It is all in how they tell their story . Hush spins a tale of true love , of the perfect Harvard son and of a successful apple farm . But love was rotten to the core with a man who did not live up to revered image , but whose presence made it acceptable for a business woman to succeed . Now secrets from the past threaten to bring down Hush 's idealist image and destroy all she holds dear when her son Davis brings the world 's scrutiny because he brings home his secret bride -- the president 's daughter.The president and his wife are convinced that Hush has ulterior motives and that the marriage between their daughter Hush 's son was somehow coerced . They vastly underestimate this Appalachian queen who rules her home , farm and county . When they send the president 's cousin Nicholas Jacobek to bring the situation under control , Hush meets the only man in her life who can match her skill at charming bees . But Jacob 's dark past conceals a man of kindness and of mercilessness who will do anything to protect family , even kill.Author Deborah Smith succinctly captures the flavor of the south and of powerful matriarchs in SWEET HUSH . Readers will find it impossible to forget these rich characterizations and mesmerizing prose . Hush is blunt , fierce and determined , deserving of a hard man like Jacob . The president 's wife Edwina would be easy to hate except Smith carefully reveals her vulnerabilities , devotion and motivation in a way that not only makes her understandable , but likeable despite her bitchy ways . Readers will delight in the image of Hush and Edwina throwing rotten apples at each other in the White House . Easily followed shifting points of view provide interior views of complex motives and tantalizing possibilities . In all , three love stories wind their way around the reader 's heart , resulting in a must read tale reader 's wo n't want to miss . SWEET HUSH earns the WordWeaving Award for Excellence .
 I have heard only but the good reviews on this book , now I know why . I enjoyed Sweet Hush at first I thought it was all about apple growing but it 's so much more than that it 's about family values , I loved all the characters in this book , This will be a keeper for me , I hope you enjoy it as much as I did . This is my first Deborah Smith , I ca n't wait to read her other books.Happy Reading Lisa
 What a great read . Starts off a tiny bit slow , but sucks you in to an incredible plot with interesting characters . Our heroine is admirable ; protects her family with all she has , reaches out to her extended family and community and is a role model of hard work and success.No erotic scenes , but are n't you a bit tired of them anyway !? Just a lovely romance of a young -LRB- er -RRB- widow and the man who has not known much love . Deborah Smith is a deep author with much to share . I 've read some of her others and always found them fascinating .
 Fifth generation apple grower , Hush McGillen is proud of her Georgia mountain roots and being 100 % American , but she never expected to be spending any time at the White House . She had not even contemplated visiting as a tourist . However , not only is she in DC and inside the Pennsylvania Avenue barriers , Hush is at war with the First Lady on the enemy 's turf.The war of the women began when Hush 's son Davis brings to the orchard his pregnant Harvard girlfriend , `` Eddie '' Jacobs . Now Eddie is no ordinary student as she is the First Daughter and she and Davis have slipped away from the Secret Service . Surprisingly , Hush turning deep purple when she begins to find the First Nephew quite attractive , but there still remains a war of the ladies to resolve as the vultures from the media begin turning over the red clay.The romance seems unlikely , but once the reader accepts that Eddie and Davis are an entry , the audience will appreciate the richness of the story line . The key to the tale is when Hush provides her first person observations of the past , present , and the future . When the nephew takes center stage , he behaves more like Edward G. Robinson in a flick than a relative of the first family . Still , fans of Deborah Smith will delight in her latest contemporary tale that sheds a deep light on rural Georgia.Harriet Klausner
 I acutally bought this for my kindle and fell so in love with this quirkly little story that I turned around and bought the hardback book for my mom . Deborah Smith has given us this wonderful cast of characters that believe in family and the family business . They love each other , stand up for each other , and will do anything to protect each other . I know the plot has been review by other readers , so let me just say this
 This book is so typical of Southern Families with a strong matriarchal leader . I laughed out loud while reading because Ms Smith uses comical pharses I have grown up hearing . This is an awesome book .
 Life for Hush McGillen-Thackery got off to a rough start with the loss of both her father and her family 's clout in a small rural area in Northern Georgia . However , despite her obstacles as an adolescent , she became one of those people who confronted adversity with an air of challenge . And she turned out to be a strong character in Deborah Smith 's SWEET HUSH.Hush stuck me as one of those people who knows what they are destined for , as she rebuildt her family 's empire as one of the heavyweight apple farmers in the state . The Sweet Hush apple , named after Hush 's foremothers , was a sweet and rare fruit , and remained a central theme in her life.When Hush 's son brought home the daughter of encumbent U.S. President Al Jacobs , Hush 's quaint , quiet life in the Hollow of Sweet Hush Farms withstood some noteable changes . Hush had to look , once again , to the apple trees to guide her and console her through decisions she never thought she 'd have to make.As this was my first time reading a work by Smith , I embarked on this reading journey with an open mind . I was looking for a good story with love , action , and lessons . I found these things in SWEET HUSH , a sensational novel.Reviewed by CandaceKof The RAWSISTAZ Reviewers
 Wonderful book filled with luscious language and deep characters that I would love to meet . I will pass this along to all my friends .
 In my opinion is one of the best introductory book in statistical thermodynamics . As a matter of fact , there are a lot of books and even good books treating this topic , but T.L. Hill has been able to introduce it in a simple and comprehensive way . In particular , I found particularly interesting his manner to treat the liquid state and the distribution functions -LRB- Part III -RRB- . The last part is devoted to quantum statistics , it is an introduction but is well written and for a young student will be enlightening .
 I am enjoying reading the book.The basic theory has been well established in this area , although the book was written a few decades a ago , it is still a very classic book for a beginner in this area .
 The authors takes time to explain the basic hypotheses of statistical mechanics . I believe that it is an excellent introduction to this field .
 Good book . Order of the presentation of material is n't so intuitive to me , but he does specify what is applicable to chemists versus physicists .
 Hill presents the fundamental problems on the subject and methods to work these problems . Thanks to Dover you can have this book as a second source on class or for self learning . It has the basic fundamentals before you go to McQuarrie Stat . Mech . Excelent for Phys . Chemists approaching the subject
 It 's a good way to start statistical mechanics with this book.There are lots of elementary models and concepts in it , such as ideal gas , lattice , polymer , electrolyte ... You also can use it as a reference because of the detailed derivation and good index .
 This book is pretty good with a satisfying price . And the post service is pretty good . Thanks .
 This book is in good quality , except for a little water ink . The delivery of this book is really fast than I expect .
 Written in 1960 and revised in 1986 this is a general treatise onstat-thermo in the tradition of Tolman and McQuarrie . I have a wellused copy on my desk , bought originally as a textbook for a graduatecourse - probably the cheapest textbook I ever bought at $ 12.95 . The first chapter derives the ensembles from the quantum perspective.This has the advantage of generality and the disadvantage thatit requires some rudimentary knowledge of quanta and is lessexpedient for the scientist who is only concerned with classicalstat-mech . Once the foundations are laid , the book is divided intoapplications to non-interacting and interacting systems . In thelatter category is the virial expansion for imperfect gases . Thisderivation makes an unnecessary effort to introduce a relativeactivity . The derivation in Jackson 's book is more transparentand shorter without sacrificing rigor . The Mayer expansion forhard spheres is treated in useful detail.Chapter 18 includes a good description of the Debye-Hueckel theoryof electrolytes . The derivation of the Flory-Huggins theory ofpolymer solutions in Chapter 21 is excellent - more concise andeffortless than all others that I have seen . Chapter 14 covers thesolution of the one-dimensional Ising magnet but I still have troubleunderstanding this one . The appendices are useful and includethe maximum term method and method of undetermined multiplierswhich are the cornerstone of the fundamental theorems .
 Twenty five years since I 've seen a classroom . I had a burning desire to pick up where I left off . What I needed was a good introduction but I could not find my `` Elements of Statistical Thermodynamics '' by K. Nash -LRB- an excellent little book -RRB- . So I tried Chandler 's book , modern but not a beginners text . For the true beginner , I 'd suggest `` Intro . To Thermophysics by Espinola , WCB -LRB- c -RRB- 1994 '' . After Espinola , go to Hill 's book a great bridge at a bargin before going to Chandler . Hill 's style is clear but examples are given a condensed treatment . Not a problem solving book , but a good book if physical understanding and a bridge forward is your goal .
 If you are intrested with studing statistical mechanics then start here . Hill starts from the defintions and postulates of thermodynamics and then moves into applications and problems . You will need to understand Diff EQ for this book.The first chapter took me a week to read and work out the math but then I red the rest in 4 weeks . It is a hard start because Hill develops your background before starting with applications of the theory . I really began to grasp the subject after reading this book . Ohter books will not lay the mathout as well as Hill does . It is a hard read because Hill is so thorough , but the rewasd is well worth the struggle . It is a great introduction and I suggest all of Hill 's Stat mech book . Another great bargin from DOVER PRESS.At the price I recomend it to all graduate chemical engineers and chemists
 This is an ancient stat . mech . book with a lot of old topics . Most of the chapters after 8 -LRB- there are 22 I think -RRB- are directed towards chemical applications . I think this book and McQuarrie are about even , Chandler is better if you know a little about stat mech already , much much worse if you know nothing . This book is also really cheap so I do n't think you can go wrong in getting it . The explanations are pretty good in both this and McQuarrie , though I do n't always like the organization of Hill .
 I am a devout follower of this book - it 's written by a genius for people who really want to understand stat thermoD , not just to prepare for classes , but to gain a perspective on how to handle the tedious mathematical structure of stat themoD . I am absolutely in love with this book and have found it to be much much more challenging and interesting that other comparable books , which border on spoon feeding its reader with every morbid detail -LRB- most of which are often quite basic concepts -RRB- . It 's to the point , written with authority . He covers quite a large number of topics . Although the book is quite old , its structure is very appealing to me.Those who like succinct equations to try and understand a concept - they would love with this book , right from the very first chapter . This book has another complementary book by the same author -LRB- Statistical Mechanics
 This was the textbook in the statistical mechanics course I took a few years ago . The single greatest feature of this book compared to so many other texts in statistical mechanics and related fields is its clear presentation of some sort of intuition behind the concepts . That alone makes it worth buying . And it 's so cheap that you may as well just buy it .
 I 'm a second year grad student coming from some measure of background in quantum mechanics and thermodynamics , but with no experience in statistical mechanics . I found Hill 's book a fantastic introduction to the topic . Of particular note is his terse but clear writing - he very quickly and accurately conveys requisite information in each of his derivations , making the text easily understandable . I 've had none of the problems of ambiguities or a lack of clarity that can be encountered in many physics textbooks.I can highly recommend this title , it 's one of the better written physics textbooks I 've seen .
 i 'm a student of applied chemistry and this book has everything you need too know as undergraduate of statistical thermodynamics
 An excellent text book for Physical Chemist who want to get sound footing in Statistical Thermodynamics.Inorder to really get a good view of the basics of statistical mechanics the reader really needs to spend an adequate amount of time in digesting the contents of the initial chapter . However , after spending some amount of time in reading those initial chapters , one can grasp the latter parts of the book in a quite interesting fashion.In my opinion , this book is a must for those who want to master the statstical thermodynamics . Infact , one would be really amazed at the standard of the book considering the fact that it is reasonably old . No new standard books on ' Statistical Mechanics ' can provide such an adequate foundations as it in this book . I would strongly recommend this book along with the other book ` Statistical Mechanics ' by the same author.Sasisanker Padmanabhan
 If you like numbers and statistics -LRB- and I do -RRB- this is the text for you -LRB- and me -RRB- . It reads like a mystery novel -LRB- NOT REALLY -RRB-
 I picked up this book used for a couple dollars while on vacation and spent the rest of my vacation reading it . I rated this book 4 stars because even though I found it to be very enjoyable , I seemed to easily figure out where the plot was heading , Nevertheless , I was still surprised by the ending . I found the tension between hester and Monk to be both intriguing and frustrating , especially when it was not resolved at the end of the book . Needless to say , I was delighted to discover that there are 11 -LRB- soon to be 12 -RRB- more books in the series . I plan to read them all .
 I recently finished reading the whole of Perry 's `` Thomas & Charlotte '' Pitt series , set in London of the 1880s and ` 90s , so it seems reasonable now to work my way through this second , and in some ways subsidiary , series . Like Pitt , Inspector William Monk is a London cop -- but of a full generation before . This first novel is set in 1856 , shortly after the Crimean War , when Pitt -LRB- as near as I can estimate -RRB- would have been a very small boy running around the estate where his father was the gamekeeper . Monk was apparently born around 1820 in a fishing village in Northumberland , and that difference of some three decades saw enormous changes in England , both socially and economically . -LRB- Similar to the changes in the world in which your grandparents lived in the 1930s , compared with 2008 . -RRB- At the beginning of the story , Monk wakes up in hospital , having been involved in a terrible traffic accident in which he struck his head traumatically . Now he remembers nothing -- not even his name or what he looks like . By sheer luck and authorially mandated coincidence , he identifies his profession and finds his way to his rented rooms , but he 's lost all his detective skills , all memory of his earlier cases . He has even apparently undergone a basic change in personality and does n't care for what he discovers about his own character and reputation . Now , amnesia simply does n't work like that , as Perry ought to know -- or as she ought to have found out while doing her research . Amnesiacs do n't lose their own names any more than they forget how to walk or speak their native language . However , if one is willing to commit a willing suspension of disbelief , as they say , and accept what the author says has happened to Monk , then the portrait she paints of a strongwilled , intelligent , ambitious man struggling to find himself -LRB- and to defend himself -RRB- is quite fascinating . The actual plot involves the bloody beating-to-death of Major Joscelin Grey in his rooms by persons unknown and it does n't take Monk long to eliminate all the possible suspects -- not a happy situation for a detective . As the investigation progresses -LRB- which Monk appears to manage more by instinct than by mounting an organized investigation -RRB- , he meets a young married woman who obviously knew him before his accident -- but , of course , he does n't remember her , though he certainly wishes he did . However , it 's the woman 's sister-in-law , Hester Latterly , who is obviously intended to become Monk 's sidekick . She 's a willful sort who went off to the Crimea to nurse the wounded and sick under Florence Nightingale and who has a very low tolerance for crap of any sort . -LRB- One has to wonder if she might have known Aunt Vespasia in her younger years ... -RRB- The plot and the action are pretty well worked out but it 's the detailed characters who will hold your attention . And somehow , given Monk 's rather dark psyche , I do n't think he and Pitt would get along .
 I thoroughly enjoyed The Face of a Stranger . Some sections were just a little slow moving , but on the whole I thought the pace was good - the setting is Victorian England , after all , where police work could n't be expected to go at breakneck speed . The characterization was excellent , and I found myself becoming more and more involved in Monk 's dilemma over his amnesia and his realizations about his own personality . If the amnesia is not accurately presented from a medical point of view I really do n't mind , as I 'm reading a novel not a textbook and I 'm willing to suspend disbelief . Hester Latterly is a wonderful character , and I look forward to her appearances in the later books in the series . The conventions , attitudes , repressed emotions and hidebound respectability of the upper and middle classes of the time are accurate and very well described . A really good and involving read .
 Since I started somewhere in the middle of the series , this book was the explanation of who Monk was and about his accident in which he lost his memory . This is a wonderful series and I would recommend it to anyone and suggest beginning with this book , &#34; The Face of a Stranger &#34; which is the first in the series , for a more complete appreciation of each following book .
 An excellent and &#34; clean &#34; author of intriguing mysteries . It 's nice to pick up a book and not have to wonder if there will be content that will be offensive !
 I will keep this short and to the point ... the plot and characterization are brilliant but the writing inserts repetitive analytic asides on almost every page ... a good writer does indeed use this technique to enrich the story and Perry does succeed quite nicely at times ... the problem is totally that she repeats the ideas with little added information many times . If Perry were to rewrite this novel and remove about 30 or so pages of this baggage , she would have one of the best detective novels ever written . Still I highly recommend this book .
 Introduction to Inspector Monk . The amnesia angle I did n't care that much for but Perry uses it to slowly develop her hero . To a degree this works and gives her plenty of room to take him wherever she feels . Hester is also a very good character who I see by other book jackets is a regular in the Monk mysteries . She 's independent , clever and mature . It 's pleasing to note that there 's not a flicker of romance between the two , and I wait to see how the pair work together in the next book . The murder mystery is fairly standard but as always with Perry , the social constraints of the time are evoked well . You understand how men & women behaved the way they did .
 In Victorian-era London , a man awakens in a place he does n't recognize . Gradually he realizes that he is in a hospital , and a nurse informs him that he has been waking each day unable to recall the day before . Now he can remember from day to day , but the past - his entire lifetime before the carriage accident that put him here - is a void . He knows he must be past 30 years old , but he can not even recall his own name.He is William Monk , a police detective , according to the superior officer named Runcorn who grudgingly visits him . When he is released and goes to the address where he 's told he lives , he discovers almost nothing about his past personal life . There are only paid bills in his desk , and letters from a sister in Northumberland . Since he knows of no other personal connection , and he is not yet well enough to work , he visits his sister - whom he has not seen in many years , so she finds it not a bit odd that they meet as strangers . After that he returns to London and reports to the police station , where Runcorn assigns him a case . Monk works desperately hard to keep everyone around him from guessing that he remembers nothing , and as he begins to learn about himself through the eyes of others he finds that he does not like the man he was at all . As for the case , he finds himself moving inexorably toward suspecting that the murderer may just be ... none other than William Monk.I 've read this series far out of order , catching up with its debut volume only after reading many subsequent installments . That did not harm my enjoyment one bit . I did find that the story flowed with less assurance , but that is only natural in the first book of a newly launched series . It was fun to learn how Monk met Hester Latterly , the former Crimean war nurse who later becomes such an important part of his new life ; and the mystery worked well , although I did find it hard to believe that almost no one realized Monk 's altered behavior was due to loss of memory . -- Reviewed by Nina M. Osier , author of 2005 science fiction EPPIE winner `` Regs ''
 great premiss with a good character . I would often stop just to daydream about the period . Hard and cruel , but fasinating . wow , talk about class differances .
 Introduction to a series which obviously became rather popular . This offering peaked my curiosity enough to read the second in the series . However , that is where I had to stop .
 I was delighted and captivated by this Anne Perry mystery . Her character , detective William Monk , wakes up in a Victorian hospital in 1857 or so , with no memory of who he is -- but he does know enough to realize that the man visiting him at the hospital -- his boss -- is an unmitigated jerk who will ruin him , if he can . So Monk hides the depth of his amnesia and returns to work , to catch a killer and wrestle with the mystery of his own identity.He discovers two disquieting and alarming facts -- that he is not a man imbued with sweetness and light , and that he might himself have been responsible for a murder.This is set against a canvas of exquisitely detailed mid-Victorian life and culture -- bran pillows in the hospital ! -- and against Monk 's own mysterious personality , which is in some ways , a character in its own right.I believe it is quite clear from the way Perry writes , what she thinks of her own actions . A very strong moral code tuns through all of her stories . I can not praise this book or the author enough . She is no Charles Manson .
 The best Anne Perry book I 've ever read ! Character development that creates compassion and intrigue . Sometimes Perry takes you on an amazing ride that fizzles out in the end , but this story delivers interest and meaning through to the very end . If you like mysteries , you 'll LOVE it . If you like historical fiction , you 'll LOVE it . If you like good stories , you 'll LOVE it .
 He wakes up in a London hospital in terrible pain . It 's the nineteenth century , when hospitals kill as many people as they cure . He does n't know how he got there or who he is . His very face in the mirror is the face of a stranger.Only when his boss appears at his bedside does he learn his name and profession
 `` Face of a Stranger , '' a British mystery , is first in the series of historical novels about William Monk , a British Victorian-era policeman stationed in London , then , thanks to air pollution , the Big Smoke . It is written by Anne Perry , veteran prolific author of 14 further William Monk novels , also the popular Thomas and Charlotte Pitt novels , as well as series on World War I and Christmas.Perry is surely one of the most unusual of mystery novelists , as she is , herself , a convicted murderer . She was born Juliet Hulme , in England , in 1938 , daughter of Dr. Henry Hulme , a physicist . As she was diagnosed with tuberculosis , she was sent by her family to the Caribbean and South Africa , in search of healthier climes . She rejoined her family when her father took a position as rector of the University of Canterbury in New Zealand . There she became extremely close friends with another teenager , Pauline Parker ; the two girls brutally murdered Parker 's mother in an extremely famous case , filmed in 1994 asHeavenly Creatures , -LRB- in which , I believe , the teenage Kate Winslet made her film debut , playing Hulme . -RRB- The girls were underage , and so were sentenced to incarceration at the discretion of the Minister of Justice , which proved to be for five years each . After she was released from prison , Hulme returned to England to become a flight attendant ; she then settled in the United States , and finally Scotland , where she apparently still lives.The Cleveland Plain Dealer has said that `` her grasp of Victorian character and conscience still astonishes , '' and any reader must concur . She renders not only an extremely accurate account of the period , and its mores , but a passionate one , as regards the torment of the poor . For make no mistake , only a lucky few lived in the comfortable , easy `` Masterpiece Theatre '' style we have come to take for granted ; and , furthermore , only a lucky few were able to find positions as domestic servants to these people , and to benefit even a little from their comfort . The rest of the population lived short and miserable lives , in overcrowded , starved , diseased conditions ; and William Monk , Perry 's detective , is very aware of the dichotomy , and angered by it . Moreover , Perry sets the book during Britain 's famed Crimean war
 Who knew that a character with no memory of who he is would be so compelling ? Most authors who use the old `` main character with amnesia '' hook gradually return pieces of the past , eventually leading up to a final revelation that clears up all confusion . Perry is a brave author , she leaves her protagonist and the reader with fewer clues and more questions than they started with.The Face of a Stranger begins in a squalid hospital in Victorian England , where a patient has just woken from a coma . Having no memory of who he is or why he is there , he is shaken and fearful of what he might learn . Soon enough it comes to light that he is William Monk , a police officer who lost his memory in a violent carriage accident . Rather than admit he has no memory of his former life and risk losing his job , he returns to work and is immediately placed on the puzzling murder of a prominent English gentleman . As he investigates the case , he also searches for some recollection of his former life . Through the eyes of people he once knew , he learns that he was not a very nice man , in fact even he does n't like his former self . One thing is undeniable though , he was an excellent crime solver and his skills are one thing that he has managed to retain . The only allies he has are his partner , John Evan , and a young nurse fresh home from the Crimean war , Hester Latterly . Evan seems to genuinely like Monk , while Hester can barely stand him . Together , they must piece together the solution to the case before all of London is calling for Monk 's resignation.I ca n't explain what it is about this book that interests me . I 'm not a big fan of historical fiction , but the interesting plot is a good point in Anne Perry 's favor . William Monk is a very captivating lead , and Hester Latterly is a formidable foil for him . I 'll definitely be picking up the next book .
 A man wakes up in a hospital with no memory of who he is or what has happened to him.This is the first Anne Perry mystery I read and it had me hooked from the first page.Perry uses the artifice of amnesia to create a fascinating protagonist , a multifaceted character of exceptional depth . The reader joins Monk as he slowly discovers who he is -- it is not always a pretty picture . One feels his desperation as he attempts to hide his memory loss and his frustration as he tries to solve a cold murder case and save his career.The story evokes all the splendor and squalor of Victorian era London . Perry has gift for creating atmosphere -- you can almost feel the fog and smell the coal smoke.The murder mystery itself is interesting , it 's resolution heartbreaking . But it is the enigma of William Monk that will stay in your mind long after you have closed the book.Happily , there are many more Monk novels to enjoy .
 The first novel in a prospective mystery series must have certain qualities in order to be successful . First and foremost , the lead character must be appealing , even when flawed ; the character must have redeeming qualities to endear him in some way to the reader . Then it helps if the mystery is well thought out , challenging and intriguing , and finally the supporting players must be well-rounded , characters that will continue to grow with the series . Perry succeeds in all these things with her introduction of William Monk . An amnesiac detective , in the middle of a case that will break him if handled incorrectly , fights to regain some semblance of what his life used to be all the while attempting to hide his impairment from all those involved . Monk 's gradual discovery of his own past personality and his distaste for the man he was is an excellent idea to start the series and his original meeting with nurse Hester Latterly is a great example of the `` tempestuous '' meeting that often leads to romantic involvement in these types of books . Sure there 's predictability to these types of books but with Monk , Perry has created a solid addition to the Victorian thriller genre .
 After waking in a hospital ward with no recollection of who or what he is , the man who comes to know himself as William Monk is forced to learn the rest , beyond his name and job title
 Anne Perry is a prolific novelist with a big following , but I had never heard of her until `` The Face of a Stranger '' came to my attention . It is the first of her 18 books in her Detective Monk series . Monk is a Scotland Yard detective in the 1850 's , who navigates through London 's upper crust to solve the murder of an aristocrat . He is aided by Hester , whom he marries in later books , who herself was a nurse with Florence Nightingale in the Crimean War . `` The Face of a Stranger '' is an easy book to read and the solution of the murder is not obvious , but evolves from careful detective work carried out against the very interesting background of Victorian London . Enjoyable .
 I loved Kate Ross 's ` Julian Kestrel ' Series and Ashley Gardner 's ` Captain Lacey ' series and I have been looking for another series that I might enjoy as much . This looked like it might have promise.I 've read the first two books in this series over the course of just a few days . I will say that I liked the first one enough to run out to the library just before they closed so that I could pick up number two in the series even though I have a ridiculous number of books already waiting to be read inside the house.William Monk awakens in a hospital bed not knowing who or where he is . What he later learns is that the was in an handsome cab accident that took the life of the cab driver . He is a London detective and was working on a case at the time of his accident but now can not remember anything about the details he learned through the course of his investigation . He recalls nothing of the man he was , what he valued or who his friends are . He feels sure his direct supervisor Inspector Runcorn has no fond feelings for him at all.I like the character William Monk , I liked the premise that he has to conceal his memory loss so that he wo n't lose his livelihood , I liked the gritty period details and the character of Hester Latterly who has just returned from nursing in the Crimean War . The mystery was interesting and I was fearful about what Monk would discover about the murder as well as himself . I also liked Monk 's coworker Sergeant John Evan . There was a good element of suspense that kept me reading and at the end of this novel as I said before I wanted to continue reading about Monk and Hester Latterly .
 The first book in the Monk series was enjoyable and I am ready to read more . I love the setting .
 The Face of a Stranger was enjoyable more for its time travel tour of London circa 1857 than for it mystery , which was n't bad either . I had read other titles in the Monk series so I went into this book with preexisting knowledge of the main characters , but how fascinating it must be for those reading this mystery as an introduction to Anne Perry 's 1850s series . Incidentally , I did n't figure out the solution to the mystery , but then again I am blessed with a capacity to sit back and be entertained instead of trying to figure things out . While not an earth shaking conclusion or even a pleasing one , there was and often is realism in how Ms. Perry wraps up her tales of sanguine crime.On to the next !
 William Monk does n't remember his name . He does n't remember his life , his past , who he is and what he 's like . Those who know him tell him he 's a detective with the police , but Monk ca n't remember having anything to do with the police . In fact , he does n't even remember his family , or his childhood . When he looks in the mirror , he sees a stranger , not his own face . But he must hide his lack of memory if he 's to discover who he is . Life as a detective may give him some insight as to who he is . But then he is put on the most difficult case - the case of Major Joscelin Grey , who has been beaten to death in his own appartment , and then further beaten after he was dead . As Monk tries to hide his loss of memory , he must solve the two cases thrust upon him - Major Grey 's as well as his own - at the cost of much more than anyone can fathom . ____________________________________________ I 'm utterly impressed . What a story - what characters - what a murder and a way to solve it . I 've read one other Anne Perry novel -LRB- Buckingham Palace Gardens -RRB- and was completely engrossed . I expected to love this one ... and boy , did I!I 'll start with the characters . You know those characters that you love from the moment you meet them ? Well , here 's one that I loved from page one ... literally . I loved him when he was waking in darkness , all alone , with no memory . I wanted to be his friend , to see him well , to watch him build success after such an accident - such a downfall . His name is William Monk . All of Anne Perry 's characters are very humanized , to say the least . They all feel - love , hate . They cry and laugh . They all struggle with something deeper than the surface . And while it is fascinating to see this in her other characters , with William Monk , it was a treat , a desert to be savored . We watch him as he is seeing himself - as though for the first time , with no recollection of the past . We are a part , from the very beginning , of his self-discovery . We see what he sees , understand what he understands . We are kept in the dark and we are captivated by the newness of Monk 's life as it is to him , however old or young he may be . The rest of Anne Perry 's characters , while not seen from this angle and depth , are all so well drawn out that within a few sentences about them , you feel as though you know them , and yet you have a fascination to learn evern more.I really enjoyed Evan 's character as well , and the part he plays in the story . He 's a young , new detective who looks up to the brilliant William Monk with an innocence that makes him human . As you watch Monk and the story unfolding , you also see what it 's like to be a newbie detective in Victorian England . Evan affected Monk 's character in ways that I loved - but you 'll have to read the book to see for yourself!The story line here is interesting and quite original . -LRB- There have been books about lost memories before , and there will be more , I 'm sure , but this had something unique to it . -RRB- While it fluctuates from being a page-turner to just your average mystery novel , it never lost my interest ... not once . And I never felt lost about what was going on . Even with twists in the story and new additions of suspects and characters , I felt on top of the case and ready to kick some murderer-butt . And then there is the writing ... . It 's smooth , like melted chocolate - and it tastes just as good . She writes simply , elegantly , and with a class and style that is a God-given gift . The quote that I posted last week is an example of her perfect and realistic descriptions . I read this and I immediately cared for the woman she was describing - and I did n't even know her name . -LRB- Her dialogue is also realistic and very intriguing . It 's very right for the time period . -RRB- Oh , and the end ... Do n't even get me started on how shocked and excited and nervous I got.So would I recommend this book ? Yes
 I have only recently discovered Anne Perry and her two series of Victorian mysteries . I am in love with William Monk . I have read both series , Charlotte and Thomas Pitt and William Monk , and Monk is my favorite by just a hair . I have just recently ordered ALL of the back list of Monk novels and am looking forward to lots and lots of reading pleasure . Get these books you will not be sorry .
 The only reason I did n't rate `` I love it '' is that statement is offensive to me except in something -LRB- or someone -RRB- I really love , as
 I loved this book ! Amnesia stories are always interesting , and this one is especially so as the main character is right in the middle of solving a horrible murder when he has an accident and loses his memory . Very exciting - ca n't wait to read the rest of the series !
 After reading the last of the Charlotte and Thomas Pitt Series I felt let down with nothing to follow . I finally , after some months and reading various other authors , started with the first of Perry 's Monk series . Wow , I am happy again in the familiarity of this author 's classy style . ` Face of A Stranger ' , the 1st in the Monk Series , is full of suspense , is really an interesting story , and was hard to put down once I had started to read . I am truly looking forward to reading the next in this series .
 Let me begin by saying I am a fan of Anne Perry . The Thomas andCharlotte Pitt series is very good . Ms. Perry writes with suchdetail about this era and it is always very evocative . I like theWilliam Monk/Hester Latterly series very much . Monk is a man withouta memory in this first book and Nurse Latterly helps solve the murderwhile easing Monk 's fears that he knows something quite terribleabout the murder but has forgotten it . I have read the next two booksin this series and I can honestly say that Monk & Latterly will bea team as the series moves on . Very enjoyable so far .
 In a nutshell
 I 'm not a fan of every Anne Perry series , and but these books featuring William Monk are chewy-chunky delicious . This is the first in the series . Set in mid-nineteenth century London and featuring a police detective who has lost his memory in an accident , they are studies of the inequities of the past and the horrors of Victorian England , wonderfully character-dense , and intricate mysteries . Almost all of them end with a dramatic trial with lots of intrigue and machinations . Therein lies a strength and something of a weakness , as the trials are enthralling , but sometimes -LRB- in some of the books -RRB- seem over-long to me.In this first book , fresh from the accident and memory loss , William Monk tries to cover up the fact that he does n't know who he is or anything about his life . If he loses his job as police inspector , he could well end up in the poor house , a Victorian horror . So he tries to piece together who he is at the same time he tries to solve a murder . The more he finds out about the man he 's been , the less he likes himself , and as he gets closer to the resolution of the mystery , he fears he himself may be the prime suspect .
 This book was very well written . Detective Monk awakes in a hospital after an accident with amnesia . He quickly realizes that in order to keep his job he must solve the case without letting his boss know that he has no memory of life before the accident . The author does a very good job of keeping your interest with a great cast of characters . I am very excited to read the next book in the series .
 Interesting twist to the normal murder mystery plot . Nice character development made all the richer by the setting in Victorian England . I could n't put it down ! Ca n't wait to read more Ann Perry Novels and learn more about William Monk !!
 I ca n't wait to read another of Anne Perry 's Books . This book kept be busy for hours on end .
 I picked this book up on a lark , just browsing at the library through the stacks . I ca n't even say what caught my eye about it . After reading it , however , I heartily recommend the book.The story starts with an amnesiac detective in the mid-19th century in London . As he returns to duty , he needs to rediscover himself as much as he needs to solve the case that he is assigned . I particularly enjoyed the idea that Monk , the protagonist , did n't like his old self that much -LRB- even though I do n't think amnesia would change a person 's basic traits -RRB- . In any case , the Crimean War background , along with fine writing , make this historical mystery stand out . I plan to read other Monk novels after giving myself a short break.I think this book will mainly appeal to two types of readers
 The mistake Perry made in her Pitt series was developing her characters too quickly -- she has had to compensate by introducing a rather large cast of supporting characters . This , the first in her William Monk series , avoids that gaffe by inducing amnesia in her hero -- he hardly knows who he is or what he 's about . It may be preposterous , but it 's also an enjoyable read and an outstanding mystery.The story has Monk attempting to learn the set of circumstances that resulted in his hospitalization and amnesia -- he must face the horrifying possibility that he was involved in a vicious crime , and he knows too little of himself to trust that he was incapable of such a deed . He learns through the reactions of others that he was -LRB- is ? -RRB- not a nice man , and the more he learns , the more he doubts himself . The fact that his past does not come flooding back to him after another bump on the head speaks well to Perry 's prowess as a writer.Hester Latterly and Oliver Rathbone are the edgy counterparts to Monk 's dark personality . Though never friends , these three circle each other with wary respect . Monk himself is an appealing character , the mystery is top-notch , and the Victorian setting is quintessential Perry -- she has made it uniquely her own .
 William Monk awakens in a Victorian-era London hospital with amnesia . Over the course of this book , he returns to his job as a policeman , hoping that work will help him regain his memory as well as his detecting skills . What 's fascinating is that not all he discovers about his life before the accident is flattering -- including the fact that he may very well have been responsible for a serious crime . Over the course of Perry 's new series -- this book being the debut -- Monk 's past will at various times haunt , delight , and maybe even endanger him , and the people who come to be his allies do n't always like him , but their loyalties to one another shine through . As with the Pitt mysteries , Anne Perry 's trademark detail and eye-opening descriptions of what Victorian life was really like make this an entertaining way to read away a winter afternoon
 I have read 3 or 4 William Monk books , but did n't pay any attention to order . I have really enjoyed them , so I thought I would start at the first and read them all in order . Now I more clearly understand about Monk 's amnesia . It was really fun learning about Monk 's 1st meeting with Hester Latterly . Great ending , although I felt very sympathetic to the killer . I love Anne Perry 's books . Next , I 'll probably read the Thomas Pitt novels in order .
 In this book , William Monk wakes in a hospital in Victorian London with no memory of who he is or even what he looks like . This devastatingly frightening condition is no match for Monk though ; his deep-seated instincts , which made him a formidable police detective -LRB- as he learns is his profession -RRB- , lead him to slowly figure out , little by little , who he is and allow him solve a brutal murder.Anne Perry provides a good mystery with a twist . I really liked the way she provided insight into Monk 's thought process , fear and confusion while trying to discover all he can about himself.I gave this book four stars instead of five only because I guessed ahead of time a significant plot point ; however , this book is still a four star novel because I was surprised by the ending and was very impressed and fascinated by the way Perry introduces her characters , lets us get one impression of each , and then provides more in-depth information and personality development.This book will pull you right in !
 Even though the first few chapters seemed a bit slow for my taste , I thoroughly enjoyed this book . The personal problem of William Monk is different from most main characters in other books . The reader is getting to know him as he , too , is getting to know himself . I was surprised at the end of chapter 10 when he remembered something about himself , and for those who have read this book will know why . John Evan and Hester Latterly are other characters I liked , and I 'm glad to hear they are in the other books . I did n't care too much for Hester 's `` flashbacks '' from the war , but then at the end I was thankful there was a reason for them . I will definitely read the next book , A Dangerous Mourning , despite some of the bad reviews written about it .
 Yes , it 's that vital . I picture the Timothy Dalton circa BBC 's `` Jane Eyre '' to be very similar to the wolfish , well-dressed , passionate William Monk . Once you get to know him -LRB- despite his memory loss -RRB- you 'll care very much about his character in subsequent novels . He 's definitely a unique character in mystery fiction . This novel features a decent mystery , but serves mostly to introduce us to a completely different set of characters , and indeed a different time period than the Thomas and Charlotte Pitt novels . You 'll like Hester Latterly , who reminds me of Emma Thompson . She nursed the wounded in the horrific battlegrounds of the Crimea , and is full of righteous indignation about hospital reform . Oliver Rathbone is a surprisingly moral barrister who takes a shine to Hester immediately , unlike Monk who keeps trying to convince himself that she is NOT his type . -LRB- Methinks he doth protest too much ... -RRB- Dive on in and get ready for a steady series of interesting mysteries and even better courtroom scenes . Enjoy !
 I went through the Pitt series first and picked up the Monk series with some trepidation ... after twenty-odd books the Pitts were all beginning to look alike . I was pleasantly surprised by `` The Face of a Stranger '' and the Monk series remains one of my favorites.Actually , it * is * possible to incur brain injury erasing memory but not touching your skills . We learned in class here at university about that , as they involve two separate areas of the brain . There are folks that ca n't remember yesterday but can still beautifully play the piano , perform surgery , etc.True , some of Monk 's amnesia is a bit selective , but this is a work of fiction and thus does entail inclusion of some possibly not-perfectly-realistic elements.Monk 's a great character , if not one easy to like . Flawed and all-too-human , it 's also fun to watch his development through later books , so do n't give up on him after `` Face '' . Thomas Pitt was a * little * too perfect for my taste , so I rather like the darker character Monk presents . It 's also a relief that Monk does not spontaneously recover his memory in a common author 's cop-out . Also , Hester Latterly 's the perfect foil for him , and their clashes are always amusing to read in each book , right from that first meeting in the countryside.The mystery itself is interesting , and I noted that Ms. Perry once said that she intended for this to be a one-time book and not a series , intending to have Monk be the killer . I 'm very glad she decided not to abandon him , even if he needs a good reality check at times . Not the absolute best of the Monk series , but a spirited and promising beginning to a great series .
 Inspector Monk is one of the most riveting figures you will ever come across in Victorian mysteries . Initially , I was not sure that I would like this Anne Perry series because of the initial premise -LRB- Monk has had an accident and can not remember his own identity or anything about his past life -RRB- nor was I sure I would like a series without Charlotte Ellison Pitt ! I was drawn in immediately by Perry 's amazing ability to explore the secrets that can reside within the most seemingly secure and blameless households.The Inspector Monk novels -LRB- of which this is the first -RRB- are darker and more gritty than the Pitt novels . There are few veils between the cruel and dangerous world of mid-century London and the reader , which gives the novels a faster pace and often more complicated plots . While some readers have taken issue with the amnesiatic Inspector Monk , I feel that his lack of awareness about his own past is a metaphor for the blindness his social betters are willing inflict upon themselves in order to keep up appearances . Monk 's desire to KNOW , however , provides an interesting point of comparison with the people he must investigate who seem not to want to know anything at all that will make their lives unpleasant.I have spoken more about character than plot in this review , and that is largely because Anne Perry 's mysteries seem to me to pivot on their protagonists 's characters . The plot of this novel , and the mysteries at the center of it , do not disappoint any more than the characters . As Monk tries to untangle his own personal mysteries , he is expected to get to the bottom of a mystery that involves death , financial ruin , and the closely-guarded secrets of some very proper families .
 Amnesia has probably occured in fiction more often than in fact . But rarely has it been handled better than is in this fascinating mystery , The Face of a Stranger . Imagine waking up not knowing who you are . Imagine having to pretend you have n't lost your memory because acknowledging it would mean the end of your job and probable poverty . Perry explores this fascinating territory in the character of William Monk , working class Victorian detective.The characters are probably the strongest part of this novel . Monk is most interesting as snatches of his past are revealed to him -- not all of which are pleasant . Hester Latterly is introduced as the veteran of Crimean War nursing -LRB- think Florence Nightengale -RRB- . Even the circle of friends and acquaintences of the victim span a variety of circumstances . The Crimean War also plays a significant role as England struggles to come to terms with its lost sons and prestige.The unraveling of the mystery works quite well with an appropriate number of informative red herrings.All things considered , a dandy read . The book is a bit on the dark and bleak side , but nothing so depressing that you would n't want it for a vacation read . I look forward to learning more about Monk in the next book in the series , A Dangerous Mourning .
 ` Science of the Gods ' by David Ash and Peter Hewitt is a great place to begin if you 're a novice in the mysterious and thought provoking universe of quantum physics . This rather slender paperback , only 192 pages in length , is simply crammed with infomative material . Such topics as resonance theory , super energy , time and space considerations , matter and the space vortex , parallel worlds and multi-layered , interconnected dimensions are intelligently discussed in an easy to understand manner . This is one of the real strengths of this book , its accessibility to the average reader.Add to that numerous and fascinating accounts of otherworldly encounters with beings from ` The Dimension of the Gods ' makes this book not only informative , but highly entertaining . My personal favorite section is chapter 9 - The Return of Pan.Have Ash and Hewitt successfully reconciled science and the supernatural ? Probably not , but it makes for a good read all the same . Highly Recommended !!
 What would a comprehensive graduate exam in political science or political behavior be without a review of Zaller 's now classic text ? Elite discourse , Zaller informs us , shapes public opinion . That is , powerholders have the ability to mold both the agenda of the public -- the political issues that citizens feel to be most important -- as well as their beliefs about these issues . The topic raises important normative and ethical issues and the book offers a number of starting points for follow-up research . A decidedly good , important buy , this one .
 Zaller 's argues public opinion on issues is unreliable , primarily because elite sources of information provide competing or multiple considerations causing public opinon polls to measure whatever recent elite message an individual has stored in thier short term memory . A classic and important text . Zaller is not a straightforeward read , but lays out an important theory . The theory lacks focus on the use of core values and partisanship on public opinion ; two important variables . Other than that it has held up to criticism for over a decade
 Zaller 's book presents an interesting elite-driven model of public opinion , which essentially concludes that opinion polls are less than reliable and we should be skeptical of attempts to measure the public 's attitudes . However , it is very dense , is chock-full of advanced statistics above the head of most political science graduate students , and therefore at the end of the day is somewhat unsatisfying.If you need a primer on public opinion research , this is n't it . But if you want to read cutting-edge work , and you have a good grasp of statistics , dive in .
 An interesting , and occasionally vexing , topic of study in political science is public opinion . In his book The American Democracy Thomas Patterson touches upon myriad issues that surround this topic
 Zaller turns our perception of polling data on its ear . People do n't think about most issues until they are asked , so opinion surveying might actually do more to shape opinions than actually report on them .
 You want to know about public opinion ? Read this book . You want to study political science past the undergraduate level ? Read this book .
 Zaller offers an insight into how public opinion is created and shifted to individuals . His view is that opinion is created within the circles of the elite , where political issues are given the proper amount of thought and consideration . After all , many in the public will not have the same time to devote to deciding what should be done in a particular instances . Zaller argues that the fact the media discusses the opinions of the elite ensures that the public will gain some insight into what they should think . A great example would be Glenn Beck and his legion of listeners . These people listen to Beck and get an idea of what is important to think about , but not how to think . They become informed about the what , but not exactly the how , unless they like those who are telling them of the issue . What all this means for the public is that issues are created among the elite and then communicated to the public , which insures that issues that are relevant to the public might not get the coverage they deserve . Anyway , this is a good book , but not for the masses . Sorry , but still good .
 I had to read this book for a class at school and its very well written . This book is very informative and a recommend reading .
 The effectiveness and accuracy of public opinion polls was always assumed , until this important and enlightening book . Zaller consolidates previous doubts about the very definitions of public opinion and how to measure it , and shows the shaky foundations of public opinion polls . In the fascinating early chapters of this book , we find that people 's political opinions and poll responses are often distressingly inconsistent ; with destabilizing effects from poll design , the ordering and language of questions , whether or not the person recently heard about the issues , and each person 's level of ideology and receptiveness to ideas.But this does not prove that people are uninformed , but that standard polling is woefully inadequate in measuring all of the idiosyncrasies of the human mind , and one 's opinions on complicated political matters . This book gets off to a great start by illuminating such fallacies . The first few chapters are strong enough to earn this book accolades as a poli-sci landmark . But after proving that public opinion is perhaps unmeasurable -LRB- at least accurately -RRB- , Zaller then spends the rest of the book measuring it himself anyway , with self-designed statistical models . However , it becomes difficult to tell whether he is using the results of his measurements to gain insight into actual public opinion , or merely to prove the viability of his own statistics.By the middle of the book Zaller has embarked on a tedious and uninspiring academic exercise in statistical modeling that adds little to the points that were already made convincingly early on . Unnecessarily complex statistical equations are piled on mundanely , along with unenlightening charts and graphs . Like many other political science writers , Zaller has focused on pleasing his colleagues who are more likely to be impressed by repetitive evidence and windy statistics , while forgetting about the informed general reader who may just find the big-picture conclusions fascinating . That makes the majority of this book somewhat disappointing , rather like standing on a mountaintop on a cloudy day . You know the view -LRB- i.e. insights into the political knowledge of the masses -RRB- could be tremendous , if it was n't obscured by clouds -LRB- i.e. academic tedium -RRB- . True knowledge can be gained by disregarding the dusty science of this book and concentrating on the greater insights that lie beneath . -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 Nice to be able to order a book that had been stolen from the Sydney University library ! The book arrived well packaged and in great condition .
 They truly do n't make laymen 's science books like this anymore . The art in this book is amazing , and the large size of this book allows the reader to really look closely at the pictures . I especially love the section on historical geology . The fold-out sections of that chapter blow me away every time.Not only is the art in this chapter a pleasure to look at , it is a wonderful supplement to the well-written text that accompanies the pictures . The text provides accurate information as far as I can tell , though some parts may be a bit dated since the book is already half a century old.I love this book and I just ca n't believe that I found it in a dumpster!I had to buy another on Amazon just because!As a science student educated in both biology and engineering , I find that this book inspires me to continue to pursue greater knowledge about the world because its presentation instills a sense of wonder in the reader , even one as myself who already knows all of the information contained in the book.Get one of these while you can . It 's a wonderful book .
 I had this book when I was a child and it got lost over the years , I oftenthought about trying to find a copy but until Amazon I had no idea where to look . It 's a great book for kids interested in our world and how it formed and the dinasaurs , underwater life etc. . The artwork is beautiful , and even though it was written in the 50 's most of the info is still accurate , even when they discuss the shrinking polar caps and why -LRB- so muchfor global warming -RRB- It 's written for older kids or even adults . So happy Ifound it .
 I wish this book would be re-published . I checked it out of the library a few weeks ago , and it gave me a clear , concise , and easy-reading summary of world history . I now want to keep it as a home reference for the family . Highly recommended !
 This book was published in 1955 , and it was the first book I ever owned . I remember spending hours looking through the pages and wondering what they all meant -LRB- I had n't learn to read yet -RRB- Owning a new copy of the book now is a sentimental rush .
 I read this story as a child . The author was a family friend of my mother 's and she gave me a signed copy of the book . The book is a wonderful tale about a girl working hard against many difficulties in her life to pursue her love
 I am shocked that this book has not been reissued , owing not only to the author 's genius and wit but to the subject matter itself . Fathers and Heretics is in my mind one of the best introductions to the personalities and ideas at play in the early Church . What you come away with from this very well written and accessible text is a broadening of your appreciation and understanding of what it means to believe in Christ . We sometimes tend to understand our beliefs as immediately drawn from Scripture , without the intermediaries of Fathers and heretics who have greatly shaped what we mean by theology . Our faith does not live in a vacuum and it is historically conditioned . What Prestige shows is that , if you are in line with the Fathers , you are in line with the revelation of God in Christ , and you owe them a big ` thank you ' for their defense of the faith once delivered to the saints . For in reality , we do not believe what we believe from a virgin reading of the Bible ; we are conditioned . And if you are in line with the heretics -LRB- most of whom were honest men who sought what was true , but unwilling to be open to being wrong -RRB- , you are in good modern company , but not in the Church , since the great heresies for the earlier periods have resurfaced under new names , with the fundamental philosophical or theological errors are the same . Either way , we are very much ` done unto ' . Topics include the following : - Tradition , or the scriptural basis of theology - Callistus , or faith in a divine savior - Origen , of the claims of religious intelligence - Athanasius , or the unity of God - Apollinaris , or divine irruption - Nestorius , or redeemed humanity - Cyril , or one Lord , one Faith , one Baptism - Eros , or devotion to the sacred humanity - IndexAlso highly recommended is Prestige ` sGod in Patristic Thought , Cruelty of Heresy
 Do you like small projects ? Would a quilt project be on your list ? This book is excellent . It has a variety of different patterns to choose from . Most are about 30 x 30 , with some being up to 60 x 60 . Definitely quick stitching from here . There is a color key at the front of the book with most of the colors used in the book . If a designer used extra colors or other items in their pattern , the pattern is marked so at a glance you would know.Soft cover and full color pictures . A true delight to have .
 I bought this to make an afghan for my Granddaughter . Lots of design ideas are included and stitch details to learn new techniques . It worked great for me , I used several designs and changed them slightly to make them `` mine '' .
 This is an excellent book
 I first got this book when I was in the 4th grade . Thats right , the 4th grade . It is an excellent compilation of above average stories . Ancient tales like the `` Calabash Man '' and `` The Tale Of The Gentle Folk . '' These stories can be appreciated across the board by all ages . The fantastic wording creates vivid pictures in the mind , and slips a moral in while you 're not looking . I struggle to describe my appreciation for this wonderful compilation of tales . It is still my favorite book , since the 4th grade , and I 'm in college . So it just goes to prove my point .
 Tales from Silver Lands by Charles J. Finger won the John Newbery Award in 1925 . I did n't know anything about the book when I picked it up other than it 's Newbery , but I must say , I was quite pleasantly surprised by what I found.I have always loved Fairy Tales . Like , a lot . If you remember , a few weeks ago I talked about my first experience reading Grimm 's Fairy Tales , which helped cement my love for reading them as well . -LRB- If you are really interested , click here , and you can go back and read it . -RRB- So , imagine my delight when I realized this was a collection of 19 fairy tales recorded by Finger from South America . Although I 'm not nearly as knowledgeable about other countries and their rich cultural histories as I 'd like to be , I 'm always open to learning more . And I think you can learn a lot about a society from their fairy tales and children 's stories.This was a real treat for me to read , and one I 'm definitely looking forward to adding to my shelves and rereading , not only for myself but also to read to kids . I used to read some of the Grimm 's fairy tales to my little brothers as a bedtime story , and I 'd love to be able to add these tales to stories I can read/tell to young kids.Although some of these stories might be classified as more mythology than fairy tale , I felt the same way reading these as I did reading the classic fairy tales . There 's that sense of magic and possibility , where you know anything can happen , and although things might get a little rough along the way , and there probably wo n't be super happy ending , the good guys do win in the end.I also noticed that the emphasis of each tale was placed on the struggles of each character rather than the resolution . The ending is always over so quickly . Normally , this is something that is a major no-no in writing , I mean , seriously . Who wants to read a 400 pg . build up to a 4 paragraph resolution ?! But it seems to work in fairy tales . The stories are n't about what happens , it 's about learning how to get there . We see their struggles , know their challenges and then we get to know they end up relatively alright in the end.This is definitely a book I would recommend . The writing is a little older , but to anyone who is a fan of fairy tales in their original setting -LRB- or people who want to write a fairy tale retelling but are wanting new material -RRB- this is a great book to read and one that I strongly recommend .
 This is a wonderful collection of tales from South America , which won the Newbery Medal 1925 . The stories are for all ages and written to intrigue the reader and whisk him or her to a far away land . Brave worriers , fair maidens , rich kings , evil witches , and ferocious giants are all a part of these tales . My only negative comment about this book is that towards the end it became somewhat repetitive . All the characters became somewhat similar and the plots -LRB- although diverse -RRB- had similar paths . However , this is a great book for children 's bedtime stories , and a treat to the adult who reads it to them .
 This book has a collection of South American folk tales about witches , etc. . It is written very well and can be read without having to reread and comprehend more of the page .
 The book which is a kind of a sequel to an epochmaking book by Alec Wilder is simply indispensable to anyone who is interested in the field . It is both intelligent and entertaining , as a book on popular music should be . Highly recommended .
 Classic American Popular Song
 In the years when my friends were sneaking peeks at `` Peyton Place '' , I was secretly devouring `` The Foxes of Harrow '' . This was after seeing the B-movie version starring Rex Harrison and Maureen O'Hara . To me it was every bit as good as `` Gone With the Wind '' and has stuck with me lo these many years . FYI , Frank Yerby had his picture on the jacket of my aunt 's Book Club edition , quite interesting for that time , as other readers have pointed out .
 I read this book for the first time twenty plus years ago . I 've never forgotten the characters . Yerby has created a great love story -LRB- that ends tragically of course -RRB- and brings the old south to life . I highly recommend it .
 Frank Yerby was an outstanding author and this is another example of his great writing .
 I read this book several years ago along with quite a few of his other books.I 've never been disappointed.The books are written in good form and the characters have extreme depth.My grandmother has this book in her library and I am now working on completing my collection .
 The first time I read this book I was fourteen years old -- forty-two years ago . Reading it then partly inspired me with a love of literature that led to my becoming a professor of literature and a novelist . Yerby never fails to seize the reader 's imagination . Even though his works have sometimes been referred to as pulp fiction , he does essentially what is required of the writer -- he seizes the reader and takes him on a pleasurable , thrilling journey through the imagination . As a black reader , I never even guessed from his writing that Yerby was black . His writing , as in The Foxes of Harrow , is color blind -- refreshing in a world increasingly obsessed with race . This is a `` must read '' for those in the next generation .
 This is the man
 It was interesting to read The Foxes of Harrow again , as a `` senior citizen , since I was only in my early teens the first time I read ... and enjoyed ... the book . It is quite sensual , considering the year it was written . It has held up fine during the years . I probably understood the nuances better as an adult than as a teenager . Frank Yerby was a brilliant writer , and in this book he presents a balanced view of what white slave owners and their slaves faced during that pre-civil war era . I could n't help comparing it with Gone With the Wind as I read it .
 I swiped my stepmother 's copy of Vixens from 1947 when I was just a kid in the 70 's and remembered almost the entire manuscript , it stuck in my mind so . Especially where Denise , Laird 's real love , not his wife , on his wedding night , sadly told him , that she knew his wife was mad , then proceeded to stand in for her , with the classic line , `` everyman deserves a wedding night '' . Laird was the hero , Hugh , the villian , Sabrina 's Laird 's sterotyped nuttier than a fruitcake spoiled southern belle post war , & to me , Denise is the all time REAL WOMAN IN BOOKS . Foxes of Harrow was just as mesmerizing and complicated . I just noticed something too . There is an Etienne Fox , Stephen Harrow 's son in Foxes name . He too was a sick , cowardly dirty white sheeted redneck . I wonder if Yerby had Vixens in mind when he did Foxes of Harrow ? -LSB- ... -RSB- My father , a loyal KKK sicko , blew a fuse and humilated me in elementary school for being assigned to do a report on Dr.Martin Luther King . I was all for it , and he refused to let me do it , because of Dr. King 's race . BUT HE BOUGHT MY STEPMOTHER YERBY 'S BOOKS , NEVER KNOWING THAT YERBY WAS BLACK , and around 20 years ago , my school book that I was to reference for Dr. King , somehow turned up in his home . Strange things happen in the name of justice . I think Oprah should discover Mr.Yerby 's outstanding history and especially as most black writers had a very hard time getting contracts back then . Foxes of Harrow , however , sold for a grand price of $ 3 & Vixens the same in hardcover , for a whopping 75 cents in paperback , plus , he was a book club 's pick on several occasions . I think that is magnificent history that should be wider known and told that he could acheive all that in a time , when that when it just did n't happen.Try some of his other books , like the Girl from Storyville , A Woman called Fancy , etc. . You 'll love them and see why he succeeded so well .
 I first read this book in 1962 . Today , I can remember the characters as if I had read the book yesterday . A beautiful love story written in a gentler time . A story that will tear at your heart and conscience . Very moving !
 What an eye opener of how things were way back in the days of slavery . Great read - frustrating at times realizing the behaviors of the people back then .
 I was lucky enough to find a copy of this beautiful book , The Foxes of Harrow , printed in 1947 and still in lovely condition . I first read this story when I was in school -LRB- nearly 60 years ago -RRB- at 14 years old and have never forgotten it . I read it in my forward thinking school 's library - and have had to wait until now to find a copy of my own . Unfortunately Frank Yerby seems to have become a forgotten author and I urge anyone who has never read one of his books to do so - you will not regret it . Frank writes in a wonderful , almost forgotten , way of drawing the reader into the setting and time in which the story unfolds - I doubt that there is another author who would bring the character , Stephen Fox , to life the way Yerby does , the way he makes you want to shake Mr Fox yet want to be him at the same time.The story follows Stephen Fox from his life as a clever gambler in the early 19th century and it 's trials , to becoming a planter of some renown and considerable wealth and his fixation with the beautiful woman he wanted as wife and mistress of his lovely plantation - acquired as a result of gambling and a duel.Read it and become addicted !!
 Having spent my life in south Louisiana , I am familiar with the culture of the `` bayou country '' . The `` Foxes of Harrow '' brings to life a bygone era of plantation life in the deep south . Sugar cane is still the main stay of southern communities , and great plantation homes still abound . This story gives one a sense of how things may have been during a time long past . I know this because ... my great grandfather 's plantation stands proud along the banks of the bayou Teche , just to the east of my home town of Jeanerette . The `` Foxes of Harrow '' , though fictional , is a testament of plantation life ... the good , and the bad .
 Great book , in great shape . Nice to purchase a first edition for such a low price .
 Very realistic and real size paper masks of Japan . Most of masks are from traditional Noh plays . I 'm taking a class of folklore in Miyazaki Municipal Collage , and the lecturer Ms. Fusako Izumi , who has been studying masks and puppets for 30 years , told me that it 's really nice book with correct details . She wanted to use it as material in college class ! Even in Japan , there 's no such kind of books to get the concepts of traditional masks easily . It 's a pity that one of masks seems to be more Korean rather than Japanese .
 Fun book , Brillant and colorful . Should be a fun thing with Children , Large and well presented .
 Okay this book is big , fat and very much `` Not of this world '' ! Misty , Eric , and Dave take us into a world where the Library of Alexandria was not destroyed , where magic works , and where evil walks -LRB- or in this case , swims -RRB- the night . So far rather tame for a fantasy . Well there is a whole lot more!The caracters in this book are not perfect and , frankly I do n't want them to be . They make mistakes , and fix them , get into trouble and get of it , fall in love , and out of it , and in general have a fine time doing it . How they do this is one of the things that makes the book so much fun . From a kinght , to a boat girl , an assssian on the run , a young heir needing help , a imperial heir hiding in plain sight , and a Emperor looking over everything , this book is packed with people.As to parts of the book being recycled from another series , Misty stated _ in public _ on Baen 's WebBoard , that some things were reused . And the parts that were reused were in the first couple chapters of the book . After that , it is all new material . The material was good and now has a new home . And I am glad she used it ! As for the writing styles , the three authors in question made a -LSB- darn -RSB- good book , and while it may not be to all tastes , it is to mine . Thank you Misty , Eric , and Dave . You have given me hours of reading pleasure and I ca n't wait for the next one !
 The Grand Duke of Lithuania , under the control of a demon , is thwarted in his expansion attempts by the Holy Roman Empire . But the Empire has many demands on its resources and the Duke realizes that the focal point is Venice . If the Empire can be persuaded to divert its efforts into the quagmire of Italy , evil has a good chance to run over the weakened borders . Renaisance Venice is a city of feuds , rich merchants , magic , and mystery . The Emperor sends his nephew and possible heir into the Italian stew , accompanied by a Norse/Vinlander bodyguard and a group of Teutonic-style knights . Two young brothers , Marco and Benito struggle for their place in the city , abandoned by their family but still hunted by vendetta enemies . And Maria and Kat work Venice 's famous canals in their gondolas . But the forces of evil are strong and Venice 's ancient protector sleeps deeply.Authors Mercedes , Eric Flint , and Dave Freer combine to create an intriguing alternate history . In this world , magic exists , Hypatia of Egypt converted to Christianity and became a Saint , the Greeks still control Constantinople , Germany is united in a useful empire that does n't quite squander all of its resources in Italy , and Lithuania and Hungary rather than the Ottoman Empire threaten the west . The Christian Church is split between Petrian and Pauline branches with the more rigid Pauline being especially strong in Germany closer to the battle against the demons themselves.THE SHADOW OF THE LION is a massive work -- and only the first in a multivolume series . Its focus is almost wholly on Venice -- the richest city in the world and a major link between east and west . Somehow , Marco and Benito must not only keep themselves alive , but also grow to the point where they can save the city . Because when the day comes , all of the Empire 's forces , even his nephew Manfred , will be able to do little unless Venice can shake off its lethargy.Alternate history buffs will enjoy the way SHADOW twists history -- making it interesting to people who enjoy history but without beating the reader over the head with it.Be warned , though . SHADOW is a major commitment . It takes time and energy to get through . This is n't the kind of book you can sit down with and get lost in . You 'll work at it -- but it 'll be worth it .
 Yep , that was my reaction when I first heard of the girth of this book . I tend to believe that if you ca n't write a good story under 600 pages or a very little bit more , you ca n't write a good story period . I stopped picking up any book over 600 pages by authors I did n't already like years ago . And even though I really like the work of Lackey , Flint , and Freer , it did take me a few weeks to go get it and then read it . I read it in about two and a half days , a better pace than many a book half it 's length . The characters are all worth reading about no matter who you fell most drawn to . The world is a little harder to adjust to than the run of the mill -LRB- DRECK !! -RRB- stuff that is usually based on northern European mythology were English is the norm and German and French are thrown in for ` culture ' and ` scope ' . Not only a good read but it has put any follow on 's into the top portion of my must buy list .
 I have always enjoyed books set in the 15th and 16th centuries . This book is one of the better ones that I have read . It reminds me of a combination of Dorothy Dunnett 's House of Niccolo series and Poul Anderson 's Three Hearts and Three Lions . Both the characterization and the description are excellent . If you enjoy either fantasy or historical fiction , I believe that you will like this book .
 SHADOW OF THE LION is an excellent , wide-ranging fantasy novel that makes best use out of three fine authors
 At 823 pages and over 90 chapters long , this is easily Mercedes Lackey 's -LRB- the lead author -RRB- longest single work . It is also more gritty than many of her recent works and collaborations , harkening back to her gutsy early works . Well done!The length of the volume allows for significant character development and plot twists galore -LRB- and medieval Italian politics has nothing but plot twists ! -RRB- . This also means the first 50-100 pages of the book kind of drags . That 's okay , work your way through that , and you 'll be entranced . I finished this sizable volume in less than 3 nights of reading ... That good , really.The ending wraps up a little too neatly , quickly , and nicely , something of a Lackey trademark , but it 's hard to complain about this meaty and interesting story .
 This book has all the earmarks of Mercedes Lackey 's usual work . The characters begin their story as the underdogs , abused and downtrodden and fearful ; as the tale unfolds , they mature , stronger for the trials they pass through . The mood is dark but not oppressing , the magic obeys laws without losing its wonder . Venice and its allies and enemies are recognisable , the world the story represents only slightly out of sync with accepted history.Humor has its moments in the story , subtle in flavour but there ; nowhere does this tale bog down in depression , despite the fact that some of the characters do their damnedest to achieve that state.The many viewpoints are well-represented , and not terribly disturbing , although the occasional scene is repeatedly told . I prefer finding out with the lead character ; I like surprises , not foreknowledge . Despite this , I enjoyed reading this book and eagerly await further collaborations by this trio .
 I love the easy-reading fantasy books by Mercedes Lackey , but can recommend them only for fantasy lovers . This much more ambitious work , however , works on so many more levels that even my much less fantasy-oriented husband could n't put it down , while I relished the depth and multiple layers of meaning . Yes , you have to work a little bit harder than with Lackey 's less challenging works , but the payoff is enormous ! The individual characters are * so * individual , so non-formula , so interesting . The book 's whole world , with its alternate history from ours , is fascinating . This is a book to be savored , rather than gobbled mindlessly -LRB- though I very much enjoy doing the latter , too , on occasion -RRB- .
 The Shadow of the Lion -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is the first novel in the Heirs of Alexandria series . In 415 AD , the librarian Hypatia faced down a mob attempting to burn the Library of Alexandria . Her efforts saved many obscure works of the ancients , including a number of very powerful magical works . Although originally a neo-platonic philosopher , Hypatia was converted to Christianity and became the founder of an order dedicated to Christian magery , opposing the anti-magic biases of the Pauline Orders.In 1537 AD , within this alternate timeline , all of Europe is threatened by the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Poland , whose Grand Duke Jagiellon is a puppet of the demon-lord Chernobog . Emperor Charles Frederik of the Holy Roman Empire is the principal European leader of the opposition to Chernobog . The Knights of the Holy Trinity are supposedly his main agents in the Baltic regions , but they have their own agenda and have developed ties with the militant and unpredictable priestly order of the Servants of the Holy Trinity.The Venetian Republic is the Queen of the Mediterranean , a bastion of independence and tolerance . Now forces are gathering in and around Venice . From Chernobog comes a shapechanged shaman to lurk in the lagoon and canals . From the Knights of the Holy Trinity comes a force of Knots and a few Sots ; included among these knights are Manfred of Brittany , nephew of Charles Frederik , and his mentor Erik . And from the Grand Metropolitan of Rome come the Basque priest Eneko Lopez and his companions.In this novel , Marco and Benito Valdosta are grandsons of Enrico Dell ` este , the Old Fox , Lord of Ferrara , Modena , Este , and Reggio nell 'Em ilia . Moreover , Benito is the illegitimate son of Carlo Sforza , the Wolf of the North , military leader of the Milanese forces . Although both brothers were thought dead after their mother was assassinated , they have been hiding within the Venetian environs , Marco among the marsh-dwellers and Benito among the street people . After an assassin attacks Marco in the harbor , the brothers seek the protection of Caesare Aldanto , an adventurer and former Montagnard assassin.When Caesare becomes sick , Marco and Benito help Maria Garavelli , his lover , take Caesare home and treat his fever . Maria is a canaler who was born and raised on her gondola ; after her mother died of a fever , Maria assumed her mother 's customers and route . Maria is related to many of the Arsenalotti , the families who traditionally work at the municipal shipyard.Benito has lately done work for Katherine Montescue , the last scion of an old Venetian family who has fallen on hard times . Kat has established a gray business smuggling magical artifacts and other magical goods with her gondola . Recently she has become friends with Franscesca De Chevreuse , a courtesan who becomes the mistress of Manfred.In this story , the Doge has reduced his opposition to religious persecution by the Sots and other Christian fanatics and the Sots have taken advantage of his recent slackness , stepping up their persecution of the Stegas and other non-Christian mages . In fact , they are very much opposed to even Christian mages such as the Siblings of St. Hypatia . The Sots have recently brought a powerful pagan artifact to the Imperial Embassy -LRB- unknowingly under the fearful eyes of Kat and Benito -RRB- and have performed questionable magical rites therein.The Montagnards are also becoming more active in Venice and have recently tried to terminate Caesare with extreme prejudice . The magical population of Venice have noticed that some of the Sots -LRB- as well as a few Knots -RRB- are tainted and thus the undines and other pagan entities have been staying away from the embassy . The Stegas have become more disorganized , but also more militant , and have been searching for one of their leaders , Dottore Luciano Marina , who disappeared several years past under dark circumstances ; Eneko is also trying to discover the status of Dottore Marina . Meanwhile , Marco is being pressured from all sides to accept his mage talents.The story is a major alternative history of Venice . The rich details of the historical Venice are intermixed with a fantastic extrapolation of the existence of real magic in this timeline . For the most part , the magic is part of the background , but it also pervades every aspect of Venetian life . An amazing tour de force!The story is multi-threaded , with a fairly large set of characters -LRB- it does include a list of characters and other information in the appendices -RRB- . This may cause some confusion about the minor characters during the frequent scene changes , but the main characters are memorable and fairly well fleshed out . However , there is plenty of room for character development in the sequel , This Rough Magic.Highly recommended for Lackey , Flint and Freer fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of high magic , political intrigue , and Renaissance society with a touch of romance.-Arthur W. Jordin
 It took me twice to get through this book before I could decide if I liked it or not . I am very familiar with Mercedes Lackey so was looking forward to getting my hands on a book she wrote with two other authors . The plot was a bit complicated and with the large amount of subjects , and plats within plots within circles it was a bit confusing the first time through . But to be honest , I had a hard time stepping away from it . I just got through the second reading , which really set the characters in my mind and thoroughly enjoyed it the second time through . Not a book for a light reader , but if you 're looking for a good complicated plot with a little real world flavor this is a good read . I will be actively searching out other books by Eric Flint and Dave Freer in the future with the hopes their other books are as well put together as this one .
 Shadow of the Lion is a wonderful collaboration that brings the strengths of three great writers , Lackey , Flint , and Freer , together to create a rich and engrossing read . It 's sad that Ms. Lackey 's fans are so inflexible as to downgrade the work for not being ` all Lackey ' or derivative , especially since the book works so well ! Success can , apparently , have a serious downside.Admittedly , the first few chapters where all the characters are being introduced are a little tough to climb over . However , once you get into the meat of the story , it becomes an alternative history adventure in high style with a little magic fantasy thrown in for seasoning!What I particularly enjoy are the rich characters that do n't require pages and pages of development . The writing , for the most part , is crisp and to the point without excessive infodumps or characters whinging about their inner demons or conundrums . Much better than the typical romance-novel-disguised-as-a-fantasy that seems to dominate the bookshelves nowadays.The two niggles that stick out to me -LRB- other than the climb through the first several chapters -RRB- is that the ending is a little predictable and the final battle in Venice lacks enough detail to be compelling , although the twist at the end between Benito and Maria is heartwrenching and unexpected.I very much enjoyed reading this novel , and I recommend it to my friends . Actual score would be 4.5 if I could .
 This book does have a slow start , but I found it deeply engrossing after a brief period of becoming familiar with the characters . The cast is extensive but well put together and filled with plots and sub-plots . The Venetian setting was new to me , and I quite enjoyed getting lost in it as well as picking up some of the actual history and culture of the place . This book is certainly an alternate history more than a fantasy or science fiction , a point which may disappoint some of the author 's fans . If you 're looking for a light read , look elsewhere . However , I recommend this one for those in the mood for a deep , rich adventure with everything from political intrigue to magic .
 Pretty good , but I think it could have been trimmed by a hundred pages or so . -LRB- Yes , I used exactly the same words about another novel in the same series . It is a very consistent series . -RRB-
 In the realm of alternate histories , this one is really good . It reminds me a lot of Randall Garrett 's Lord Darcy series in a way . Magic is real a few historical figures have made different choices how does that effect the world ? This book follows conflict in 16th century Italy with all the conflicts and vendettas that such a setting implies . The book is character driven , with three dimensional interesting protagonists .
 This is a good book for a long plane ride.The main story of the book deals with renaissance alternate Venice . The world is recognizable , though magic exists , Catholicism is split into factions , and Europe is dominated by Holy Roman Empire , cith state comprised Italy , the duchies of Lithuania and Poland , and several other large states.The book takes a while to get the setting down . having familiarity with Renaissance history will be a big help and helps the reader get up to speed faster.The main story deals with two young brothers Marco and Benito Valdosta , missing heirs to the Lord of Ferrara , Modena , Este , and Reggio nell 'Em ilia , who have been underground in Venice after an assisination attempt . In the background is a power struggle between the Holy Roman Empire and Lithuania , played out in the background of Venice.I wo n't go too much into the plot details -- after all that 's what the book is for -- but it derives on more political intrigue , though with a mix of religious schism , magic , and adventure thrown in . The story was complex enough to be engaging but not so jarring as to be confusing.The ending was n't the strongest , but then this i the first book in a series so it make some sense to have the ending it did . There 's a helpful glossary of characters at the end . In a book of this length it does prove useful.I have not read C.J. Cherryh 's Merovingen Nights series but if you have read the other reviews for comments along those lines .
 I love historical novels , especially the really well researched and lushly written kind , like the late , and very much lamented Dame Dorothy Dunnett wrote , and I love science fiction , fantasy and alternate history . Mercedes Lackey , Dave Freer and Eric Flint have managed to write an alternative historical fantasy about 16th century Venice . So I got three of my favorites in one shot.This novel is long . But it never flags . The pace is headlong , but the descriptions are clear , crisp and detailed . And the characters are wonderful , especially the little people , the spearcarriers , and the supporting cast.A case in point is the use of a certain Basque priest as a main supporting character . It plays great without knowing who that character is based on , but it adds piquancy indeed to know that the character is really St. Ignatius Loyola , the founder of the Jesuits.The magic is n't intrusive where it should n't be , and is organic ... that is , it does n't just come from anywhere , and there are clear rules about how it works.The magic is n't nearly as important to the plot as the convoluted and terrifyingly complex politics in the story . Remember , this is the same part of Europe that was still reading Macchiavelli as a `` How To '' textbook.I read snippets before publication , and I ca n't wait for the next one . The collaboration of Lackey , Freer and Flint is greater than each of them alone . And since Lackey and Flint are known for being extremely good on their own , and Freer is too , just not as well known , that 's saying a lot.Buy this book . You will be swept away.The Bananaslug . at Baen 's Bar .
 I really enjoyed this collaboration of Lackey , Flint and Freer . I had been rather disappointed with Lackey 's latest offerings -LRB- except The Serpent 's Shadow -RRB- and , while I love and adore Flint , his books with Freer are lightweight bordering on silly . This book really worked for me . I could n't identify the various authors which is often a problem with collaborations and the plot moved seamlessly from one story line to another . Unlike other reviewers , I had no problem with following the plot , the characters or the intrigue and I do n't believe other Lackey or Flint fans will have trouble either . Nor is the Shakespeare reference difficult for any high school student who has read Romeo and Juliet!The story , set in an alternate world Venice , is an adventure , a fantasy , a court intrigue , a romance , in other words , something for all tastes but in a unified package with great and sympathetic characters . Do n't let the heft of the package put you off - The Shadow of the Lion is long but well written , using an easy to read vernacular . Highly recommended .
 I must admit , I was n't particularly looking forward to this book . While I love certain of Mercedes Lackey 's writing - especially her Elemental Masters and Free Bards series and her historical retellings of fairy tales - I 've never warmed up to her Valdemar books , and I 'd never read anything by -LRB- or even about -RRB- her two co-authors , Eric Flint and David Freer.I started the book , and was underwhelmed . While the concept seemed interesting - an alternate Renaissance Italy where magic works - the execution seemed clunky , introducing over a dozen major characters within the first chapter or so -LRB- a common mistake in historical novels -RRB- . But within the first few chapters , I found myself caught up by the characters and the events that tied their lives together . By this point , the book had become so gripping that I could n't stop until I finished it - and at 800-some pages , that takes a while ! This is a wonderful book , and has persuaded me to check out some books by Flint and Freer while I 'm at it . Certainly if you 're at all interested in historical fantasy -LRB- especially dealing with alternate histories -RRB- you should give this book a chance .
 _ Shadow of the Lion _ -LRB- hereafter referred to as SoL -RRB- is indeed related to Merovingen Nights , although SoL 's acknowledgements may not mention it , but it 's not a simple recycle.Once upon a time -LRB- 1980s -RRB- , the Merovingen Nights series , hereafter referred to as MN - 1 novel and 7 anthologies - was set in the city of Merovingen -LRB- a Venice-like city of canals -RRB- on Merovin , a world in Cherryh 's Union/Alliance universe cut off from the rest of humanity and frozen at a pre-starflight level of technology . Cherryh introduced the framework of the city and some of the star characters in the novel _ Angel with the Sword _ . The series regrettably stopped at anthology # 7 and passed out of print.Moving on to _ Shadow of the Lion _ -LRB- SoL -RRB- , we have an alternate universe wherein the breakpoint was the conversion of Hypatia -LRB- last Librarian of Alexandria in our timeline -RRB- to Christianity . -LRB- This information is provided gently early on , via a character ducking into a church during a rainstorm , looking at the frescoes of Saint Hypatia . -RRB- In SoL 's universe , when the mob incited by bishop Cyril -LRB- in our universe , * he 's * the saint -RRB- came to burn the Library down , Hypatia was saved by a miracle . That 's the official version , anyway ; it 's been several centuries , Hypatia was an eloquent woman , and magic exists in SoL 's universe , so SoL 's history may have been prettified . Since Hypatia became a major Christian theologian-saint and the Library survived , Christianity and the political map of the world are different in SoL 's 16th-century
 Set in Renaissance Venice in a somewhat alternate world -LRB- one where , for instance , magic works -RRB- , this book chronicles two or three years of political upheaval , primarily from the point of view of two nobly-born brothers in hiding.The plot is complicated , but given that it 's about Italian politics in a particularly volatile period , not excessively so . It 's engaging and flows well ; there are n't any particularly noticeable slow spots , and you do n't want to put it down . Despite its size and weight -LRB- it 's 800 pages in hardcover -RRB- I brought it with me on a cross-country plane trip because I 'd started it and did n't want to leave it behind . And unlike many multi-author works , the various plot threads all integrate properly.The downside is that many elements of the plot -- and several of the characters too -- are rather heavily borrowed from C.J. Cherryh 's Merovingen Nights shared-world anthology , to which Lackey was a contributor . This should not be construed to mean that this book is a rehash/clone of Merovingen Nights ; it 's not , and even the borrowed elements are not necessarily assembled the same way.There are also certain points of resemblance to Diana Wynne Jones 's book _ The Magicians of Caprona _ , but this probably just reflects common thematic material.To the extent that the setting is historical , it appears , to a non-historian , fairly well researched ; to the extent that it 's made up , it 's done well , and it 's not always easy to tell which is which -LRB- usually a good sign -RRB- . The characterization is competently done , if not in general terribly deep ; several of the characters are quite engaging . -LRB- Details would probably be spoilers . -RRB- Lackey 's writing sometimes suffers regarding style ; whether due to collaboration or more/better editing , there 's none of that this time ; the book is solidly and competently written , though not brilliant.Overall
 While I am extremely pleased as to how this book turned out compared to Lackey 's usual material , I 'm a little perturbed about the who this story line belongs to . About 15 years ago , I stumbled acrossed a series called Merovingian Nights . It is around 7 books long , and is pieced together by a plethora of authors . The series was not truly co-authored in the way we think of it now , but where each author wrote their own chapter in the novel . Sometimes it ended with some discontinuity.Shadow of the Lion is what I wanted Merovingian Nights to be . But does the story belong to CJ Cherryh or does it belong to Mercedes Lackey ? It is not 100 percent the same , but a good 80 % the same . Names , settings , plots.While I really enjoyed the book and its sequel , my enjoyment was dampened by the fact I could n't get the idea of -LSB- ... -RSB- out of my head .
 Any book set in the Renaissance is pretty much bound to be a complex amalgam of plots and counter plots . This book lives up to its setting in history . I was cautious in approaching a book that was written by three authors , expecting writing dissonance and perhaps some plot danglies . But the authors did a very good job of developing characters and coherent plot . I did n't expect anything along the lines of a serious historial novel , and so was not disappointed . I would almost classify this as a Young Adult book because the majority of the main characters are in the process of coming of age . This is light fare that is well enough written and well plotted to engage your attention . Very light on the fantasy element , and light on characterization - - but do n't think that any of the characters are cardboard cutouts . The plot is woven well enough and moves fast enough that deep characterization is n't missed . Well done entertainment .
 I bought this book because I love fantasy and I love books by Mercedes Lackey . I got quite a surprise . This book was not what I expected but I enjoyed all of it . The typical fantasy book is heavy on the fantastical elements with one or two plot twists thrown in . This book has one basic fantasy premice and is heavy on the plot twists and turns . There are pages and pages that read like a good solid historical novel instead of a fantasy book.For me , this was all the better . I love a good fantasy , but I also appreciate getting a book I can sink my teeth into - and this one is a book that can not be digested all in one bite . There is a 25 page prologue that takes you over 3 different locations and 8 characters - and these are just the men that pull the strings of power , not the heros and heroines of the book . Then in the next 25 pages you meet Benito , Katerina and Marco the most major characters in the book.Its a daunting 50 pages and can leave you feeling overwhelmed , but once you get past it the book begins to draw you in . As advertised on the front cover , it IS `` Rich plotting , vivid characterization . . '' As a matter of fact , at the end I found myself wondering about the histories and futures of several of the more minor characters as well as what Benito would do in the future . This is not a light read , but it IS a good solid enjoyable one . Buy it and digest it , you 'll be glad you did .
 I 'm not one who normally likes alternative histories , but this is one of the best , most complex Lackey books I 've read in ages . The characters , as always , have depth and humor , and the plot is fascinating -- my one question -- will there be a sequel?One word of caution -- those who have read C.J. Cherryh 's Merovingen Nights Series may find many aspects of the plot strangely familiar ...
 Absolutley rivetting . The politcs in this are staggering in their compelxity and Mercedes Lackey does it so well . Beautiful descritpions and the relationships bwteen characters is wodnerful , exciting and meets all expectations of their capabilities and interaction .
 This book is n't much like Mercedes Lackey 's normal writings , but is n't that the point of a collaborative work ? I 'm only giving it four stars because it is a bit hard to get into at first and the character list is extensive . It can sometimes be difficult to remember who is who , even with the glossary . I found myself having to write notes in the glossary just to record my thoughts on their characters and motivations . The plot is constantly twisting and there is enough humor without making the book silly . I 've read almost every book by a female fantasy or sci fi writer -LRB- and quite a few of the men as well ! -RRB- and found this one a delightful change .
 So it was long , and it was a slow read , big DEAL . Ms Lackey and cohorts have spun a gripping , involved tale of GREAT characters , involved PLOTTING and lots of FUN . I read for pleasure and this was a pleasure . I was always looking back to keep things straight , but it was FUN . I lost most of two nights sleep because I could n't put it down . This team should write lots of sequels , and I WILL BUY THEM ALL.Be warned , if you pick up this book and start reading you will suffer . Yours friends and family will think you have run away , and you have , To Venice , where you can spend a ripping vacation in you mind . The lady has won me back .
 In-depth historical research blends seamlessly into imaginative creation of entirely new material in this novel , which manages to make use of the classic tragic and comedic techniques common to Italy itself in the 16th century.I find this is far more engaging and thoughtful material than Flint 's prior historical fiction , not nearly so repetitious as some of Mercedes ' recent work -LRB- which , although enjoyable , tends to be in the same vein all the time -RRB- , and more plausible than what I 've seen from Freer in the past.I 've appreciated Lackey 's and Flint 's work a great deal in the past , and I loved the collaborative work .
 At last , a new series which is substantial and worth reading . This is a `` big '' book , with a big universe feel . Yet it is easy to read and has some wonderful fast paced sections and some delightful characters . Benito is going to be everyone 's favorite rouge . Maria and Kat with their bit of earthy realism were a welcome relief from the usual fantasy women . On the down side I could have skipped the sanctimonious and feminine Marco , and the Cernobog and the long talky bits of politics . But on the scale of serious fantasy since Jordan - outstanding . Congratulations , Ms. Lackey and co. .
 After a few pages I felt this novel had too many characters -LRB- dozens -RRB- , and was confused and confusing.However , as I progressed I enjoyed it more and more , the confusion disapated , the major characters became distinguishable and interesting , and for the first time I enjoyed a book authored -LRB- in part at least -RRB- by Mercedes Lackey.One warning to fantasy lovers - this book is mainly a kind of coming of age story set in historical Venice - the fantasy element is relatively slight .
 This was a great book , thought I had the worst time figuring out what was going on in the beginning . Once I figured out what everything was -LRB- thank GOD for the glossary ! -RRB- it was an easy read , and I shot through it . The plot was beautifully written , if complicated , and the description of the monsters so eerie I got goosebumps -- everything was magnificent until the end . I ca n't quite figure out how they managed to botch it , but I was left with a complete sense of dissatisfaction . It seemed far , far too easily resolved considering how long it took to read the book ! It was good in that it was unpredictable , but bad in that NOTHING that you WANTED to happen , HAPPENED . You 'd be led with the expectation that certain things were gon na go down , and if they did -LRB- and far too many did n't -RRB- they either went down in a big fat mess , or they went down far too easily . There is no way this book can stand alone . It will have to be part of a series , otherwise it was completely pointless . Do n't buy it till it hits paperback .
 Brilliant book ! Mercedes ' description , Eric 's deep plots , and Dave 's humor , this book has been one of the best reads I have had for a * long * time . The plot is set in the era of The Byzantium decline - a very turbulent period in history.If you 're going to read this book , be prepared for the long haul - this is a more-ish book !
 Fantastic book ! I was kept on the edge of my seat from beginning to end ! This book is definitely going to be the start of an excellent series . The novel is based back in Venice , just around the decline of the Byzantium era . My favorite characters were without a doubt Manfred and Erik.This book is an excellent buy !
 Mercedes Lackey , Eric Flint & Dave Freer 's Shadow Of The Lion is set in 1537 and tells of a Venice where magic is alive and two vagabond brothers are posed to influence its changes . A monster has been loosed on the city ; and it 's up to an unlikely band of individuals to join in defeating the danger .
 Fantastic ! Wonderful ! Encore , PLEASE !! I have n't read a book this good in a very long time and want more ! When is the next book coming out - and can I wait that long ? I do n't usually recommend books to people , but I definitely recommend this one!The interplay of well-developed characters , the suspense , and the action make this book one you wo n't be able to put down . There were twists and turns that I could n't anticipate , and the murky political world of 16th century Venice is the perfect backdrop for the story.If this is a stand alone book with no sequel then the only down side is wondering what happens with such well-developed characters as Benito , Maria , Lopez , Eric , the Prince , Francesca , Dell ` Este , the Emperor , the Duke , and Chernobog .
 Another Leisure Arts success ! Designs for special gift giving occasions . Charts are easy to read . Skill level varies from beginner to experienced stitcher . Recommended materials are readily available .
 I love this book , it has different kinds of projects that you 'll enjoy , and the charts are neat , I love it !!!!!!
 Wonderful book ! Another Leisure Arts success . Beautiful designs , with good complete instructions . A must for every cross-stitcher .
 How To Beat The Democrats
 David Horowitz is the Noam Chomsky of Conservatism -- yet Horowitz actually knows what he 's talking about . A former 60 's radical , Horowitz knows firsthand the motivations and mentality of the Left and exposes the hypocrisy and underlying Socialist/Marxist philosophy that drives the Democratic Party and Liberals in power today.The book is mostly an expose of the failures of the Democratic Party that have caused more harm than good to the nation , but mostly to the very people Democrats claim to fight for
 I spent much of my life outside the USA - altogether over 20 years , and involving 4 continents . I 've yet to see one place that favorably compares with the USA , in that our country is about the ideals , ideas and inspirations of free people . We 're not without fault to be sure , but FREE people - do we really realize what that means ? While I was serving in Vietnam , Jane Fonda -LRB- exactly my age -RRB- was encouraging and consorting with our enemy . For the longest , I was unable to totally understand how this could happen and why some of our citizens can actively support our enemies , and apparently hate our great country and every ideal it stands for.This book , together with Patrick Buchanan 's `` The Death of the West '' has given me clear insight into the nonsensical and dangerous thinking of the progressive left . I learned that it is actually a movement which theorizes that `` If I can control your thinking , I can reshape the world according to my philosophy and thereby make it a better place . '' The left 's message of hope to the downtrodden is generally a lie , since leadership of the movement is actually built on the hedonistic fragrance of self aggrandizement . This idea goes all the way back to Adam and Eve 's becoming enthralled by the beast 's temptation to `` become as Gods '' , to the citizens of Babel 's attempt to construct their own highway to heaven , and to Karl Marx ' attempt to erect heaven on earth for the world 's downtrodden . Never mind that Communism has murdered over 100 million human beings during it 's existence , while simultaneously the left in our country suggests we busy ourselves with such trivialities as racial profiling ! Although the modern day leadership of the left may nor be card carrying communists , their activist ideas are essential the same . The sad part is that socialism , in any form , can never be a success . I remember a young tour guide in Russia telling me just after communism had fallen that the citizens always knew it was a lie . To be sure , socialism must be built on a lie because it against human nature and attempts to force it 's tenents on humanity must be accomplished forcefully , i.e. by resumption of the gulags , funny-farm camps and mass murders.The real danger rests in the fact that it is a shock how few people in our country have taken the time to inform themselves about the dangers of this movement . Thomas Jefferson said that an informed populus is the key to democracy . It is equally true that all of us in one way or another are our own worst enemy , and I often think this about blind followers of the activist left .
 Horowitz has hit it big with this book . Just the introduction alone gives you insight on how Bush used the some of the same principles to win in the 2000 election -LRB- not that he got them from this book -RRB- . If you are a conservative fustrated with liberals always beating you down , read this book and you will be able to gain insight and win with strategies that are introduced here . If you are a liberal , well ...
 Horowitz hits the nail right on the head -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . This is precisely how the GOP needs to campaign against the Democrats . On the issues , the GOP would win every election . After all , how many people truly do n't want lower taxes , a stronger military , a better educational system , school choice , tougher crime laws lower energy prices etc. . Not too many . But , the general public does n't really pay much attention to the issues . What gets their attention are emotional appeals and symbolism . That 's where the Democrats excel , and that 's what the GOP needs to understand and work on . This book is all about how to do that . It 's about framing GOP policy in an emotional and symbolic way so that voters get the message . The GOP is slowly learning these lessons and it 's about time . This would be a very important book for anyone running for office or studying political strategy .
 In How to Beat the Democrats and Other Subversive Ideas , Horowitz uses ruthless intellect to demolish the foundations upon which the new Left has tried to rebuild itself following the collapse of communism across the world.After reading this book you have to ask how Bill Clinton and Tony Blair can sleep at night.Used as a campaign blueprint , How to Beat the Democrats offers conservatives the tools to take on the Left in electoral combat which have been sadly lacking over the last decade .
 The difference between the liberal left and the conservative right is far more than where one stands on a spectrum of issues that range from abortion to Iraq to gun control . In HOW TO BEAT THE DEMOCRATS , David Horowitz draws upon his decades long dalliance with radical causes to suggest that the difference is one of a world view . Where the right focuses on the rights of the individual the left sees the individual as a mere cog in a collective wheel that allows those at the center to see themselves as the possessors of a moral vision that points toward a time when all races , genders , and creeds will be rendered equal by legislative fiat.The first half is a primer for Republicans to defeat Democrats head to head in elections at all levels . What has given Democrats the edge in all victorious contests over the last few decades is that they have recognized the difference between what appeals to the heart and what appeals to the head . The heart can be persuaded by false rhetoric , out and out lies , and suggestive television ads . The head by logic and cool reason . The left is the master of the heart , the right is the domain of the head . Horowitz demands that conservatives stop assuming that liberals are running a debate according to a linguistic Marquis of Queensbury and be willing to attack the left on areas and issues that they are most vulnerable . To do this successfully , Republicans must learn an entirely new set of rules
 Horowitz hits the nail right on the head -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . This is precisely how the GOP needs to campaign against the Democrats . On the issues , the GOP would win every election . After all , how many people truly do n't want lower taxes , a stronger military , a better educational system , school choice , tougher crime laws lower energy prices etc. . Not too many . But , the general public does n't really pay much attention to the issues . What gets their attention are emotional appeals and symbolism . That 's where the Democrats excel , and that 's what the GOP needs to understand and work on . This book is all about how to do that . It 's about framing GOP policy in an emotional and symbolic way so that voters get the message . The GOP is slowly learning these lessons and it 's about time . This would be a very important book for anyone running for office or studying political strategy .
 David Horowitz exposes the Dems ' lowbrow and underhanded campaign tactics that they use with reckless abandon - playing the race card and instilling fear of the `` evil '' Republicans into their dim-witted constituents . Horowitz , a former far left anti-war activist of the 60 's , knows the virtually isurmountable depths to which the Left will plunge in order to achieve their egomaniacal objectives - power and prestige.Horowitz explicates the Democrats ' insular and inane platform
 There is no room for RINOs -LRB- Republicans in Name Only -RRB- in our fight to win over the general population concerning the merits of conservative principles . Horowitz 's book documents the fact that rightward ideas are winning ideas and will resonate with voters across the nation . This is a collection of essays , and , for the most part , they are brilliant . Two chapters , The War Room and How to Beat the Democrats , should be very influential upon politicians and the average reader . He preaches tactics and strategies that conservatives must hear and internalize . Important points are that politics are emotional and they should always be about hope . Republicans would be wise to learn from the words of this master . Ten more Horowitz 's and the country would be in a much better place . He speaks his mind in beautiful prose and you 'll turn these pages quickly . This is a highly recommended choice , indeed .
 The author is spot on in this book , his other books in recent years have exposed other shortcomings the Media would rather not want you to know about .
 This book , although excellent , misses the point entirely . It gives a great description of WHAT the liberal fascists/socialist/democ-rats are doing . But , that 's not even close to being the important question . The important question is not what but WHY . Want to know the answer ? Just study what John Kerry has done during his life and ask yourself what pattern you see . Another example is Jimmy Carter . The same for Jane Fonda and Michael Moore . These people are traitors . As in they purposefully and repeatedly , take the side of extremely evil people , over that of the United States ... to the point of interfering with our foriegn policy with both the specific intent and effect of allowing these evil people to do evil things . It does n't matter if they are communists , drug dealers/criminals , terrorists or genocidal maniacs . Neither does it matter how heinous their crimes are . They take their side over our side . Scary stuff . Mostly , this has been allowed to happen because of sheer ignorance of what these people are doing . That is changing ... big time . This election shows that VERY clearly . The dems were marginalized this election . Based on what they have planned -LRB- Hillary Clinton ... do n't make me laugh -RRB- , they are likely to be mariginalized for the next decade or more . That 's a good thing . What you will see is the infiltration of these sick people , halted , particularly in the judiciary -LRB- short term -RRB- but also in the house and congress . In short , the american people are kicking the bums out of office . Finally , you will see the democrats expunge these -LSB- ... -RSB- from their ranks -LRB- they really have no choice considering how big of a liability they have become -RRB- . Five years from now , people will look back on today as when it all started . Thank God for that .
 One of the best children books ever writen ... a must for children and adults !
 Collaboratively compiled , organized , and edited by Cornell University 's Department of Animal Science academicians Wilson G. Pond and Alan W. Bell , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science encompasses animal physiology ; animal growth and development ; animal behavior ; animal reproduction and breeding ; alternative approaches to animal maintenance ; meat science and muscle biology ; farmed animal welfare and bioethics ; and food safety . Organized with quick and `` reader friendly '' descriptions of technologies critical to professionals in animal and food science , food production and processing , livestock manage-ment , and nutrition , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science consists of almost 300 entries ranging from adaptation and stress to zoos and aquariums . Enhanced with 100 full-color photographs , 2500 references , hundreds of figures , equations and tables , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science covers all of the new developments in genomics , transgenesis , cloning , and mathematical model constructions . With examinations of the latest studies on animal genetics , nutrition , lactation , reproductions , as well as animal biodiversity , biotechnology , environmental stability , and more , Encyclopedia Of Animal Science is an essential , core addition to any corporate , academic , or governmental agency Animal Science or Food Safety reference library collection .
 A Study in Scarlet & The Sign of Four , by A. Conan DoyleA Study in Scarlet . John H. Watson M.D. is looking for reasonable lodgings . So too Sherlock Holmes -LRB- described as cold-blooded in outlook -RRB- . A letter requests help from Holmes . Drebber was found dead in an empty house , no wound on the body , but blood in the room . Holmes & Watson go there to inspect the scene . Holmes explained his deductions . An advertisement is placed in the `` Found '' column of a newspaper . Detective Gregson visited Holmes to explain how he solved the murder . Lestrade arrives to tell of another murder
 I found this book to be quite helpful and to the point . It 's aranged in catagories so you can quickly find what your looking for .
 This book has been a great help to us as we work with our Russian guests . We are never going to be fluent in Russian but this little handbook makes communication possible . Thank you .
 Six months before , Jack Kellerman spent a wonderful weekend with a beautiful woman -- who vanished from his bed while he was sleeping . When he sees Rachel on a Denver street , Jack ca n't resist following -- and pushing himself into her life . The bond he felt went way beyond sex -LRB- although sex was certainly an important part of it -RRB- , and Jack needs to see where it will take them.Rachel Westover pretended to be married to Jack to help get her job at a prestigious Denver architectural firm . But she never expected to have to deal with him again . When Jack shows up at her office just as the staff is heading for a retreat at a mountain resort , Jack manages to wangle his way into the group -- and she ca n't exactly tell her boss that she lied about the husband . But it does n't take long before Jack starts wangling his way back into her heart as well . And Rachel knows exactly how dangerous that could be . She needs to be the good girl -- and knows how dangerous taking a chance can be . And Jack is nothing but dangerous -- fun in a guilt-ridden package.Author Jane Sullivan -LRB- who also writes under the name Jane Graves -RRB- writes a sexy and emotionally satisfying novel with flashes of laugh-out-loud comic genius . Jack is all fun and games on the surface , but has a serious side that finds its mate in Rachel . Sullivan does a wonderful job showing a parallel growth in sexual and emotional closeness between these two damaged characters -- leading up to the inevitable disaster where each must take stock of their lives and decide whether they dare take a chance with their greatest fears.This may be Sullivan 's best yet -- and that 's saying a lot .
 This is the first romance novel I 've been able to read through from beginning to end in a long time . Nothing unusual about the story . Just light , breezy read on a Sunday afternoon.And both lead characters were likeable . Something that 's harder and harder to find in the genre , IMHO .
 Historians are still writing about megalomaniacs who attempted to conquer the world by force and subversion in order to impose their ideology on society . HITLER and STALIN come quickly to mind . And while both employed intelligence operations to further their objectives , only the Soviet Union systematically integrated espionage , deception , and terror to advance its worldwide foreign policy and maintain domestic security . Many books have been written describing the operations , the personnel , and the organizations-KGB and GRU-involved . Jerrold and Leona SCHECTER have written one , Special Tasks , the story of KGB officer Pavel SUDOPLATOV . And Jerrold SCHECTER co-authored another with former KGB officer Peter DERIABIN , The Spy Who Saved The World , the story of GRU Colonel Oleg PENKOVSKY . But not until Sacred Secrets has the emphasis shifted to the impact of intelligence operations on the history of two societies-the United States and the Soviet Union.We learn that a KGB agent of influence in the American government shaped American the policy that led to Japan 's attack on Pearl Harbor . And , despite pledges to the contrary , the Soviet Union spied on its American ally throughout WWII using agents recruited from the American Communist Party . Robert OPENHEIMER was one such source as the letter to NKGB Chairman BERIA reproduced in the book , makes clear . Furthermore , as was their way , after the war the Soviets were largely successful in blaming America for not giving them the war time secrets desired outright , so spies would n't be necessary-it was America 's fault . At first , many Americans either supported this view or denied that any serious espionage had even occurred . The FBI knew them to be wrong-disillusioned defectors had made that clear . But their evidence could not at first be made public . The most valuable revelations-contained in broken KGB codes-would not surface for 50 years . Liberal doubts and right-wing certainty-both wrong-became part of the daily news diet in the 1940s and 50s . But once aroused , using straight forward counter-espionage techniques and the results of government cryptanalysis , the FBI shut down the Soviet networks and ended the era of the ideological spy.Scared Secrets makes clear that despite these losses , Moscow did not end its espionage program after WWII . In fact , it quickly attempted to reestablish its illegal networks and in later years it took advantage of the greed-incentive made attractive by American walk-ins from WALKER to HANSSEN , with many in between . America had its own Cold War successes and the SCHECTERS describe several including a new twist on the acquisition of the KRUSHCHEV secret speech-interesting despite their use of the oxymoron defector-in-place . In the end , America 's technological prowess overcame the Soviet espionage and military threat , bankrupting the Soviet Union in the process-America won the Cold War . Sacred Secrets documents well these often ironic contradictions.The SCHECTERS make a persuasive case that , contrary to the moral relativism advocates of the political-left , the United States did not start the Cold War or force the Soviet Union to do so . Would America 's post WWII policies have been different had Soviet espionage and subversion in America not been so politically oriented and active ? Read Sacred Secrets for the answer .
 Sacred Secrets
 This book offers a concise overview of -LRB- 1 -RRB- on scene procedures such as triage and decontamination , -LRB- 2 -RRB- general characteristics of weapon classes , -LRB- 3 -RRB- details of specific agents , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- treatments . It also describes precursor chemicals and 4 case histories . It is better written and more detailed than the comparable book `` First responder chem-bio handbook '' .
 Among those involved with the planning and implementation of specialized , multi-casualty incident response , this book is quite useful . Field personnel , command staff , and planners - all will find it helpful . I found it to be concise , packable , and physically handy . About the only thing I 'd change would be to laminate the pages for weather resistance.R.D . Lopez , Emergency Medical Services and Disaster Specialist , Dept. of Public Health
 Not too much to say ; it is the book I needed for class and I got it at a good price on Amazon .
 This is a wonderful book for any first responder to have.It is very easy to use because not only does it come with on and off scene procedures , but it also has quick reference tables and charts . On a scale of 1 to 5 I give it a 10 !
 This picture book has very colorful photos of our country and our fellow citizens . The pages are spread by the breaks in text that we know from reciting the pledge orally at school . Children are from different races . Scenes from all over America and even an astronaut on the moon holding the American flag are depicted.In the back there are small photos that were depicted in the book with explanations about where they are and other factual information to explain the contents of the photographs . The entire pledge is rewritten in the back pages and an explanation of who wrote it , why , and when . The meaning of why we recite the pledge is given . Facts about the American flag 's changes over the years and facts about the proper way to display a flag , and on what days , are included.A beautiful book with great information that every child should be exposed to .
 My students are immigrants or children of immigrants learning English . They have to say the pledge every day but may get the words wrong and certainly do n't comprehend it . This book takes out some of the guess work and helps them understand what is going on and what people are saying . It brings them comfort and relief .
 This book is beautifully illustrated with photographs that are sure to spark discussion . The text -LRB- the Pledge of Allegiance -RRB- is broken into meaningful phrases that make the reader reflect on the words that we sometimes rush through or take for granted . I highly recommend purchasing the big book version for lower grade classroom use . A gem !
 The text is the spoken pledge , and the photos show America -- the people and places and landmarks . Beautiful photos -- did I already say that?Facts at the back -- every family with a kindergartener should be equipped with this book .
 Book came on time , like all of my orders from Amazon prime . Love the book , colors and pictures . Great way for kids to learn the pledge of allegiance since it is not taught in school anymore .
 The book is just what the title states , the pledge . Which I think is a must in all libraries . Our schools are cutting corners and teaching American history is made that much richer with the book .
 This has god pictures and background info on flag . The pledge is written on the pages as you go through the book .
 I truly want my grandchildren to be proud to be Americans and to know the Pledge of Allegiance is a good way to honor our country !!
 The book is great for children to learn the Pledge of Allegiance . The text is broken up into small phrases for easier memorizing . Great pictures .
 Very well-written book . It could use more historical information about the topic addressed . For example , the early Pledge of Allegiance was the origin of the stiff-arm salute . The Pledge was written -LRB- 1892 -RRB- by Francis Bellamy , cousin to an infamous author of the time , Edward Bellamy , and they were both self-proclaimed socialists in the Nationalism movement and promoted military socialism . They wanted government to take over all schools and impose robotic chanting to flags . The Pledge was the origin of the salute of the National Socialist German Workers Party . American socialists -LRB- Edward Bellamy teamed with the Theosophical Society -RRB- also bear some blame for German socialism 's notorious flag symbol , which evolved into overlapping S-letters for socialism under the National Socialist German Workers Party . The Pledge 's early salute was not an ancient Roman salute , and the ` ancient Roman salute ' myth came from the Pledge Of Allegiance . It is amazing that books do n't examine the issue of whether the pledge should be dropped entirely , especially for young children in government schools . The socialist dogma led to the socialist Wholecost
 I work with Hank Hassell at NAU and know him as a friend and kind and unassuming person who , from what I 've gathered , can hike the doglegs off anyone . This book is the offspring of his love for the Colorado Plateau area . It is a well told story of a piece of our geological heritage that could only be written by someone who has been there and done that . I would recommend this book for the academic community as well as for travel buffs . Betty Lee/Library Specialist @ NAU
 This film is difficult to categorize and even harder to discuss in simple terms . Author Chion devotes a lot of space in this book to comparing each of Malick 's three films to one another . Hard to tell if Chion is very insightful or just grabbing for straws sometimes.Of note , Chion wrote this text in French and only later was it translated into English . It is significant because the same translation issue comes into play watching the film with French subtitles . Some of the characters ' inner-monologues in the film have words and expressions that just are n't directly translatable into other languages . Chion , being bilingual , has the interesting perspective of experiencing the film in both languages and can make comparisons between the two , noting subtle and not-so-subtle differences in interpretations.I believe that to get the most out of this book one should have seen the film multiple times . But if you are thinking of buying this book , chances are you have already seen the film mulitple times anyway.And for good reason.Recommended book , though a large percentage of seems to be more about Malick 's body of work than this particular film .
 Precious few books have been written about reclusive filmmaker Terrence Malick and his films . So little factual information is known about the man , so when a new book is published , there is a certain amount of anticipation by fans of his work . Michel Chion has written a book under the BFI Modern Classics banner that attempts to decipher many of the mysteries and enigmas that surround Malick 's 1998 film , The Thin Red Line.Chion recognizes that the film has no beginning or ending and therefore an analysis of the movie can begin at any point , which is exactly what he does as he makes an excellent observation about the jaded character of First Sgt. Welsh -LRB- Sean Penn -RRB-
 For most Christians , the Tabernacle contains a multitude of largely disconnected pictures of Jesus alone . This book shows , based on the Apostle Pauls exposition , that it shows not only the sacrifice of Jesus , but the place of the Christian also , and how we have privileges and responsibilities , too . It is fascinating to look at all the details and what they illustrate .
 What an incredible book . Never had I looked at what I thought was the most boring part of the Bible , and now see it was a type for the Church today . A short book , but one that will never be forgotten .
 This is an excellent Bible study aid on the Tabernacle , I have read many books explaining the subject , but found the author 's findings and exposition on this subject very enlightning , I highly recommend it to all students of the Word , especially those who wish to gain better insight on the tabernacle and its types and shadows and what it means to Christians today .
 Jim Harris 's `` Jack and the Giant
 Author/illustrator , Jim Harris , has created an in-your-face western retelling of the classic fairytale , Jack and the Beanstalk that will have you and your children laughing out loud . Wild Bill Hiccup is the western version of the giant and a magic lasso that turns french fries into gold , a banjo that plays music on its own and a furry buffalo that leaves golden buffalo chips replaces the classic story 's standards . Jim Harris ' illustrations are hysterically one of a kind and keep you begging for more . Luckily for us , he is a prolific author/illustrator and he continues to recreate these delightful classics .
 This atypical version of the well known fairy tale is a delight to both young and old alike . The creative storytelling carries the reader along like a tumbleweed in the wind , not knowing what twists and turns will happen next . Jack is the hero trying to save the day and the Bar None Ranch , along with his sidekick the yellow tabby cat . The clever adaptation of this old tale is refreshing and downright funny . I found myself laughing at the antics of the tabby throughout the story . My favorite character is the one who gives the giant the gold in a very original way -LRB- I wo n't give it away , you 'll have to read it for yourself ! -RRB- ` Jack and the Giant ' captures the spirit of the west in its delightful illustrations . Each page holds a reader 's attention while they try to take in all the action in the pictures . Jim Harris is a tremendously talented illustrator who seems to bring to life each of his characters with the ink of his pen . He truely has a gift to share with children of all ages ! Anyone who loves fairy tales will enjoy ` Jack and the Giant ' by Jim Harris .
 This wonderful book has a great Southwest twist and the illustrations are incredible !
 I am using this textbook in a class and it is a whopper . Wonderful pictures , easy to read , clear colors and understandable . I 've been working in prisons for 5 years and this book makes a lot of sense . You ought to read their sections on women in prison and on probation . I loved the parts on geriatric prisoners -LRB- old cons -RRB- and the death penalty . And it is easy to read . More !
 I purchased this book , obviously , for a class , and I thought it was actually interesting . I had many texts that literally put me to sleep , but this one is different . It makes you think about the penal system in this country , and introduces issues to make you think about things other than locking up the bad guys and throwing away the key . My husband even wanted to read it when I finished my class !!! Recommend highly !!!!
 Wow ! What a great and interesting textbook . I think this is the first time I 've actually been `` current '' in the reading required for a college course . I 'd like to add that the study guide that you can purchase to accompany this textbook is excellent as well . I 'd recommend a course that uses this book to anyone with an interest in criminal justice or corrections .
 After many years of wanting to quilt , I finally decided to give it a try . I chose Thimbleberries Beginner 's Luck because of the quality of the projects and the ease of use . My results ... a beautiful quilt that is sure to become a family heirloom . The projects are beautifully laid out with step-by-step directions and many helpful hints for success . I ca n't wait to start my next quilt !
 This is a wonderful book for quilters and nonquilters alike . The content is especially helpful for someone who is just learning to quilt and needs a resource to refer to . The pictures are beautiful and the book is very easy to follow . This would be a great Christmas gift idea for any quilter .
 This book is the one stop shop for quilters - makes sense of everything that all quilters need to know - both beginners and advanced . A wonderful goldmine !!!
 This quilt book is awesome for the beginner ot the experienced quilter . You can have so many finished looks with the Little Boy Blue quilt . The quilts are very easy and the instructions are very easy to understand . Also , Lynette has some great tips for quilting throughout the book no matter what skill level you are . A must have for all quilters !
 I really enjoyed ths book - easy to read but informative . Very attractively laid out , and enjoyable .
 I really liked some of the simple quilts in this book . A change from some of the challenging patterns . Brings you back to your roots . Thimnbleberries has always been one of my favorites .
 Chaos is such a visually stunning field of study , since you invariably run into those computer generated figures of Julia sets or random fractal landscapes or cloud formations.But can we get a rigorous , first principles explanation that is broadly accessible to undergraduates with good , but not advanced math preparation ? Well , you might consider this recent book . The authors have gone to some length to explain events without appealing to more than simple calculus.Nothing flashy . But you can obtain a good understanding of fractal dimensions , self iterating systems -LRB- like a Sierpinski gasket -RRB- and noise .
 Firstly , this is one of those rare technical books which one can thoroughly enjoy . It can be read at a number of levels and rewards any effort put into understanding the concepts and the mathematics . One needs decent calculus , basic set theory and a bit of topology to wade through the maths . The text and diagrams are clear and unambiguous . The fonts and layout are well chosen for easy reading , always an important consideration for technical books . As this is a text book for a course in elementary chaos theory , the authors write out the proofs fully , in an almost bullet point fashion which makes it very easy to follow the argumentation . I like this style very much.What I do n't like is the lack of solutions -LRB- preferably worked solutions -RRB- to the excellent exercises at the end of each topic . This is one of my major bugbears about textbooks . Without worked solutions one simply can not get the feedback required for a full understanding of the subject . Not everyone who buys the book will be attending classes and they will never know if they are on track or not . To make me even crankier , the authors will provide worked solutions to `` bona fide '' teachers who contact them . How about letting teachers , bona fide or otherwise , write their own exercises instead of taking the easy way out , and letting students learn using the well accepted techniques of feedback and reinforcement.A star is lost ! Hufff !
 Amazing book !!! It has some of everything that I was looking for
 Sacred Beat illustrates the reasons we are emotionally drawn to the drum.Opening with a bit of an ethnographic look at the cultures that have long held drumming in high regard.There 's a strong lean to New Age and Pagan uses of the drum today , and the book is light on technique , so plan on wanting more as you finish this book . But all in all , that is not a bad thing.I would not have this as an only text on drumming for spirituality , but it deserves a space on the shelf .
 You ever wanted to know why drums are so important in a pagan circles ? . You ever wonder why pagans use drums to reach to the God/Goddess ? . Ms. Telesco 's book `` Sacred Beat '' has really filled in the gap of the `` why ? '' . . the beat is important to many pagans . A lot of great info and history . A must read for all wiccan/pagans alike , and one of Ms. Telesco 's better books on the market today . Well worth the money and time !
 Though nicely illustrated , this is no mere picture book . Its real strength lies in its well written text and critical apparatus . Nickel 's scholarship is impressive
 This 136 page spiral bound volume adds useful materials for the study of the Syriac New Testament . The text is well laid out , the Syriac is in a nice readable Syriac -LRB- Serto , very close to a Jacobite -RRB- font . Initially a computer generated list of word frequencies occupies the first 34 pages , followed by a frequency list of proper nouns , a list of words derived from Greek , consonantal homographs , and elegantly displayed verb paradigms . Added to this work is a fine `` skeletal '' Syriac grammar by the great S. Brock , which in itself is very handy . The text ends with an English and Syriac index to the work . Kiraz is a known expert with this language , and this work is a useful and accurate tool . It serves as a SUPPLEMENT to a grammar .
 Huneker was an aspiring concert pianist -LRB- as well as a brilliant writer -RRB- , and his analysis of Chopin 's music and poetry are simply amazing . Like Chopin , Huneker expresses from the heart and hears the music at a whole new level . His interpretation is raw and as full in energy as the music itself -LRB- especially for etude op. 25 no. 11 and the ballade no. 1 -RRB- .
 Who can count themselves learned in Chopin who has not read Huneker 's wonderful , purple-prosy , unabashedly romantic examination of the Polish Master 's music ? If the musicology is a tad dated , the enthusiasm , the sheer love of music present on every page , are more evident than ever . This is absolutely essential reading for the Chopin lover .
 Loved the documentary about Mozart . I learned things I never knew about him . Too bad he died so young , can you imagine the amount of music he could have written ?
 Strangely , no one seems to have writen a definitive biography of Frederic Chopin -LRB- 1810-1849 -RRB- , despite the fact that he was one of the most important composers of the 19th century Romantic era . -LRB- Tad Szulc 's book , Chopin In Paris
 Au contraire to the negative reviewers . This book is the tour de force on the music of Chopin , expressed in the most descriptive and vibrant language imaginable . It was written in the late 19th Century by a man who enthusiastically explored every nook and cranny of Chopin 's genius.The book is meant primarily as an overview and examination of Chopin 's music for pianists and lovers of Chopin , written by a man who was a respected music critic and pianist himself . It 's full of information on how the great pianists of the time performed Chopin and invaluable as a fascinating read and historical document . The book was never intended as a dry encyclopedic biography of the composer , and much has been discovered about Chopin 's life in the last 100 years that can be found in other biographical sources . Those who expect Huneker to be literally correct in every respect on Chopin 's life are badly missing the point of this fascinating examination of Chopin 's life and music . Huneker adored Chopin , and his writing brims with passion , enthusiasm and incredible insight into each piece Chopin produced , though his words were never intended for the piano pedagogues only.Anyone who deeply loves Chopin will find this a unique and wonderful read . I have marked many passages , referred to it countless times , and there is nothing like reading Huneker 's descriptions of a Chopin work while you are actually listening to it performed at the same time . Huneker 's language simply reflects the florid language of his age and is truly fantastic in its descriptive detail.Zero stars on the misguided negative reviews on the book ; and 5 stars on behalf of Huneker 's little Chopin classic that has been in print for over 100 years . This is a book to be savored , and there are no other writings on Chopin that can match the boundless enthusiasm that Huneker felt for his musical god . Each page brims with Huneker 's exuberant spirit and his fervent love of music itself . A treasure from another age .
 James Huneker made an praised essay around the different stages of Chopin 's life as well an extensive , meticulous and detailed analysis about every one of his compositions . The way he analyzes and even collates this Polish composer reveals not only a deep engagement but besides a remarkable description supported by a poetic trait that stimulates still more the necessary reading.If you are engaged with Chopin 's micro cosmos , go for this notable essay .
 This is a wonderful , encouraging , faith inspiring book . Well written , concise . Thought provoking , inspirational , devotional . Very good to read on the run or to meditate on . Highly recommended . I have it and am giving it as gifts @
 God has blessed ed miller with revelation and he continues to bless us through his writings . Ed 's teachings and writings are anointed .
 I really liked Bob Vickery 's earlier books , and `` Play Buddies '' is at least as good . Vickery writes stories that are really hot , original , with actual plots and well-rounded characters . When Vickery gets steamy , no one get beat him , and he 's also just a damn good story teller . I enjoyed `` Play Buddies '' a lot , and I think most lovers of gay erotica will get a big kick out of Vickery 's latest effort .
 I 'm a big fan of Vickery 's ever since I read his previous book , Cocksure . I have to say that as good as Cocksure was , Play Buddies is even better ! Not only are his stories hot , Vickery writes with real humanity , making his characters come across as real and three dimensional , out on the prowl , looking for sex wherever they can find it . As far as erotic writing goes , Vickery is a master !
 Vickery is certainly the best multi-dimensional male erotic fiction writer today . He is the Anne Rice of -LSB- homosexual -RSB- male porn.But even more , the humanity and spirituality of his characters -LSB- comes -RSB- through clearly - their pain , their joy , their search , their honesty , the lies , the hopes , the hot , out-of-control passion - everything else human . I was moved to tears , and compassion , and much , much more . Hot , hot , hot .
 The towering strength of Bob Vickery is that he is at the event horizon of taking homoerotic literature-and this is literature-into main stream fiction . One can not read `` Calcutta '' or `` Elephant Men '' without sensing how deeply Mr. Vickery cares about the characters who populate them . Is it sexy , whoo boy , but made more so by the humanity of the people . From Enid , Oklahoma to the inevitable San Francisco he finds his people and gives them to us as the sexual , lusting beings that they are . But he never forgets that they , like us , are humans . They are burnished with an affectionate wink at the reader that says , `` now would n't you like to be doing this too ? '' I certainly would . Darned if I do n't take up following glass installers with red hair .
 I 'm not gay or male but I do enjoy Bob Vickery . His stories always gets my juices flowing . I will definitely read more from him .
 In 1916 Weeks was a student of engineering at Cornell . He volunteered to serve as a French Army ambulance driver . The real instructors for ambulance drivers were the stretcher bearers . The fifty year old men were endlessly patient about teaching raw Americans . They taught tenacity and mercy . On leave in September Weeks could play tennis with Suzanne Lenglen at the Monte Carlo Lawn Tennis Club . He made friends with a fellow volunteer , Harry Crosby . Christmas was celebrated at Vosges . At Christmas Weeks received knitted gifts from his five aunts . During his two years overseas he gained thirty pounds and grew six inches . He left the service with reminders of guilt and passion.Ted Weeks was admitted to Harvard as an unclassified student since his record at Cornell had not been good . Robert Hillyer , a poet , became Weeks 's resident mentor . He knew John DosPassos and Malcolm Cowley , fellow students . Allen French , writing instructor and Concord historian , gave him a picture of the Alcotts , Hawthorne , Emerson , and Thoreau . With George Pierce Baker , John Livingston Lowes , Charles Townsend Copeland , and Bliss Perry on the English faculty , Weeks feared it would take him years to make up for lost time.The magazine at Harvard , the ADVOCATE , spoofed Ellery Sedgwick 's ATLANTIC . Sedgwick 's office was on Arlington Street . Weeks and the other editors of the ADVOCATE gave him a presentation copy . Walter D. Edmonds and Oliver LaFarge were published in the ADVOCATE . Virgil Thomson 's critical intelligence was evident as was John Mason Brown 's flair for talking . Philip Barry attended Baker 's drama workshop . Professors were more accessible then than now . Weeks went to Cambridge University for graduate work . He crossed the ocean on a cattle boat and tended the cattle . Cattle hands were not part of the crew . There were 280 steers and 11 bulls . Nine days later , landing in scotland , Weeks was ravenous . Cambridge was in the fens , He read vigorously and , as was the case at Harvard , his memory of the year is studded with famous names.In 1923 Weeks moved moved to Greenwich Village . He worked as a book salesman at Boni & Liveright . He received a handwritten offer from Ellery Sedgwick to join the staff of the ATLANTIC . Ellery Sedgwick would give him more latitude than he had in his New York career and so Weeks took him up on his offer . He was to be ` first reader ' . Weeks learned to trust the judgment of a co-worker , Florence Converse . The two read 160 manuscripts a day . After four years Weeks was given the opportunity to edit ATLANTIC books through an arrangement with Little Brown . He learned in that position that a publisher 's relationship with an author is evolutionary . He was editor to some best selling authors including James Hall and Charles Nordhoff , and Hans Zinsser who wrote RATS , LICE and HISTORY . Zinsser lived across the street from him on Beacon Hill.The ATLANTIC lost ground during the Depression . The magazine was resized and brightened in 1939 . Weeks liked to vacation in New Brunswick , he liked to fish . He enjoyed meeting people and loved discovering new writers . He helped writers turn their nonfiction magazine contributions into books . Mencken believed Americans would have a literature of surpassing freshness and vitality . To our shame we do n't put value on the precise use of words . In June 1938 Weeks became the ninth editor of the ATLANTIC . He learned that editors read manuscripts and think weekends .
 This two volume set on the entire canon of Raymond Chandlers work is beautifully put together and very enjoyable to read . After reading this one can only respect the creative mind that created this riveting collection . Marlowe was/is the father of the modern hip detective and as this collection shows the author deserves all the praise in the world for creating him along with numerous other fasinating short stories and screenplays . .
 There was a time when Chandler was put into the ` mystery writer ' cubbyhole and forgotten - that time is gone . Read this book and learn why Chandler should be taught in every school/university that cares about giving its students the tools necessary to appreciate great writing . Read this book and find yourself smiling at how good the writing is , how clver the plots - how interesting the characters . Read this book and see what great American writer truly rivals the great European writer sof the 19th century .
 Chandler is perhaps the greatest writer of detective fiction and a great author period . To ignore these books is to ignore much of what is great about American literature.Two of his three best novels are included here -LRB- The Big Sleep & Farewell , My Lovely -RRB- . The stories and great fun , if also rather flawed . My biggest complaint is that are presented here in their republished form , rather than with the original names of the protagonists . -LRB- For example , the hero of `` Red Wind '' is Philip Marlowe here , rather than John Dalmas . -RRB- That a fairly minor quibble . Especially good are `` Goldfish '' and `` Red Wind . `` The binding is very nice , as are all Library of America editions . My edition has held up quite well after heavy use .
 For you hard-boiled detective fans who are also intogeneology , you might like to trace Philip Marlowe 's familytree . Raymond Chandler 's prototypes for his now famous detective began in the mid-30 's with characters from some of his early pulp magazine stories . Whether the character is Ted Carmady , Johnny Dalmas , John Evans , Tony Resick or a character named simply Mallory , they all had the qualities and charactoristics that eventually evolved into what became Philip Marlowe . Red Wind , Trouble Is My Business and Goldfish are just three of more than 40 stories Chandler wrote during his lifetime . Do n't miss a single one !
 Chandler was a brilliant writer and an American genius , every bit as important asHemingway . But he was n't very good as a mystery writer . He was honest about it , too , saying that he was more interested in atmosphere than logical deduction.It certainly shows in this collection . Chandler came to detective novels through the format of pulp fiction , which focused on violence and titillation rather than logic . Pulp writers wrote thrillers and action stories more than mysteries . Chandler did the same . To be honest , most of his early short stories are unreadable , and his one later story `` The Pencil '' does n't even make it into the volume . Stuff like `` Blackmailers Do n't Shoot '' adheres to tough-guy posturing and mannerisms on every page , but it 's impossible to figure out who is blackmailing whom , and why , and also why these thugs are shooting those thugs . Of the whole lot , only `` Pearls Are A Nuisance '' turns out to be a sort of gem , mostly because it is a screwball comedy written in a ridiculously pedantic tone , very out of character . But you ca n't make a career writing stuff like that.We all know that this humble start eventually led to a huge success . However , revisiting The Big Sleep , it is surprising just how much it is indebted to the early work , and just how much it continues in the vein of the pulps . The rapidly accumulating murders are impenetrable ; Chandler famously stated that he had no idea who killed the driver . -LRB- It seemed to me that it was an accident , but if so , it was a very improbable one . -RRB- Also reflecting Chandler 's rough beginnings , this first Philip Marlowe novel is the only one where Marlowe kills a criminal.But at the same time , you can also see that something else is emerging . The ending of The Big Sleep is a stunning flash that instantaneously solves the main mystery , even if it does mean that all the sideplots fall by the wayside . It also introduces Marlowe as a unique character in American fiction . Tough guys who fight crime for great justice were nothing new in the 1930s , much less now . But Marlowe 's concept of justice appears to be motivated by some instinctive sixth sense of honour , combined with a profound visceral disgust for criminals . Chandler understood that a little principle goes a long way -- Marlowe does not deliver long speeches or action-hero wisecracks , and often Chandler focuses so much on the routine details of the investigation -LRB- as well as Marlowe 's whiskey-drinking -RRB- that it 's impossible to tell exactly what the detective is thinking about everything . But in the ending , you see that he never forgot about principle , and that he understood the people he was dealing with long ago . His solution of the case is not based on any particular clue as much as on his instinctive perception of Carmen 's character.That 's not exactly detective fiction , but it is phenomenal drama . Chandler was a natural fit for Hollywood -LRB- where he wrote at leastoneclassic screenplay -RRB- , and yet no director or actor ever got Marlowe.Hawkshas Bogart smirk too much and talk too fast , andAltmanis clueless about Marlowe 's motivation . The best Marlowe wasMitchum.But back to the collection . Chandler 's second novel was Farewell , My Lovely , which surpasses The Big Sleep as much as the latter surpassed the short stories . It introduces Chandler 's lyricism . Marlowe 's disgust for criminals is blended with self-criticism -LRB- in a mordantly funny inner monologue when he attempts to obtain information from a key witness by plying her with gin -RRB- , loneliness , and a kind of detached sorrow . The book is still full of disconnected incidents -LRB- the entire trip to Amthor turns out to be a pointless digression -- actually the movie with Mitchum improved on this part -RRB- , but there are also actual clues , such as a business card that the reader is unlikely to notice in time . In any case , the digressions do n't matter as much , as the book is full of vivid supporting characters ... or , rather , the most generic supporting characters become vivid through Chandler 's ornate , stylized dialogue , full of evasions and double meanings . A routine investigation scene , taking place in the hotel across from the bar where the book begins , is full of rich , quotable dialogue . The token cop character , omnipresent in detective fiction , splits into the lazy , jaded Nulty , desensitized by routine and unrewarding investigations , and the scarily professional detective Randall , every bit as sharp as Marlowe -LRB- and maybe more -RRB- , but constrained by the law as well as by extra-legal politics.Chandler 's third novel The High Window is probably the best detective story in this book . It is an extremely enjoyable read , and the investigation is more streamlined , and makes more sense , than in the first two books . Pleasantly , the token cop character this time around turns out to be a very reasonable man who tries to work together with Marlowe , a welcome change from the stereotype . The book generally has all the same elements as the others , with an unexpected twist and a somewhat more uplifting ending than usual , even if it does n't cut quite as deep , and the endlessly masochistic Merle is neither interesting nor sympathetic enough to make a good emotional lynchpin . Still , as far as entertainment value is concerned , it delivers fully.This collection offers a lot of lasting value , and it 's not even Chandler 's best . That camelater , with The Lady In The Lake , The Little Sister , and The Long Goodbye . He never quite became a mystery writer , but his contemplation of loss , isolation , and loyalty deepened , and his evocative , yet simple language and metaphors are just about unmatched in American literature .
 I really am enjoying reading many of Chandler 's early stories . This volume is beautiful and very easy to read . Excellent quality with very legible typeface and light on the hands too . Looking forward to starting my Hammett collection in a few weeks after I 'm done with this one . Well done !
 Raymond -LRB- Mr. Chandler to you -RRB- is one of my favorite authors . The way he can describe old LA or old San Diego in words is priceless . Book was sold as in good shape . Book arrived in GREAT shape . Somehow the shipping improved the condition impressively .
 There are Hammett fans and Chandler fans . I am for Hammett , but Chandler 's work remains compelling . The plots are nonsense but the metaphors are the purest gold . The opening scenes of THE BIG SLEEP and FAREWELL , MY LOVELY are delicious every time .
 Just my personal opinion , but I think Raymond Chandler is one of the most underrated American authors . Anyone who has n't read `` The Long Goodbye '' must be punishing themselves for sins in a past life . `` The Big Sleep '' and `` The High Window '' are also excellent novels -- good mysteries.But what really makes Chandler 's stories hold up so well is the language
 Earlier anthologies of Raymond Chandler 's works mostly center upon what have come to be known as his ` big four ' or earliest novels -- The Big Sleep , Farewell My Lovely , The High Window , The Lady In The Lake -- or upon his later , and admittedly -LRB- with the possible exception of The Little Sister -RRB- ` inferior ' works . Chandler 's earlier short stories -LRB- many of which he `` cannibalized , '' to use his word , for the material in his subsequent novels -RRB- are normally treated as a separate genre altogether.This particular collection , rightly , combines Chandler 's first three novels with the best of his earlier short stories , recognizing the thematic unity in those works . -LRB- Good as it is , `` The Lady In The Lake '' demands to be treated separately from Chandler 's earlier efforts . -RRB- Chances are , if you 're reading this , you 've read most , if not all , of Chandler 's Phillip Marlowe novels . You may as well have read many , if not all , of the short stories presented here . But have you read these novels , and these short stories , TOGETHER in this context ? Likely not . But you deserve to.In the short stories , for example , there are protagonists named John Evans , Ted Carmody and Tony Resick -LRB- the last two of which , interestingly , inhabit locations which were most likely Los Angeles ' Hotel Mayfair , with which Chandler had more than a nodding familiarity -RRB- . And when , in Chandler 's writings , did they meld themselves into what would be his penultimate creation , Phillip Marlowe?And at which point did Chandler begin to write , as fellow writer Ross McDonald termed it , `` like a slumming angel ... '' ? The answers to both questions may well lie here , in this collection.Pick up this collection ! Read it ! Discover the material anew !
 Raymond Chandler - from out of the past comes a master storyteller . His style is remarkable ; smooth interaction and dialog , the plots intricate , well designed , reader friendly ; but it was the three-dimensional detailing that I enjoyed the most when I finally discovered this out-of-the ordinary mystery writer . This particular grouping of his work by Library of America contains a selection of his short pulp fiction writings . These are splendid , each within a little world of it 's own , and one marvels at his imagination . For genuine reading entertainment , Chandler is hard to put down once started . `` Blackmailers Do n't Shoot '' - is a misnomer for sure . Everybody in this tale will shoot at anything that moves quickly given half a chance . Four men - three hoods and a `` maybe '' kind of good guy - are roughed up , betrayed by each other and killed within a short span of time over the foibles of a beautiful actress with more `` whim encouraged by ego '' than good sense . `` Finger man '' - testifying before a Grand Jury and helping put away a wise guy can be bad for the health . So can Casinos , mob money , political influence in underworld activities ; putting a street-wise detective at risk for taking the rap after receiving skimmed money from a desperate woman working both sides of the fence . One of the most intriguing parts of the action involves using a cat as a most effective weapon of opportunity . `` Nevada Gas '' - the first casualty of the night belonged to a shady politico who promised to grease the wheels of justice and `` get the half-brother of a gangster '' out of the hot seat for a respectable fee ; the service was bought and paid for , but was n't delivered . That usually spells trouble in the world of exchanged favors and crooked politics , especially when playing for keeps with `` tough guys '' . These particular people had their own way of `` dealing with a double-dealer '' - a back seat with no door handles and a sweet odor of almonds . `` Pearls are a Nuisance '' - in a vast departure from the others comes this bit of tomfoolery . In fact , you have to get into it awhile to figure out what he is doing ; then it dawns on you with a big laugh . Picture Tom and Dick Smothers as private detectives , only Tom has a snootful . Or Leslie Neilsen with a sidekick . It starts off with the `` detective '' getting a call from his girlfriend who suspects a strand of phony pearls has been heisted from her employer and she thinks she knows who did it . As she outlines the theory to him , she casually mentions that the suspected perp `` tried to kiss her . '' Bristling with testosterone , our man makes his way immediately to the perps address to confront him - not about the pearls so much as about the `` tried to kiss '' thing . Brandy and Scotch bottles appear as if from nowhere ; after a very unusual brawl the two tipsy adversaries become fast friends and determine they can solve the mystery over another bottle of Scotch . It is truly a hoot , and totally unexpected . Forsooth , after reading Chandler 's bio , one might suspect he had been hitting another flask of his own as wrote this one . `` Goldfish '' - in another tale of precious pearls heisted , `` goldfish '' turned out to be a password of sorts - once that password was delivered , the answers to the next questions better be right and our detective is flying by the seat of his pants in that department ; he knows just enough to get himself killed if he does n't play it right . But the mastermind had outsmarted himself as most of them ultimately tend to do . The theft itself turned out to be the easiest part of the idea ; because the merchandise became too hot to handle . A bloodhound-type pursuit ensues with a thrilling ending that was one of a kind.These short stories , mingling with the novels , make for long , lingering evenings of reading enjoyment if you 're in the mood for mystery , well done .
 Chandler Stories & Early NovelsRaymond Chandler wrote short stories for the monthly mystery magazines that entertained its customers . These were printed on the un-coated paper called `` pulp '' to distinguish them from magazines printed on slick coated paper . Chandler reused some of his short stories to create his novels . The thirteen short stories in this volume were never used for any novel . Chandler 's first three novels complete this volume -LRB- they were adapted for movies -RRB- . The `` Chronology '' lists the important events in his life -LRB- pp.1181-1190 -RRB- `` Blackmailers Do n't Shoot '' starts where a private detective from Chicago tries to get back compromising letters from a movie star from a blackmailer . There are complicated plots , shootings , and dead bodies for a cynical ending to this story . -LSB- An early story . -RSB- These four short stories came from `` Pickup on Noon Street '' . `` Pickup on Noon Street '' tells about a day in the life of an undercover narcotics agent in Los Angeles . There is a botched attempt at extortion that leads to a new situation . There is a lot of action that slowly leads to the surprise ending . `` Smart-Aleck Kill '' is about blackmail and extortion . When a movie director is found dead his private detective tries to solve the murder . There is a discussion among the top men , then truth and bullets end this story . The story for the public means `` no dirt on the administration '' . `` Nevada Gas '' begins with a novel method of murder . A gangster seeks revenge against whose who betrayed him . A man investigates a murder attempt . At the end he gets the information he needs to solve the murders . -LSB- The story of a copied blue Lincoln seems implausible . -RSB- `` Guns at Cyrano 's '' is about a resident of a hotel who finds the girlfriend of a boxer is being threatened . Is the fight fixed ? Later the boxer and his girlfriend meet a man with a gun . The police show up to investigate . There is an interesting plot about an old Senator and a young girl . The issues are resolved in a showdown.These four short stories came from `` Trouble Is My Business '' . `` Trouble Is My Business '' tells of a job where Marlowe has to break up the romance between a wealthy heir and a showgirl . This ends in a tragedy for the powerful millionaire that hired Marlowe . -LRB- Why could n't Marlowe notice the tail when he went to visit the Questioned Document Examiner ? -RRB- Does this story echo some Shakespearean tragedy ? `` Finger Man '' tells how a crooked politician tries to get even with Marlowe . A man hires Marlowe to act as his bodyguard when he visits a gambling house . The man is found dead , his winnings wind up in Marlowe 's safe . The story ends with the guilty dead or in jail ; except for the red-head . `` Goldfish '' tells how Marlowe is hired to recover stolen property . The insurance company offered a reward . A suspect is found dead . More difficulties follow . Another pair try to find the pearls . Marlowe finds the paroled thief . The evil pair are neutralized , Marlowe finds the hidden pearls . `` Red Wind '' begins with Marlowe drinking a beer at a bar , watching another man drink rye . A stranger walks in for a drink . The rye drinker suddenly shoots him , and walks out the door . Now the mystery begins
 As a reader of classical fiction along the lines of Trollope and Bronte , I assumed Raymond Chandler would have little to offer me . But after hearing Toby Stephens ' brilliant portrayal of his iconic Philip Marlowe on British radio I became intrigued . This volume is part of a set of two with all of Chandler 's stories except Poodle Springs , his last , finished by Robert B. Parker . I began with the famous novels Farewell My Lovely and The Big Sleep . The writing was like nothing I was familiar with . Rather than be turned off by the slang of the underclass of the Depression Era ' 30 's , I was drawn into a world totally realized and fascinating . The character of Marlowe is a miracle of cynicism and chivalry . The mystery in each novel is almost beside the point . It 's Marlowe with his world-weary charm and wise-cracking persona that kept me enthralled . I then enjoyed reading Chandler 's earlier stories for the pulp fiction magazines watching the evolution of his talent and spying glimpses of the Marlowe-to-be . Put your prejudices aside and prepare for artistry of a totally different kind.Classic Chandler
 Second only to Dashiell Hammett , the works of Raymond Chandler are the best in American crime fiction . Great style with words , intrieging plots , fascinating characters , I enjoy everthing he has written . The Big Sleep is also a wonderful movie with Bogie playing the lead and Bacall the vamp .
 What I consider one of the greatest descriptive writers in the Western cannon , Chandler can transport you in to old Los Angeles . Every story will make you crave a stiff drink and perhaps even leaving a smell of tabacoo in your clothes . I recomend these stories to people who want to understand LA better because Chandler caught the essence of the city that can even be seen today . Look down the 2nd street tunnel at 2 am and see that barrel of a gun or drive to the Rosebowl and see why he makes reference that there are no sidewalks in that wealthy neighborhood . If you want to learn about noir , there is a reason Chandler is considered one of the fathers .
 For you hard-boiled detective fans who are also intogeneology , you might like to trace Philip Marlowe 's familytree . Raymond Chandler 's prototypes for his now famous detective began in the mid-30 's with characters from some of his early pulp magazine stories . Whether the character is Ted Carmady , Johnny Dalmas , John Evans , Tony Resick or a character named simply Mallory , they all had the qualities and charactoristics that eventually evolved into what became Philip Marlowe . Red Wind , Trouble Is My Business and Goldfish are just three of more than 40 stories Chandler wrote during his lifetime . Do n't miss a single one !
 The addition of this title and its companion volume , `` Later Novels & Other Writings , '' to the venerable Library of America series makes official what mystery fans have always known
 Despite being out of print , this is still one of the most useful books any citizen can read . It shows you where your political interests lie and why , for most of us , the U.S. does n't feel like the world 's richest country any more .
 I reccomend this book highly but I will warn you that Phillips is an optimist . I read this book before I read his `` Arrogant Capital '' and it strikes me that Phillips is maybe a little too naive in expecting things to improve in America . It is fortunate of course that we in this country have people like Phillips who inform us well so that we can then make informed decisions about what to do in the future . Take me for instance , I have decided to leave America for the next 15 years , or at least I am going to attempt a life abroad . If you read Phillips and Krugman and just about what any other respected journalist or educated government watcher writes , then there is but one inescapable conclusion - viz , America ails with a terminal illness . The microbes of this illness are the K-Street lobbyists and also the Christian Coalition . According to Phillips the demise of the middle class which incidentally is a symptom of the breakdown of governance , started a long time ago , when we did not have Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson running around with their silly diatribes . So , at this late stage in the atrophy , injecting religion into politics is akin to shooting crystal meth into your veins when you are in the last stages of liver cancer . The final nail in the coffin . By the way , I am a born again Christian evangelical .
 Phillips does a good job of demonstrating why the American middle class was shrinking in the early 1990 's . The situation today -LRB- 2008 -RRB- has only been exacerbated by 17 years of more of the same-more and more speculation in financial assets and stocks and less and less industrial and manufacturing production.A combination of securitization and banker financed speculation has resulted in an economy where the major growth sector is '' financial services '' . More and more income is diverted into this speculative sinkhole while less and less is invested in long run physical capital formation that will create jobs and businesses where profits are based on production.The current banker dominated approach to income generation is the manipulation of the financial assets of corporate America-profit without production.It is obvious that the fortunes of the American middle class are tied to an economy primarily based on a strong industrial-manufacturing sector that produces real goods for sale . These fortunes are severely impacted negatively if the currently dominate speculative approach continues.The core of Philips analysis is contained on pp.185-190 . Phillips does an excellent job in discussing this issue.The impact on the reader , however , could have been much greater if Phillips had explicitly tied his analysis to the analysis originally presented by Adam Smith in 1776 and restated in advanced form by John Maynard Keynes in 1936 in The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money . Unfortunately , Phillips appears to be unaware that Adam Smith had already warned against allowing speculators to take control of an economy by allowing them access to bank loans with which to leverage their debt positions.Smith 's conclusion is that savings loaned out to speculators is savings that is '' ... wasted and destroyed '' . There has never been a more clearcut warning about the dangers of speculation . -LRB- See Adam Smith ,1776 , Modern Library -LRB- Cannan -RRB- edition of The Wealth of Nations,pp.339-340 -RRB- . I have deducted one star due to this omission .
 Phillips is an extraordinary writer . He is also non partisan . His analysis is spot on and very compelling . I would recommend him to anyone .
 There 's something about seeing hot springs and mud pots in winter that I really enjoy -- lots of steam and snow!This book has 44 tours in Lassen Volcanic National Park in Northern California . This area is beautiful but less-visited than the Sierra . Each tour is rated with difficulty , length , elevation , navigation , time , and season . All tours have B&W copies USGS topos -LRB- 1 inch per mile scale -RRB- with the trail outlined . Each tour has a description of what you see , where to start , and leads you through the tour . The book also has a list of local lodging and official information sources . Lots of interesting and entertaining ski pictures are sprinkled in the book . The only thing I think is missing would be an index , but that would n't stop me from buying the book.Also recommended
 When Brother Brutha of the Omnian Church starts talking to a tortoise , he merely assumes that he has gone mad . However , when the tortoise turns out to be the great god Om who is having a Bad Day , Brutha finds that his faith is about to be put to the test ... Up to -LRB- and including -RRB- Witches Abroad , Terry Pratchett was an author who wrote books that broadly fell in two categories
 `` Small Gods '' is the thirteenth book in Terry Pratchett 's Discworld series , and was first published in 1992 . Omnia lies on the Klatchian coast , between the Klatchian desert and Howondaland 's jungles . The country is run by religious fundamentalists , with the Cenobiarch officially in charge of both the church and the state . However , the real power lies with Vorbis , head of the Quisition - who most people expect to be anointed the Eighth Prophet . -LRB- It 's been 200 years since the Declaration of the Prophet Abbys , which means that the time of the Eighth Prophet was at hand - Om tends to have very punctual prophets -RRB- . Vorbis terrifies most people he meets , which is hardly surprising given his job title and his physical appearance probably helps - shaven all over and eyes of the deepest black.The Omnians have very firm beliefs - that Om is the only god and that the Discworld is round , for example . Anyone who says differently , however , is branded a heretic and booked in for an appointment with the Quisition . Unfortunately the Omnians are entirely wrong - there are plenty of gods on the Discworld , with many of the more important deities living at Dunmanifestin . Furthermore , the Discworld is flat and is supported on the backs of four great elephants - which , in turn , are carried by the great turtle A'Tuin . Vorbis , however , is n't too happy that many people in Omnia have started to believe these heretical lies - with Ephebe being blamed as the source of the wicked rumours in question . Their righteous anger has been compounded by an attack on Brother Murduck , who was visiting Ephebe , and the burning of the Omnian fleet . -LRB- Those who live in Ephebe , however , considered that an act of pre-emptive defence , following Om 's invasion and occupation of Betrek and Ushistan -RRB- . Things are going to get any better for Vorbis either - as it turns out , Om 's eighth prophet is Brutha . On paper , he seems to be a strange choice
 -- sooner or later.Pratchett has done the unthinkable - kept a series -LRB- and a humor series at that -RRB- alive and fresh well into its second dozen . This book started that second dozen.It 's about Brutha , a minor novitiate even among novitiates who are all minor . He 's doing what he does best , hoeing the beans , when his god arises before him in physical manifestation : A turtle . Slow . Partial to lettuce . Not fond of being turned over or dropped . Not much for conversation when it gets cold out . And , as near as Om can tell , the god of Brutha only . No one else seems to be paying much attention when the god calls down plagues , or at least some really nasty rashes.In Prathcett 's hands , this small start yields a very worthy bit of amusement . No , there 's really no point to what Pratchett writes -LRB- well , that 's what he wants you to think -RRB- . Brutha crosses his world , overturns empires as easily as he overturns weeds in the bean-patch , and dies happy . Everyone dies , and Brutha has seen lots of the other ways - this really is a happy ending.For all of its shallow jests , this book has rewards for the serious reader . Brutha wins in the end by be slow , thick , and mind-bogglingly even-handed . Om finally comes out of his shell and really makes his entry , even among the more exclusive clubs of the gods . Everyone gets what they deserve in the end , no matter what you thought they deserved . By the way
 `` Small Gods '' is another Discworld novel , and one of the best to date . Taking place far away from the more familiar setting of Ankh-Morpork , the story centers on the struggle for religious freedom , and the difference between truth and perception.Through absolutely no fault of his own , Brutha , a novice in the church of Omnia , has the misfortune of meeting his God as a voice inside his own head . Whereas the church is one of persecution , power grabbing and torture , Brutha is a peace-loving individual , slow in thought and imagination . He is ill prepared for meeting a deity . Om , his God , is n't having a very good day either.Practchett utilizes his unique sense of humor and the setting of Discworld , to satire modern culture and popular thought . In `` Small Gods '' , the issues tackled are religion , fanaticism and the drive for power . Whereas all of the Discworld books are funny , `` Small Gods '' is both funny and extremely thought provoking , with perhaps the hint of a message.The book is n't quite as silly as , for instance , `` Reaper Man '' , but there is plenty of the traditional silliness throughout . No need to lose one 's sense of humor when making a point . Pratchett manages with style . -LRB- The guide to Discworld at the back is pretty fun , as well . -RRB-
 In `` Small Gods '' , Terry Pratchett tackles religion and philosophy . This is both a good thing and a bad thing . Our character offerings this time are an evil inquisitor named Vorbis , a meek apprentice named Brutha , and their almighty God Om , here incarnated as a powerless tortoise . Religion is the subject of the first half of the book , as we get lots of jokes about the evils of oppressive theocracy of medieval mindsets . I do n't mind humor on this topic ; the problem lies more in Pratchett 's lack of originality . The jokes are mostly old ones , with a distinctly dreary feel . Pratchett 's humor works better in the conversations between Brutha and Om , where the ` logic ' of religion clashes with the oddness of having a god who 's a small tortoise to produce some bizarre results.Brutha
 When Temple Novice Brutha hears a small turtle talking to him , he is certain it is a demon -- until the turtle persuades Brutha that he -LRB- the turtle -RRB- is , in fact , the Great God Om . Brutha 's entire civilization is built around the worship of Om , but worship and belief are two very different things . In Discworld , a god 's power comes from the prayers of his believers and Om , it turns out , has exactly one believer -- Brutha . Brutha is not especially bright , but he has a perfect memory and he is tasked to come on a journey with the Exquisitioner of Om -- a man who has made a career of routing evil out of the theocracy . On the journey , Brutha discovers philosophy , books , and strange ideas about coexistance.The idea of a world swarming with small gods , each desparately seeking for believers and each concerned primarily with their own self-interest -LRB- it is the amount rather than the content of the prayer tha matters -RRB- is funny and author Terry Pratchett milks it to the max . The once-great and now diminished Om is a charming character , full of himself and of practical advice that Brutha mostly ignores . Pratchett presents SMALL GODS in a fairy-tale style , tying the story together with other Discworld novels through the device of the time monks and the omni-present Death.Occasionally , Pratchett gets a little carried away with his message and certainly SMALL GODS does n't deliver the kind of complex and evolving character that Pratchett develops in his wonderful Night Watch sub-series -LRB- NIGHT WATCH was BooksForABuck.com 's # 1 pick for 2002 -RRB- , but the novel is well written and interesting nevertheless .
 What can I say that has n't already been said ? This book is a masterpiece ; it is well written , creative , original , hilarious and thought-provoking . From the first page I was mesmerized , and it has long since become my favorite book . I have written more than my fair share of essays about this amazing story . Terry Pratchett has perfected the art of making you laugh and making you think . I would recommend this book to anyone with an open mind and a love of laughter .
 Terry Pratchet is very rare today . He actually writes satire that is very funny . Small Gods is about the rise of a new religion through simple belief . He satires the idea of church , but not faith . If you do not have a sense of humor when it comes to religion , this book is not for you . His story unfolds that every religion starts out with good intentions , but ends up mired in dogma . You ca n't but help to love the turtle god and his half-wit follower . The scene with the god and an eagle is a true classic of modern writing . This book is part of the famous discworld series , but stands alone and apart . This is a good book for a new reader to Pratchett to start . If you liked Douglass Adams or satire , then you will love Terry Pratchett . You will spend most of the time laughing along with the story .
 This was my first Discworld book , and although I do n't know what I do n't know about the others , this story seemed like a good place to start . That is , it did n't seem to require any prior knowledge of the series to understand.This story is about an apparent simpleton , Brutha , whose simple faith is humorously juxtaposed against the absurdity of religion run amok.The plot itself was a simple construction to allow the author to wax humorous on the concepts of gods , worshippers , and philosophy in order to get across his message about the human condition - that purity of heart can not only triumph over evil , but maybe even redeem it in some cases , and that victory perhaps does n't require us to impale our enemies on sharp sticks -LRB- or hot turtles -RRB- .
 This book is simply hilarious . All of Terry 's books at least make me crack a smile at one point , but only a few are truly comedy masterworks , and this is one of them . I do n't want to give away much of the plot or any of the jokes , so this wo n't be a very long review . Suffice to say that this is one of the best religious parodies I 've read . Some other reviewers have found this book offensive , but unless you 're a very touchy religious conservative or a Catholic from several hundred years ago , I doubt you 'll mind . None of the characters in this book occur in other books , which makes this an ideal start to the Discworld series .
 Imagine , if you will , that you are a big time god , with millions of worshippers , big temples , and all the trappings . That you can incarnate as an impressive ram or a magnificent white swan and that you have all the standard godlike powers . Then , one day , you close your eyes for just a seconds and , suddenly , you found it 's years later and you are a small turtle being carried 200 feet in the air by a hungry eagle . An eagle who fully intends to drop you in order to crack your shell . Fortunately the eagle miscalculates and instead of dead , you wind up face down in a compost heap . Such was the fate of The Great God Om.Or , imagine that you are a temple novice . Not a particularly bright novice , but well behaved . You have a fantastic memory , but are a little short on what it takes to understand how the squiggly markings on the scroll can be words and ideas . You 're nice , even tempered , and have a bit of a weight problem . While you will probably be a novice forever , you like novicey tasks like turning the compost heap and tending the garden . Or you did until a crazy , one-eyed turtle walked out of the grass and said , ` Hey , you ! ' Such was the fate of Brutha.So begins Terry Pratchett 's marvelously witty attack on organized religion , spiritual snobbery , philosophers , and bad people in general . For , with all those people worshipping Om , only one person really believed in him . You guessed it , Brutha the novice . You see , gods need people who believe in them , or they kind of dry up and disappear into the desert with all the other small gods . Om sees the handwriting on the wall . In order to stay in business he will heed to enlist Brutha , push him into action , and completely rework Omnianism . No simple task for a god whose current lightning bolt will barely singe an eyebrow.To make matters worse , our hapless duo must deal with Deacon Vorbis , head of the Omnian Quisition . All of the Omnian Church 's inquisitors take their orders from Vorbis , who was more or less the opposite of Brutha . He is very smart , quite thin , and not very nice at all . The kind of person who turns turtles upside down in the sun to see how long it takes them to die . Vorbis is a strict follower of the Omnian church and intends to be its next prophet . He is not about to let a holy turtle and a chubby novice get in the way . Instead he intends to use Brutha 's eidetic memory to aid in the invasion of the city Ephebe , which is full of philosophers , gods , and is not very cooperative at all.In Pratchett 's hand the struggles of Om and Brutha are the basic material for a funny and insightful look at the difference between worship and belief . Pratchett has little toleration for dogma , unquestioning belief , or the abuse of religious power . But he is never unkind , simply honest , and it is clear that he writes from a strong ethical sense . He is to be admired for undertaking what is usually a difficult subject and bringing his points home with considerable consideration and love . If you 're looking for a diatribe you wo n't find it here . If what you want is a bit of insight and a lot of snorts and chuckles , `` Small Gods '' is just the book for you .
 Having just finished `` SMALL GODS '' , I am somewhat embarrassed . Having been a fan of Mr Pratchett , it 's somewhat emabarrassing to be writing a review of one of his books . I mean , even thinking I 'm going to tell a reader something they do n't already know is like thinking about the smell of the color purple ! Either you know it , or you do n't ! SMALL GODS is the sort of inside joke rich people share at cocktail parties , sniggering at those who do n't get it . They are also the sort of people Vorbis could have made use of.Pratchett makes use of Christianity , Islam , Buddhism , a dash of Catholicism , and a pinch of heresy in this incredibly brilliant novel . Even more , while making you enjoy a long , loud belly-laugh , he makes you think . Agnostics and athiests will enjoy this tale of God come to earth in the guise of a tortise < `` There 's good eating in one of those '' > , and God 's subsequent adventures on earth -- Oops , I meant DiscWorld -- trying to get belief back in him-oops-Himself reinstated.Because , you see , a god ca n't exist without the belief of his believers ... it gets rather complicated ... It gets by turns , hilarious , hysterical , funny , howlingly funny , scary , funny , howlingly funny , howlingly hysterical , hysterically scary , terrifying , and above all , imminently readable . And oddly enough , whatever your religious persuasion , or antithesis thereof , ultimately thought provoking.READ THIS BOOK . IF NOT , I 'LL ASK YOU WHY YOU DID N'T . -LRB- Oh dear , all caps ... Read this book , children . It will keep HIM who speaks only in all CAPS away . You 'll enjoy it . You might as well , because sooner or later HE is going to find you anyway , so have a good laugh before hand . -RRB- ARE YOU DONE NOW?Er , yes . I think so.YOU DID N'T MENTION ME IN YOUR REVIEW.Right ... Must go , that slip could cost me my life . But if not , read SMALL GODS , and do yourself a favor .
 If there is truth to the old adage that humor is simply tragedy revisited , then Terry Pratchett 's Small Gods may be the world 's funniest books . Pratchett has revisited the whole bloody history of religion , philosophy , government , and science as they are put to use in the service of war , death , and destruction , and served them up as a feast of knowing smiles , wicked grins , meaningful chuckles , spontaneous laughter , and a couple of uncontrollable guffaws for desert . But be warned , if you do n't find it palatable to mix a bit of thinking and contemplation with your laughter , you might want to pass on this one.Pratchett may be a philosopher disguised as a fantasy novelist and humorist . He gives us characters that brilliantly capture the gamut of human endeavor , from the pure malice of Vorbis , the true believer inquisitor , to the equally pure humanity of Brutha , the peasant prophet of brotherly love . He shows a keen understanding of the entire muddle in between , where most of us dwell , as well . He dissects the nature of belief and the relationship that humans have to their gods and vice-a-versa . And he shows exactly why the best human instincts so rarely win out in the end and what could happen when they do . Along the way , he scatters a plethora of erudite and silly jokes like land mines . Dissertations could be written on this book , but that would miss the point.Avoid this book if you are adverse to cleverness and hilarity . Otherwise , put your hands on a copy post haste and join the delighted initiates of Pratchett 's marvelous and witty world.Theo Logos
 This was my twelfth Discworld novel -LRB- reading them in order -RRB- and it 's my favorite so far . Very funny and very moving . Pratchett satirizes religion , the military , atheism , philosophy , and then ties everything up neatly at the end in a most satisfying way.The book is more complex and layered than the previous I 've read . Beyond the numerous historical and literary allusions -LRB- Plato 's cave allegory , Homer , Elijah , Aesop , etc. -RRB- Pratchett weaves his own allegory of faith , God , and the solution to the dilemnas of the human condition .
 I doubt that Pratchett is capable of `` straight writing '' of any length -- his ironic wit and off-balance turn of phrase likely infuse his every waking thought ! Nevertheless , this novel has a definite dark side and the reader 's laughter is apt to taper off into an uneasy awareness of just how nasty certain kinds of people can be . Especially the coldly fanatical religious types , about whom this is very much a cautionary tale . Om is the very small god of the title , once a great supernatural being with hundreds of thousands of believers keeping him stoked , but now reduced to the form of a two-pound desert tortoise and with only the steadfast belief of Brutha , a mere novice , keeping him alive . -LRB- `` Alive '' in the sense that gods , it seems , can die , just like everyone else . -RRB- The Omnian Church is doing well , though , ruling the populace through fear and torture and engendering no belief in the deity whatever . -LRB- The Omnians believe that the world is spherical and orbits the sun -- which on the Discworld is utter superstitious nonsense . -RRB- And at the top of that unpleasant heap is the dreaded Deacon Vorbis . Om ca n't read human minds but he can see their shapes , and Vorbis 's mind has the shape of a steel ball . Nothing gets in and nothing gets out . Vorbis needs a new secretary -- the previous one having been used up -- and he takes Brutha out of his haven in the garden because of the young man 's extraordinary memory . But being in close proximity to the Deacon is going to have an effect on Brutha 's belief , and so is their diplomatic mission across the deep desert to Ephebe , home of happily contending philosophers and inventors . Some of the story 's best characters appear in Ephebe , especially the Platonic-Aristotelian Didactylos and his apprentice , the proto-Archimedian Urn . An excellent book , humane , thoughtful , and not to be taken lightly at all .
 The Great God Om wakes up in tortoise-form just as an eagle hurls him into a compost pile . If you 're the type of person who worries about being struck by lightning while reading the wrong kind of book , stay away from `` Small Gods . '' Terry Pratchett blasphemes against -LRB- or maybe I should say ` explains ' -RRB- religion in this book , and most philosophies too . This is one of his more seriously comic Discworld books , although only Pratchett -LRB- and Monty Python -RRB- would even consider an attempt at a comedy about the Grand InquisitionIf Galileo had muttered , `` Eppur si muove ! '' to the Inquisition on Discworld , he no doubt would have been referring to the gigantic turtle that carries the world on its back . He would have burned too , old as he was , if Vorbis the exquisitor had overheard him blaspheming against the perfect sphere of Discworld , which orbits around the Sun `` as Man orbits the central truth of Om . `` Meanwhile Om scrabbles out of the compost heap and discovers Brutha , a young novice who is hoeing melons in the temple garden . Brutha is the only person left on Discworld who truly believes in Om , and really bad things happen to gods who lose all of their believers.However , Brutha almost loses his god . Vorbis the exquisitor discovers the small tortoise hissing at him and does n't recognize it as his God , Om . He flips it over , inserts a couple of pebbles into its shell so it ca n't right itself , then sticks Om on the garden wall to broil in the sun.Vorbis is a bad ` un.After this temporary setback -LRB- setback , get it ? -RRB- , `` Small Gods '' carries on with the tale of Om and Brutha and their adventures as Om tries to figure out why he ended up as a tortoise , and Brutha attempts to discover truth in religion . This book is a work of fiction . All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental . However if you read very carefully , you may spot coincidental resemblances to Tom&aacute;s de Torquemada , Jesus , any number of classical Greek philosophers , early Christian saints , Old Testament prophets , and Galileo Galilei .
 Small Gods is , in my opinion , Terry Pratchett 's most powerful Diskworld novel . While continuing his reputation as a masterful humorist , Small Gods thoughtfully tackles the serious world of humanity , ecclesiatic institutions , faith and God . Or gods . As with all Diskworld novels , it 's both satire and parable of our own world -- and much more . I keep several copies on hand at all times for instant giving to favorite friends !
 If Pratchett is n't God , he 's at least tuned into that realm much better than any of us . This book is amazing . Hands down i feel it is the best book i have ever read and ever will read -LRB- and i have gotten around some in my reading already -RRB- , simply because it has everything , and teaches so much . Rolling-on-the-floor-laughing caliber humor , deeply memorable characters -LRB- Brutha is an icon -RRB- , a wonderful and original plot , and a few lessons that , should you read this book with an open mind , may change your life . I know they did mine . You owe it to yourself to read this book . If you do n't , may your sexual organs sprout wings and fly away !
 Terry Pratchett may have accomplished the miracle of goingfrom the ridiculous to the sublime , and back again . In fact , he may be the best philosopher writing today.Anyone familiar with Mr. Pratchett 's other works knows he ` sfunny . _ Small Gods _ is certainly funny . In a nutshell , it ` sthe story of a boy and his god . The problemis , the Great God Om has become a small tortoise due tothe lack of faith of his worshipers . Instead of making divinepronouncements and throwing fireballs , he 's reduced to throwingsparks and speaking in the mind of his only true believer , a simple young man named Brutha . During their adventures , we getto meet some of the best and worst denizens of the discworld , and Pratchett airs some really thought-provoking theories ofthe origins of the divine , the nature of belief , and the powerpeople have to shape the conditions in the world around them.Of course , you do n't have to buy into these crazy ideas . Afterall , it 's only a `` light fantasy comedy '' book . Right ? RIGHT?Seriously -LRB- or foolishly as the case may be -RRB- check this one out.It 's a rare book that makes you think while you 're laughingand laugh while you 're thinking .
 This book is excellent . It 's thoroughly enjoyable , well written , witty , and very engaging . This is my third Discworld book . I was disappointed by Color of Magic . The Light Fantastic was better , but not quite perfect . Small Gods is perfect . The characters are well developed and the ideas about gods and belief are brilliant . I fully recommend this book.There 's been discussion about which book to start with . This one is as good as any , better than the first few , actually . `` The Turtle Moves ! ''
 I was pleasantly surprised with this book . One of my friends suggested I not read this one yet , because she knew my habit of giving up on a book when bored with it . But being me , I read it anyway.It was excellent . The way Pratchett describes how gods and goddesses come into power and shrivel into a mere ghost of their previous forms by basis of belief is superb . This is one of those books that entertain you all the way through , but soon you find yourself really thinking about what the content means or what it COULD mean .
 Mr. Pratchett is a very good writer , and while not every discworld novel is a knock out , none have been bad . Of all of his work this is my favorite . I reread it at least every couple of months . Bruthra and Om -LSB- pointy horns -RSB- spin a tale quite entertaining that keeps me coming back . I only wish Mr. Pratchett had spent more time talking about the librarian/watcher monks . I hope you enjoy this book as much as I do .
 Pratchett consistenly brings rare genius to the table with his colorfull discworld series and Small Gods is no exception . In one of his best written novels to date , Pratchett delves into religion , spirituality and dogma with uncomprimised insight . Featuring a page turning plot , intricate and memorable charachters , biting satire , and laugh out loud humor , Small Gods delves into fantasy yet arrives poigantly at the heart of human nature . This is a briliantly written work offering not only unique perspective but great entertainment .
 This was an excellent and extremely funny book ; yet another of Pratchett 's wonderful stories . It speculates on the origins of religion and pokes fun at everyone . Definintely a must-read for believers and atheists alike .
 This book is amazing ! It provides us with great humor while taking a serious look at religion as a whole . Personally I think the Great God Om is the best character on the whole Discworld -LRB- followed by a close second of Rincewind and then Death bringing up third place -RRB- and I hope to see him again sometime soon , maybe in another Discworld book -LRB- of course -RRB- . This book also has the best villian in the whole series as far as I 'm concerned ... he was really truly an evil man . In short ... I LOVED IT !!!!!
 This was the first book I read by Pratchett , and I was just blown away . If you 've ever read anything by him , you 'll love this book also ; if you have n't his is a great place to start . Though humorous , this is probably one of the best looks at religion you 'll ever get . : -RRB-
 The first Pratchett book that I 've ever read , I was immediatThe first Pratchett book that I 've ever read , I was immediately drawn up . Coincidentally , I was considering the nature of gods at Camp Rising Sun when I read the book , so it only fueld the imagination . Definitely one of the best books that I 've ever read , and challenging Douglas Adams ' works for most humorous .
 This was the best book ever . That is all i need say . I am mainly writing this in the hope that someone with at least a spark of knowledge has noticed that near the top of the page in the synopsis et c. area , it says that i -RRB- ` brutha is a man ... ' . he is refered to by everyone as a boy and we know that he is 17 and a novice anyway.ii -RRB- that ` the disc is carried by FOUR TURTLES ' ! oh please . There are several philosophies on the disc , including that the world is an Orb , and that the universe is carried by an old man in a sack -LRB- see ` the last continent ' -RRB- , but no-where does it mention four turtles.the turtle moves.Lord BlaaP.S . No worries , eh ?
 Having never read any of Terry Pratchett 's work before , I have to admit that I was more than impressed with his novel , `` Small Gods '' . Not only was it extremely entertaining , but it was also very thought provoking and the kind of book you have to read many times to catch all of the nuances and details , and to absorb the pure , satiric pleasure of it all . One of my favorite characters is the blind prophet Didactylos , who carries a `` lantern that does n't shine for a man that does n't see '' because it `` works perfectly , and of course , is very philosophical '' . In my opinion , this not the `` usual '' fantasy novel in any way . It is an extremely smart , witty , entertaining , and intelligent read -LRB- for a book of ANY genre -RRB- , and I will enthusiastically recommend it to anyone who asks ! So do yourself a favor and READ THIS BOOK !
 I would say that this book makes a satirical strike against Organized Religion as an institution , but it pretty much goes after the disorganized ones as well , and takes a potshot or two at atheism and general philosophy along the way . The book is set in Pratchett 's Discworld series , but you do n't really need any background in Discworld other than to know the concept . There is no continuity to worry about and recognizing the cameos by recurring characters -LRB- Dibbler as Dblah , for example , or the orangutan librarian -RRB- is not necessary to enjoying the book . I 'd only read a couple other Discworld books , and I got along fine . This is a different set of characters , a different part of the world , and a different kind of story from the typical Discworld fare.The mechanics of divinity presented here are not new . The story relies on the idea that a god 's power derives from strength of belief - the more believers , the more powerful the god . Every so often , a god returns to the Discworld to appoint a new prophet and renew his faith among the masses , maybe make a few updates to his holy writings . Om is a god with millions of worshippers , so when he comes to the Discworld to choose a prophet , he is surprised to find himself incarnated into the form of a small one-eyed tortoise . That 's because while he has millions of people dedicated to the worship of Om , he only has one true believer . That believer , a young man named Brutha , is a simple novice with a unique talent - perfect memory - so that while he ca n't read or write , he has all the books of the church of Om committed to memory.The division is drawn between the belief in a god and the following of a religion . While Om once had millions of believers , which made him strong among gods , and his people conquered nations in his name , they have since forgotten what their belief was for and instead came to believe in the symbols of the church , and the mundane trappings and figures of authority have supplanted the connection to the divine . This is the world that Brutha exists in . An oppressive theocracy dedicated to the worship of Om dominates the hearts and minds of the people . The ruthless Quisition exists to enforce the proper methods of worship , and to ferret out and remove any traces of heresy from the populace . The dreaded Deacon Vorbis leads the Quisition , and intends to set himself up as the next prophet of Om . Although Vorbis does n't actually hear the voice of his god , he finds that declaring himself the prophet will make such a step irrelevant . And nobody but Brutha knows that the god Om has returned , albeit as a small reptile , and that Brutha hears his voice . And Brutha thinks the turtle might be lying.The story is told in a witty , ironic , wry narrative style that never fails to elicit a smile or a chuckle from the reader . There may be occasional laugh-out-loud funny moments , their presence and frequency depending on your own inclination to laugh out loud . But there are also a great many moments of deeper examination , where the author examines the nature of belief , worship , and truth itself . This is the boldest move for Pratchett in this book . Pratchett examines several aspects of religion , and it 's clear that when he 's talking about human nature and religion in his fantasy world , he 's really talking about our world . And he does n't shy away from holding unpleasant aspects of these topics under scrutiny . He manages to be critical without being judgmental , and such a critical eye might make some readers uncomfortable , but I can see just as well how it could help others reaffirm their own faith in what they believe.The parts of the book that focus on the minor characters of Simony and Urn are a little dull , and probably unnecessary . Pratchett almost gets sidetracked with this subplot consisting mostly of commentary on war and the arms race . Since this plot seems to spring out of nowhere fairly late in the story , it serves to distract from the characters that the reader has become attached to . I recommend the reader skim lightly over these parts and return to the main story as soon as possible . If Pratchett felt like making another commentary about war in addition to the one about religion , he probably ought to have made it in a separate book , rather than bundle it into this one.Fortunately , the book 's flaws are relatively minor , and easily overlooked . I would n't hesitate to recommend this to anyone who enjoys a little wit and humor , and can see the funny side of religious fundamentalism .
 Terry Pratchett makes a funny and yet serious critic to the instituon of the church . But he goes further , he also makes a critic to the persons who are draged into it , sometimes unwillingly . And he continues by critiking the gods themselves , who at least aparently do n't give a damn to us , his worshipers.P.S. : I worship the almighty god OM !!
 This book is quite unique among Pratchett 's works . It is not really part of any sub-series , although it might help the reader understand the mind of Constable Visit , Mightily Oats , and other future Omnians better in later books.This book obvious parodies organized religion , in particular religion that is so entrenched that its practitioners have forgotten the spirit of their laws . We saw this in Pratchett 's 7th book `` Pyramids '' with the high priest Dios . But this book is much , much better . Vorbis is certainly a match for Dios , maybe even more so ' he reminds me a little of a religios `` Patrician . '' Who would want to cross him ? Brutha is a great character , not so much likeable as interesting
 If you have n't read Terry Pratchett before , prepare yourself for some great laughs , inventive plot , and sharp satire . Pratchett 's facility with satire within such an overfed genre -LRB- fantasy -RRB- is always a breath of fresh air.Small Gods starts in Omnia , a country organized around a fundamentalist religion . Novice Brutha -LRB- our hero -RRB- is a simple , honest novice at the Temple who discovers that the voice that is speaking to him is coming from a tortoise claiming to be his god - Om . The tortoise explains that he 's got some head-cracking to do , and he needs help . Why ? Because he 's a tortoise ! Brutha gets set on a path walking between belief in his God and skepticism , while the evil Quisitor Vorbis tries to foment a holy war between Omnia and neighboring Ephebe . As the plot moves forward Brutha has to decide whether to do what he 's been told or what he feels is right , even if the directions come from a tortoise.Initially , I thought that Small Gods was a too obvious with the `` question religion '' type message , but I got over that because of some great writing by Pratchett
 `` Small Gods '' is funny , thought-provoking and very rereadable . It 's my favorite of the Terry Pratchett books I 've read so far . Fundamentalists wo n't like it , but anyone who is at all open-minded will enjoy this intelligent , satirical fantasy .
 Welcome to heaven -LRB- or the Hub as the case may be -RRB- . In a world where the title for the most intelligent man alive is contested by a man who spends eons processing a single thought and one who can only describe a war as many people hitting Pacha Moj 's uncle over the head with a big rock , the outlook is a promising one . When Brutha , the only person who truely believes in a God who happens to be currently a tortoise , is called upon to save this Om the Great One 's existence , how could he refuse ? He covers up his ears and sings mindlessly that 's how . Welcome to the Discworld at its very best .
 Althrough this book is as funny as a meat pie floater in your mouth , Small Gods is one of the best Pratchett book EVER ! It 's insight to life and the way Pratchett presented it made it better reading then even some academic books I 've seen . It 's a novel that you could actually learn something from and I urge even those who did n't like Pratchett to buy this book and raed it . You wo n't waste any dough on this one !
 Small Gods was my first foray into Discworld . Terry Pratchet writes with the charm and humor of Douglas Adams and the wonder of Tolkien . He uses his world to take a look at our own never losing sight of the humor . In this way he critices in a manner that wo n't offend anybody , while making his targets clear .
 One of the funniest books I 've ever read . However if you are going to start reading Discworld books do n't pick this one as your first as I did as you will only become confused . Either way you will laugh 'till you fear for your life when you read it !
 Look at the stars . Shell out the dough . Om . Profoundly funny . A must-read-with-a-large-cold-drink and something-yummy-to-eat !
 still well worth reading , whether you are looking for something light to take the edge off a long day at work or something a little heavier to pose a few interesting questions . Small Gods is the only Discworld novel I 've read , so I ca n't compare it to the rest of Pratchett 's work , but it grabbed my attention and held it . It 's a many-layered book , but Pratchett does n't force the reader to go any deeper than they feel like . Knowing Latin is an asset in reading -LRB- he can come out and say more adult things which he leaves implied in English . -RRB- Also , this book does n't have either a `` British '' or an `` American '' feel , which so much fantasy falls into . Overall , excellent .
 This is definately one of the greatest and one of my favorites of the Discworld series . I 've never seen anything that deals with religion be this hilarious . Anyone with an open mind is sure to be infected by the laughter . Read it !!
 My sister read this book aloud to me on a road trip from Seattle to California . It is a work of multilayered artistry to be appreciated from the spiritual to the fantastic . It 's also fun and unlike most of Pratchett 's books you actually care about most of the characters . Reads well out loud as well . Like many readers here , I see it as the author 's pinnacle , the book that he will be remembered for . Here 's to immortality , Mr. Pratchett !
 This is the kind of book that makes you give up on tryingto be a writer . It 's that good.A particularly stupid and clumsy boy starts hearinga voice inside his head , which claims to be that ofhis god . He explains that he has lost his powers becausenobody believes in him any more ; they 're too busy goingto the temples and organizing religious cerimonies toreally BELIEVE . So the best he can manage is turn up asa small , one-eyed tortoise that everybody keeps tryingto eat.After convincing the boy that what he says is true , thegod sets out to win his worshippers back . And also tofind some lettuce.This is definitely the best book I 've ever read andprobably one of the best books ever written . If you canimagine a book that is at the same time deep , extremelywell constructed and tremendously funny ... then youhave a better imagination than I do . If you ca n't , thegood news is you do n't need to
 I confess up front to being a fan of Pratchett in general and the Discworld books especially , and this book is the one that got me started.I have read all of the Discworld novels at least twice and still think this is the best of an excellent series . Pratchett 's real strength as a writer , much like fellow Brit Douglas Adams , is his ability to compose tales that can be thoroughly enjoyed as humerous escapist fiction or be contemplated and plumbed for their underlying depth . This book excels on both levels.Pratchett assumes his audience is intelligent with a broad knowledge base and thus does n't feel compelled to explain every joke and reference , which I greatly appreciate . So many authors seem to dumb down their works and rob them of subtlety and nuance , it is refreshing to encounter one who respects his readers.An example of what I 'm talkingh about is the philosopher Didactylos . Pratchett never feels compelled to explain the joke in `` Two fingers '' name and leaves this wonderful pun buried for those who can see it.Pratchett and I have some very different ideas when it comes to theology . I find the `` Tinkerbelle theory of gods ' existence '' -LRB- if you do n't believe in them they disappear -RRB- nearly as offensive as monotheism , but that does n't stop me from thoroughly enjoying this intelligent , wise and utterly hillarious novel .
 I absolutley loved this book . The beginning was confusing but the book quickly gained momentum . Never having read any of the Discworld books did not hinder my enjoyment of this book in the least . In fact , it is not necessary to have read the other books in the series to enjoy this one . This book was entertaining , fun , and the ending was just ... . Well , I do n't want to give it away . Read it and decide for yourself . I loved this book so much I bought it for my two younger sisters . Now , that is a pretty good book !
 In my humble opinion , Small Gods is one of the best in the discworld series , right up there with Hogfather and Interesting Times . The great thing about Pratchett 's books is that they have so many dimensions . This one is no exception . It made me think and it made me laugh .
 Terry Pratchett is an awesome writer and `` Small Gods '' is a fantastic book . Pratchett has singlehandedly created his own genre and has garnered himself a huge following -- and it 's easy to see why . `` Small Gods '' has to be one of the wittiest books ever written , with incredibly sharp one-liners , in-jokes and pratfalls . Great names and clever words hide subtle parodies and satire , which are a bonus as the plot is entertaining enough on its own.I tried to read this book in contracts class when it first came out and kept on getting busted for laughing out loud , no matter how much I tried to hide it . The only other author able to do this for me is PJ O'Rourke . If you read it on public transport , people will look at you and think you 're kinda strange , unless they too know who Pratchett is , in which case they will envy you reading and try to catch furtive glimpses of the text over your shoulder.This is one of my favourite books of all time -- read it and love it too . If I could award it 6 stars , I would .
 Every tome of the prodigious Discworlf series is filled end-to-end with Pratchett 's sideslitting humour . Most of the books also feature satirical pokes and jabs at various aspects of our modern society , but what makes `` Small Gods '' his best work is the cohesive nature of its criticism . The satire of `` Small Gods '' very thoughtfully critizes the religious establishment , and in a holistic way that Pratchett has yet to recreate . Far and away the best discworld book , and one that stands on its own two feet , having no more than superficial reference to other books in the series .
 Small Gods is n't War and Peace , but it is one of the most memorable books I 've ever read . To call it a classic is an understatement . It is one of the few books that could be called an owner 's manual to life .
 A really fun book , well worth your time if you like Pratchett . None of our old pals -LSB- Rincewind , Gaspode , Vimes , Susan -RSB- put in an appearence -LSB- other than the guy WHO TALKS LIKE THIS and an old monk with a broom , and they but briefly -RSB- , but it does add some info to the overall Discworld mythology , and provides some laughs as well .
 I 've read all the Discworld books . This is something I take great pride in . I have almost all of them on my bookshelf . The ones I do n't have , I 'll be getting soon.Much as I like , enjoy and frequently read the other books in the series , this is the one that remains with me the most.I am an atheist . I do n't `` grok '' religion , as the kids today say -LRB- or possibly not -RRB- . I think it 's fine for other people , more or less , but like drugs , alcohol and voting Republican , it 's not something I choose to have any involvement in.That said , I do recognize that religion , for whatever reason , plays a great role in the lives of others , so it is , therefore , something worth learning about and understanding.This book is what you get when Terry Pratchett explores religion directly . He touches upon it in other books -LRB- notablyThud ! , The Fifth ElephantandFeet of Clay -RRB- , but he tackles it head-on in this book . `` Small Gods '' is in many ways a very different Discworld novel . It does n't take palce within the main time-period the other books occupy . It does n't take place in Ankh-Morpork or Lancre . None of the previously established characters , aside from Death , appear in the book -LRB- though Dibbler sort-of does , and the book establishes the History Monks and Lu-Tze -RRB- . Really this book , more than any of the others , stands on its own.The plot of the book is basic . Boy finds god . God turns out to be a tortise . Hilarity ensues . But the book also explores in great detail the inner-workings of faith and religion -LRB- two very different things -RRB- , the consequences of what happens when zealots out for their own agrandizement rather than that of god take over a faith -LRB- Pat Robertson , I 'm looking at you ! Benedict 16 , too ! Where 's the Biblical basis for a Pope , I ask ? -RRB- , and importantly explores what happens when the structres of religion and the church become more important than the god -LRB- s -RRB- . This is an excellent book . Highly recommended for people who enjoy Discworld , those who have never read it -LRB- great starter book -RRB- , and those who like philosophy . It 's a perfect book for the faithless and the faithful , for atheist and Anglican -LRB- and Eastern Orthodox , Hindu , Zoroastrian and Mormon . I know there 's more than Anglican , but , well , the `` a-to-a '' thing scanned well . Besides , I do n't think this is a good book for Scientologists . I doubt L Ron Hubbard would 've appreciated a better author horning in -RRB- . Do n't go any further along the road of life until you 've read this book .
 In which the hidden power of little old men with brooms is revealed , the true nature of gods is illuminated for the properly grounded , and the dangers of natural science illustrated.Small Gods is the opening of the truly great period of the Discworld . Brutha , a friendly , but not too bright novice is chosen to hear the word of the Great God Om . Om , however , is not on form , and Brutha is not the chosen one Om would have chosen . Eventually , this takes Brutha 's country to the brink of war.A fellow smarter than me once observed that true evil always has two traits ; the inability to ackowledge their mistakes , and a lack of a sense of humor . When someone will not acknowledge their own mistakes , and can not laugh , especially at themselves , there is no hope for them . Terry Pratchett holds up a mirror to real world orthodox religions and religious leaders , and these traits come shining through in the reflection.In short , I loved the book . A nonstop stream of pithy observations on human nature and all aspects of religion , combined with brilliant subtle jokes and puns.Oh yes , and of course , appearances by Death .
 -- sooner or later.Pratchett has done the unthinkable - kept a series -LRB- and a humor series at that -RRB- alive and fresh well into its second dozen . This book started that second dozen.It 's about Brutha , a minor novitiate even among novitiates who are all minor . He 's doing what he does best , hoeing the beans , when his god arises before him in physical manifestation : A turtle . Slow . Partial to lettuce . Not fond of being turned over or dropped . Not much for conversation when it gets cold out . And , as near as Om can tell , the god of Brutha only . No one else seems to be paying much attention when the god calls down plagues , or at least some really nasty rashes.In Prathcett 's hands , this small start yields a very worthy bit of amusement . No , there 's really no point to what Pratchett writes -LRB- well , that 's what he wants you to think -RRB- . Brutha crosses his world , overturns empires as easily as he overturns weeds in the bean-patch , and dies happy . Everyone dies , and Brutha has seen lots of the other ways - this really is a happy ending.For all of its shallow jests , this book has rewards for the serious reader . Brutha wins in the end by be slow , thick , and mind-bogglingly even-handed . Om finally comes out of his shell and really makes his entry , even among the more exclusive clubs of the gods . Everyone gets what they deserve in the end , no matter what you thought they deserved . By the way
 Disclosure
 Small Gods was perhaps the best book Terry Pratchett has ever written . It was a bit more serious than most of his other books , which was partly why I liked it . The book was refreshing to read , simply because I had never read anything with so much to say that managed to say is so clearly , while still maintaining a light-hearted attitude.One thing I enjoyed about Small Gods was that it kept my attention the whole way through . The plot was fantastic with many interesting little twists and turns that made me want to keep reading . It was basically about a god who gets reincarnated as a turtle . He figures out that his believers beleive in his church because they are afraid of it , but nothim . It was very well-written and told the story flawlessly . Quite aside from that , it had me falling out of my chair from laughing on several occasions . Needless to say , I enjoyed it.The book also had great characters . It was easy to relate to them because they acted like regular people , but without becoming stereotype nonentities who just lead their boring lives . There were all different types of personalities with all their different opinions and emotions , but the narration stayed neutral the whole time . One thing that 's important in any story is a good villain and this one had it . His name is Vorbis and he 's the head of what I assume is the Discworld parallel of the Inquisition . I hated him throughout the whole book . He was a cynic and a sadist , but Pratchett does us the enormous service of never dehumanizing him the whole time . He had motives for what he did , even though they were twisted , and at the end we pity him more than hate him.It was n't just fluff . It 's very easy to classify all books with humor in them as fluff , but you ca n't do that with this one . It had an idea behind it throughout the whole book and even somewhat of a moral . This was that people should never ever be treated as things . Pratchett applies this to every character and not just the villain . One thing that I appreciated was the fact that Pratchett maintained a clear head throughout the whole thing . He tried to be inoffensive , but not too hard . There is a fine line between inoffensive and politically correct , and Pratchett did n't cross it . Overall , I thought it was because it made me think.In conclusion , I give Small Gods two thumbs up and five stars because it deserved it . I felt better for reading it and highly recommend it to everyone who has n't .
 Brutha is an unlikely choice when a Great God is choosing a prophet ... but a battered tortoise is an unlikely form for a god to be stuck in . Brutha , a novice at the temple of the Great God Om , goes on a journey -LRB- both metaphorical and literal -RRB- . He is chosen by Vorbis -LRB- who is not EXACTLY evil -RRB- , for his most unusual talent , to travel to the ` evil ' city of Ephebes inhabited by ` polytheistic heathens ' . He meets , among other characters , strange men who devote their lives to not being sure about anything
 There are billions of gods in the world ; they swarm as thick as flies . Most of them are too small to see & never get worshipped , at least by anything bigger than bacteria . Consider the tortoise & the eagle . The former , a ground-hugging creature with limited , immediate horizons & the latter , while living in high places , sits for hours surveying all until it spies the wobbling tortoise . If you 've not dabbled in a Terry Pratchett yet , you are in for a treat . If you like your world turned topsy-turvy just to see what shakes out of your pockets of thoughts , get thee to this Terry Pratchett & chuckle . Ripping good stuff & utterly irreverent ! END
 This has to be the BEST Discworld novel yet . Terry Pratchett 's outstanding efforts to make fun of religion has come through for him.Brutha , a Novice in Ominiasm , is the Chosen One , picked by his Great God Om-holy horns-after three years as a tortoise . With this simple beginning , the best Pratchett novel comes forth . Following this is a trip to Ephebe , where a blind philospher has just written Der Chelonian Mobile , or The Turtle Moves . You 'll have to read it to see exactly how it all works out.But remember
 You do n't normally describe a book as beautiful , but this is one that deserves it . Some people say that this is darker than most of Terry Pratchett 's other books , but stop and consider why this is so ... because it 's about humans and their religions ? Is n't that interesting?On the one hand , extremely and disturbingly profound . And on the other hand , also extremely , and hilariously funny . What more can one ask for ? Oh , memorable characters -LRB- one almost hates to use the word , some of the people are so REAL -RRB- , a lot of extremely good quotes and one-liners -LRB- Terry just has a great way phrasing things -RRB- , and a story-line that you will want to read over and over again -LRB- so buy the book already ! You 'll be getting a bargain , considering the usage and mileage you will get out of this book -RRB- . `` Time is a drug . Too much of it kills you . '' `` And it all meant this
 You know , I read this ine , and I did like it - a lot - but it did n't crack me up like _ Lords and Ladies _ . This really is a funny book , as humorous fiction goes , but against my Pratchett standards , it does n't quite measure u
 My cousin has read one book.She was so pleased with it that she made her own philosophy about reading
 I 've read quite a few of the Pratchett books , mostly at the insistence of my 13 year old son who loves these novels . This ranks right up there among my favorites , and is intriguing for the allusions to so many of the world 's religions . The author is clearly well read , and catching these little references produced many aha ! moments , I confess that I even lugged home a compendium on world religion to dig out the paralells and little obscure references - and there is alot more to this book than meets the eye . Well , but in the end , I find myself in complete sympathy with the conclusion , and thus a truly satisfying narrative from start to finish . I should add that this approach to reading this book drove my son absolutely crazy , and in fact taken only at face value , no references or allusions the book is still a great read .
 As an adoring Pratchett fan , I 'd like to say that this book is one of the best books in the Discworld series . Highly recommended for other fanatics ... and also a great first Discworld x-perience .
 screw the bible , this is better . In his best work , pratchett 's humour is second only to his wisdom , and this is so far the best of his work that i have read . i 've probably read this book ten times now and i still find things that i 'd missed before . this book is funny no doubt , but there is some real hard thought buried between the laughs , and the symbolism is just brilliant.probably my favorite part of the book is the ` sacrifice ' scene , at the end-this book takes heroism to whole new heights . and you 've got to admire a tale where God learns to be a better person . further , the opening parable of the eagle and the tortoise is , well just read the book already , it could very well help you find god .
 It must be one of his best and I believe this is due to the fact that it was not completley a farce . During the middle of the book his tone became more serious and touched on some real issues . But after all this hilarious book was Pratchett at his best . And like all of his books Small Gods was above the average set by the rest of his work . -LRB- no I 'm not an idiot and that was a meager attempt at a joke . -RRB-
 Pratchett writes to a formula , and whatever else can be said about it , it 's obviously a very successful one . He takes a basic unifying theme for a book , throws in a liberal mixture of other ideas and literary devices , stuffs them all into the sausage-machine , round goes the handle and out comes the usual product . He does it very skilfully . There is plenty of variety in the situations , he knows how to catch the reader 's attention at the start , he can introduce new characters into the narrative at any point in a very natural way , and he is particularly adept at finding a clever and convincing ending . He writes largely for a public who know his previous work and who know what to expect , and he obviously knows how to keep them pleased and how not to upset them with surprises of an unfamiliar kind . There 's nothing wrong with any of this . Much the same could be said about Agatha Christie , or about Chandler or about Wodehouse . What surprises me in some of the press comment that I 've seen is what Pratchett 's formula seems to amount to in the minds of some readers . The New York Times , for instance , credits him with ` a multifarious genius for strong parody ' , which I can go along with . On the other had it also finds that his ` wit is metaphysical ' ; and The Times of London itself manages to compare him to Swift and detect that he can ` hold up a distorting mirror to our own -LSB- world -RSB- ' . This kind of thing seems to me to go miles over the top.When Swift attacked religious and secular orthodoxies he was playing for much higher stakes and taking far bigger risks . When Swift said -LRB- I quote from memory -RRB- ` There are those who would die for no-Popery and know not if it be Man or Horse ' the wit is as caustic as sulphuric acid . Can anyone seriously put Pratchett in the same bracket ? Pratchett can turn out some nice lines certainly , like the soldier 's statement that ` For centuries we died for lies . Now we 've got a truth to die for . ' All the same , unquestioning religious belief is easy meat these days for the sceptics and satirists , to say nothing of the steady bombardment from the heavyweight philosophers . Pratchett 's trick is to keep the tone light and to take so many incidental swipes at so many incidental targets that the reader never feels ` got at ' . To have a philosopher called Aristocrates who wrote a volume of ` Platitudes ' is nice lightweight satire , and very typical of the general style . To say ` People allowed to be by themselves overmuch might indulge in solitary cogitation . It was well known that this stunted your growth . For one thing it could lead to your feet being chopped off . ' is good average nudge-nudge humour . ` Where there is punishment there is always a crime ' is definitely a bon mot but not exceptional , and ` It was a beard you could camp out in ' suggests imitation of Chandler to me . There are any number of whimsical digressions , and some very run-of-the-mill naughty little verbal innuendoes like ` I will write you more balls than you can imagine ... ' . It 's all a matter of what we 're prepared to laugh at , and as far as I 'm concerned We Are Just About Amused but not much more.Pratchett 's great strength seems to be that he can keep it all going in book after book after book . I have now read three of them , and I sense that as far as I 'm concerned that 's It . If three is sufficient of a selection , then I would guess that in the others he can keep his standard relatively high without cheapening himself , and that recurrent characters like Death who always talks in CAPITALS and who says ` SQUEAK ' to rats will be welcomed by his faithful each time . In general faith is not my own strong point , and I have n't succumbed to the Pratchett faith either . Those who like this sort of thing will find this the sort of thing they like . They are clearly numerous , and they are not likely to be disappointed by Small Gods . I like it up to a point myself.What does this reaction prove ? I suppose it only proves that the formula does n't greatly work for everyone , and we would all have known that in the first place .
 I love this book ! It plays , quite successfully , with Douglas Adams 's idea/question of what happens to gods when people stop believing in them ? If you like this book you will also enjoy `` The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul '' by Douglas Adams and `` American Gods '' by Pratchett 's friend Neil Gaimen -LRB- though this one is darker and gritty - exploring some of the less flattering parts of America -RRB- . `` Good Omens '' by Pratchett and Gaimen is a comedy about the end of the world . If you like the first three books I listed here you will like that one too .
 I have to say this
 I read quite a lot of Terry Pratchett and I can tell a good book when I see one , but this one is FANTASTIC !
 Even though I am an atheist/agnostic I still appreciated this book for what it was ... funny . I particulary liked the philosophers . But the greatest character had to be Om .
 `` Small Gods '' is my personal favorite . In this book , Pratchett takes a old concept of godhood -LRB- a god 's existance is dependant on belief -RRB- and adds his own twist . Even the most skeptical reader will enjoy this laugh-fest . `` Small Gods '' shares the creative ingenious of `` Mort '' and `` Good Omens '' . It is fast , sharp , and perfectly crafted .
 I like this book lots and lots and lots . A really engrossing mix of humour , wit , and good writing . Its not just for teenagers and should buy it right now
 Whoever read the first page of the book and like the stile of the exposition there must buy the book.There is nothing greater under the sun and on the Disk as well then that . -LRB- I can fill that my Gods are suffering because , I 'm begining to belive in the book instead of them -RRB- But what can I do - it 's stronger then me.What can I say -LRB- take a look on my e-mail address -RRB- It says it all .
 10 years ago , a friend gave me my first pratchett book . It was so intricate that I had to read it twice . Since then I have collected most of his works and I would have to say that Small Gods is his absolute best , mixing humor with history and imagination to conjur the most delightful , insightful potion .
 This book is remarkable . It works on several levels , for both the light and literary reader . It can be re-read any number of times , and never seem to lose its relevance . Every time you read it you find something new and more amazing about it . I would fill up this space with praise , but little I say could pass on to you my love for this book . Read it , enjoy it , and then lend it to friends .
 Like all other Pratchett novels , this one is extremely witty , sarcastic , and equally intelligent . Let 's start a new religion - we 'll call it `` Pratchettism ''
 Since I am a literature student I am a reads-everything-I-can-get person . Having once recognized Pratchetts works , I left all my classic German literature aside and started reading and reading and reading ... . But this book , `` Small Gods '' , has beaten everything I 've read before -LRB- even my all-time favorite `` Faust '' - you know
 This is hands down my absolute favorite Terry Pratchett book . Very well written and enjoyable from front to back . Great author .
 It is just as entertaining and well written as all the other Discworld Novels . The basic philosophy about the nature of religion is brilliant ; it is much more credible and closer to reality than the official dogmas of most of the existing religions . Actually , it is quite close to Nordic paganism -LRB- as practiced in Iceland -RRB- , traditional Shinto -LRB- not the official version practiced by the Japanese state -RRB- and religious Taoism .
 Small Gods was my first Terry Pratchett book and it is still one of my favorite . Although it takes a swing at the Catholic Church , it really applies to all organized religion . It is full of humor and wit , but still gets the message across that if you are going to have faith , then have faith . This book definitely has made me wonder just exactly how &#34; big &#34; God may be .
 He does it again , Just when you thought there is no other thing to take the mickey out of , here comes small gods , one of the funniest Discworld Novels and a firm favourite of mine . The take on aspects of religion are so subtle , yet profound and the mixture of characters complement it pefectly.Because most characters are new , one can start reading Discworld by reading this book ins tead of some of the eariest ones .
 Small Gods is part of Terry Pratchett 's Discworld series . It brilliantly skewers religion and religious hypocrisy , killing and torturing in the name of your God , and prophets . A great read .
 I 've been trying to distill my reviews to seventeen syllables . Here 's an attempt.A tortoise falls fromthe sky . Brutha must showthe heretics Truth .
 This is the thirteenth book in Terry Pratchett 's series on the Discworld -- a flat world , supported on the back of four massive elephants riding on the back of a planet-sized turtle , anything hilarious can happen here , and eventually does.Brutha is a novice in the temple of Om , and he thought that things were very settled . And then one day he actually heard the voice of Om . -LRB- `` Psst ! '' -RRB- It seems that true belief in Om has been declining for years , and as such his power has waned until he found himself trapped in the likeness of a tortoise ! But this revelation is going to turn the entire church of Om upside-down ... starting with Brutha.Overall , I found this to be an interesting book . As with so many of Terry Pratchett 's book , this one is both entertaining and quite thought provoking . As an added bonus , this book marks the first appearance of the interesting History Monks !
 So , I was reccomed this book by a manager when he saw my turtle tattoo on my leg and the various turtle nicknacks I had in m cubicle . -LRB- Complete wit the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -RRB- . He was going to let me borrow it , but my fiance decided to buy it for me.I loved it so much that I read it twice . I then lost track of it when we had to move in with my fiance 's parents . My Father-In-Law has a bad habit of storng books in our leaky barn/work garage.I happily discovered it in my fiance 's grinning possesion a few months ago and promptly reread it . I 'm not much of a fan of Pratchett 's other books . But this one I adore . And not just becase I enjoy Turtles .
 In Discworld , the power of the Gods is related to the number of people who believe in them and the strength of their belief . The Church of the Great God Om has tremendous power , controlling a Theocracy and building an empire by conquering neighboring states and crushing their native religions . So when Om returns to choose a new Prophet , his appearance as a tortoise does n't match anyone 's expectations . Further , it appears that only a single lowly novice , Brutha , is able to hear the voice of the God . Brutha must figure out how to fulfill his role as Prophet , while , at the same time , not run afoul of the powerful Quisition , which enforces orthodoxy within the Church.This is a powerful satire about the distinctions between religion and faith . Pratchett clearly shows how as a Church grows , it can easily lose its way . The foundational beliefs and faith , become obscured by ritual and rules . This should be a cautionary tale for anyone who focuses on doctrine instead of belief .
 In Small Gods , the thirteenth novel of the Discworld , Terry Pratchett gets philosophical , religious , and existential on us , delivering a remarkably insightful look at man and his relationship -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- with the gods . There are gods everywhere on the Discworld - you ca n't swing a simian librarian without hitting one - except , of course , only a few people can see them . Each small god lies in wait , desperately seeking to make someone believe in him ; on the Discworld , gods need people more than people need gods , for belief is the food of the gods.The story takes us far away from the environs of Ankh-Morpork to Omnia , a land on the Klatchian coast ruled by the priesthood of the Church of Om . It 's an arid , harsh world where the Quisition works tirelessly to beat the sin out of individuals deemed to be suspicious -LRB- and almost no one is safe , for the priests regard the very existence of suspicion as proof of guilt -RRB- . You would think that the Great God Om would bask in the glory and power of all that faith being demanded of the people , but ritual has replaced substance in Omnia ; the people may worship Om , but they do n't really believe in him anymore . For the past three years , the Great God Om has been stuck in the body of a one-eyed tortoise and has only now been able to find one man with the true flame of faith burning inside him . Unfortunately for Om , that one believer is Brutha , a novitiate in the Church whom , all would agree , is just a little bit slow on the uptake and is just about the last person Om would have chosen to become his new Prophet . Brutha does have a perfect memory , but all that memory crammed into his mind leaves little room left over for actual thought . In a way he fits right in , though , as the Church does all it can to discourage individual thought , because that kind of thing just leads to trouble.Naturally , Brutha has a hard time accepting a tortoise as the Great God Om , and Om does n't have the power to do anything but curl ineffectual oaths and curses at things that bother him . Om is actually a pretty surly little god , but spending three years as a tortoise , having to worry about falcons swooping down on you and then dropping you from a great height , tends to bring out the worst in gods . Brutha is increasingly disturbed to learn that Om never really gave his followers any instruction whatsoever ; all of the holy books he knows by heart suddenly come into question , and that 's hard on a true believer.As the novel progresses , Brutha finds himself accompanying Deacon Vorbis , head of the Quisition , to the land of Ephebe where philosophers cover the landscape like locusts , argue violently among themselves , and generally live in barrels . One such philosopher is Didactylos , whose philosophy can basically be boiled down to the words `` It 's a funny old world . '' He now becomes the unifying part of an underground movement that insists , despite the tenets of the Church , that `` the Turtle moves , '' that turtle being , of course , the Great A'Tuin . As so often happens , religious dispute breeds war , and the future of Omnia - not to mention the future of the Great God Om - lies in the palms of Brutha . There is only one thing you can be sure of in such a precarious situation
 I 've read nearly all of the Disc World series and have thoroughly enjoyed most of the ones I 've read . SMALL GODS holds a special place in my heart . The characters are engaging . Om as a little turtle won me over completely . Brutha , the naive is one I could relate to . What a villian Vorbis ! Pratchett is at his best with his usual terrific humor , but in addion -- and upon rereading I keep discovering this -- there is much much more to this story . It invites us to think and to question . If you only want to read one Terry Pratchett story I recommend SMALL GODS .
 Even though Small Gods does n't fit particularly well into the chronology of the Discworld books , nor are any of its main characters used in any of the other books , I feel it is the finest in the series . I began reading this series in the early 80 's , when Colour of Magic was available as a Science Fiction book club purchase . Since then , I have eagerly awaited each new book in the series , and have loved them all . Small Gods biggest strength is that it makes you look inside yourself . I understand that personal philosphy and religion are often difficult issues to talk about , and Small Gods is probably uncomfortable to some people as it makes them question their own philosphies and/or religion . I find that is what makes the book the most important in the series to read as `` the unexamined life is not worth living '' . Throughout the book there are many issues raised that make you consider your own feelings , and I think that is what makes this the most valuable of the series to read . Without this book all the other Discworld books are still excellent , but this is the only one that makes you question what life is really all about . And that makes it more valuable than the rest in the series , as they are mostly just entertainment -LRB- although an absolutely excellent entertainment value , including the 2 DVDs that were released of Wyrd Sisters and Soul Music -RRB- .
 Small Gods was perhaps the best book Terry Pratchett has ever written . It was a bit more serious than most of his other books , which was partly why I liked it . The book was refreshing to read , simply because I had never read anything with so much to say that managed to say is so clearly , while still maintaining a light-hearted attitude.One thing I enjoyed about Small Gods was that it kept my attention the whole way through . The plot was fantastic with many interesting little twists and turns that made me want to keep reading . It was basically about a god who gets reincarnated as a turtle . He figures out that his believers beleive in his church because they are afraid of it , but nothim . It was very well-written and told the story flawlessly . Quite aside from that , it had me falling out of my chair from laughing on several occasions . Needless to say , I enjoyed it.The book also had great characters . It was easy to relate to them because they acted like regular people , but without becoming stereotype nonentities who just lead their boring lives . There were all different types of personalities with all their different opinions and emotions , but the narration stayed neutral the whole time . One thing that 's important in any story is a good villain and this one had it . His name is Vorbis and he 's the head of what I assume is the Discworld parallel of the Inquisition . I hated him throughout the whole book . He was a cynic and a sadist , but Pratchett does us the enormous service of never dehumanizing him the whole time . He had motives for what he did , even though they were twisted , and at the end we pity him more than hate him.It was n't just fluff . It 's very easy to classify all books with humor in them as fluff , but you ca n't do that with this one . It had an idea behind it throughout the whole book and even somewhat of a moral . This was that people should never ever be treated as things . Pratchett applies this to every character and not just the villain . One thing that I appreciated was the fact that Pratchett maintained a clear head throughout the whole thing . He tried to be inoffensive , but not too hard . There is a fine line between inoffensive and politically correct , and Pratchett did n't cross it . Overall , I thought it was because it made me think.In conclusion , I give Small Gods two thumbs up and five stars because it deserved it . I felt better for reading it and highly recommend it to everyone who has n't .
 Small Gods is yet another great book by Terry Pratchett.Once again we are taken to meet a new set of character onDiskworld , a world that hurtles through space on the back ofa giant turtle . Small Gods pokes fun at the buracracy ofthe religion , and points out what this religious stuff is allabout . The characters are well done , and memorable . Thelaughs keep going . A great read all in all .
 People look at me funny when I compare Pratchett to Jonothan Swift or Kurt Vonnegut , but I hold my ground and I point to this book as his satirical masterwork . While Moving Pictures was his first attemt on dedicating a book to satirizing something about our society , Small Gods is his best and led to such stand out satires like Interesting Times , Jingo , Men at Arms , and Hogfather . This book more than the others , I feel , tries to say something serious about its subject matter , that being religion , faith and God . Reading this book influenced the way I look at religion today . Many of my peers -LRB- I 'm 19 -RRB- who wish to be rebellious like to make fun of people who believe in god , criticize the Bible because it contradicts itself , and point to violence caused because of religious differences as the reason why faith and belief in religion is a bad thing . What Pratchett says in this book is that faith is what you make of it , orthodox thinking is a stranglehold on belief , and that evil men use religion for evil purposes , not the other way around . It is a very lighthearted book with serious undertones , and I can hardly see how anyone could be offended by it , unless they have a stick up their rears about their particular religion and how it is the one true faith .
 `` Small Gods '' is a book set in the Discworld universe . It is a stand-alone book and not part of any other series -LRB- i.e. the City Watch , Death , Wyrd Sisters -RRB- . It 's also a very good book , though it 's nowhere near my favourite . The back cover calls it a great comedy , but I did n't find it all that funny . It was good , makes very insightful comments on religion and how it is set up . There are some great moments in the book as well . Most of these consist of indirect comments on our world that just pop up and hit you in the face with their accuracy . But again , it 's not that funny.It is set in the land of Omnia , a heavily religious land , or at least it seems to the outside . They are very intolerant of other religions , going so far as to torture heretics for their beliefs . In reality , though , there is no real belief there . It has become a power structure instead of a true religion . Om , the god that they worship , has come to visit . Unfortunately , while he intended to come down as something noble -LRB- like a swan -RRB- , he appeared as a tortoise . To make things worse , he traveled the Disc for three years without realizing he was Om . This happened because nobody truly believes in him any more , and gods derive their power from belief.There is one person who does believe in him very deeply , though , and that 's Brutha . Because of this , Om has to use him to try and get his followers back . Brutha is a very simple man ; he ca n't read and write , and he enjoys puttering around in the temple garden . He 's a very unlikely choice for a chosen one . Unfortunately , he 's the only choice Om has . One thing Brutha does have is a fantastic memory . He can remember everything he sees , even if he does n't know what it means . This ability very often comes in handy , whether it has to do with the library or getting out of a maze . Om finds that a simple man is n't always the most easily controlled , though.The story is a very interesting comment on religious practices . It covers everything from organized religion to the creationism/evolution debate . The people of Omnia do n't believe that the world is flat , on the backs of four elephants that are standing on a Great Turtle . No religion is singled out for ridicule , though , as most of the comments are made about religious structure in general . The belief that a god 's power is based on how many people believe in him is very interesting . Neil Gaiman uses the same idea in his American Gods book.The characters are all well done . Brutha is an unlikely prophet , but as events happen to him and he grows into the role -LRB- no matter how reluctantly -RRB- , you believe the transition . Vorbis , the exquisitor -LRB- as opposed to the inquisitor -RRB- , is suitably sadistic . He 's the one main character that you could say is slightly two dimensional because you do n't know why he is what he is . He 's not as devout as he seems , and he does enjoy his work , but that 's pretty much all we know.Om is a great character , though . He 's suitably sarcastic . He uses Brutha for his own ends . He tries to keep Brutha in the dark about how the belief system works , and why he has appeared to Brutha . He 's arrogant -LRB- shown especially when he visits the other gods -RRB- . He also has many of the best lines.The main problem with this book , though , is that the comedy just does n't seem to be there . Sure , after reading the annotations , some of the bits seem funnier . Maybe I just was n't getting the jokes as much . Some of the exchanges between Brutha and Om are priceless . The philosophers of Ephebe make their return from Pyramids , and they are hilarious . I always enjoy them . But there 's not enough of it . Perhaps this one just went over my head . One of the things that is really missing is the funny footnotes . In the previous books I 've read , there are footnotes on almost every third or fourth page . They were great ! However , this one only has a few of them . I would call this book more `` amusing '' then `` funny . `` Still , the book is well worth reading , and I would suggest you pick it up for the philosophical insights and the writing . There are some funny moments as well , just not as many . And if you already like Pratchett , this is certainly a good one to continue with .
 The Great God Om is in the midst of a crisis . Intending to appear as a grand and spectacular animal , he instead finds himself in the form of a tortoise . The only one he can find to listen to him is the simple novice monk Brutha . The man is considered a bit dim and useless by most , but he has a memory like a steel trap , as well as something even more spectacular -- a true faithful belief in the Great God Om.At first Om is disdainful of his follower . Soon , though , he becomes terrified . He knows the fate of gods who lose all of their true believers , and it appears Brutha is the only man he can count on to help him . As Brutha explains all of the religious rules that have been declared in Om 's name , the god becomes more and more distressed.When the man who sentences people to torture and death in Brutha 's community appears to be gathering power and preparing to make a move , it becomes clear that something must be done.What is less clear is what a minor unrespected monk and a tortoise will be able to do.This book was very amusing . I liked the characterization of the gods , the way their power changed , and their lack of knowledge about the things happening in their names . Brutha was a charming character , a perfect hero for a story about a world a bit out of control .
 Possibly the finest book of theology I have ever read . Ultimately destined to be one of the Great Holy Books IMHO .
 Small Gods by Terry PratchettVictor Gollancz Ltd , 1992272 pagesDiscworld ; Fantasy4/5 starsSource
 The first twelve Discworld books were adolescent affairs , obsessed with corny jokes , screwball plots , and bumbling but lovable characters . Enjoyable treats all , but in retrospect less substantial than they could have been . `` Small Gods '' , to me , is Terry Pratchett 's first ` adult ' book . The corny jokes , screwball plots , and bumbling but lovable characters are still here , but only to service a narrative soaked in significant themes and obsessed with our place in the multiverse.For the most part it stands on its own as a complete story . Except for a few notable exceptions -LRB- i.e. , an appearance by the cousin of Cut-Me-Own-Throat Dibbler , a quick cameo by my all-time favourite Disc denizen The Librarian , and a couple of pregnant references to Ankh Morpork -RRB- , you do n't have to be Discworld savvy to follow the story . It 's set in the previously unheard of locale of Omnia , where the Quisition , led by Deacon Vorbis -LRB- as evil a character as anything Pratchett has put on paper -RRB- , tortures into its heretical citizenry a belief in the Great God Om . But the central question in the book , the one that drives the plot forward , is this
 Rough translation
 Quite simply , Terry Pratchett is the funniest man alive . However , his early books are somewhat coarse , and the later books may confused a newcomer.Small Gods is an excellent starting point for anyone . The book has new characters , a new plot , and nothing is expected of the reader . Its a wonderful book that will explain everything for someone who 's never ventured into the Discworld before . Its also one of the funniest texts around.Small Gods is also a great books in its seriousness . The book takes a witty look at the perils of making religion too organized - in worshipping the Church rather than the God . It is a book you can read , then mull over for hours - if you did n't break up laughing every two minutes .
 So maybe I 'm biased . I 've read all Pratchett 's book at least twice . I 've got both of the map books , and I even met Pratchett for Gods sakes . But SMALL GODS is , and always will be , my favourite . It does n't have as much of the in-your-face humour of some of the others in the series , or the sly digs to popular culture -LRB- Wyrd Sisters , Moving Pictures -RRB- but Small Gods is first and foremost , a satire . Personally , I believe this is where Pratchett hit his creative peak , when he had the perfect balance of characters , wit and imagination . Not to mention a real sense of danger - how many `` humorists '' can pull that off?Don ' t think about it . Small Gods has something to say about belief , friendship , zealotry - the whole nine yards ... Kevin Smith 's new film DOGMA is trying to cover similar ground , but I doubt it 'll be anywhere as insightful or entertaining as this.Just get it ... buy it now , on the cheap , and I 'm Cutting Me Own Throat ...
 A few weeks ago I finished my first Discworld novel , ` Mort ' , which was a very light and funny book . Therefore , I assumed all Discworld novels would be like this . . I guess I was wrong . Small Gods is funny -LRB- at least in the beginning -RRB- - but far , far from being a light book , which is not necessarily a bad thing.Small Gods tells about Brutha , a not so smart lad who one day hears the voice of his great god Om calling him . But contrary to what he expected , the great god Om was n't really such a great god - in fact , he was quite small . . like a turtle . And he did n't have any powers at all . And apparently , not many believers either . The book tells about the god Om and Brutha 's adventures , trying to survive in Omnia -LRB- which is a very religious in a fanatic way ... -RRB- - and maybe even restore the god to his full power.The book really started light , but turned into a very heavy and philosophical novel about the nature of religions and gods - and of people and belief . Really , I think it would 've fit quite well into a philosophy class . Typically to Terry Pratchett , the book is very very witty - I do n't think the man knows how to write in an ` Unwitty ' way . I do n't think I laughed at all during the second half of the book , but I still could n't stop reading it - and definitely enjoyed the read . I highly recommend this to anyone who loves Discworld , and enjoys reading books which make you think afterwards . However , do n't get it if you want a book which will just make you laugh .
 This was the first Pratchett book I read , and I 'm glad of it . While it has the humor and satire that is inherent in all of the Discworld books , it also has something else - something to say . It was evident , even from the first time I read this book , that Pratchett had put some real heavy thinking into it.This book is , as the title suggests , about gods . Where do they come from ? Where do they go ? What keeps them moving ? Ordinarily , gods do n't like this sort of question . People who think are not what gods look for in followers . Gods want people who believe . That 's where their power comes from . Gods with many believers are stong , great gods . Armies of priests and worshipers attend to their every needs , the sacrifices are plentiful and their dominion is vast . A great God wants for nothing.A god with no believers , however , is a small god , a mindless thought blistering through the firmament , searching with single-minded fervor for one thing
 In this era of triumphant religious fundamentalism , Small Gods is a pretty dangerous item to be seen carrying . Terry Pratchett , carrying a reputation of being a major force in writing fantasy and humour has shed both in this penetrating book . It 's an incisive satire of the mores and methods of the three major religions of Western Civilization . Pratchett 's astute axiom that the Discworld is a `` mirror of worlds '' applies with more force here than any other Discworld book . Pratchett casts away whatever subtle restraint he 's given other philosophical issues to directly confront us with a harsh truth about faiths.The basic theme is a simple , but rarely recognized , truth . Gods are created by people . The fewer the believers , the smaller and weaker the god . When belief fades or believers eliminated , the gods cease to exist . Once mighty , the god Om has been relegated to the body of a tortoise . He retains but one true believer
 Most of America has not yet caught on to the Discworld series , but those of us who have are fiercely devout followers , and this book is a prime example of why . On the surface , it is a hilarious and touching story of a once-mighty god and his last remaining believer , but Pratchett 's astounding wisdom and understanding of human nature take it much deeper , through labyrinths literal , metaphorical , and moral . At the center are the questioning of a religion where belief centers on the church , rather than the god , and the way a sole believer can shift his god 's way of thinking and take a religion with it.At the same time , Pratchett employs his usual side-splitting humor and vile puns to show us the silly side of serious philosophy , atheism in a world with thousands of gods , and exactly why tortoises hate eagles . And that even an orang-utan Librarian from across the sea can help if books are burning.If I was asked `` Which is the best Discworld novel ? '' I 'd say , with the possible exception of Hogfather , this one.Finally , a tortoise has learned how to fly .
 On Terry Pratchett 's Discworld , belief is a force . But belief is not the same thing as worship . `` Small Gods '' is built around these two premises . And it is a pretty wonderful adventure.Brutha is an illiterate novice in the service of the great god Om . He is unlikely to be much more than a gardener , but he does truly believe in Om , and because he does , he can hear Om when the god speaks to him . In fact , Om is on hard times , with an entire nation that worships him but only one believer . And if a god has no believers , it becomes a small god . And Om has become so weak he can only manifest as a turtle.Through the course of their adventures , Brutha an Om wander through the wilderness , confront heretics and madmen , learn to recognize the perils of tyranny and theocracy , and generally tour the highlights of the Old Testament . Brutha visits classical Greece , in the form of Omnia 's neighbor , Ephebe , and learns what true evil can be . It sounds like philosophy , and in some measure it is , but under Pratchett 's masterful touch the story is so well done that it is only afterwards , when you are through with the tale , that the message hits you . At speed , right between the eyes.Pratchett recast his ideas about belief later , and in quite a different way , in `` Hogfather . '' But `` Small Gods '' makes important points , as well as being a glorious romp through the apocrypha.This book is not for anyone whose sense of righteousness gets in the way of their sense of humor . This is a satire of religious excesses and pokes fun at worship when it gets separated from belief . For some , it may cut to close to the bone . But for the rest of it , this is a terrific book .
 `` Small Gods '' came to land on my window sill after fluttering in the wind for what appeared to be ages ; even though I knew it would eventually flutter somewhere nearby , it came as a pleasant , somewhat unexpected surprise.Being my first Terry Pratchett novel , I did n't really know what to expect other than a number of sardonic comments on religion and its place in society . Prior to reading it , I thought it would take on the tone of a polemic
 _ Small_Gods _ was my first Pratchett book . I was unwilling to read it , as I have never been a fan of fantasy novels . Once started , I could n't put it down!Swinging like a crazed Tarzan between hilarious and depressing , this novel is an insightful and wonderfully funny look at organized religion everywhere.And even with all the slapstick , puns , and biting wit , Pratchett still leaves us with an inspiring message
 Each of Pratchett 's Discworld novels takes on a particular theme of literature or aspect of society . Here is his take on organized religion , and on religion in general . Both as a humorist and as a novelist Pratchett 's output is quite variable in quality , rarely reaching the peaks set by such superior works as INTERESTING TIMES or MEN AT ARMS . SMALL GODS is above the average , and for Pratchett , that 's quite good indeed . Pratchett 's hero , Brutha , is an apparently retarded and ambitionless monk who 's slated to become a new Messiah , but the leader of the established church has his own ideas about who that Messiah should actually be . Furthermore , by an incredibly unlikely turn of events , the God worshipped by the established church actually exists , although He is handicapped a bit by being incarnated as a tiny turtle . The plot and characters are continually interesting , and the novel moves swiftly .
 This book is perfect . What more can I say
 I 've decided he 's too good and too prolific for me to write a brand new review every single time I read one of his books . Discworld currently has 34 titles and every one of them will probably knock your socks off . His mind bubbles and flashes like a boiling pot of electric eels , and I simply ca n't get enough of his writing.A reviewer has compared him to Geoffrey Chaucer . He reminds me more of Douglas Adams , or perhaps S Morgenstern . Great company , is n't it ? He 's an extremely skillful and imaginative writer , damn funny , clever and observant to boot . He 's also very easy to read . A master of characterization , and if there 's anything else you like about reading that I did n't mention here , assume I simply forgot . He 's awesome.Another reviewer mentioned Jonathan Swift and PG Wodehouse . Why such hallowed company ? Because Pratchett belongs there ! Truly , I 'm enjoying my quest to read every book in the series . You should do the same , and begin your quest at the library because he 's got to be there . He 's awesome!Yet another reviewer said Jerome K Jerome meets Lord of the Rings . Yeah , that works too.Why do we , as reviewers , compare authors to other authors ? Because it 's easier than thinking . In the case of Terry Pratchett , it 's probably because we 'd otherwise wind up quoting the guy . He 's so unique that we just do n't know how else to cope with his greatness . Even this paragraph sounds like foamy drool raving , does n't it ? That 's how all readers react to Pratchett . Reviewers simply do n't have the good sense to keep it to themselves.I could call his writing fantasy , but I could likewise call what Douglas Adams wrote science fiction . In both cases , I would n't be wrong , but I 'd be neglecting so much and just totally missing the point . A rare few authors transcend a genre to such a degree that you know they 're shouting out , loud and proud , a big fat `` Bite me ! `` I love Terry Pratchett 's writing , and I completely understand why some folks refer to him as their favorite author . Or favourite , I should say , since we 're being British . He 's one of those authors that makes you want to grab whoever 's in hearing range and start reading passages aloud . I 'm simply thrilled that there 's such an extremely talented and prolific author who 's been working for years without me being aware of him . Now I have much catching up to do , and I will love it .
 This is one of my favorite books . I have read it several times and each time find another pearl of truth . I have recommended it to friends and have even given a copy to my minister .
 My second Terry Pratchett . I have always studiously avoided Terry Pratchett , because it seemed clear from the covers and write ups of his books that they would not be my kind of thing . But I am frequently recommended his books , and a week or two ago a friend expressed surprise that I could love Douglas Adams and not Terry Pratchett.I explained I had read Nation , but apparently my Pratchett education was incomplete and he suggested I try Small Gods to see what I think.On completion of Small Gods , I decided that I know my tastes better than my friends.Small Gods is a clever and highly satirical book with plenty of wacky humour . I can see why it is so succesful , and I was left with the impression that Pratchett is well read and the book is well researched . Where some authors might repeat old cannards about , for instance , people only using 10 % of their brain , Pratchett soundly debunks them . Moreover his satire appears to be informed at least somewhat by some actual history -LRB- although it was often to obvious and in your face for my tastes -RRB- . For a book set in a nonsense world , it was surprisingly strong in such research.But despite appreciating the book , and understanding its popularity , Pratchett is not for me . It is all a bit too silly.So why do I like Douglas Adams then ? I do n't really have an answer to that . It may be because Douglass Adams was not so prolific . It may be because Pratchett writes fantasy , and somehow that changes things . It may be just that Adams ' work was on a different wavelength better suited to me.I do n't have a good answer to that but I wo n't be buying any more Pratchett .
 SOOOO profound about religion . I even wrote down several quotes.The book does n't so much mock God , or even belief , but it certainly points out the problems and hypocrisies of organized religion . And of course , this is all couched in Pratchett 's extremely clever and creative style.I liked the characters
 We have all read some allegorical , satirical commentary before whether about society or religious fervor . These stories offer hollowed characters and empty plots as we , the readers , are suppose to bring our own experiences to shore up the novels weak narration . In Small Gods , one could have not a philosophical or religious bone in their body and still be treated to a wonderful story of Brutha , the novice Monk propelled to greatness . The religious themes , satirical prods , and overall commentary on our society could be shucked and there would still be a wonderful work to be enjoyed.Those are the parts that catapult this novel into a great , 5-level star book . With such well written characters and story , these themes have plenty of things to hook on to and start taking jabs right from the get go . The glorious thing about this book is that no on is spared ; atheists , agnostics , believers , Buddhists , apathetics , and theist all alike should be prepared to be challenged in subtle , but humorous , ways.This book , deeply rooted in satire , allows for introspection when it comes to the notions of society . Not to forget , as with Terry Pratchett books , this is laugh out loud stuff here . So , be prepared to be challenged in a fantasy setting with humor around every page .
 Terry Pratchett is the literary gateway drug for fantasy humor and this is the book that got me hooked . Smart , satirical fun-poking that questions the unquestionable . Chock full of Anglican tongues-in-cheek , laced with a crinkly layer of metaphysical philosophy , tickling soft underbellies along the way - so funny , odd and quirky , you may discover funny bones you did n't know you had . Thank you Terry Pratchett . You 've made me an odder person for reading you , but also a happier one .
 Terry Pratchett is a phenomenal writer ! I 'll tell you that any of his books , especially the Disc World series are well worth picking up ! In my youth I loved the Lord of the Rings books by J.R.R. Tolkien -LRB- and yes , I 'm talking pre-movie adolescence , thank you -RRB- . I read any fantasy/adventure novels I could get my hands on . Eventually I ran out of books worth reading ... . In my late teens I even resorted to Harry Potter , which I thought was amusing -LRB- but with a very low reading level -RRB- until I stumbled upon Terry Pratchett . Oh what a day ! It was as if I had been waiting for his writing since the first time I picked up a book ! The worlds he has created within the Disc world series are so interesting and entertaining . On each page he has spelled out endless wit , comedy , and enchantment . The characters hook you from the start and in each book you learn more about them and how they intertwine with one another . The imagery Pratchett depicts with his stories is absolutely amazing ! And one of the things that I think is the best about this series is you do n't necessarily have to read them in a particular order . There are a few here or there within the series that do fit better together read in a certain order but besides those you can just go with the next one that strikes your fancy . Every time I finish one I CAN NOT wait for the next ! Soon I 'll be done with the series and this is sad ... But reading them all was well worth it ! See for yourself !
 This book was first published in 1992 . Terry Pratchett 's 13th Discworld novel -LRB- and 23rd overall -RRB- is a satire of organized religion . It poses a conundrum to many fans . Most of Pratchett 's novels are parody , and Webster 's On-line Dictionary defines parody as `` a literary or musical work in which the style of an author or work is closely imitated for comic effect or in ridicule '' . Of course , Pratchett 's works have always been a bit deeper and life-true than that pat definition suggests . On the other hand , the same dictionary defines satire as `` a literary work holding up human vices and follies to ridicule or scorn ; trenchant wit , irony , or sarcasm used to expose and discredit vice or folly '' . With most of Pratchett 's fans expecting parody from a Discworld novel , satire can be a thorny pill to swallow.This rare `` stand-alone '' Discworld novel -LRB- like Pyramids and Moving Pictures , it is not part of any previously defined sub-series of novels -RRB- sticks organized religion on a spit and broils it mercilessly . It follows a young priest named Brutha , who is the last true believer of the great god Om , in spite of it being the state religion of the theocratic dictatorship of Omnia . On Discworld , gods can manifest to the proportion of their true believers , and because only Brutha is left , Om can only manifest as a one-eyed tortoise . Brutha discovers Om , literally , and carries Om in tortoise form with him through his journeys.His commander is Lord Vorbis , a blackly pious inquisioner who has no difficulties with torturing unbelievers . The Omnian priests openly pity those who have not accepted Om , though they unknowningly betray the fact that they themselves do n't believe in Om so much as the Religion of Om . Therein lies the problem . As Brutha and Vorbis travel , they encounter many nations and religions , with Vorbis the matter-of-fact executioner restrained only by diplomacy . When disaster befalls them , and Vorbis spends most of the rest of the trip unconscious , it is Brutha who selflessly drags Vorbis along , hoping to find safety , because it is just the right thing to do . Ultimately , Vorbis sees Brutha conversing with Om , and predictably does not see it for what it is , and he persecutes Brutha for heresy , leading to a typical Discworld story ending.While Small Gods ranks as one of Pratchett 's best -- I would place only the Discworld tomes Wyrd Sisters and Soul Music above it , as well as the non-Discworld books Good Omens -LRB- co-written with Neil Gaiman -RRB- and the newly published Nation -RRB- -- it is easily the meanest natured book in his ouvre . Pratchett simply does not bother to disguise his contempt and disgust for the hypocrisy and fake faith bred by most large , powerful religious organizations . While Pratchett has sharpened his poison pen from time to time in past and subsequent Discworld novels , it 's usually not been at the expense of parody . Perhaps Pratchett sees the evil done by such organizations as not leaving room for fun . It 's not that Small Gods is n't funny -- it 's uproariously , scathingly funny just about all the time -- just that the fun is taking a back seat to the millions of people who have died because of religious zealotry.Small Gods is not a good first Discworld novel , or a good first Pratchett novel . It is best enjoyed by those thoroughly initiated into the splendors of the Discworld , and then only those who are not easily offended by its subject matter . Though a dozen years later he treats the topic with much more tenderness and humanity in Nation , Small Gods should not be missed as Pratchett 's ultimate hit piece .
 Nice critic about inquisition times combined with a great introduction to small gods concept for those not familiar with it . Makes you think about faith while it makes you laugh about everything . If I had not read better Pratchett 's books , I would have rated this with a five
 Terry Pratchett 's Discworld series includes stories that are cynical , funny , satirical , occasionally deeply moving , and very entertaining . Like many of his fans , I believe `` Small Gods '' ranks at the top . It examines religion in society and manages simultaneously to condemn and endorse religion ; deeply critical of religion as a tool of oppression yet supportive of religion as a path to goodness and self-enlightenment . The story takes place in Omnia , a country tyrannized by high priests in a theocracy patterned on the Spanish Inquisition . The society is so relentlessly oppressed by the dictators claiming to speak in the name of their god that the religion itself has been lost , buried in tyranny and bureaucracy . In fact , paradoxically in a country ruled by `` The Church '' , there is almost no one left who really follows the religion . Enter Brutha , a simply country boy who is the last person in the entire country who actually believes in their god . The devout Brutha is the hero of the story , and the interaction between him , the Grand Inquisitor , and especially the abandoned god that only Brutha worships makes a very entertaining and thought-provoking novel with a terrific and moving ending.Many of the Discworld novels are interrelated with reoccurring characters , but this one happens to be a `` stand-alone '' story . Although I believe knowing a little about the reoccurring character Death will help a little ; Death appears several times and also contributes to the story 's closure . At any rate , knowing nothing about Discworld will not inhibit enjoyment of the story at all . Overall an outstanding novel that could easily have won any or all of the major prizes in the genre .
 I enjoyed this quirky fantasy story . It was really humorous and managed to poke fun at religious bureaucracy.The Great God Om has been worshipped in Omnia , a region of the infamous Discworld , for centuries . Though his statues and such appear everywhere , only one man , Brutha , actually belives in him . Without his believers , Om shrinks to embody a sarcastic little turtle . Bruta and Om set off on a journey that the reader wo n't soon forget .
 The Great God Om wakes up in tortoise-form just as an eagle hurls him into a compost pile . If you 're the type of person who worries about being struck by lightning while reading the wrong kind of book , stay away from `` Small Gods . '' Terry Pratchett blasphemes against -LRB- or maybe I should say ` explains ' -RRB- religion in this book , and most philosophies too . This is one of his more seriously comic Discworld books , although only Pratchett -LRB- and Monty Python -RRB- would even consider an attempt at a comedy about the Grand InquisitionIf Galileo had muttered , `` Eppur si muove ! '' to the Inquisition on Discworld , he no doubt would have been referring to the gigantic turtle that carries the world on its back . He would have burned too , old as he was , if Vorbis the exquisitor had overheard him blaspheming against the perfect sphere of Discworld , which orbits around the Sun `` as Man orbits the central truth of Om . `` Meanwhile Om scrabbles out of the compost heap and discovers Brutha , a young novice who is hoeing melons in the temple garden . Brutha is the only person left on Discworld who truly believes in Om , and really bad things happen to gods who lose all of their believers.However , Brutha almost loses his god . Vorbis the exquisitor discovers the small tortoise hissing at him and does n't recognize it as his God , Om . He flips it over , inserts a couple of pebbles into its shell so it ca n't right itself , then sticks Om on the garden wall to broil in the sun.Vorbis is a bad ` un.After this temporary setback -LRB- setback , get it ? -RRB- , `` Small Gods '' carries on with the tale of Om and Brutha and their adventures as Om tries to figure out why he ended up as a tortoise , and Brutha attempts to discover truth in religion . This book is a work of fiction . All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental . However if you read very carefully , you may spot coincidental resemblances to Tom&aacute;s de Torquemada , Jesus , any number of classical Greek philosophers , early Christian saints , Old Testament prophets , and Galileo Galilei .
 The Great God Om wakes up in tortoise-form just as an eagle hurls him into a compost pile . If you 're the type of person who worries about being struck by lightning while reading the wrong kind of book , stay away from `` Small Gods . '' Terry Pratchett blasphemes against -LRB- or maybe I should say ` explains ' -RRB- religion in this book , and most philosophies too . This is one of his more seriously comic Discworld books , although only Pratchett -LRB- and Monty Python -RRB- would even consider an attempt at a comedy about the Grand InquisitionIf Galileo had muttered , `` Eppur si muove ! '' to the Inquisition on Discworld , he no doubt would have been referring to the gigantic turtle that carries the world on its back . He would have burned too , old as he was , if Vorbis the exquisitor had overheard him blaspheming against the perfect sphere of Discworld , which orbits around the Sun `` as Man orbits the central truth of Om . `` Meanwhile Om scrabbles out of the compost heap and discovers Brutha , a young novice who is hoeing melons in the temple garden . Brutha is the only person left on Discworld who truly believes in Om , and really bad things happen to gods who lose all of their believers.However , Brutha almost loses his god . Vorbis the exquisitor discovers the small tortoise hissing at him and does n't recognize it as his God , Om . He flips it over , inserts a couple of pebbles into its shell so it ca n't right itself , then sticks Om on the garden wall to broil in the sun.Vorbis is a bad ` un.After this temporary setback -LRB- setback , get it ? -RRB- , `` Small Gods '' carries on with the tale of Om and Brutha and their adventures as Om tries to figure out why he ended up as a tortoise , and Brutha attempts to discover truth in religion . This book is a work of fiction . All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental . However if you read very carefully , you may spot coincidental resemblances to Tom&aacute;s de Torquemada , Jesus , any number of classical Greek philosophers , early Christian saints , Old Testament prophets , and Galileo Galilei .
 Let me just say I 'm not a big fan of Discworld . I ca n't give any solid reason for that , but it has never quite captivated me the way it does so many . Pratchett 's writing is very good , and his world entertaining , but well ... I do n't know . Just does n't do much for me . Maybe too much satire , not enough story . `` Small Gods '' is different . It has a pretty good story . And the end is very satisfying . This is one of the first Discworld books I read , and it 's still my favorite . Admittedly , I have n't read many , so take that with a grain of salt.It does drag a bit , and once in a great while , Pratchett is more convinced of his cleverness than he should be . But usually he 's justified . When it comes right down to it , he is one of the best at humorous fantasy that still has something worthwhile to say .
 This was one of the best books in the discworld series i ever read . The Great God Om , wanting to stir up the belief of his followers , decides to manifest himself . He has taken the form of very majestic creatures in the past but for some reason that even he can not understand he has now manifested himself as a two pound tortise and can not even do proper miricles anymore . Finding himself with only one true believer -LRB- the others trusting in the Quisition -RRB- he must try to find a way , using this beliver as his prophet , to regain proper godship . This will be no easy task because the only person that believes in him is not even a preist and tends a small vegetable garden ...
 If you 're a Pratchett fan and have n't read this book , shame on you . It is undoubtedly one of my favorites , and quite probably the best one he 's ever written . This is a great satire and a wonderful place to start your journey into the Discworld , if you have n't already . The humor is n't quite as blatant as in some of the other books , but that makes it even better . Some of the best one-liners of the whole series come from this book . Check out the l-space web for the highlights .
 I was picking through my mom 's book collection , and found Small Gods to be a little different from the rest . I had no idea when I began to read it how different it was ! From the first page onward I could not put it down . Terry Pratchett takes us into a private world , so similar to our own , and yet not . Religion is brought out into the open in a humorous , insightful way . We see a little bit of ourselves in the blind faith of Brutha , the novice with the amazing memory , who , out of thousands of hollow believers , truly has faith in the Great God Om , * holy horns * who through a failed attempt to become a massive white bull , compleate with fire and might , instead becomes a humble tortoise , whom most everyone will admit , `` there 's good eating on one of those . '' Pratchett adds a little intriuge , betrail and a hint of human cruelity to this wonderful book , perfect for long , otherwise boring , summer days .
 I 've been reading the Discworld books in order of publication , and this is the first one that diverged from the normal types of stories . This book was a pretty strong expression of Pratchett 's religious stance , in my opinion . The humor was n't as strong as other books , I thought it was almost more of a philosophy book , or a book of opinions on religion . I was n't sure how to rate this as I enjoyed the views on religion , but thought they would be better written in a non-Discworld novel . For Discworld , I did n't think the storyline was very fitting . I 'd probably give it 3.5 stars , but rounded up as well . If you 're looking for Discworld humor , I would n't choose this book . If you want some views -LRB- primarily mocking -RRB- on religion , then it 's good !
 This is my first experience reading a Terry Pratchett novel , as well as my first introduction to Discworld ... and I am impressed ! Small Gods has a bit of everything -- it is full of imagination , philosophy , satire , and gets down right funny at times!The story centers around Brutha , a religious novice in Omnia , a worshipper of the Great God Om . The only thing is -- he is the last true believer and the only person who can truly speak to Om . Going from there , this is Brutha 's story of self - and religious - discovery . None of the people around him seem to know what to make of him , and his connection to Om , a very small god who is learning that if your last believer dies , it is not a pretty situation for a small god . But the world of Omnia is being upset by this new religious group obsessed by the fact that a Turtle actually swims across space with the world held up by four elephants upon its shell ... it 's a whole new world in this book!I ca n't wait to try another novel in the Discworld series ! I highly recommend the same for anyone wanting some pure reading pleasure !
 Possibly , the best Pratchet work yet , and the work most associated with our own world . If you read only one Pratchet work , this should be it.The book tell the story of how a lowly novice priest in a great church was the only one who truly believed in the god of his country . Then , a quest to liberate not only the novice but the entire coutry from the clutches of those who only believed in themselves.This is a book I keep coming back to , years after I bought it .
 If you have the slightest inkling that you have what it takes to be a professional author , do not read Terry Pratchett . This is not because he 's not worth reading , or because I do n't think that aspiring writers can learn anything from his prose
 I expected a lesser Douglas Adams ; after all , it was only a Terry Pratchett novel , one of those things with pages that you read quickly , laugh a couple of times and change for any other book on those second-hand stores.But `` Small Gods '' is a thing of beauty , of seemingly superficial thoughts that nevertheless takes you to the depths of the human condition . Pratchett mayve even did not intended to reach the heights of art , but here the attempt has succeded , and we could well be in the presence of a minor classic.Here you have a book that explains how Gods are made and destroyed , not in a fantasy world , but in our very real one , deux-ex-machina and all .
 Religion is n't a concept that is touched on in any significant way in most fiction/fantasy books . Usually it 's something along the lines of a Great Divine Goddess that some people pray to , while most people get on with their lives . Or perhaps the book has a generic set of Earth God , Sky God , and Food God . This is odd , because if you look at any history book most of the events of the Medieval and Renaissance periods were dominated by religion.So it 's nice to see that religion is the main focus of Small Gods -LRB- as you could probably guess -RRB- , even if it is in a satirical way . Small Gods focuses on the large , zealously religious , crusading nation Om . Their God is also called Om . The religion is Omnia , and the main character is named Brutha.Novice Brutha is the kind of person who really Believes . Not in the go-to-church-every-Sunday way , but the Om-is-watching-you-always way . So it comes as a surprise when Om appears to him in the form of a small , one-eyed turtle , asking for help . It comes as an even bigger surprise that nobody else can hear the God.Small Gods takes the idea of belief and turns it inside out . It does n't make fun of religion , or try and poke holes in anyone 's actual beliefs . But themes such as `` Belief vs The Structure of the Church '' , `` Atheism Being Almost As Good As Belief '' , and `` What Happens When People Stop Believing '' show up throughout the book.Sure , you could read it just for the laughs . Oh , the God is a vulgar turtle , ha ha . The book is certainly funny enough for that to satisfy people . But if you read the book for the larger themes , instead of reading it joke-by-joke , you 'll see that Small Gods actually provides a pretty smart and thorough commentary on what religion is , and what it can make people do .
 Although I had read around ten of the Discworld books -LRB- mainly the Watch books along with a couple of others -RRB- , I had not read them in order . This time I am reading all of them from beginning to whatever is end at the moment . While I enjoyed this series from the very first book , at this point in the series the books just get funnier and funnier . WITCHES ABROAD was a complete stitch and SMALL GODS was , if anything , even funnier . The great god Om , who has very much against his will been incarnated in the body of a wee little tortoise -LRB- there 's good eatin ' on them -RRB- , is one of the funniest characters that Terry Pratchett has ever created , which is saying quite a lot , while Vorbis is one of the most delightfully evil ones . There are countless delicious lines , wonderful ideas , enticing twists , and hysterical scenes , enough to make this one of the funniest of all the Discworld novels.I 'm now at approximately the one-third mark in my reading of all the books -LRB- UNSEEN ACADEMICALS was # 37 in the series , but given that I started reading the series in September 2009 and that Pratchett , despite his illness , is bravely pushing forward with new books , I figure that he 'll have published # 38 and # 39 by the time I get to # 37 , praying to God that his health remains good -RRB- and I 'm delighted that they just seem to be getting better and better . I 'm about to start hitting most of the books that I 've already read once , but I look forward to working through them again , especially now that I am familiar with so many more secondary characters . Since Pratchett is English and I 'm American , I ca n't claim him as a national treasure , but surely I can claim him as an international one . I ca n't say for certain that he has made the world a better place , but he has certainly made it a more entertaining one , and surely that an improvement of sorts .
 -LSB- For context 's sake , I have been reading the Discworld books in publication order . Small Gods is # 13 . -RSB- I really enjoyed this one , though it was n't the strongest . Pratchett gives a really intriguing approach to the concept of gods , with some very insightful observations and goings-on . The character development and interactions were -LRB- as always with Pratchett -RRB- deep and entertaining . One character seemed a bit pointless , even given his possible role as a plot feint and surprise twist at the end , and the plot slowed down and became mildly laborious at times , but overall a great read .
 Small GodsBoutht as a replacement for beloved book that had fallen on evil times ! Terry Pratchett is an author I collect
 I 've read a lot of Discworld novels and this is definitely one of my favorites . A must read for all Pratchett fans .
 The great god Om chooses to speak to the humans of Discworld about their lack of faith , not through an angel , not in the form of a burning bush but in the form of a turtle , and not a GIANT TURTLE , more like a box turtle . Remember the movie Oh God ? Now think about trying to convince the world god speaks through a tiny turtle . Yeah , and it just gets better , Sir Terry 's wit will leave you in stitches - or maybe in traction when you throw something out of whack laughing .
 I loved it . It resonated with a lot of things I 've thought and was both funny and thought provoking . Excellent !!
 A lovely story , exposing the underbelly of religion amusingly and , in the final section , reverentially - the ending brings tears to my eyes .
 Terry Pratchett is a writer of humor , subtlety , and political passion , and this one combines all his gifts . It deals both critically and sympathetically with the evolution of religious faith from fanatical and vicious into an enlightened phase .
 Small Gods is an imaginative and amusing tale . It twists truths , but rather than obscuring them they become more recognizable -- and absurd . A fun story that is definitely worth reading .
 After discovering the discworld series very late on in the piece , I 'm reading my way through them in sequence . To be honest , they are a bit patchy from book to book - always worth reading - never bad , but some definitely better than others . No question which side of the equation this book falls - it 's my favourite so far . The tone of the book is slightly more serious than previous novels - it 's a more sophisticated satire on organised religion than a simple magic and swords and magic fluff fun story . Do n't be put off by that though , the trademark quirky characters , razor wit and wordplay as well as absurd humour are still in there . And of course the odd laugh out loud moment or two .
 I went into the bookstore looking , and hoping to find a new book by Douglas Adams . Nothing new , dissappointed and ready to leave a sales clerk stopped me and asked if I had read any Pratchett ? I said , no . He said read this -LRB- Small Gods -RRB- and if you do n't like me you can thwamp me with a tuna . YOu have got yourself a deal . I grabbed the book , and my towel and went to read . All I can really say about this book is WOW ! Brutha is a new fantasy hero ! He comes home from the Citadel 's garden one day with a tortoise , whom talks to him . And a month later he is the next Prophet . Go figure ! Give up snapper soup , it may be your god you eat next .
 This is by far one of the most intellectual books I have ever read - and about a turtle god too ! Reading between the lines will give the reader a surprising look at the peculiarities of our world while remaining a very interesting and funny read . Anyone interested in fantasy or humor will certainly enjoy all of the Discworld series and this is a wonderful introduction to those crazy characters
 I have to admit that I 'm a picky reader - I have n't read much not by Anne McCaffrey in three years because when I start a series I finish it before I move on to the next . But this book was a welcome diversion . Not only that , but Pratchett writes like I think
 Amazing ; Pratchett romps with the old idea that gods derive substance from the faith of their believers . Such a simple idea , but Pratchett makes it sing . A god reduced to a the status of a turtle , who has only one beleiver , who is in turn , endangered by his belief while trapped inside a hypocritical Establisment that is devoted to the worship of that self same god ... . Humor and satire layered like a fine pastry . This book rings like a bell
 Terry Pratchett continues the Discworld tradition in fine fashion with Small Gods . Brutha , a lowly , simple-minded novitiate of a mighty religious empire , has just met his god face-to-face . Actually , heel-to-face , because the mighty god Om is really a not-so-mighty tortoise who is out to reclaim his empire -- with Brutha 's help
 Every Disccworld novel is about the introduction of something that is a powerful modern element in * our * lives . And how it gets dangerously out of control , and dies . This is about philosophy and is an excellent view on both the Peloponesian Wars and the Inquisition . To show you the error of strict religion and free-thinking at the same time , while telling you slavery is n't altogther a bad thing , Mr. Pratchett has written this book , so do him the honor of reading it
 Terry Prachett never ceases to please his readers . `` Small gods '' is no exception to that and is in factamong his better books . The humor is darker than usualbut is also sensitive and moving . I reccomend this bookhighly and praise Terry Pratchett once again .
 As an athiest I particularly enjoyed this book , since beneath the side-splitting humour there are a lot of observations about organised religion which are right on target . The way it makes people cruel and willfully ignorant , and the way the organisation takes over the actual god and becomes the real power . Why are so many outright evil things done in the name of a kind god ? Because of people like Vorbis . Read it even if you 're a thiest - Pratchett manages to do all this without rubbing your nose in it .
 the book came really fast and was in great condition , I cant wait to read it i would order from them again for sure .
 I am a huge unabashed Pratchett fan . I will admit to that . However , one of the reasons for that fact is this book.Most of the Discworld books explore themes of , quite simply , humanity , in a critical , though loving manner . Small Gods steps up the game significantly , investigating what it means to believe , how human nature interacts with that belief - converting it into religion and subverting it to its own cynical and political desires.As far as a philosophical argument goes , it 's quite a heavy one . However , Pratchett injects a ton of humanity an optimism into the tale . Brutha 's character -LRB- not coincidentally sounding like `` Brother '' and rhyming with `` Buddha '' -RRB- is a wide-eyed , naive buffoon at first , that matures into a politically savvy religious leader with a keen understanding of what humans want and need.Not unlike the growth of most people coming to terms with religious beliefs and how they play into their being.Happily , you do not need to read Discworld 's first books to properly enjoy this one ; the in-jokes add , ofcourse , but the theme of the books remain . Unlike some other books -LRB- for instance , Night Watch , another master piece of his -RRB- you do not need the context and background of the characters to fully appreciate the book and the story.If you read only one Discworld book - make it Small Gods .
 It 's hard to add much to what has been said already . But if you are looking for a good stand alone discworld book that is not bogged down with character and ideas from previous book this is a great place to start and is - in my opinion - the best the Discworld has to offer .
 Nobody can discuss serious philosophical issues in hysterically funny ways like Terry Pratchett . Small gods is as intelligent exploration of theology and people 's relationship to religion as you 'll find but if that 's not what you want to take from it you 'll have a great time laughing through the book . The Turtle Moves .
 I had a copy of this book some time ago and really need to read it again for the thrill that it always gives me , but I seem to have lost my copy . So I purchases another copy and read it front to back and still get the same thrill reading it now as I did when I first had a copy .
 People have been recommending Pratchett books to me for a decade and a half , but I never got around to picking one up until now -LRB- after Stephen King , I 'm a bit leery of prolific authors -RRB- . I have to say , I enjoyed this one
 -LRB- Should really be 41/2 stars ... -RRB- This review is for the Kindle version.So this was the second book I had ever read from Pratchett and being a philosophy major I found that I really enjoyed this one quite a bit . Other Disc-world novels all have wonderful humor and characters that are easily enjoyed and understood while this one has a bit heavier side to it than other Disc-world novels . That being said , while this book is set in Disc-world and does contain a couple of characters from other books , it is not at all important that you have any previous knowledge of anything disc-world to enjoy this book . You can safely read this book as an introduction in the Disc-world novels and Pratchett 's style in general.As for the book itself , if you enjoy great humor -LRB- specifically British humor -RRB- and discussions about philosophy and religion , this book is for you . While the ideas that are brought forth in the book are hardly deep or original takes on religion or philosophy , it 's still a well written story that takes a couple of unexpected turns . I particularly liked the main character in this book more so than other main characters from the Disc-world series.All in all I 'd definitely recommend the book a nice stand-alone introduction to Pratchett and Disc-world .
 Pratchett has quickly become a favorite of mine . His Discworld books are reliable entertainment . Each shares the qualities that make them quick reads , and yet each is quite different from others . Parody , humor , and clever use of story events to illustrate more serious subject matter are common , and they are all here in this one . Loosely , it is about a novice priest named Bruthe who serves in the city of Omnia . He becomes a reluctant figure in religious clashes with the city of Ephebe . Bruthe is a minor figure in Omnian society when we meet him , until one day he is working in a garden and discovers a tortoise ... Lots of craziness occurs , and most of it is colorful and entertaining . Along the way , various themes are constantly turned inside and out , this way and that , and arguments are found within arguments on the ideas of religion , philosphy , warfare , good and evil , and human significance or insignificance . But it 's quite difficult to take it all too seriously , unless that is what you concentrate on while reading . Trying to expand the mind while wading through the humorous moments and the many delightful characters is a major task for mortal readers . I confess to weakness , and vow to do better next time .
 This is the first Pratchett book I have read . I had avoided Pratchett for years because of his classification as a science fiction writer . I was surprised that this is NOT a sci-fi book . It is fantasy , and there is only a limited amount of that . Many mainstream literary authors -LRB- M&aacute;rquez , Pynchon -RRB- have a similar amount of fantasy in their works.This is a well-written book . The plot and characters develop and flow , it maintains interest , and is a pleasure to read . The ideas are original and there are thoughtful reflections about the human condition.That said , this book does show some elements of Sci-Fi fiction that make it genre writing . This book does not include a single female character , nor any substantial reference to women . The entire realm of sexuality , family , childhood and romance is avoided -- as if entire worlds of men can exclusively focus on the `` important '' things of war , science , and adventure . This is the defensive world of 13-year old boys , and it is a major weakness of Sci-Fi writing . These limitations do not detract from this particular book , but I worry if the rest of Pratchett 's books are similar.Mr . Pratchett is an excellent writer . You will not be disappointed in this book .
 This should be required reading for all school children everywhere . It teaches them about humanity , appropriately channelled irreverence , and acquiring an essential survival technique - a sense of humor . Albeit at our own expense . Particularly at our own expense . Quite apart from the fact that it is also a jolly good fable of good versus bad.I wish the guardians of our educational policies and also - horror of horrors - of policing our children would have the sense to put an outstanding book like this in school curriculums . All the drivel that children are currently encouraged to read in the name of literacy and progress is mere politically and culturally sanitized mush .
 Terry Pratchett draws on a number of thinly disguised analogies to religious beliefs of ordinary people . I found it absolutely hilarious as well as somewhat thought provoking . I highly recommend it to anyone who is n't sensitive to the religious puns .
 this book should be worshiped as the bilble so that I dont have to go to church . the reason this book was so funny is becouse jokes are funnier writen down .
 Reading The Lawless Roads reminded me of a comment from Albert Camus from his notebooks
 Greene is a consummate observer of humanity , and this chronicle of a trip he made to southern Mexico , an area deeply steeped in Catholic tradition , is nearly flawless . He went at a time of Socialist convulsion in Mexico , when the government actively worked to suppress the Church and destroy its influence , with the sort of results that have happened everywhere and in every time with such programs -- life is merely made even more miserable for and incomprehensible to the poorest , who have little choice but to wait out this latest madness from the central authorities .
 Tabasco and Chiapas in the 1930 's - not a nice place either to live or to visit . Greene 's explorations provided background and some characters for his great short novel or tale , The Power and the Glory . If you are a student of fine writing , read the novel first , then read this to see how he gathered and used material . Or read this first for background that adds depth to the novel . If you are an armchair traveler or student of Mexico , enjoy Greene 's adventures and be grateful he went through them so you do n't have to do it yourself . This is truly a classic of travel writing .
 Unfortunately I 'm unable to compare with The Power and the Glory , because I have n't read it yet . this was my first Graham Greene book and i will definitely read more . The book is written in such a rich poetic style . Every sentence is precious and evocative . This is no ordinary travel book .
 The Lawless Roads is the second non-fiction travel book of Greene 's that I 've read , and the other , Journey Without Maps was also a great book about travel in Africa . Greene is a brilliant travel writer ; he makes detailed observations about the countryside , people , and customs of Mexico . The way he traveled in the 30s makes you appreciate modern infrastructure and the advances of civilization that make godforsaken places livable . He was on assignment for a paper to report on the anti-clerical government that was persecuting the Catholics . It was form this experience that Greene wrote The Power and The Glory , which germinated from an antecdote he heard in Mexico about a whisky priest while on assignment .
 The Lawless Roads is a non-fiction account of a trip Graham Greene took in 1937 to report on the persecution of Catholics in the Mexican states of Chiapas and Tabasco . This trip was the precursor to and inspiration for his greatest novel , The Power and the Glory , about a whiskey priest who becomes the last representative of Catholicism in a blighted Mexican province.As journalism the book is thin and cursory . We do n't get much framing of why the Marxist government decided to outlaw Catholicism in the first place . Did the priestly class milk the peasants ? Was this ancient creed bogging the society down in ignorance and superstition and preventing material progress ? Did any of the Bishops commit financial , personal or political indiscretions ? Beyond a brief mention that it had to do with `` a war ... for the soul of the Indian '' we are n't told.Although he attends a few masses , visits some ruined churches and meets with priests and bishops , Greene spends little time talking to average Catholics . Since not observing the Church 's rituals is a big sin , these Catholics must have been living in an emotional pressure cooker , but we do n't see it . And Greene provides no justification for why Catholicism , imposed under Spanish colonial rule , deserves a central place in Mexican culture . He seems to assume the answer is obvious . Obviously it was n't to the politicians and landowners who sent out the army to shoot priests and destroy churches.Absent journalism , we get travelogue . It 's clear that Greene is repulsed by the grubby sensuality of Mexico , and he does n't like Mexicans . His Spanish is limited , which makes many of his interactions fraught and difficult . He is very often too hot or cold , irritated by dogs and rats , plagued by flies and mosquitoes , sore from mule travel over rough roads . His Mexico is a place full of hate and death . Being the world class writer he was , there are some compelling descriptions of flyblown mountain towns and the people in them , but throughout he is clearly more repulsed than emphatically engaged.The most fascinating question raised by Greene 's dyspeptic travelogue is this
 ahh , to have visited mexico in the 30 's . palenque , bonampak , and all the other `` undiscovered '' sites of mexico . greene does an admirable job of describing all the sights of the mayan country of the south . however , stick to `` the power and the glory '' for the real thing .
 I first read Catherine Marshall 's Something More about 20 years ago and have reread it and saved excerpts from it over the years . Catherine , Peter Marshall 's widow , starts this book with the death of her young grand child . She then reviews her Christian walk and provides a thought provoking encounter with a loving God who can allow the young , innocent and good amongst us to die and yet remains a God of goodness and love . She allows that callousness , bitterness and resentment are normal responses to disappointments but paints a broad , loving and caring canvass that facilitates overcoming one 's own hurts and frustrations . I come away feeling refreshed and encouraged and recommend the book to anyone trying to cope with personal loss .
 For Christians who are looking for answers to some of life 's questions , or if you 're just looking to further enrich your Christian walk , this book is for you . The author covers the subjects of
 A person who writes with such depth of understanding has lived the `` reflective life '' and has been able to process the various experiences encountered . Catherine Marshall left a legacy treasured by any Christian who reads her work with an earnest , seeking mind . When she does n't know the answers and the mystery remains , she says so . Some things she does n't understand and is honest about it.From the perspective of Christian stewardship , she writes about the joy of being a channel of blessing to other people and the importance of giving , even if it is out of poverty . On using one 's talents she notes `` the essence of creativity is to seek Him first . '' She adds `` He will show us how to make the best use of our talents and create something that other people need or enjoy . '' He certainly did that with her talents . Her ministry continues posthumously . The books she 's contributed continue to bless those of us who are still on this side .
 I knew from the moment I heard the name of this book and read the other reviews that this was the next book God wanted me to read . I wondered how the three Amazon reviews could be about the same book , since they varied so . But in reading the first 5 chapters , I realized how Catherine Marshalls experiences shared throughout those 5 chapters , mirrored the walk of many Christians , and depending on what stage of sanctification you are in as you read it , different analogies , and experiences would reach you right where you are in your walk and speak to different people in different ways . I am amazed at how God uses different yet similar experiences in my own life to teach me many of the things Catherine learned . This book helped me to realize that God has the same things in mind for all of us because they are dear to His heart . He desires our obedience and that everything , EVERYTHING in our lives be submitted to Him , not because He is a control freak , but because it is for our own good . As I read the chapter where Catherine explains her struggle with another authors expression that `` God is in everything '' , it hit home . Recently God had taught me a phrase through Chip Ingram `` Nothing happens that God did not either allow or decree '' . As I read that chapter it reaffirmed what God was teaching me and I truly began to believe I was going to have to soon go through something ... I thought with my own child . Not two weeks later , my daughters boyfriend was killed in a freak accident . I found comfort in rereading this chapter in Catherines book and shared it with my daughter . God had laid this book in my hands to be the help that we were going to need to make it through . We are nowhere near the end , and neither have I read the end of the book , as our lives have been on hold for awhile , but I am certain through Catherine 's book , God will show us `` our hope and future '' and prove that God does indeed work for the good of those who love Him and are called according to His purpose . Catherine is definitely a Godsend and a true woman of God . Anyone desiring to deepen their walk with God -LRB- and understand what they are going through -RRB- should have a copy of this book !
 Missing the mark ... was I ever ! Are you , along with me , seeking a book that is vibrant and alive , yet , one designed to challenge your Christian walk ? This then is just such a book!Catherine Marshall 's chapter 3 , `` The Oughts and the Anys '' was the beginning of my conscience 's eye-opener . It was a real `` knee-jerk ! '' I literally went to my knees begging God to show me who I had n't forgiven . The revelation came the next morning as I awoke . Every time something triggered an old negative memory of someone 's offensive action or something I allowed to greatly annoy me , I would relive the entire incident , detail by detail . Yet , God forgives me my mistakes and refuses to recall them . I had some real homework to do!The next chapter that completed my moment of truth was entitled , `` The Law of the Generations . '' It brought me to the conclusion of why my prayers for my son were not being answered . Here is a quote from a list that a friend shared with Catherine : `` For now , do not ask anything for your son . He is God 's child as well as yours ; God loves him even more than you do . Turn him over completely to that light of Christ within him . `` Whenever you think of your son , picture the light spreading as God does His own work in this boy . `` When I remembered that God wants me to forgive as He forgives me , and that He ca n't listen to my requests unless I do , this book has changed my prayer life .
 arrived on time , excellent condition . This book will go down as a classic ... The first copy I had of this book was read so many times it eventually fell apart ! Not because it was not made well . but because I wore it out ... I LOVE this book and recommend it to everyone who is searching for `` something more '' than casual christianity and desires a deeper experience with God .
 This was a very inspirational , moving book . I would recommend it to anyone who wants to understand and deepen their faith in our Lord and Savior .
 To consider writing the `` maritime history of the world '' is one thing , but how to go about it is something else altogether . Covering some 7,000 years - i.e. from 5,000 BC to the present day , the vast subject of the world 's maritime history is set out in strict chronological order which is a great help when trying to find something specific.These two co-authors enjoy a high reputation in their field and there is no doubt that they have surpassed themselves in this exceptional and authoritative work . With a Bibliography which runs to 8 pages , this enormous undertaking is set out in two volumes . The basic concept is to identify and explain those dates or periods in history when - and where , significant milestones were achieved in terms of man 's endeavours as far as the sea was concerned . At the beginning of Volume 1 , the dates are not entirely exact - but nobody was actually keeping accurate records in 5,000 BC . As we progress through the book , however , and on into Volume 2 , so the dates do become more exact and the authors are able to include every important maritime event under it 's year ; Spanish Armada -LRB- 1588 -RRB- , Battle of Trafalgar -LRB- 1805 -RRB- and the loss of the USS Maine -LRB- 1898 -RRB- to mention just 3 important dates picked at random.From the earliest floating logs to the latest and biggest ships , they are all in here making this an important tool for anyone with an interest in ships and shipping.NM
 My kid found this very helpful for a school project . Another student in her class had the book and she wanted her own corp. .
 I purchased this book because I was writing a novel about the Native Americans who lived in the Finger Lake region f New York State . The book was helpful as far as gaining some insights into the life styles of these people . I really was not reading this book for its entertainment value .
 We have some native roots and my grandmother found this book fascinating . I bought her several Iroquois books from Amazon as a Christmas gift and she loved them all . She keeps calling me to tell me about them .
 Tehnetoren 's ` Legends of the Iroquois was devised to instruct Indian school children , and collects some favorite tales for curriculum purposes . Some of the character names clearly denote important historical encounters and events . When I went exploring the idea of the ` stone ' giants , I found information about American giants and armor skin that repelled stone tipped weapons . There 's far more behind that story than what is available to the casual observer.The assortment of symbols from Indian story telling found in this book seems to draw from various Eastern and Mid-western pictures/pictoglyphs and forms a unit on telling a story as a ` visual learner ` . I bought my copy from a market-place text book vender , and the student notes in the margin were puzzling around the story of two brothers who go out to hunt , and wind up inside the earth confronting a gigantic ferocious beast -LRB- a giant mouse . -RRB- Who has n't heard : `` the world will build a path to your door , if you build a better mouse trap . `` And to the early American , other metaphorically gigantic creatures -LRB- because they did and do defy eradication -RRB- also included flying insects . If you 've never watched the family film , ` Mouse Hunt ' , then you 've deprived yourself the laughter of being confronted with the absurdity and the irony of just how un-assailable is the mighty midget tyrannosaurus mouse . -LRB- O.K. I did n't have the patience to sit through all of it but it was recommended by the neighbor 's kids who played it over and over . -RRB- Mouse Hunt - DTS
 Halliday 's excellent introduction makes a historical survey of Shakespeare criticism . Halliday claims that new perceptions of Shakespeare were developed at fifty year intervals starting with his his contemporaries , then with Dryden in the Restoration , Pope in the Augustan Age , Johnson in the Age of Reason , and Coleridge in the Romantic Age . One of the surprising revelations is that it is only with Coleridge that Shakespeare is written and thought about primarily as a poet . It is Coleridge who too lays waste the conception that Shakespeare was a wild , careless genius with little concern for the artistic construction of his work.The second part of the work contains brief selections of criticisms about the individual plays.I found this work provides a sense of the overall development of Shakespeare criticism from its inception to the mid - twentieth century.A valuable work .
 Snake Eyes will rock and roll readers through the soul and controversy of Memphis on a twisting ride of adventures and thrills . Alex Stone , multi-talented private eye and main character , is fascinating . I could n't put it down until the last page was turned . If you are looking for a book with dimension that leaves you breathless , this is one !
 Snake Eyes ~ An Alex Stone MysteryJohn Jay RichardsonPublisher
 Alexander `` Alex '' Hamilton Stone , Memphis P.I. , keeps his nine-millimeter , Smith & Wesson , automatic locked and loaded at all times . Good thing since he is wanted for murders he did not commit.Gambling is still illegal in Memphis ; however , that may soon change . Tennessee State Senator Milton Barnstable chairs the committee that is determined to let gambling in . -LRB- `` Resolution 788 '' -RRB- Penelope `` Penny '' Harmon is Alex 's secretary . She is also the only one that has Alex seriously thinking about settling down . Alex could tell from the beginning that Penny was upset . Her mother is hospitalized , yet Penny ends showing up at the casino where Alex plays Santa , A.K.A. the homeless waif . Turns out her misery is connected with his.Through it all , Alex has recurring nightmares about Vietnam relating to a small , bomb laden girl . Alex stays sane by drawing upon his knowledge of Tai Chi , compliments of Master Li Yue Pang . ***** A modern day Dick Tracy meets Bruce Lee in the form of Alex Stone , P.I. . This story has several different forms of bad guys , such as dirty senators , gangster -LRB- triad -RRB- , bad cops , and computer geeks -LRB- of the highest order -RRB- . Why have the generic bad guy when you can have so much more ? As an added twist , Lou Diamond Phillips has a brief cameo as well.All-in-all , this is one fast paced and in depth novel that will keep its readers off center , yet unable to stop reading . Excellent ! ***** Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 October 29 , 2004Alexander Hamilton Stone , a modern-day Bogart type with a sense of humor is a private investigator in the city of Memphis , Tennessee . His reputation , based upon honesty , integrity , and a twenty-five year warranty on your new roof.Penelope Harmon is the superbly beautiful devoted secretary . She constantly gives off the aura that she has had a physical relationship with Hamilton in the past and that some of it still hangs around even though nothing has ever come of their `` friendly '' relationship.Hamilton receives a call from Detective Felton Isaac Bradshaw summoning him to 225 Dexter Avenue . Both men have known each other since grade school . Upon arriving at the requested location , Hamilton finds Bradshaw standing next to a barely discernible corpse.The oddity of this encounter is that Bradshaw allows Hamilton to move the body around , as well as handle evidence without the crime scene techs present . This does n't register with Hamilton until it is too late . He 's struck from behind.When Hamilton comes to , he discovers Bradshaw is dead!The same day
 Packed with great information.Great for people like myself just diagnosed with Celiac Diseasefunny friendly fact filled ! The one recommended by my nutritionist !
 I ordered two of these books . One for my daughter and one for me . I have really enjoyed reading this book so far . My daughter has a gluten allergy and we are pretty sure I do too . I have learned a lot so far about this allergy and how to manage it and I have only just started reading it . I like the fact it has suggestions of places you can buy your food and products so you can make your own food if you want to and where most people like to shop and what products they find especially good . It 's hard to find someone to help you through this process when you have been diagnosed with a gluten allergy . Thanks and will recommend this book to many other people .
 I bought this book a few months after I was diagnosed with celiac disease , and it has helped me soooo much . All the questions my doctor could n't answer were right here . And the writing was conversational , almost as if the author was right next to me.When I say this book covers everything I mean every aspect you might worry about is here . From the basics of do not eat wheat , barley , or rye , to the slightly more complex fact that glutinous rice flour is OK . Also , how to shop gluten-free ... and then how to cook gluten-free ... but also , how to eat out gluten-free and travel gluten-free . But that 's still only the beginning . The book goes over some `` touchy feely '' aspects of gluten intolerance . How to
 I gave this as a gift to my daughter in law because my granddaughter is allergic to wheat . She says it is a great reference and help
 This was the first book we bought after our diagnosis . -LRB- A Year Ago -RRB- It was very helpful in figuring out our new lifestyle !
 I have read the other reviews of this book , and while I appreciate everyone 's opinions I must say that this book helped me immensely ! I am new to the gluten free life . I have been ill for two years and am just finding out that gluten is one of my issues . I had NO prior knowledge and this book did a lot to allay my fears . I have n't read Against the Grain , so I can not compare the two . Jax made me laugh often , even through my tears . I recommend it for those just starting out .
 This book is a must have for those living gluten freee . It covers everything from diet , doctors , to social situations .
 Jax updates her `` Against the Grain '' success story ! It 's the first resource to get when one is newly diagnosed with gluten intolerance or wheat sensitivity . Jax writes with intelligence , knowledge , sensitivity , creativity and wit about the gluten-free lifestyle . She tells it like it is ; the gluten-free diet is very do-able , but attitude is everything . You 'll enjoy learning with Jax as your guide in this GLUTEN-FREE BIBLE . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 ... it would be The Gluten-Free Bible ! Why ? Because everything else I 've ever read takes itself too seriously , is too preachy and just plain boring . It says on the back cover that Jax Peters Lowell is a novelist . From the first sentence to the last , it 's clear that we are in the hands , not only of a long-time celiac , but of a seriously good writer . This book is readable , smart , honest , laugh-out-loud funny , even poignant in places , and it 's packed with so many resources and common sense advice , it would take a lifetime to make use of it all . Which is exactly the point with a diet for life . I never thought I would say I could n't put down a book about living gluten-free , but I could n't . Thank you , Jax !
 I find it strange that some of these negative or one star reviewers stated the supposed facts they understood from the book . Did they even read it or skim along , get into an angry frenzy and decide to write a review ? Their reviews could n't be more inaccurate . Over and over again , Jax lets you know that it 's not okay to be subjected to just eating the topping of something without the crust or the insides of a sandwich . She writes to be prepared , but to also express your feelings when others expect you to be ok eating contaminated food , or eating around the dangerous parts of their dishes . Although I find some of her dialogue or self-back patting to rub against my grains , I still very much enjoyed her book and will not only suggest others should read it , but hold onto it for future reference . I guess read it and research anything you find questionable since it was published in 2005 , things change , facts change . Otherwise , enjoy .
 I really like this book . It treats a serious problem with a sense of humor , giving practical advice and support . There are references to self help organizations as well as resources to find gluten free products .
 This book contains essential information for the person with Celiac Disease or Gluten Intolerance . You will find dozens of new recipes from top chefs ! `` Lowell discusses the intricacies of shopping , traveling , eating out happily , dining in safely , buying cosmetics , negotiating prescription drugs , and parenting as or for a celiac . `` The Gluten-Free Bible presents new research and the latest theories from experts . Lowell writes with a sense of humor , describles common gluten-free experiences , and guides us to gluten-free solutions with encouraging words.The Gluten-Free Bible is a must read for anyone with a gluten-free lifestyle ! I guarantee you will be enlightened and entertained !
 Celiac disease is the root of possibly 300 diseases . Approx 50 % of caucasian and 80 % of black population have it . You do n't need expensive tests to find out . Just follow the book and eliminate all gluten from your diet for at least 3 weeks . And see how you feel . It took 3 days for my blood pressure to normalize . And I thought I was eating properly . Anyone with 2 or more chronic diseases should try this.It will increase your wellness !
 I have a family history of auto-immune disorders and have started developing them myself . This book was recommended by some other family members and I have read it and passed it on to more family who need it ! Great book !
 This book was excellent if you have just been diagnosed with Celiac Disease . There is so much information that is helpful . I would recommend this book to anyone that has the disease or if you have a loved on with the disease . There are recipes , stories and many other notes of interest . A must buy .
 This book is great ! I have numerous friends whose lives were changed by it . Must be read and owned by anyone with these issues .
 Came fast and in great shape . This is turning out to be a bible for anyone on a gluten free diet .
 I have been collecting all kinds of Celiac and gluten free books . This is another great one to add to my collection .
 THIS BOOK IS AMAZING MOST OF MY QUESTIONS WERE RIGHT THEIR TO HELP NOT EASY TO CHANGE LIFE CHOICES BUT THIS BOOK IS GOING TO MAKE IT MUCH EASIER
 This is an absolute must for anyone who needs a quick , yet thorough guide to the many ways gluten-free living affects your life and the lives of those around you . The recipes in it are great , the helpful tips are priceless , and Lowell 's sense of humor and understanding is really refreshing . I bought a copy for my grandmother , who at almost 80 , has finally acknowledged the extent of how gluten has affected her . I have recommended it to co-workers who are gluten intolerant , and to folks I 've encountered who have family members who are celiacs , and need help understanding how to deal with it . Also a huge help in understanding how to take control of your treatment and get the best care possible from your doctors !
 I have been on the gluten-free diet for 9 months now and I 've bought many books on the topic , including all the wonderful Hagman cookbooks . But , until I found this book , I felt a bit lost . The Gluten-Free Bible reads like you 're talking to your best friend who just happens to know all you need to know about the GF diet . Finally I have a source that can answer all the little questions that my doctor did n't have the time or experience to answer himself . I recommend this book highly . I think the negative reviews here are a bit silly -- no single book is going to be a `` holy grail '' of information for Celiacs . This one comes very close , but I 'm sure Jax Peters Lowell would advise all her readers to double-check everything and take responsibility for their own health .
 This was a gift to my daughter who has been diagnosed with celiac disease.She says it is a wonderful resource .
 This book really helped me when I was new to Celiac Disease . It has a lot of useful info .
 The Gluten Free Bible is a handy dandy resource for Celiacs and their families and friends . It 's all about education . The Gluten Free Bible is a wealth of information and answers the questions you did n't even know you had .
 When I was diagnosed with CD and very lost , especially in dealing with family and restaurants , Jax Peters Lowell 's first book , Against the Grain , was recommended to me . Her encouragement and wit helped me to take charge of my condition and my life . I highly recommnend this newer version . I find this book so helpful that I keep it on my sideboard and pick it up from time to time to read and remind myself of coping with the condition of celiac disease.I 'm a very sensitive celiac and must guard against cross-contamination . The section of the book that tells the story of getting gluten from kissing was such a help -- I 've had this happen with my husband , after he 's been unable to stay away the butter cookies at a party . Thanks to Lowell 's testament and guidance , I 've been able to explain things to my family and to enlist their help in what needs to be done to keep me healthy.The section on other auto-immune diseases is also very helpful.CurtissAnn in OK
 Great book ! Very helpful for people who ca n't eat gluten . It is a life saver .
 I LOVED THE BOOK . IT HELPED ME UNDERSTAND THE PROBLEMS THAT WE HAVE AS CELIACS . IT GAVE ME IDEAS ON HOW TO SOLVE SOME OF THE PROBLEMS THAT ARISE WITH EATING IN A RESTAURANT OR EATING AT A FRIEND 'S HOUSE . I HAVE PASSED IT ON TO A FRIEND THAT WAS RESENTLY DIAGONSED WITH CELIAC . THANK YOU .
 Jax Peters Lowell has done an excellent job of providing a comprehensive resource for people with celiac disease . She mixes facts with humour and manages to make life with celiac disease seem like an adventure , rather than a curse.Not only are the basics here -LRB- safe and unsafe foods , related medical problems , internet resources , etc. -RRB- but she also deals with the emotional side of celiac disease and its effect on relationships with family and friends . After reading the first chapter , I bought an extra copy for my father , who also has celiac disease.For those who are newly diagnosed , I think that this book is an excellent place to start , and all celiacs can benefit from Jax Peters Lowell 's take on the disease .
 I started with Bette Hagman 's books and was under-whelmed , to say the least . If you want plain ol' comfort food , Bette is the place to go , but for my tastebuds and style of dining , Jax is the WOMAN !! Do n't appologize for your illness and do n't say it 's `` just '' anything . I followed her advise , recently and a 5 star , fixed price , 9 course dinner was designed especially around my needs ! It was liberating , not to mention one of the most fabulous meals I have ever had . Everyone else had their goat cheese wrapped in a pasta sheet , mine was wrapped in nettle leaves . Everyone else had fancy herbed breads , I had fresh cornbread HOT from the oven . More than a few people asked why I was so `` special '' and my husband kept trying to steal my cornbread.You CAN still live with this diagnosis and live quite well , I might add . Jax gives you the tools to do it .
 Jax Lowell knows what it is to be a celiac . She knows how it feels to give up our favorite foods , to be the one who ca n't eat the stuffing , who ca n't run out for pizza with the gang from the office , to stand at what she calls `` the fork in the road '' and worry you 'll never eat or be normal again . Reading this book I felt I was in the hands of a really smart , super positive friend , guiding me , reassuring me , teasing me , challenging me , pointing the way to great food , safe restaurants , support groups , letting me know I 'm not crazy and I 'm certainly not alone . My copy of The Gluten-Free Bible is already worn from reading aloud to family members who want to learn how to help me .
 The ` Gluten-Free Bible ' is a must-read . Jax Lowell has the knack of taking a dry subject and making it absolutely hilarious ! Her insight is incredible . She tells us how to live life happily and successfully being gluten-free . I have been a celiac for 9 years and have read almost every self-help book written on the subject , but never have I read one that gives detailed and practical advice as this book . She lists references and sources for everything . Her approach is optimistic and encouraging . Jax-I do n't know how long it took you to write this book , but I sincerely thank you for your effort and dedication . The information in this book has been enlightening and so very helpful .
 I am a celiac and the mother of a celiac and the daughter of aceliac . 3 generations of wheat deprived women living under the sameroof . And for the most part , it has n't been easy . So when you comeacross a book like The Gluten-Free Bible , it 's time to be reallythankful . So many great tips , so much good advice and so well writtenthat the three of us found it a pleasure to read -- and funny to boot!Lowell has a great sense of humor and a sensible , quirky approach tothe subject . She takes the disease seriously -- but not herself.There 's plenty of very targeted information for all three of us , eventhough our `` sensitivity levels '' are very different . Bless Jax Lowelland her new Bible . It will be the second most important bible in thishousehold .
 If I knew Jax Peters Lowell 's address I would send her a dozen roses for writing her wonderful new book.Last week my doctor gave me the grim diagnosis that I was a celiac . No more wheat or gluten -- FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE !!!!! I was devastated . Who could live life like that ? But my wonderful , wonderful doctor who happens to be a celiac himself , gave me his own -LRB- brand new ! -RRB- copy of Jax Peters Lowell 's just published book , `` The Gluten-Free Bible '' . I have read it cover to cover -- TWICE ! in 8 days . I now know that life without wheat and gluten can be just as satisfying as life with it -- even when you go out to eat ! It 's chock full of great recipes and tips on getting delicious , gluten-free meals at restaurants -- in any country ! And tells you how to help your friends and family to understand and cooperate with your new eating lifestyle . After reading this I know I ' ll be doing a lot better than just coping . From now on this book is my gluten-free bible ... and I shall not want .
 Jax Lowell has done it again . The Gluten Free Bible is an engaging and instructive book ; a worthy successor to 1995 's Against the Grain . As the wife of a celiac , I am always looking for current information on the disease ; as a former English major , I appreciate good writing . The Gluten Free Bible satisfies on both counts.From laugh-out-loud headings -LRB- `` Fear of Frying '' -RRB- , to common sense advice on daily living -LRB- `` discuss , do n't demand '' special requests when dining out -RRB- , to touching vignettes of her own journey with celiac , Jax packs this latest book with valuable information and sass.Framing her points with deft humor and insight , Jax makes the concept of living with celiac seem somehow less formidable . She understands that , by laughing at fear , one shrinks it to a manageable size .
 What a wonderful , easy book to read . And so helpful . So many books and articles on this subject are just too plain technical and boring to read . Not the Gluten-Free Bible . It is clear , easy-to-understand and very engaging . I really appreciate how the author relates the issues of living gluten-free to everyday life . It is an intelligent book that is fun to read and very , very informative at the same time . I have never written a book review before , but I am so impressed with The Gluten-Free Bible that I want to share these thoughts with everyone and I intend to rush out to buy the other books by this insightful , witty writer . Enjoy ! To your health !
 Jax Peters Lowell has recreated her first-of-its-kind user friendly training manual for Celiacs into a cutting edge factual and frank but encouraging and entertaining guidebook . Exhaustively researched , it contains all the latest information on living gluten free in today 's world . Learning how to cope with family holidays , traveling and denial can be overwhelming to a newly diagnosed Celiac , and Jax 's new Bible reads as easily as her wonderful novel `` Mothers '' , and yet informs , reassures and gives us Celiacs the tools we need to make a happy life for ourselves . -LSB- ... -RSB- I credit her with saving my life 8 years ago with `` Against The Grain '' , and now the `` Gluten Free Bible '' with its updated contact lists , travel and restaurant information and just plain encouragement and positive spin will guide the newest generation of Celiacs to good health . We all are immensely indebted to her .
 Nella Bielski 's new novel will be noted for its ingenious plotting , concision of style , and use of historical scenes . But just as a life is n't a only series of discrete events but also a not completely comprehended network of perceptions , notions and emotions , this novel adds up to much more than its wonderfully handled novelistic elements . In this story , the historical and political forces of Europe , mainly during World War II , play upon the characters , moving them about ; the characters push back with what is in their nature . It is their natures that are inevitable , not their fates . The same holds true for the voice telling this story . It withholds from us the too easy gratifications of character analysis and categorization ; it offers the more rich pleasures of the feeling of experience , with its limitations and exertions . I approached this novel mainly because John Berger co-translated it -- and if you 're familiar with his remarkable essays and novels , you 'll also enjoy sensing his hand at work here .
 This novel is beautifully done . I immediately read it twice through . It 's short and slightly elliptical . The first main character is a loyal German Army officer who fought in WW I and comes to hate and fear the Nazis . The second main character is a Ukranian pediatrician who was born in the old regime and lives through the 1917 revolution , its forward looking first fifteen years and then the repressions and horrors of the Stalin years . None of the above , however , really tells you what the novel is about because it 's about the interior as well as the exterior life of the main characters .
 As if written by a beautiful butterfly enticing the reader by sensing the tale through a veil of history , humanity and inference . Three lives until the end when the force of generations becomes clear and affecting .
 Verne Carlson was not , strictly speaking , a cowboy . He was a well-known and respected cameraman in Hollywood , and his books on lighting and lenses are collectible masterworks.This book , too is collectible , and should be selling for a lot more than it is . Verne was an Old West buff - his love of food and his interest in the Old West led him to collect various recipes and compile them into a book that is one of the best of its kind.I have personally seen old saddlebums near tears while reading some of the recipes that Verne included in this book
 I tried some of the recipes in the book and they were great . My family really liked them . I will put this in my camper and use it on summer days .
 This book has some OLD Skool mountain man type recipes ... 1 lb of brain , 1 lb . of heart , some red pepper ... I 'm giving this book put as gifts to my outdoorsy type friends and family
 Boys Themselves
 Ruhlman brings the complexities of prep school to life in a manner in which few writers have accomplished . I both attended and have worked within some of the country 's most notable prep schools . After my first year as an Upper School Head , I sat down one day and read the book cover to cover . Ruhlman 's protrait of the teachers and students is fascinating . He takes the time to develop characters , especailly the indefteabable head of school , Richard Hawley . Ruhlman goes beyond just reporting what he sees . He engages himself and others in a dialgue that constantly questions the ethos of the school . In one interesting scence , he describes how a senior speech got out of control . Ruhlman gives us the fallout from this display of `` entitlement disorder '' from all the angles ; students , teachers and administrators . Ruhlman also takes the time to venture into the debate over single-sex education . He handles this challenge with grace . However , for me this book was more like an ethnography of a school . Ruhlman provides the reader with a fascinating behind the scences account of a most interesting school . The appeal of this book should be wider than prep school audieance . However , if you are interested in independent school education this is a must read . Bravo to Ruhlman for doing justice to such a complex subject .
 The New Testament with Psalms and Proverbs is exactly what I needed for evening devotions and as a travel book , small enough to be unobtrusive but containing just what I use for my devotions
 If you are looking for a compact , pocket-sized copy of the New Testament , Psalms & Proverbs , this is a good one . The ESV is a respected , accurate translation . This copy is nicely bound and should last awhile with careful use . Of course , given the size , the text is on the small side . But that is the concession in the purchase of a pocket New Testament . Finally , the price is right .
 I must confess that I have always harbored a deep love of barns ; maybe it simply out of a longing for a simpler time , and all that farms and their barns represent , or maybe because I am a habitual packrat and I 'd love to have all that storage ! Regardless of the reason , when I saw this book as soon-to-be-released , I got in touch with the publisher and was able to see an advance copy . The photographs took my breath away , and the wide array of barns and geographical regions of the USA that it showcased really drove home that these historic buildings not only need to be preserved , but that in doing so , we can truly enrich our architectural lexicon . It features every kind of barn known to man , from round barns and dairy barns to onion and tobacco barns , all of which have been loving reclaimed and restored into warm and inviting spaces for a new generation . This book should not only graxe your coffee table , it should be read cover to cover by anybody with a love for historic structures and Americana .
 I was enchanted with this fascinating book on barn conversions . Barns are great relics from our past , conveying a sense of history , but many have been ruined by weather , time , and neglect . I did n't realize how many creative architects and owners have made barns useful for both residential and commercial use through renovation and restoration . The intrinsic character of these old barns brings an integrity and charm rarely seen in new construction . In many gorgeous illustrations , Rooney describes the history of barns , their adornment -LRB- who knew that it was all because of a 9th century pope that there are so many roosters on weathervanes ? -RRB- , and their use as gorgeous residences and fascinating commercial and establishments - including an architectural office , inns , and even a funeral chapel . One entrepreneur even used several to develop an office complex . If you love barns and if you like to see the past preserved in the present , you will love this book .
 It seems the earned province of Canadian women writers to cut to the heart of gender , race , and class privilege . In the title piece -LRB- I would not call it a story in the traditional character/plot sense -RRB- Schoemperlen explores a series of intangibles , among them faith , prayer , and hope , and very subtly weaves them into an indictment of middle class privilege . In a later story , `` Count Your Blessings -LRB- a Fairy Tale -RRB- '' Schoemperlen , in a twist reminiscent of the best Roald Dahl stories , cuts the heart out of the woman who has everything and is still unhappy . These stories are well-written , and are accompanied by clever old woodcut clip art . But unlike many short story collections , this is not an `` easy '' book , for the reader , and I suspect , for the author as well . The book jacket describes her work as `` electric '' -- the prospective reader would do well to remember that electricity can shock as well as enlighten .
 Diane Schoemperlen said she found inspiration for this book when her young son asked her how come her books never have any pictures . She then had the brilliant idea to wrap short stories around antique drawings , 100 year old catalogue pictures and illustrations from the original Gray 's Anatomy . The results are stories that are compelling on their own but are perfectly enhanced by the pictures put in them . A great gift or coffee table book to be flipped through again and again .
 After reading Schoemperlen 's Language of Love I could n't wait to read her new book . I was NOT disappointed . All of the magic and insight and wonder and irony is there . Later when I took a walk on the beach , everything seemed magnified . The sun and a grain of sand were suddenly about the same size and equally amazing .
 I found out about this author while reading a collection of shorts stories from 1998 with a forward from Garrison Keillor . Her short `` Body Language '' was included and it was the most impacting story of the bunch . This full collection does not disappoint !
 I 've read more than 1000 books over the years and this remains as one of my favorites . I love this book so much that I sometimes just read it out loud to myself . Seriously , the flow of the words is that good . It saddens me greatly that this book is somewhat difficult to obtain .
 I bought this book at a discount outlet on a whim -- years later , I find myself suggesting it for class reading in graduate school . While the stories are playful , inventive , strange , the important thing to note is that the writing is beautiful , simply beautiful . I especially love her story , `` How to Write a Serious Novel About Love , '' which will make you look at a teacup in a completely different way .
 FORMS OF DEVOTION IS A WONDERFUL BOOK . DIANNE SCHOEMPERLEN TAKES THE SIMPLEST TOPICS AND MAKES THEM INTERESTING AND BEAUTIFUL . I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK .
 the observattions of relationships are so accurate that they casue you to nod in agreement when you read this book .
 I first read this book when I was an instructional design student in 1972 . Gagne and Briggs ' definitions of types of learning and of learning processes are ageless . Even in the era of constructivist ID , this book contributes an important bridge between fundamentals of psychology and the structuring of learning experiences and environments . Where would I be today without ` reverse chaining ' ? Probably at the end of my leash !
 ... have referred to this book many times since purchasing . ... wish I 'd found it earlier in my studies . It 's been a great resource .
 This book is very nice and has a lot of valuable information . Very helpful and well written , I use it often in the design process .
 The book was new and in perfect condition . The price was well below that of many competitors . It was sent in a timely manner . I would gladly buy from this company again .
 The 5th edition of Principles of Instructional Design is now in print and includes two new authors , Dr. Katharine Golas , and Dr. John M. Keller . The new edition puts Gagne & Briggs into a current context . -LRB- This review was written by the other author , Walter Wager -RRB- .
 A.W. Pink 's `` The Life of David '' is a wonderful study in the life of the great King of Israel . The book can be used in so many ways
 In this unique conbination of biography , commentary , & devotional , Arthur Pink offers an intimate view of the many sides of David . The shepherd , the soldier , the king and the sinner are revealed in a way that cuts to the heart of life 's greatest problems .
 Besides the bible , this is one of my all time favorite books !! A.W. Pink is a great author !! A must read for any Christian who would like to devulge more deeply in a `` Man After God 's Own Heart ! `` 10 stars ! **********
 Does n't get much better than this . What a blessing I have recieved from Pink 's expositional approach to this great King 's life .
 A trifle wordy and sometimes repetitive but basically scriptural and certainly insightful ! I heartily recommend this to the more than casual reader !
 A.W. Pink is outstanding in all his works especially in this one . He has a gift of tremendous insight into The Life of David from Start to Finish . This is a must for any student of the Scripture , Brother Pink can be a bit hard to understand at times but there is a blessing guaranteed in his works . He was a man rejected of his generation , dies a poor man in a small rented apartment but His Works have stood the test of time in fact he is more popular now than he was in life .
 this book is a must for an avid bible student , i , ve just started it along with my college course , s at andersonville seminary , the life of david tells of the battles and victories we all will face as christians .
 I read this series in junior high and loved it . Very original and very unique take on the secret agent genre . The main character is given the chance to be a top operative for a clandestine organization . Dying of cancer , he is given the opportunity to move his mind into cloned bodies . The only catch
 This software contains exceptionally well-written questions . I found the options included in the package to be equally useful .
 `` To be both primitive and sophisticated is almost always a sign of religious genius . '' -LRB- a favorite quote from OOTS -RRB- When I first read this book in 1993 , it expressed wonderfully just about everything I 'd ever thought , half-thought , or vaguely suspected about the sacred and the human psyche and their interactions at the most primal levels.The author is a professor of literature , and he approaches the subject more like a poet than a scholar of religion , which no doubt makes for its own set of flaws ; but I quite enjoyed the book 's refreshingly personal and passionate note.More than merely thought-provoking , the work is beautiful and even thrilling at times -- ruffled by the Divine breath of pneuma , indeed . I recommend it as a unique addition to the library of serious Pagans , pan -LRB- en -RRB- theists , polytheists , nature mystics , and/or deep ecologists .
 I am kicking myself for ever loaning out this book !!! After three years without it , I 've decided I must purchase it again.Origins of the Sacred was one of the most unique books I ever read combining both evolutionary biology with a development of the sacred and profane -- Eliade , Campbell , Jung
 scholarly , well-researched , often humorous look at development of human notions of what is sacred and how it became so .
 To many people Mr. Young 's thesis will seem to be outlandish . Yet , he is the one author I know of who actually tries to seek out the origins of religion using modern research into chimpanzee behavior . I wonder what Jane Goodall thinks of it ? First there was Freud 's Totem and Taboo , a mere root to Young 's amazing tree . As he writes , '' ... the Darwinian-Freudian-Foxian root-stock on to which I would graft the story of alpha-shaman . '' I 'm not sure exactly how to take him , but it is dazzling stuff . Since there was no impartial observer in the Garden of Eden , perhaps he is correct .
 In our time , the rational mind has pushed aside the intuitive mind in seeking to conquer the planet and appropriate its resources to our ends . We become increasingly comfortable as well as increasingly alienated . Our planet is at risk.Young seeks to address the crises of our time by attempting to trace the history of our understanding of and relationship to the sacred starting with what we observe in the apes and stopping at ancient Greece . I 'm inclined to label it essentially a work in anthropology.If I 've understood him correctly , the crux of the theory is this . To the primitive mind , the fascinating encounter with the transcendent that he calls ` sacred ' is essentially violent and dangerous . The two points at which we routinely encounter the sacred are war and sex . He would say that sex is analogous to war . We seek through both an encounter with the divine . When we open ourselves to the divine without proper ritual , it is destructive to society . Marriage and organized religion both sit uneasily with us and serve as valves which admit enough sacredness to assuage our longing , but permit it only within well-defined constraints . Without an effective religion , the male is prone to fulfill his needs outside the legal boundaries and explode into rampant violence . However , in modern times , the effectiveness of religion has been severely compromised by the scientific mind , and the leakage is seen both in the great wars of the 20th Century , as well as in the pleasure we take at ravaging the environment , which we enjoy for the same reasons we enjoy rape.His work is an attempt to understand and address where we 're at by tracing how we got here .
 I HIGHLY recommend this book . As a parent of three grown children and a new grandmother , I certainly thought I had read everything on this subject -- I practically raised my kids with my Dr. Spock in hand . But I decided to buy this new book for my daughter because it covers more than just runny noses and fevers . It 's the only book I 've found that gets you right inside your kids ' heads and shows you what they 're thinking about , and why they do what they do , at every age . Wish it had come out when my kids were young .
 Your Child is one of the best books I have ever picked up to read ! My toddler and I were experiencing some difficulties at home , which is why I purchased the book . After reading this wonderful map through childhood , I believe we are both going to be just fine . It gives hope to parents that we really are doing a good job at raising our kids in todays world . And if we are n't , it gives great advise on how to seek help . This is n't your typical `` self-help '' book !
 I was very impressed by this book , and found its focus on child development fascinating . I was especially pleased to see this book avoid the trap of preaching to caregivers or espousing any specific how-to gimmicks . Instead , this book offers reasonable advice and a somewhat relaxed take on parenting , which I find quite welcome .
 Your Child , provides the parent with a comprehensive guide on raising child .
 Hard Times by Charles Dickens . Published by MobileReference -LRB- mobi -RRB- . Hard Times is told so compassionately . The reader cares for these people and their tragic lives . The story is also told with biting humor that still cuts at today 's society . I would certainly recommend this novel to fans of Dickens and to fans of the truly literary novel .
 Readers should always remember that while reading . Instead of the usual monthly periodical installments with room to spare , `` Hard Times '' was done in weekly installments with a very limited space allotment , for the newspaper `` Household Words . '' Dickens found the combined pressure of time and space nearly intolerable , given the breadth and depth of his vision for needed social reform . One can only imagine how much better , fuller , and more satisfying this book would have been -- in plot , character-development , dramatic impact -- if Dickens had written it as 900 pages over two years , rather than 300 pages in five months .
 This book at times was challenging to read due to its drab setting -LRB- Victorian England -RRB- and heavy -LRB- read
 Although critics dislike Dickens ' novels for their twisted , drawn-out plots and his maddening penchant for creating soap-operas in the midst of otherwise realistic plots , these faults must be considered in light of the genre that Dickens wrote for
 I think everyone can agree right from the start that `` Hard Times '' is not Charles Dickens 's greatest work . It is certainly nothing compared to works of a similar length , such as `` Tale of Two Cities '' or `` Great Expectations . '' But even Dicken 's lesser works are gems , although a bit less refined.The tale spreads across three households , the upright and serious Gradgrind family , the wealthy blowhard Joseph Bounderby of Coketown , and the dismal , poverty stricken Stephen Blackpool and his wretched , drunken wife . Gradgrind is all facts , and raises his children to be without imagination or wonder . Bounderby , a self-proclaimed self-made man is all appearances , having dragged himself out of the gutter into station . Blackpool is all honesty , unable to commit even the smallest wrong that would bring his own happiness.Into this mix are thrown two strays , the orphaned but lighthearted Sissy Jupe and the immoral and charismatic James Harthouse . They are the catalyst for the downfall of the orderly lives built by Gradgrind and Bounderby , and the further descent of Blackpool . No good deed goes unpunished in `` Hard Times , '' but neither does an ill deed go rewarded.Dickens 's shortest novel , `` Hard Times '' is only a small investment of time to spend with such rich characters . Lacking the light-hearted balance from his longer novels , the short length is a relief as too much more dreariness could be an undoing . At the same time , a deeper exploration of the lives and philosophies of the storyline would have made for a richer experience .
 It is unfortunate that HARD TIMES by Charles Dickens is not usually read outside the classroom . It is an unforgettable glimpse of an age that did not prize the worth of the individual over a collective society -- sort of like today 's emphasis on the same . What stamps HARD TIMES as the classic that it is is Dickens ' continual focus on the rights of the individual and his championing of anti-child labor laws . In an age that routinely crushed individuals in the grinding gears of a society that was hell-bent on automating the factory system , it was only lone voices like Charles Dickens who , in his novels , cried out to stop the madness . In HARD TIMES , Dickens takes a savagely satirical poke at a then popular system of thought
 Hard Times is a fantastic account of how social history intemingles with economic and politcal history as Dickens is a noted writer for the politcal atmostphere of Victorian Britain . This book takes a hard shot at Utilitarinism and with good reason . The imagery and description in this book are simply brillant . A definate read if you want a look at how it was in the Victorian Era .
 This is a totally honest book of life between the lower and upper class . Having lived in the United Kingdom for more than 4 years , I truly appreciate Dicken 's description of the physical environements of Coketown . It has so much resemblance of present day London 's buildings , especially with regards to the North and South part of the city from Zone two onwards , except for the trailing serpents of smoke.As to the characters so vividly presented and the conversations that were exchanged between them in the course of the narration , I just enjoy the satire on fat old Bounderby , the game being turned upon the Gradgrinds , I think mainly to shame Mr old Tom Gradgrind for his stiff-necked beliefs in ` hard facts ' . The consoling fact is he did learnt his lessons.Poor Mrs Gradgrind . It was a pity that she had to be killed off so soon in the story . If she had been alive till the end , what would she say to her daughter 's divorce , her son 's connection with the bank robbery and Bounderby big fat lies ? Probably nothing but something she would never hear the last of!I do n't know much on how to comment with a literature eye , but I think Dickens did write pretty well here . I would not hesitate to read it again but since I still have a lot of other books to peruse , I may just as well skip this second reading till later ...
 While this is certainly one of Dickens ' shorter novels , that does not stop me from considering it an exquisite masterpiece . In all honesty `` Hard Times '' -LRB- 1854 -RRB- is full of chilling passages and convincing characters such as Thomas and Louisa Gradgrind . There is not one single dull moment . Also , every chapter is full of striking images . In addition , the suspense and dramatic irony are well placed . To be sure , many of Dickens ' full length books such as `` Dombey & Son '' -LRB- 1848 -RRB- and `` Bleak House '' -LRB- 1853 -RRB- are exquisite as well . But , do n't let the thin length of `` Hard Times '' fool you . It is a masterpiece and one I highly recommend !
 I initially lamented the fact that Hard Times was assigned to me in my British lit . class . I had read some of Dickens 's melodramas like A Tale of Two Cities and Oliver Twist and enjoyed them , but everything I heard about Hard Times said this was nothing like those . This was supposedly just strictly social commentary . My interpretation of that
 `` Hard Times '' belongs to the second half of Dickens 's writing career , in which his work becomes rather more somber and , by common critical assent , more mature and satisfying . Personally , I prefer his earlier work and his very first novel , `` Pickwick Papers '' , is to my mind his greatest . Surprisingly , `` Hard Times '' , despite its title and reputation , contains some brilliant flashes of Dickens humour , especially in the earlier part . The descriptions of Bounderby and Gradgrind , and the early dialogue with the circus folk , are genuinely hilarious.This is Dickens 's shortest novel , about a third of the length of each of his previous four . Themes , subplots and characters are introduced without being fully explored . The author was perhaps feeling the constraints of writing in installments for a periodical , although he was well used to doing that . This relative brevity , together with the youth of some of the central characters , make this book a good introduction to Dickens for young readers.There are the large dollops of Victorian melodrama and the reliance on unlikely coincidences that mar much of Dickens 's work . Also the usual tendency for characters to become caricatures and to have names that are a little too apt -LRB- a teacher called Mr. McChoakumchild ? -RRB- . The respected critic F.R. Leavis considered `` Hard Times '' to be Dickens 's masterpiece and `` only serious work of art '' . This seems to me wildly wrong , but such an extreme opinion may prompt you to read the book , just so that you can form your own opinion.I read it because I had just finished `` The Jungle '' by Upton Sinclair , which deals with the plight of Chicago factory workers , and I wanted to compare the two . Sinclair 's book has greater immediacy . It takes you much closer to the suffering of the workers . In the Dickens novel , the mill workers and their plight are distanced ; they are relegated to being the background to a family drama , which is what really interests the author . A third , and still greater work , that examines the same themes , is Zola 's `` Germinal '' . I recommend all three . Together , they give real insight into the social conditions that led to the proletarian political and revolutionary movements of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
 Dickens creates a novel that virtually revolutionizes literature of the 1800 's . At a time where most writers wrote in a stuffy prose full of unrealities and a jaded outlook , Dickens dares to tell with honesty what he sees through his window.Hard Times has yet a misleading title . It gives one ideas of harshness , depression , poverty , and social decline -- although the actual reality of then-London , still not something you would choose to read . However , Hard Times has as much depression and poverty as any of Dickens ' other works . It is just in this case that Dickens chooses to remind the world that in the deepest despair there is beauty yet to be seen.Dickens was a strange author . In his supposedly inspiring books , you get an overdose of sadness , and in his depressing books , you find beauty . It is this case with Hard Times.It is a poor , honest man 's search for justice in a world where only the rich have merit . It is a girl 's search for true love while battling the arranged marriage for money . And lastly , a woman 's search for recognition against her favored , yet dishonest brother . It is these searches that at last come together and become fufilled . And , while at the same time telling a captivating story , it comments on the then -- and still now -- presence of greed and total dishonesty one has to go through for money.The title of this review sums up Hard Times . Its beauty comes from the pure searches for truth , the sorrow comes from the evil the characters most overcome to get there , and the honesty is both the truth with which Dickens portrays life and the the overwhelming truth that these protaganists create.Holly Burke , PhD.Clinical Psychologist , Abnormal Psych . ProfessorGeorgetown University , Johns Hopkins Inst .
 Always concerned with issues of class , social injustice , and employment , Dickens shows in Hard Times , written in 1854 , a broader concern with the philosophies and economic movements which underlie those issues . Three parallel story lines reflect a broad cross-section of society and its thinking.Mr . Thomas Gradgrind runs a school founded upon the principles of rationalism , a belief in the importance of facts , the antithesis of romantic `` fancy '' and imagination . Basically a good man , he denies the importance of emotion -- for himself , his children , and his students . Only Student # 20 , Sissy Jupe , the daughter of a circus clown , fails to conform to his notions , and in a hilarious , satiric scene at the beginning of the novel , Dickens shows the absurdity of Gradgrind 's teachings.Gradgrind 's friend , Mr. Bounderby , is a banker and factory owner , aged fifty , who claims to have risen from the gutter to his present lofty position through hard work . Bounderby treats the employees of his Coketown factory as machines , rather than as humans , and his eventual marriage to the teenaged Louisa Gradgrind is seen by both as a marriage of `` tangible fact , '' having nothing to do with affection.The third story line involves Stephen Blackpool , a worker in Bounderby 's factory , trapped in a marriage to an alcoholic who periodically appears and extorts money from him . Stephen is in love with Rachael , an adoring factory worker , but his appeal to Bounderby for help in ending his marriage is met with cold , rational pronouncements . Shortly after , Bounderby fires Stephen `` for a novelty , '' forcing him to seek employment elsewhere.As the story lines overlap and intersect , often with consummate irony , Dickens keeps a light enough hand to prevent the story from becoming a polemic , though his criticism of hypocrisy , corruption , and `` progress '' at the expense of humanity is clear . His humor , often dark , keeps the plot moving , and several of his characters , which are often caricatures , do grow and change . Characteristically , Dickens uses names symbolically-Gradgrind grinds the emotions from his graduates , hires Mr. M'Choakumchild as a teacher , and lives at Stone Lodge . Mr. Bounderby proves to be a bounder . Some of the circus performers , like Sissy , live at Pegasus Arms.The dramatic conclusion , which involves the pursuit of an innocent character widely believed to have committed a robbery , draws all the themes together , showing the parallels , contrasts , and ironies which connect these characters , regardless of their social level . Less epic in plot than some of Dickens 's other novels , Hard Times provides an intimate look at a changing economy and an important commentary on the philosophies of the times . N Mary Whipple
 HARD TIMES has its own special place in world literature , even as it does in Dickens 's own oeuvre . Its brevity contrasts with the longer works for which Dickens is more famous , and its satiric skewering of rampant capitalism leaves an imprint on the reader 's mind not soon forgotten.Dickens holds up Thomas Gradgrind for us , Sir , a singular member of the industrial community of `` Coketown , '' a man who is so obsessed with Facts that he never allows his children to Feel . They are to `` discard the word Fancy altogether . '' To ensure this strict materialistic philosophy , the children are taught by a schoolmaster named `` McChoakumchild . '' In Gradgrind 's friend Josiah Bounderby Dickens gives us possibly the most layered , complete and abhorrent hypocrite in all of English literature . Moliere 's Tartuffe is the height of sincerity compared with Bounderby , who seems really to have convinced himself of his own myth after many years of browbeating others with his pompous false modesty . The fact that he is a factory owner who mercilessly exploits his workers only makes him the less endearing . And this is the man Tom Gradgrind gives his daughter to in marriage!The book 's narrator clearly distinguishes the good guys from the bad guys , all in an effective effort to show that humans need to appreciate sentiment and sympathy much more than they need to worship dollars and cents . In 1854 HARD TIMES showed the triumphalist British industrialists their dark side . It stands today as a treasured statement against cost-benefit ratios and anti-intellectualism in a world where CEOs `` earn '' $ 10 million bonuses the same week 4,000 workers lose their jobs . It will stand tomorrow anywhere people are scorned for showing their feelings , beaten down in body and spirit , or victimized by rank injustice .
 Dickens ' shortest novel is an attack on utilitarianism , the squelching power of schools and factories to eliminate joy from life among the rich and poor alike . -LRB- Dickens perhaps prefigures Orwell with his Coketown of horror . -RRB- While some of the business about labor unions is unsuccessful , the love/despair story of Louisa Gradgrind is superbly rendered . A very good novel for those unsure of themselves in life !
 This novel , like much of Dickens , is hard to pin down in a concise statement as to what exactly it 's about . Dickens is often accused , by his critics , of being a sentimentalist and two-dimensional character scrawler . This judgment , I would submit , is quite correct as far as it goes . But the greatness of Dickens , it seems to me , is that each one of his novels conveys a feeling , envisions a world , that is far greater than the sum of its parts . This is especially true of Hard Times.The most common interpretation of the book is that it is anti-utilitarian . This take on the novel is quite true , to an extent , but to say that this stance constitutes all that the book concerns is , in itself , a utilitarian interpretation ! It reduces the book to a fictionalised polemic . And the book is surely far more than that!There are always , in Dickens 's works , depths opening up amidst the simple plots and the simplified -LRB- and whimsically named -RRB- characters that bring one to a stop . When Louisa finds out from her brother Tom that Bounderby -LRB- the most deliciously named character herein -RRB- is set to propose marriage to her , the chapter ends thusly : `` Old Time , that greatest and longest-established Spinner of all , would weave from the threads he has spun into a woman . But his factory is a secret place , his work is noiseless , and his Hands are mutes . `` This passage alone should serve notice that something deeper is going in the world of Coketown . I truly do n't think I can proffer to the prospective reader a glimpse of the depths that lie beneath the simplified characters and simplistic narrative structure than by quoting the last words of Stephen Blackpool , addressed to his Muse-like Rachael , as he lies dying , after having been raised from the disused mine opening known locally as Old Hell Shaft : `` I ha ' fell into th ' pit , my dear , as have cost wi'in the knowledge o ' old folk now livin , hundreds and hundreds o ' men 's lives - fathers , sons , brothers , dear to thousands an ' hundreds ... When it were in work , it killed wi'out need
 In this novel set in industrial revolution era Great Britain , Dickens is about as subtle as a sledgehammer . Unlike some of his other social commentary , where he wraps his point in a gripping , twisting , and entertaining plot , Dickens goes right for the jugular in `` Hard Times '' . In this novel he lashes out against the dehumanization of our children through `` education '' , as well as the still very real gulf between the well to do and impoverished . Even the names of his characters are none-too-subtle jabs . The local teacher , Professor Gradgrind , seeks not to educate or enlighten , but to hammer home facts and turn his children into automatons . His counterpart in the business arena is Bounderby , a blustering , egomaniacal , and ultimately vacuous man . Their countermeasure is a young orphan girl named Sissy Jupe . She is a lovable character that embodies compassion and humanity , but is very nearly broken by the their overbearing influence.This is not a `` fun '' book to read , and if you 're looking to be entertained in traditional Dickens fashion I strongly reccomend looking elsewhere -LRB- i.e. David Copperfield -RRB- . The novel is relatively straightforward and simple of plot , and his scathing social commentary can not be missed . The most compelling reason to read `` Hard Times '' though is the fact that the same mentality criticized here is still very much in existence today , and this makes the novel just as relevant for the 21st century as it was when first penned .
 This product had a few marks where passages were underlined but overall it was in very good condition . It made it to me in good time and the process was easy .
 Studying this great Victorian novel for A-Levels , I could n't have been more surprised at how captivating and entertaining Dicken &#8216; s is .
 I love all the Norton Critical editions of literature . Not only do you get a handsomely presented copy of Hard Times , but articles and criticism about the work in one package.For me Hard Times becomes the indispensable Dickens . The relationship between Sissy Jupe and the Gradgrind children is something that is relevant today as it was 165 years ago . That the Education system can ruin children is absolutely a point that needs to be addressed in modern times . The Gradgrind academy only cares about facts , and only turns out vacuous twits . Only Sissy Jupe comes out of the academy with a head on her shoulders . Young Tom Gradgrind shows the folly of removing morals from the schools . He has no understanding of anything but how to take advantage of any particular situation . What is worse , his Father Old Tom Gradgrind tries to cover for him . How is that not relative to today 's world?Besides getting the novel , one also gets the critical articles in the back , which help make sense of the whole thing . I am not saying that Dickens , in any of his works is hard to understand , but I especially like the articles from the time period in which the works were written . For teachers of literature , this book is a must . I highly recommend it .
 The book itself is nicely down by Everyman 's Library , a nice attractive volume . As for the story ... a classic of course , on the plight of the poor , industrialism , etc. , in England . Great charatcters .
 It 's the way things happen , not the pizzazzy prose or the dialogue , that sets Charlie up to be read by every high school student alive . While not hideously exciting to the modern reader , there is a lot to be gleaned from this compassionate narrative about the unhumanness of the modern world .
 `` Death by verbosity '' describes the critic 's failure not Dickens ' . There are no such things as neat conclusions in Dickens , note the several rewrites of the the final chapter of `` Great Expectations '' . Dickens expanded the concept of character in the novel to embrace the socially situated type as a means of understanding the relationship between society and the individual . This helped to forge a self-conciously social literature and thereby making the link between art and politics textually explicit .
 Considered by 19th century critics to be one of Dickens ' more artistic and literary triumphs , Hard Times can be viewed in present time as a blistering polemic against the rise of industrial society and the dominate philosophy that rose in tandem with the industrial age , utilitarianismIt is well known that Dickens was a chronicler of his times , and his mode of expression , the novel . An intensely emotional individual , Dickens was known to be a power walker , starting in the afternoon , covering miles , to return home just before sunrise . It was during these extensive walks that he witnessed the utter poverty and squalor scattered throughout the streets of London . These walks brought inspiration for many of his novels , particularly , Hard Times.In this novel , Dickens explores the applications of utilitarianism in its highly rational , and in many ways , brutal forms . The novels general theme is that a philosophy that is only concerned with happiness and survival for the majority , will attempt to quash any and all individual thought and effort . Individual ideas , emotion , imagination and creativity must be ruthlessly rejected in order for the majority of people to think alike , work alike and behave alike to attain a status quo of happiness for all . Rationality must prevail because imagination promotes individuality , which is anathema to mob concerns.This polemic against utilitarianism is expressed clearly and persuasively in the practice of education . In the opening chapter for example , ` The One Thing Needful '' , the reader is introduced to this dictatorial emphasis on the rational : `` Now , what I want is , Facts . Teach these boys and girls nothing but facts . Facts alone are wanted in life . Plant nothing else , and root out everything else . You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts
 A most interesting book , and not the `` downer '' one might expect from the title . The story begins with the issue of what might happen to children raised in a setting where the non-logical human qualities are repressed . This is blended in with the relationship dynamics of those who own the factories and those who make the factories actually produce something to sell . Further , related issues are added . These various topics are intermingled in a moving story .
 Despite the explicit title , `` Hard Times '' is not so much an ode to poverty and misery as it is a commentary on the increasing impact of industrialization on the fragmentation of society and on the dehumanization of education . The result , as Dickens implies , leads to lives hollowed by the emptiness of work for work 's sake and wealth for wealth 's sake.The setting is Coketown , a factory town befouled by industrial smog and populated by underpaid and undereducated laborers . The novel 's most prominent character is one of the town 's richest citizens , Josiah Bounderby , a pompous blowhard who owns a textile mill and a bank and whose conversation usually includes some boastful story about his impoverished childhood and the hard work that led to his present fortune.Bounderby is the commercial projection of Thomas Gradgrind , a local schoolteacher and an extraordinarily pragmatic man who instills in his students and his own children the importance of memorizing facts and figures and the iniquity of indulging in entertaining activities . Gradgrind offers to Bounderby his son , Tom Jr. , as an unwilling apprentice , and his daughter , Louisa , as an unwilling bride.On the other end of the town 's social scale is Stephen Blackpool , a simple , downcast man who works as a weaver at Bounderby 's mill and slogs through life misunderstood and mistreated . When he refuses to join his fellow workers in a labor uprising , he is ostracized ; when he criticizes the economic disparity between Bounderby and the workers , he is fired and forced to leave town ; when Bounderby 's bank is robbed one night , he is suspected as the thief . So halfway through the novel , Dickens grants his reader an interesting , albeit somewhat contrived , plot element to embellish the narrative.If this novel contains a ray of sunshine , it is in Sissy Jupe , a girl abandoned by her father and adopted by Gradgrind , whose oppressive educational method nearly breaks her . However , she grows up with her own intuitive sense of propriety , which she uses as a tool to eject a dishonorable character from the novel . Her strong and independent spirit will allow her to do much better in life than Louisa , who withers away in an unhappy marriage , and Tom Jr. , whose boredom renders him vulnerable to temptations.Compared to his other novels , `` Hard Times '' is relatively short and straightforward and has few characters , as though Dickens felt that what he had to say was so important , it had to be said quickly and bluntly . He is less interested in realism than in making a point , and it 's really the poetic power of his prose that enables him to get away with the overbearing sentimentality and often ridiculous caricatures that accompany his poignant human truths .
 Some critics go so far as to say this is not an important part of Dickens . In my opinion this is a serious error . If anything , this is one of his best creations . The characters are plausible . In addition , the passages are dramatic and chilling . Dickens also fills this work with suspense , powerful images , and dramatic irony . Not one page is wasted . Do n't let the thin length of this book fool you . This is a phenomenal masterpiece in every sense of the word .
 As a previous writer said , this is probably not the easiest Dickens novel to read , as it lacks the charm and appeal of the more popular works like Oliver Twist and David Copperfield , but it still occupies an important place in Dickens 's oeuvre . It is basically an expose of the evils of the unrestrained capitalism of the period , as Dickens portrays the lives of the poor who are held captive , oppressed , and ultimately crushed by it.In this book , although it speaks mostly from the oppressed working class and lower middle class , characters from all walks of society mingle . Although Dickens describes the dismal and oppressive working conditions of the time , the economic realities really take a back seat to the intimate story of the families , and of their trials and tribulations and failures.Fallen , old-family aristocrats like Mrs. Sparsit serve crass , nouveau-riche boors like Mr. Bounderby , whom she despises , and criminals and even circus people have important roles , such as in the case of Sissy Jupe , the daughter of a clown . The characters , however , are n't formulaic stereotypes but are real people who love , hate , make mistakes , fail , and live to regret and apologize for their mistakes.The novel takes place during the second phase in the industrial revolution which led to the development of the power loom . One of the main characters , Stephen Blackpool , is a power loom operator , and the new productivity of this device put many formerly skilled , manual loom operators out of work , further worsening an already bad unemployment situation.Gandgrind , the schoolteacher , is a rationalist representing the 18th century enlightenment ideals , and his philosophy of `` fact '' is shown to be a loveless and dispiriting sham . His views are ridiculed by Dickens , and his daughter ultimately rebels . In a sense , the novel is as much about the false and destructive ideals and beliefs of many of the main characters as it is about the economic vicissitudes of the time.Dickens 's stories about the conditions in the factories and the lives of the workers were an important influence in changing things for the better . Eventually , England passed laws restricting child labor -LRB- to 11 hours a day -RRB- , redistricting the so-called `` rotten bourroughs '' -LRB- whose seats in Parliament were sold by the wealthy landowners -RRB- , and chattel slavery was abolished in the early 1830s , although economic slavery continued to exist in the form that Dickens depicts it in this novel . Laws were passed that did n't limit election to Parliament to landowners , and the stage was set for a fairer representation of the worker 's interests.The Chartist labor movement attempted to obtain justice by smashing the looms and machines , but it ultimately failed to achieve its goals . The later labor movement was more successful in calling attention to the plight of the workers and in creating badly needed changes.By the way , an odd piece of trivia on Dickens that I read once . Just as today , back in Dickens 's time even otherwise intelligent people believed in all sorts of pseudoscience . One of these was the supposed effects of magnetic fields on biological organisms , which still persists today . It was thought that if one slept with one 's body aligned with the earth 's magnetic field , that one would reap significant health benefits . When Dickens came to America to go on a speaking tour , the maids who came into his hotel rooms were surprised to find that he had completely rearranged the furniture so he could align the bed north and south with the magnetic field . Dickens kept a pocket compass with him so he could do just that.Unfortunately , there is no basis for such a claim although speculation about the health benefits of magnetic fields persists today . Also unfortunately for Dickens , it 's too bad that there were no real positive health effects , otherwise he might have lived longer -- his exhausting speaking tour wore him out and he became ill and died soon after returning to England . I 've also read that he was paid $ 100,000 for this tour -- an enormous sum of money at the time .
 Dickins was a master of satire . He routinely lampooned the social structure of his time . Hard Times deals with the philosophy of utilitarianism . You can enjoy this book without any history lesson but for full effect read a little about Jeremy Bentham , James Mill and his son John Stuart Mill . You will undoubtedly notice the parallels . This book savages the unthinking , uncaring effects of unchecked capitalism . I 'm no Marxist but this book is a fine arguement not just for balance in economic thinking , but in our daily lives . Enjoy .
 Here is a stunning indictment of soot-covered early Victorian England . Its relevance today though should not be underestimated . Parallels abound both here at home and the world over . Hard Times is brilliant and multifaceted . Dickens is both dreadfully serious and stingingly witty . And yes , a thorough Marxist reading is certainly possible . Dickens cared deeply about the world in which he lived and his humanity shines through in every line . This book , and all that Dickens wrote , is worthwhile if only for the beauty of the prose . Those forced to read it in school are unlikely to see its value as anyone forced to do anything against the will is going to be resentful and rejecting . Be deeply suspicious though of the reader from Madison Wisconsin , Hitler , or anyone who advises the literal trashing of books .
 This review is for the audio book narrated by Martin Jarvis . This is one of the better audio books I 've listened to in a while from the perspective of the narrator doing excellent voice characterizations . Jarvis was able to make each character sound distinct and they each sounded just like I would have imagined . Bounderby was thunderous , Tom Gradgrind sounded like a whelp , and Blackpool sounded meek and humble . It made for an enjoyable listen that made it very easy to follow the characters.I 've always been a fan of Dickens and have read most of his books , but this was my first time through `` Hard Times '' . As with most of Dickens novels , the characters are almost caricatures , but this method does a good job of pointing out human strengths and weaknesses . This is a short novel for Dickens , but still did a good job exploring the impact of what would happen if science is emphasized too much over emotional education.He once again highlighted the problems with class distinctions in English society at that time . I like how his humble characters have more wisdom than those that are rich or of high social position.I highly recommend this audio book as a great way to be introduced to Dicken 's `` Hard Times '' .
 Charles Dickens , as is his custom , slams into so-called civilized 19th century British industrial scenes in a smoky place called Coketown . He writes with a sharp knife about poverty , hunger , cruel management and lack of compassion . Humor here is on the grim side .
 Book was in excellent condition and service was excellent . It 's not the seller 's fault that the book is boring .
 This audio rendition of Charles Dickens Hard Times features the renowned voiced of Paul Scolfeild , distinguished British actor . I found the narration to be very well done and it helped me get into the story but I have to say that I did not find the story to be a classic . There is not too much depth to the characters and the pace of the story seems to go too fast . All in all a decent book , perhaps worth while listening to it , but not one of the greats of world literature .
 I got it used for a great price , all the CDs worked , the narrator is crisp and sharp just like the text -- what exactly is the essence of a horse , a simple collection of ...
 For my English class , I read Charles Dickens ' `` Hard Times . '' I chose this book because I have read several of Dickens ' works , and I have enjoyed them . I find his works good , thought-provoking books that are free of cuss words , violence , and lusts . I think this book was a realistic account of what life was like in the early nineteen hundreds . I was glad that Mr. Gragrind came around in his thinking and realized it is okay to have fun . I am also glad of how the book ended . I was glad to see that justice was preserved . Overall , I think this is a good book , and I would suggest that you read it . I enjoyed it .
 I liked the service and it got here very quickly , but the book itself really needs to be laminated almost if you actually want to use it , otherwise it looks very used , very soon .
 This is a gem and for those readers out there who are tempted to try Dickens , then , apart from A Christmas Carol , this is the only book by him that can be read in a day -LRB- unless you are an insomniac -RRB- . I have - like many of the other reviewers I am sure - read every one of Dickens ' works including the unfinished Mystery of Edwin Drood . For sheer brilliance , Pickwick Papers , David Copperfield , Bleak House and in my opinion Little Dorrit . But for something transcending literature - a deep social and political commentary - try Hard Times . Plus you wo n't grow old trying to finish it as it 's about 300 pages -LRB- 220 in somew versions -RRB- .
 Dickens has an incredible energy that , after putting away a few dull contemporary novels , should be immeadiately striking to anyone . And with the wonderfully satirical opening of Hard Times , `` Now , what I want is , Facts ... '' he continues to begin a book better than anyone . That energy does not dissapate as the novel progresses.Hard Times is set in the industrial but fictional Coketown . Its central point of concern is a certain ultilitarian/Victorian sensibility , a point of view that reduces everthing to rationality . This reaches is most tragic moment when a father must watch her daughter literally crushed by a `` economical '' marriage that he encouraged . Rationality also dictates the divisions of labor and class , that become dehumanizing.But while this book is satirical , and does have a social agenda , Hard Times ca n't be reduced to that agenda . It is n't merely a collection of opinions . There is too much here for that . Characters are shamed , outcast , forced into `` sensible '' but unfulfilling lives , and commit crimes while letting others take the fall . Unlike some of our contemporary satires , Hard Times does n't just mock . There is heart and tragedy too . Further , no one , rich or poor , gets off the hook . Whether its Slackbridge the union leader and a group factory workers , or a wealthy banker , anyone who lacks humanity is shamed . Probably the richest and most aristoratic character , James Harthouse , is judged indifferently . Dickens is n't a partisan.Hard Times is the shortest Dickens novel and its brevity is a double edged sword . While one is not exhausted at its conclusion -LRB- As I was with David Copperfield -RRB- , and there are less story lines to confuse , you a do n't know the characters as well as you do with the longer novels , and the cast of characters is n't as wide . Also absent is some of the jolly or quirky characters that are Dickens staples . This accounts for why some call it a dreary novel , though I disagree.This is n't his best , and there will be some moments when you shake your head -LRB- why does everyone seem to die with perfect timing ? -RRB- but Hard Times is still great . When I criticize one of Dickens ' novels , I compare his low moments with his high ones , not to other writers . I will continue to read his novels and love their energy and wit .
 If you read Hard Times for the sole purpose of being entertained you will probably be highly disappointed . However , if you understand what was happening during this time period , you will realize that Hard Times is in reality , a long commentary . The Industrial Revolution was starting to show its down side . There was rampant poverty and disease , from the overcrowding of the cities . Children of the poor had to work long hours in unsafe factories rather than go to school . The gulf between the haves and the have-nots was very wide . The middle class was only beginning to be a distinct group.This then was the backdrop of Hard Times . Dickens is making a social and political statement . This is a statement against the mechanizing of society . It starts with Dickens repeated use of the word fact . It is facts that have meaning . Human conventions like feeling , compassion or passion have no meaning or looked down upon as an inconvienent waste of time . If a situation can not be put down on paper as in an accounting ledger it should not be considered.This is where the conflict of the book comes in . Which helps humanity more compassion or fact . Is Bounderby a better person than Blackpool ? Bounderby , who by his own admission was a self-made man . Untrue as this was he said it enough to make it his own reality . Or Blackpool , a weaver with an alcoholic wife , who was in love with another woman . Facts made Bounderby rich , compassion made Blackpool human.Louisa presents another conflict . Louisa was educated only by fact . No wonder or inquisitiveness was ever allowed . She was the perfect robot . Doing what she was told when she was told . Just another piece of the machine , however , the piece broke , emotions came out , and they broke down the wall of fact that Mr. Gradgrind had so carefully constructed . Because the feelings have finally been acknowledged things really break down . She finds that not only has she married the wrong man but also the man she did marry is a buffoon whom she can not respect nor live with.The reader is left wondering if there is no one who will not be ruined by all the worship to fact . The whelp has certainly been ruined to the point he feels no responsibility to anyone but himself . If a situation can not be used to his advantage then he has no use for it , as a matter of course , he will run when he believes he will have to take responsibility for his own actions.The gypsies have not been ruined by fact . But only because they live outside of society , they do not conform to the rules of society . These are the people who value character over social status . The gypsies do not value Bounderby and Bitzer with all their pomp and egomania . Rather they value Stephen Blackpool and Cecilia whom can show compassion and kindness no matter a person 's station in life.Hard Times can be used to look at today 's society . Are we , as a society more worried about our computers , cell phones , faxes , and other gadgets than our neighbor 's well being ? Do we only get involved to help others when there is a personal benefit ? Or , are we like the gypsies who can look into the character of the person and not worry about the socio-economic status ? While Dickens ' wrote Hard Times about 19th century England the moral can easily fit into 21st century America
 Charles Dickens visited Preston during a strike . So , this book is written largely based on his observations . People tend to go from one extreme to the other on this one . They tend to either really like it , or really dislike it . While it lacks the artful improvisation of some of his works like `` The Pickwick Papers , '' `` David Copperfield , '' or `` Our Mutual Friend , '' it is good in a different way . Right away , we meet Thomas Gradgrind who thinks that FACTS are the answers to all the questions in life . While he may seem harsh and brutal , he does have a conscience , and he honestly believes in what he does . We then meet Sissy Jupe and Bounderby . Sissy Jupe is pretty much the opposite of Thomas Gradgrind . She is one who hangs onto sentiment and hope . Bounderby on the other hand is the more dark and extreme version of Gradgrind . -LRB- Though it is hard to hate Bounderby because we can see the society that created him . -RRB- Through clever wording , Dickens describes the darkness and sadness of the area . Interestingly , the dark Bounderby has one notable redeeming feature . He is good to his housekeeper Mrs. Sparsit . We later meet Stephen Blackpool who has worked 12 years in Bounderby 's factory . He is a good honest man who suffers because he can not go along with any extreme . He loves a woman named Rachel , but he is already married . -LRB- And of course the marriage is not a happy one . -RRB- Stephen then has a dream that foreshadows his fate . One of the most disturbing events of the book then takes place . Under her father 's advice , the 20 year old Louisa agrees to marry the 50 year old Bounderby . -LRB- Charles Dickens could have hardly known that some time later he would marry the young Ellen Ternan , but we wo n't go there . -RRB- Later , we learn that Slackbridge is stirring up a mutiny in the factory and poor Stephen Blackpool is cast out because he will not join . And even Bounderby will not help poor Stephen . -LRB- What a situation ! -RRB- Louisa -LRB- now Mrs. Bounderby -RRB- gives Stephen some money to help him , but Tom Jr knows that he can probably use Stephen 's slowness to his advantage . James Harthouse starts to grow close to Louisa , and we can see the tension rising . The bank is then robbed , and poor Stephen Blackpool is suspected , but it does n't take much for us to know who really did it . Interestingly , Mrs. Sparsit -LRB- Bounderby 's servant -RRB- continues to use Louisa 's maiden name . Louisa knows that her brother probably robbed the bank , but she can not bring herself to tell . The tension between Bounderby and Louisa begins to increase , and we can guess that the marriage does not have much longer . In a well written chapter Louisa has an emotional breakdown due to her upbringing , and the good in Thomas Gradgrind starts to show . His intentions were good , but he realizes he was wrong . -LRB- Thomas Gradgrind is not exactly a Murderstone or a Uriah Heep . -RRB- In a rage , Bounderby ships Louisa 's stuff back to her father 's , and we can see the marriage is over . But there is more to come . Stephen Blackpool is still suspected of robbing the bank , and fleeing did not help the situation . He makes his way back to proclaim his innocence , and he has a fatal accident . Poor Thomas realizes that his son robbed the bank . And in a moment of irony , the circus -LRB- that Gradgrind scorned so openly -RRB- is hiding his son . There is a brief and tragic reunion , and Thomas Jr is sent out of the country where he can hide in safety . And if it 's any small consolation prize to Mr. Gradgrind , Thomas Jr does mend his ways . While the book does not exactly end in utter happiness , the characters do grow in a sense , so it does not end in utter sadness either .
 I 'm surprised by all the two and three-star reviews appearing on this site . For me , `` Hard Times '' was enjoyable right from the start and memorable long after . The writing is evocative and fluid , and although it can be easy to get lost due to some of the anachronisms in Dickens ' writing , in general the writing is excellent . The characters , while not subtle -LRB- it 's pretty easy to sum them up in a few words -RRB- are all memorable and tug on the heartstrings quite a bit . Sissy , Mr. Gradgrind , Mr. Bounderby , Stephen , Tom , and Louisa are great characters -LRB- and just because they 're easily defined , they are no less human or believable -RRB- . Finally , the story itself is a bit sobering -LRB- as it was intended to be -RRB- but it 's also very human and shows the possibilities of redemption quite nicely.In short , `` Hard Times '' is excellent . I 'd recommend it to any fan of Dickens or just anybody who likes good literature .
 I love the ending of this novel by Dickens when he says : `` Dear reader ! It rests with you and me , whether , in our two fields of action , similar things shall be or not . Let them be ! We shall sit with lighter bosoms on the hearth , to see the ashes of our fires turn cold and grey . `` This novel is all about what one would think of as a dreary life in a north England mill town -LRB- fictitiously -RRB- called Coketown . It is named after the seemingly endless plumes of thick coal smoke being emitted from many different mills in this small lifeless town . But true to Dickens style he gives us a delightful set of characters that we can love or hate but who keep us entertained through a quick read of about 300 pages.There is method in the madness , in that Dickens tries to push us in the direction of accepting that fate was not preordained for these folks and they could choose a better life if they so desired . He includes many biblical references and references to the mid 1800 culture to keep it all upbeat and entertaining.I was expecting a more depressing plot to reflect the title `` Hard Times '' , but in many ways it is good times for some of the characters , and as Dickens says at the end that he can hope for a positive outcome for their lives - the precise details of which he leaves us guessing.Entertaining 5 star read at a bargain price by a wonderful author .
 ... of English literature ? I read `` Hard Times '' -- the 1969 Penguin Classics edition , which I still own and which is still intact -- roughly 40 years ago , in the midst of a Dickens binge , and I 'm surprised to find that the humor in it has gotten angrier from aging on my book shelf . The anger has a lot of targets
 A book called `` Hard Times '' does n't sound like the type of book you 'd pick up for some light , cheerful reading , but you should n't judge a book by its cover - or its title either . `` Hard Times '' certainly deals with a difficult subject , but thanks to the genius of Dickens , it never becomes unbearably depressing.At the centre of the novel are the upheavals of the mid-1800s that changed the world forever
 To write an outline of Hard Times or Dickens ' work would not be necessary . His writing has withstood the test of time , and is well know . To give encouragement to would-be Dickens ' readers and Hard Times readers does seem like time well spent.Hard Times ventures from other Dickens ' books in the writing style lending a departure from Dickens ' previous descriptive formats . In this particular book , Dickens lends skill , imagination , and panache to English language usage . He breathes life in to the language of the novel , and he remains a master of dramatic setting and story line . When people say , `` Read good books , it will rub off on you . '' Hard Times comes first to my mind . Therefore , a reason to read Hard Times would be to improve your own reading and writing.I admit some of the character 's lives are depressing . When I looked back upon the entire book , and wondered if Hard Times would differ if set in present day with cell phones , PDAs , the Internet , electricity , airplanes , automobiles , and so many distractions . My guess would be - probably not . Would Louisa Gradgrind 's life have taken a different course if she were living in today 's world ? My guess would be , perhaps , a slight shift on her circumstances , and , again , probably not . Dickens ' charms include being able to put his finger on a character type and bring it to life . This is why I 'd call certain present day figures , `` A Mr. Bounderby '' or `` A Gradgrind '' . The Whelp or Tom Gradgrind remains alive and kicking ; I 've met him.My recommendation
 Although not one of his more popular novels , Charles Dickens ' Hard Times still stands as a classic among classics . Carrying on with his highly prolific writing style , this novel is a bit more bleak than his other renown works , but enjoyable from the start , especially with Dickens ' excellent choice of character naming.Suitable for most ages , this classic should not be passed up . And with the Norton annotations and notes , this edition will help readers understand better the context in which the author writes in .
 Hard Times was written in 1854 by England 's greatest novelist CharlesDickens -LRB- 1812-1870 . It is the shortest of his novels . The novel was originally published as a weekly series in `` Household Words '' periodical edited by Dickens . The novel reads quickly telling a story that is still relevant in our own post-industrial 21st century Western Society.The novel is set in fictional Coketown set in the English Midlands . The first scene is set in a classroom where children are being taught by rotelearning . Only FACTS yells Mr. Gradgrind who has raised his two children the feckless Tom and the more impressionable Louisa to eschew the emotions of art and the heart to stick strictly to practical learning.Enter into the town Mr. Sleary 's circus . Cecilia -LRB- Sissy -RRB- Jupe is a young girl whose father is employed by Sleary to ride horses . He deserts Sissy who is adopted by the Gradgrind family . Sissy befriends the lonely lass Louisa . Louisa is forced into a loveless marriage with the bloviating humbug industrialist Josiah Bounderby . Bounderby has crafted a false story of a difficult childhood while disdaining the love of his mother who lives in the country.We also met the tragic Stephen Blackpool a miner who is wed to an alocholic wife . Stephen is in love with the beautiful and kind Rachael . He will be framed for the robbery of Bounderby 's bank which was really robbed by Tom Gradgrind.The novel is divided into three parts covering several years . Many of the characters come to a bad end . The novel attacks industrialism , the state of British education and the necessity for entertainment in the lives of everyone.All of Dickens fictions are worth reading . Hard Times is a good introduction to the second half of his career in which he moves to more serious themes . A Victorian classic which will be enjoyed by the discriminating reader .
 Dickens wrote some diverse plots , that 's for certain . `` Hard Times '' certainly DOES portray some hard times . Everyone knows `` A Christmas Carol , '' and I had read and loved `` A Tale of Two Cities '' years ago . This book is something altogether different.Dickens has a knack for creating memorable characters . I had to read this novel for a British Literature class a year ago , and Bounderby , Sparsit , Blackpool , and the Gradgrinds are permanently ingrained in my mind.This novel would have been more enjoyable had my class been able to read it at a slower pace ! Pay careful attention to the characters ' development.Also , a word on the Norton editors
 While this was a faster paced book than usual for Dickens , and expertly written , the marked darkness of this piece is hard to avoid . Dickens is known for tackling the serious issues of his time and this is no different . He paints a scathing portrait of industrialism and a world only big enough for cold hard facts . The novel takes place in Coketown , a place laden with serpentine smoke and oppressed by the heavy burden of industry ; a place where intelligence is to be fostered , but the imagination quashed.I suppose my only complaint is that this book is totally devoid of comic characters . Dickens ' ability to caricaturize is amazing and he deprives his readers of that comic relief here . It really could have used a `` Uriah Heep '' or `` Fagin . '' Sure , these characers are villainous , but also darkly comic ... characters one loves to hate . Without this element , Hard Times leaves one a bit depressed.Don ' t get me wrong , it is a good read , I just can not put it into the same category with David Copperfield and Dombey and Son .
 Hard Times is first and foremost a burning indictment on industrialism and the total reliance on reason without consideration for emotions . It is also a great novel . I did n't get quite the same connection with the characters as in Great Expectations - I ca n't readily recall their names after a few months - but I know them and can remember vividly the scenes that he painted them in.Again there are several sub plots which drive the point home and wrap the novel up in such a tight and well thought out way that only Dickens could have written this . The main character , for me , is Louisa , raised under conventional wisdom on only dry facts and reason . As such , she is completely unable to cope with real life . She is married to Bounderby , who owns the local bank while her brother , Tom , works for him . Bounderby claims to been raised in the gutter , abandoned by his parents , and to have raised himself up by his bootstraps . Each character has built for themselves a house of cards which are destined to come tumbling down revealing all the flaws , all the lies and the fundamental errors of their thinking . The only person left unscathed is the abandoned circus girl who , like Biddy in Great Expectations , reminds us that the people we overlook may just be the best ones out of the bunch .
 I was forced to read Hard Times for my English class . Although I was skeptical at first , this book turned out to be pretty good . Dickens manages to create an engaging story with believable characters . He definately does an excellent job satirizing England during the Industrial Revolution . This book is not perfect , but is clearly a fine work of literature . A word of CAUTION
 Coketown is `` the inner-most fortifications of that ugly citadel where Nature was as strongly bricked out as killing airs and gases were bricked in at the heart of the labyrinth of narrow courts upon courts , and close streets upon streets , which had come into existence . `` Hard Times takes place in 1854 , six years after Karl Marx first published his ideas in the Communist Manifesto . Marx revolutionized the way people looked at history . His historical science was a radically new way of looking at human history , our past , our present , and our future . Marxist themes are plentiful in Hard Times , everything from the Bourgeoisie to the Proletariat are represented in this account of the industrial revolution.Dickens provides an excellent portrayal of real-life people faced with hard times amidst an economic boom . This is a touching story , giving names and faces to the people who are creating , being replaced by , and being abused by the industrial revolution . The Communist Manifesto is not complete until you have read Hard Times .
 I just finished this book , it is the third of Dickens novels that I have read . It is one of his shortest so it was easy to get through reading it in a decent amount of time . I enjoyed the characters he introduced , but I found myself getting a tad bit lost in some of his phraseology trying to figure out what was being said and understand exactly what was going on . Perhaps not everyone will enjoy this novel of Dickens , but the one thing I do like about Dickens is you ca n't breeze through any of his novels without putting some effort into concentrating on what is being said-or else you get lost ! This being said , It is n't the most light hearted of his novels , but If you enjoy reading Dickens , you will most likely like reading this one , too , even if it is n't necessarily his best one .
 I read this book later than I read novels such as Great Expecatations and David Copperfield , but I do n't remember it as well . Hard Times is a fine novel - short , often miserable -LRB- but that 's the reason why this novel is so important -RRB- , but with a good message . It 's also an effective satire that actually does have its moments of humor as well as pathos -LRB- such as when Stephen Blackpool dies -RRB- . I do recommend it , but as good as a book it is , it 'll never be one of my favorite Dickens novels .
 This book provides a detailed explaination of what a block schedule is . The authors write a skeleton outline of what components should be in a lesson plan for the block schedule . Then the authors describe and give examples of every activity they have suggested you might include in your lesson . This is an outstanding guide , because it not only tells you what to do , but gives you examples of everything they suggest . They do not leave you to find your own way , after giving you a few vague ideas . I HIGHLY recommend this book .
 plan on reading it but it will take a year with all the books i bought from amazon so i dont know what they expect me to write here lol copy paste
 The item arrived in the specified time and was exactly what I wanted . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This book contains the authentic Butterfly Sword Form and has excellent pictures on the use and proper training . A must have for those who wish to learn this flashy tournament weapon .
 Not only has this book been impossible to find , it is the first book offered in English on the Wing Chun Butterfly Swords . Also , guess who is used in some of the demo 's -- Dan Inosanto is the demonstration partner . This is great historical stuff .
 The moves illustrated in this book by William Cheung are performed by him on video in `` Wing Chun Kung Fu , volume 4 . `` available on DVD , ASIN
 I originally purchased this book when I became a competition team member for the trial advocacy program at my law school . When I thought about an objection that I could make , or that would be made against my case I turned to this book . I would turn to the objection or issue and there would be the relevant federal rule of evidence easily laid out and explained . Most beneficial is the explanation on not only how to MAKE the objection to the court but then how to properly RESPOND to the objection . This book is helpful as I would know how to properly make the argument to the judge/court . It was also helpful to read over/review the book and look at the objections to get an idea of if you could use something else in your case . At the end of the book it also has the complete federal rules of evidence . I ca n't say more amazing things about this book , BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT !
 Do n't know how anyone gets along without this if they spend time in court . Also , a copy stays on the desk .
 This is a great little pockey sized book . I would recommend it to people either in an evidence or trial ad class , it also is VERY usual for trial competitions !
 Economics is not an exact science . Neither is it the `` dismal science '' that Thomas Carlyle claimed it was back in the days when Britannica still ruled the waves . Economics is a social science , a `` historical '' science , a science that can seldom rely on experiment to test its theories but must make do with observation . We do not know whether a tax cut for the rich , for example , will be good for the economy as a whole . It can be tried and when the results are in some years or decades down the road , we may come to some conclusion ; but because we could not also see what would have happened had there been no tax cut or a different sort of tax cut , we really can not be sure that it was the tax cut for the rich that led to economic growth or -LRB- as the case may be -RRB- revolution.Nonetheless , while the knowledge we receive from a rigorous and disciplined observation of facts and events gives us nothing like certainty , it does lead us to know how to place our bets . And in an uncertain world that is really all we can expect . Even in closed systems like mathematics there are things unknown and not fully understood ; and even in the most rigorous of the sciences such as physics , there is no presumption to absolute knowledge.This attractive pint-sized publication from The Economist includes an opening essay entitled `` The Joy of Economics '' by Matthew Bishop that summarizes the current thinking of economists and presents a report on the state of the art . Unlike many essays written by economists , it is easy to read and directed at a general -LRB- but , of course , educated -RRB- readership . It serves admirably not only as an introduction to this volume but to current economic thought as well . I especially like his point that `` better measures of economic success or failure '' than `` a purely monetary measure '' such as GDP are needed , most clearly some measure that takes `` environmental and other non-monetary factors into account . '' -LRB- pp. 8-9 -RRB- Also good is his question about what effect the information explosion will have on economic thought and practice.After Bishop 's essay there follows hundreds of mini-essays and definitions arranged alphabetically on matters economic . If one compares these entries to those in the similar , but larger Dictionary of Economics also put out by The Economist , one quickly sees that there are fewer entries here but they are presented in a more readable fashion . This is then a less technical publication and not as inclusive ; yet for most readers I would say it makes the ideas of economics more accessible.Furthermore , Matthew Bishop , who wrote the entries has a slightly different slant on some economic ideas than those of the editors of the Dictionary of Economics . For example , on `` adverse selection '' Bishop concentrates on the market failure likely to be experienced by insurance companies selling insurance to , e.g. , `` 55-year-old male smokers '' while the Dictionary of Economics zeroes in on what it calls `` the lemon problem . '' In both cases the problem is that one side of the transaction has an advantage that results in an adverse selection for the other side . In the former case , the insurance company that sells insurance to someone who is in poor health is at a disadvantage ; and in the latter case the buyer of the poorly-made or maintained car is at a disadvantage.In another example , the `` prisoner 's dilemma '' of game theory is explained and related to the problem experienced by oligopoly -LRB- that of setting prices -RRB- in perhaps two hundred words . In the Dictionary of Economics twice as many words are used and a table is included . How to choose between the two explanations ? The answer is the same for choosing between the two books
 This book delivers what it promises
 This badly named but invaluable book is vintage Economist style , method , and theory . If it is not what its title leads one to believe , this is pardonable on the grounds that it is perhaps better than that.ESSENTIAL ECONOMICS is comprised of a lively and informative essay by Matthew Bishop that plays upon the oft-cited designation of economics as ` the dismal ' science , followed by brief encyclopedia-style entries written with the Economist 's trademark brevity of style and commitment to ideological restraint within a market framework.Bishop 's ` The Joy of Economics ' -LRB- ! -RRB- should be required reading for high school and college students . This delightful essay explains almost as much about what -LRB- free-market -RRB- economists * do n't * say about reality as about what they affirm . These ten careful pages constitute a virtual primer on economic discussion in broad historical outline and the state of the question today.Entries from A -LRB- ` Absolute advantage ' -RRB- to Z -LRB- ` Zero-sum game ' -RRB- then fill out this handbook-sized volume with intelligent summary and effective cross-referencing . Brilliant , concise , unapologetic , sized for the desk , shelf or briefcase , ESSENTIAL ECONOMICS is worth its modest price , which should prove no ` barrier to entry ' to dismal scientists and lay enthusiasts in virtually any ` optimal currency area ' .
 Economics is often , for better or for worse , referred to as `` dismal science . '' Over the years I have come across numerous explanations of the origin of that phrase , but have never been able to ascertain for sure what was the original grievance that provoked such a bleak view of economics . It is fair to say , however , that most people do n't have much of an appreciation for economics , and this extends even to some highly educated individuals . There are a few good reasons for such a view , but for the most part economics is unfairly singled out amongst the various academic fields . In fact , there are very few disciplines that can compete with economics for the usefulness in everyday life . When you properly understand what economics is all about you start to realize how many of the daily events - personal , national , and global - have at least some economic underpinnings . In the light of that , having a basic grasp of the essential economic ideas and terms is at the very least a sign of well-rounded education.There are numerous resources on economics today , and with the Internet within almost everyone 's reach , it seems unnecessary to get a hard-copy desk reference book on this subject . Nonetheless , `` Essential Economics '' is a very well presented and designed handy reference work that you may want to acquire for those moments when you do n't feel like going online to check up a basic economic term . This book is not written as a textbook , but as dictionary of essential economic terms . Thus the aim of the book is not to present a unified overarching explanation of economics , but rather to inform the reader about those economic terms and ideas that he may find useful or relevant at any particular point . Nonetheless , the book is written in a very crisp , legible style and it could be read cover-to-cover . Most terms are cross-referenced and this makes it easy to find connections between various concepts . Economics is a rapidly evolving field , and the book is a bit dated because of that , but it can still be used for basic information . The format of this book is also very compact and accessible , and it can be used as a quick first reference .
 I teach at the college level , and have made this reference a mandatory part of my class in `` Pocket Economics '' . It overcomes Dr. Galbraith 's reference to astrology in the study and understanding of the economy .
 This book exceeded expectations . I assumed it would provide the information I needed , and it did . But it was also nicely written and pleasant to read .
 This story broke my heart . I could not put this book down until I read the whole story . I am amazed at what this child had to go through before someone recognized that she was dyslexic and needed help in order to learn to read . It made me wish that every child had a place they could go where they felt safe and cared about , where no one would make fun of them because they could not read or write or do math , skills that most children take for granted . It made me realize that schools should provide every child a place to go where they felt safe and cared about , a place such as the resource room and teacher as described in this story . It also made me realize how important it is that teachers learn to recognize signs of dyslexia in children in their classrooms and bring it to the attention of appropriate school personnel . This is a wonderful book that I would highly recommend for teachers , parents , and educational/school psychologists to read .
 There is a mistake in the 1st review - the girl 's name is Kinneret , not Nava . please correct it .
 The Safe Place , written by Tehila Peterseil , is about a young girl named Nava who has problems with learning . Her parents first have no idea what 's wrong with her . Finally they realize the solution is for her to receive special educatioon . This book , which Tehila Peterseil kindly dedicates to every `` Nava '' around the world , will touch your heart and nourish your soul even after the last page is turned .
 What a pleasure to read a straight forward , well compiled book about a man and a time where integrity , loyalty and modesty mattered and self aggrandizement was not considered a virtue . So different from the situation today where , honours and plaudits are heaped upon those whose only claim to fame seems to be in the making of money .
 Where would England be today without the work of Reginald Joseph Mitchell who designed the Spitfire and Dame Houston who paid for the development of the Merlin engine when the government could not or would not do it . She was a patriot before it was cool to be one.Mitchell despite his medical condition continued to work until the end . He even designed a 4 engine bomber that looked like a big spitfire and was faster that any other at the time . Unfortunately the prototype was damaged in a German bombing raid on the factory and the government would not fund another . There is no mention of him at the R.A.F. museum in London . An unknown hero . The Spitfire and radar in the UK and the radio proximity fuse in the US changed the outcome of the war .
 Street Bikes provides a short and witty review of many bikes made in 1974 . All major manufacturers are included . It also has very high quality color pictures of each bike . It is a very entertaining and informative book for the classic bike enthusiast .
 Range War at Keno follows the traditional Sheepherders vs Cattle Ranchers story line with explosive action . When the hero saves the rich girl from death in quicksand -LRB- none too soon , she 's standing on her horse 's back when he rescues her-the horse is totally submerged . -RRB- , he thinks he 's helping his side but is soon caught in the middle of a sinister double cross . My first Lehman-I will eagerly search for more .
 In October of 1871 , something like 2,500 people were cremated alive in the forest fire that forever changed Wisconsin from the Big Woods to America 's Dairyland . Eclipsed by the simultaneous Great Chicago Fire , and because few eyewitnesses actually survived to tell about it , the Peshtigo firestorm never achieved the notoriety it should have and there are not many books about it . This one builds a suspenseful narrative out of the more reliable accounts and anecdotes of the fire , and is studded with unforgettable images -- the self-herding house cats , the pretty girl running down the flaming boardwalk , the farmer who momentarily left his wife and children alone in the wagon ... The shipwreck story is a bonus .
 This `` two volumes in one '' book deals with extreme opposites on the tragedy scene in Wisconsin . `` Fire '' refers to the Great Peshtigo Fire of Peshtigo , Wisconsin . You may or may not have heard of it . It occurred the same night as the Great Chicago Fire . Obviously , we now know which conflagration received more press . The fact is , more people died , more property was destroyed , and a larger area was burned in the Peshtigo Fire than in Chicago . `` Ice '' refers to tragedies on the Great Lakes around Wisconsin.If you can get a copy of this book , I urge you to do so . It is well worth reading !
 I notice the other reviews of this double book -LRB- two books under one title -RRB- concern the FIRE AT PESHTIGO . Just is important is the SHIPWRECK ON LAKE MICHIGAN portion . Essentialy this is one of the better accounts of the sinking of the Carl D. Bradley limestone carrier in Northern Lake Michigan November 18 , 1958 . Author Davenport picks up the story and moves towards the climax from different angles . One aboard a nearby salty freighter , another on board the soon to be doomed ship and still another in the home port of Rogers City Michigan.As a reader of Great Lakes History this accoount is one of the very best . It may be hard to find a copy as it had been over 25 years since it was in print .
 After finding several boxes and cylinders of Tinker Toys I needed to find out how much they were worth . A collector friend of mine suggested this book , and after purchasing it , it was worth it . It had every item that I had and then some . It gave prices for each , and a picture for most .
 This very enjoyable and informative 205 page , Tinker Toy guide book contains more than 400 large , full color and black and white , sharp photos that collector 's will be sure to enjoy . Even those who are n't true collectors will find this book informative , and enjoy memories of days gone by . In addition to the great photos , there 's plenty of information included and excellent descriptions of items . Prices are provided , but they 're 1996 pricing . Every type of Tinker Toy is featured , ranging from Action Toys , Art Sets , Bead Toys , and Construction Sets , to Quester and Playskool . There 's plenty of box photos and advertising pieces . There are nice sections featuring items by years . This is an outstanding reference , certain to be enjoyed by collectors .
 What a pleasure to read such a high-quality book ... It introduces each of the islands in a colorful and vivid way . The book includes many pictures , and provides a fine insight into the culture and character of the islands and touches on history , people , travel , activities , sights , nature , and a lot more.However , if you are looking for a book with accurate travel information , e.g. hotels , restaurants , prices/dates , how to get there , etc. , this book is on the weaker side . Use it together with the Frommer 's Caribbean guide for a combination that is hard to beat . Despite this weakness , it 's still a five star on my bookshelf .
 This is a book I had when I was in the first grade . I recently started cooking with my eight year old and hoped this book was still out there . I have never seen it it a bookstore and there it was on Amazon and for less than three dollars !! It was exactly the way I remembered it . We have already made several of the things in the book . We have a lot of fun looking at the pictures and following the directions and the together time is great ! A classic forever !
 L'alchimiste ... a wonderful book that brings you along for a magnificient trip through the desert to find a tresor.The treip is important and only in the end will you find what you were seeking.Full of lessons , the story reads easily and brings the reader to a point where he/she will reevaluate the important things in his life.A book not unlike `` Le Petit Prince ''
 Voil&agrave; un beau livre qui nous fait r&eacute;fl&eacute;chir sur le sens de la vie . En cons&eacute;quence , c'est un livre &agrave; lire lentement afin de se donner le temps de m&eacute;diter sur les messages cach&eacute;s derri&egrave;re l'histoire . Une mise en garde par contre , il faut tre d'humeur &agrave; vouloir r&eacute;fl&eacute;chir autrement on a l'impression de lire un r&eacute;cit quelque peu moralisateur.Deux extraits que ma nature fonceuse a particuli&egrave;rement aim&eacute;s : `` Une qute commence toujours par la Chance du D&eacute;butant . Et s ` ach&egrave;ve toujours par l' &Eacute;preuve du Conqu&eacute;rant . '' `` Quoi qu'elle fasse , toute personne sur terre joue toujours le rle principal de l'Histoire du monde . Et normalement elle n'en sait rien . `` Voil&agrave; donc deux citations pouvant nous aider &agrave; toujours faire de notre mieux dans la vie . Esp&eacute;rons qu'elles pourront inspirer d'autres gens .
 I never left the side of the young shepherd boy and thoroughly enjoyed his quest for the Alchemist . I found sometimes , page after page would have me pondering like reading Anthony de Mello 's snap-shot guiding stories , for each interaction that came to the boy brought new light to reflect & consider . A truely magnificent work to mirror back to ones own life and a genuine portal to allow movement into other worlds around ourselves that do , it seems , exist ; coincidences , chance meetings . The adults ' Harry Potter surely .
 En r&eacute;sum&eacute; , si vous tes dans une p&eacute;riode de votre vie o&ugrave; tout semble arriver sans raison et but pr&eacute;cis ... ce livre pourrais bien vous redonnez de l'espoir et vous aider &agrave; comprendre '' le pourquoi '' de la vie.In resum&eacute; , if your stuck in a rut , and you feel like nothing is going like you planned out in life ; that your wondering why '' this or that '' is happenning ... this book will give you hope by allowing you to understand '' the why '' of life .
 I needed this book for my kids . They have to read it for their French school -LRB- we are French -RRB- . Did they like it ? I do n't know ... But I suppose they like it as all students who must read books ...
 Il y a des temps que Mr. Coello nous avons donn&eacute; une histoire de honor et de myst&egrave;re . Cet histoire &eacute;tre publi&eacute; en different langues . Je l'ai li en anglais et en franais seulement . La histoire rendu &eacute;tai fid&egrave;le , excellent , et grand . Il raconte du rve de un bon garon que cherche le monde pour trouver un inconnu tr&eacute;sor . Il l' a r&eacute;ussi ... mais ... Je suis certain qui il a trouv&eacute; deux tr&eacute;sors ... voila ! vous devez lire la histoire maintenant pour d&eacute;couvrir le myst&eacute;re ; s ` il vous plait .
 I liked very much this book . I already read it in Spanish , and now in French . Great author.Regarding the product itself , it was in very good conditions .
 Great book ... my friend will really like this book especially since it is in French . Hope to order more books soon from this retailer
 I loved the book it really looks new . And the owner was great , she had sent me the book on time and replied to my emails every time I contacted her.Thanks !
 que dire d un livre pareil !! , il n en parait que 1 tous les 20 ans !! a lire absolument , une vraie source d inspiration ... un classique comme `` le petit prince '' en plus mure , reflechis et superbement bien ecrit . si je devais partir sur une ile deserte avec un choix de 10 livres seulement , `` l alchimiste serait l un d eux !!
 This is an extraordinary story about optimism , hope , courage and perseverance . It is about finding out what is our ` mission ' in life , about destiny and following our dreams - whenever one wishes something , the whole universe conspires to its realisation . Everything is possible as long as we really want this to happen.At the first level , the story seems to be very simple , and as Coelho himself said it , `` simple things are the most valuable and only wise people appreciate them '' . But it is by far a very complex story with very deep meanings.One of the things suggested here is that people who do n't dare to follow their dreams , their ` Personal Myth ' , will have a superficial and empty life.It is also about being courageous to meet your destiny , to dare making your dreams come true and following the road that has been made for them , and find God while searching for their destiny and their mission on earth.Another important issue in this book is finding your soul-mate and love - the core of existence and creation . When we are in love we try to improve ourselves
 this book is amazing . I love this author his stories are so personal and keep you right in the story . eash story has a moral or thought that helps you remember special times in your life . well worth reading .
 This is an intriguing work of non-fiction about Gypsies and the lives that they lead here in the United States . It focuses on one particular branch of Gypsies and the clan warfare that made their clan the ascendant one and its leader , Tene Bimbo , the self-proclaimed King of the Gypsies.The author presents an unvarnished look at Gypsies . He notes their insularity and clannishness , their lives lived on the fringes of mainstream society , and the classic cons by which they survive . Scorning education , nine-to-five jobs , and anyone outside of their cultural milieu , they are a fascinating group of people with their own complex rules and regulations by which they live.The book also relates an ongoing and violent family feud , between Tene Bimbo 's son , Carranza , and his grandson , Steve , Carranza 's son . It is a feud that was exacerbated when King Tene Bimbo died and left his legacy to Steve , bypassing Carranza . What was more surprising was that Steve had rejected the traditional Gypsy lifestyle and was trying to lead a more mainstream life , urging others to do the same.This is a well written , well researched book that provides a fascinating glimpse of a group of people and a lifestyle about which little is known . Gypsies definitely live lives that are outside the parameters of accepted norms of behavior . Those who have an interest in other cultures , as well as those with an interest in the true crime genre , will certainly enjoy this book , which has six pages of black and white photographs .
 By the author of SERPICO and THE VALACHI PAPERS.The incredible but true story of the mysterious , intrigue-filled world of the gypsy -- a world of bloody tribal vendettas and vicious swindles that swirl unseen and unnoticed around us.Most gypsies cling to centuries-old taboos and rituals , do n't pay taxes and ca n't read or write . Yet they flourish from coast to coast , drive Cadillacs and Lincoln Continentals , and have turned thievery into an art form . You will learn how they do it in this irresistible book.A masterful play-by-play expose of gypsy violence , revenge , con games , and shams as well as an amazing collection of gyspsy folklore.A book , like all of Peter Maas novels , that was turned into a movie starring Sterling Hayden , Judd Hirsch , Annette O'Toole , Annie Potts , Eric Roberts , Susan Sarandon , Brooke Shields , and Shelley Winters .
 The Bimgo clan of Gypsies is perhaps the most notorious of allthe clans , according to Peter Maas . For one thing , they operate inNew York and Chicago - gangster towns . But they differ from the Mafiain that they pare primarily con artists and thieves - not murderers -LRB- unless cornered -RRB- and their women are never prostitutes.SinceGypsies have begun traveling in cars instead of horses and coveredwagon caravans , they 've become even more invisible . There are Gypsiesnow on all of the continents of the Earth with many tribes - theKalderasha , the Lowara , Tshurana , Muchwaya , among others . Mostanciently , they were musicians , fortune tellers , coppersmiths - butnever farmers . Now they are all of the above as well as con artistsextraordinaire . `` The success of any good con hinges on takingthe victim where he wants to go , '' quotes the author from a policereporter . `` These women are very , very good . You can even go inthere knowing it 's a setup , and they 'll have you unstrung in minutes.Sometimes when they 're operating like that , I think they believe itthemselves . `` Popular wisdom says they came from India sincetheir Romany language has Sanskrit roots , but they all count in Greek -LRB- probably beginning from the time when Alexander the Great brought atroupe of Gypsey musicians , actors , fortune tellers , and metelsmithsto Macedonia -RRB- . They have intermarried and absorbed cultural practicesfrom every country they have traveled through , but the Roma remaindistinct and independent - and obstinately illiterate . They refuse tosend their children to `` Gadje '' schools -LRB- a Sanskrit wordmeaning warrior - or ` non-gypsey ' -RRB- . If pressure by the local populaceto put their children in school becomes too great - they move on . Butthey did n't move fast enough during the holocaust because almost asmany Gypsies as Jews went to the gas chambers.This book chroniclesthe true story of King Tene and Queen Mary Bimbo - the King and queenof the Gypsies in New York , where they rented store fronts and thewomen practiced the Boojo - an elaborate con game designed to separatewealthy Gadje from their money . In an interview with an old Gypseymatriarch , Aunt Hazel , Maas recorded her statement that , `` Allright , she said with a massive shrug , `` it 's true that we stealwith the hands , but you Gadje - you Americans - YOU steal with thepencils . '' Her voice rose . `` And how many Gypsies you seegoing to jail for 20 , 50 years for murderings and rapings andmuggings ? `` King Tene Bimbo and Queeen Mary had a son , CarranzaTene , an alcoholic , who was disliked by other Gypsies and wasparticularly brutal with his own family . He forced his daughters tomarry while he pocketed the large bride prices -LRB- women are veryvaluable to Gypsey cultures as they are ususally the primarybreadwinners - especially now in modern society -RRB- . Carranza 's son , Steve Tene , freed one of his sisters from a hateful marriage , therebyincurring the wrath of his father . But then the old Granfather died - King Tene - and bypassed Carranza , his eldest son , and on hisdeathbed , gave the gold ring and medallion of Gypsey Kingship to hisgrandson , Steve Tene , who is the subject of this bookCarranza putan uncharacteristically Gypsey contract on his son 's head - attemptingto kill him many times - but the Gypsies honored the old man 's lastwishes and gave Steve Tene his grandfather 's gold medallion and ring . -LRB- There is a picture in the book of the handsome Steve - he looks likeOmar Sherif -RRB- wearing the ring and holding the medallion with a bemusedexpression on his face . He did n't WANT to be King of the Gypsies.His only pronoucements as King have been to encourage Gypsieseverywhere to become educated and get into the legitmate professions.They are a very intelligent people . Steve has his champions and hisdetractors . All this stuff is still going on and last I 've heard , Steve Tene is still alive and still King.I ca n't imagine why thisbook is out of print . The author is also the author of * Serpico * . Anexcellent movie was made by the same title and is still available onamazon.com . It stars such notables as Susan Sarandon , Eric Roberts , ayoung Brooke Shields , and even Shelly Winters . The film takes someliberties -LRB- has Steve throwing the ring and medallion into hisgrandfather 's grave . Did n't happen -RRB- . But for the most part , themovie follows the book , which is a true story , and yet many are underthe impression that the movie is wholly fiction . It 's not.Foranyone who has become as fascinated as I have with this most ancientculture -LRB- and I believe their origins are much more ancient than India -RRB- this is a must-read . These are real interviews with real people and anumber of interesting photographs of real Gypsies are included - notsome scholarly tome to be moldering away on the shelves of theunread.Peter Maas put all the the investigatory power and insightthat went into * Serpico * into this book , and I think it should see asecond printing ...
 Steve Tene Bimbo was 25yrs old when his grandfather King Tene died . The grand father skipped over his son -LRB- a fat gross slob -RRB- to give Steve the medallion and the ring of kingship . This set off a war.Gypsies are mostly known for their grift , scams and cons but when called upon they can fight and kill too . Several attempts are made on his life but he survives . Read this book and see what happens.Steve tells author Peter Maas that he wants to change and he wants to change the way the gypsies live . The book ends there and we do not know if he was successful . The book is very very short . You can read it almost in 1 sitting . Some of the reviews are longer than the book.bbp okc ok2009
 I will preface this review by saying that I realize Peter Maas 's book was written in 1978 , and I am writing this review in 2012 . But words -- once they are written -- will always bear weight . And stereotypes , unfortunately , will continue to exist unless they are challenged . While King of the Gypsies is well-researched -LRB- the author used actual news files to document his sources -RRB- , it continues to promote the same familiar stereotypes of Gypsies . Again we see Gypsies portrayed as stealing , conniving , mafia-like people engaged in organized crime , fortune telling , and deadly tribal vendettas . While I do not doubt that this portrayal is supported in police records , I do wish the narrative had been better balanced . Not all Gypsies are thieves . Just like not all Italians belong to the Mafia . Nor all Muslims are extremists . I know intrigue is what sells books , but a little inclusion of alternative points of view/realities can make for even more interesting reading .
 This is from the same author as Serpico , and he is noticeably more comfortable when writing about police procedure and entanglements with the gypsies than their actual lives . However , Maas does give a good intro to life of the Roma in America and is quite informative with regard to the way roma sustain themselves in America . The lives of American Roma are vastly different than those of European Roma . The personal narrative of Steve Tene is powerful as a story on its own . And as any rom knows , there are no kings .
 This is an intriguing work of non-fiction about Gypsies and the lives that they lead here in the United States . It focuses on one particular branch of Gypsies and the clan warfare that made their clan the ascendant one and its leader , Tene Bimbo , the self-proclaimed King of the Gypsies.The author presents an unvarnished look at Gypsies . He notes their insularity and clannishness , their lives lived on the fringes of mainstream society , and the classic cons by which they survive . Scorning education , nine-to-five jobs , and anyone outside of their cultural milieu , they are a fascinating group of people with their own complex rules and regulations by which they live.The book also relates an ongoing and violent family feud , between Tene Bimbo 's son , Carranza , and his grandson , Steve , Carranza 's son . It is a feud that was exacerbated when King Tene Bimbo died and left his legacy to Steve , bypassing Carranza . What was more surprising was that Steve had rejected the traditional Gypsy lifestyle and was trying to lead a more mainstream life , urging others to do the same.This is a well written , well researched book that provides a fascinating glimpse of a group of people and a lifestyle about which little is known . Gypsies definitely live lives that are outside the parameters of accepted norms of behavior . Those who have an interest in other cultures , as well as those with an interest in the true crime genre , will certainly enjoy this book , which has six pages of black and white photographs .
 Written in the mid 1970 's by Peter Maas , author of both `` Serpico '' and `` The Valachi Papers '' , `` The King of the Gypsies '' served as the basis for a very memorable motion picture starring Eric Roberts , Judd Hirsch and several other well known actors.A nonfiction chronicle of gypsy life in the United States , this book is a short but fascinating read . It 's divided into four parts . Parts I and IV are primarily about a youth named Steve Tene whom author Peter Maas befriends . Not only is Steve a gypsy , he is gypsy royalty . But because of a loutish , abusive father , Steve makes a break with gypsy life and tries to become part of mainstream American society.Part II is a short history lesson of how gypsies over the centuries have lived as nomads traveling from their probable place of origin in northern India , through the Middle East , into Europe and Northern Africa and eventually to the New World . This part of the book also gives descriptions of classic gypsy swindles and even cites , in detail , real life con jobs taken from actual court proceedings.Part III is about Steve Tene 's grandfather King Tene Bimbo , the self proclaimed leader of American gypsies . It describes his crime ridden life and his heavy handed efforts to achieve and hold onto power . To the surprise of gypsies everywhere , while on his deathbed , King Tene bequeaths the symbols of leadership to none other than his prodigal grandson Steve.Of course , `` The King of the Gypsies '' is not a scholarly text . There is n't a single footnote and much of what is presented is anecdotal at best . It does , however succeed at being quite entertaining while at the same time giving some very interesting insights into how gypsies have maintained their identity over the centuries despite having no flag , no homeland and no religion of their own.One can not read this book without being conscious of the fact that gypsies are the only ethnic group it remains okay to talk about in disparaging terms . When the antisocial behavior of members of any other ethnic minority is discussed , it is done so with the understanding that outside factors like poverty , racism , discrimination , etc. are very much a large part of the picture . Moreover , it is always made clear that the individuals exhibiting bad behavior do not accurately represent the ethnic group as a whole . Not so with gypsies.This book reinforces and expands on the widely held perception that antisocial behavior comes part and parcel with gypsy culture itself.Examples of such negative perceptions are
 I had this book in Hard copy and it got lost some years ago , I love the book and will probably by another hardback , but the paper back will do for now .
 I believe that not all Gypsy people are evil or criminals but this book gives a great insight to the lifestyle . Wonderful writing , and a quick and easy read .
 This is an intriguing work of non-fiction about Gypsies and the lives that they lead here in the United States . It focuses on one particular branch of Gypsies and the clan warfare that made their clan the ascendant one and its leader , Tene Bimbo , the self-proclaimed King of the Gypsies.The author presents an unvarnished look at Gypsies . He notes their insularity and clannishness , their lives lived on the fringes of mainstream society , and the classic cons by which they survive . Scorning education , nine-to-five jobs , and anyone outside of their cultural milieu , they are a fascinating group of people with their own complex rules and regulations by which they live.The book also relates an ongoing and violent family feud , between Tene Bimbo 's son , Carranza , and his grandson , Steve , Carranza 's son . It is a feud that was exacerbated when King Tene Bimbo died and left his legacy to Steve , bypassing Carranza . What was more surprising was that Steve had rejected the traditional Gypsy lifestyle and was trying to lead a more mainstream life , urging others to do the same.This is a well written , well researched book that provides a fascinating glimpse of a group of people and a lifestyle about which little is known . Gypsies definitely live lives that are outside the parameters of accepted norms of behavior . Those who have an interest in other cultures , as well as those with an interest in the true crime genre , will certainly enjoy this book , which has six pages of black and white photographs .
 I bought this book on ebay , as it 's been out-of-print for years . Do n't bother with the movie ; not only is the casting all wrong , but the reality was 100 times worse . Caranza Tene looked nothing like Judd Hirsch and was unbelievable violent . Steven Tene grew up in a culture where kids were n't allowed to go to school and had to beg and steal for their families . Girls were married off at age 11 and had to work , while their husbands did nothing . Loyalty meant giving all your earnings to your husband or father . If you made your fellow Gypsies angry , they 'd lie to the police to get you in trouble.I 'd like to see this book reissued , with a chapter on where they are now . Caranza Tene is definitely dead , and Steve Tene must be in his 60 's . The telephone psychic industry probably cut into the market for fortune-tellers , so I wonder if the women now have regular jobs ?
 Peter Maas -LRB- author or Serpico and the Valachi Papers -RRB- writes a startling true tale of Gypsies in America . Anyone interested in true crime , or organized ethnic crime groups , or the trials of people swimming upstream into assimilation after arriving in America will find this book fascinating . Candid without being crude or bigoted , the author treats the subject matter and his protagonist fairly and respectfully . A great companion to &#60; Hastened to the Grave &#62; a true crime paperback about the living cousins of this book 's protagonist .
 This is the biography of someone who was really a Gypsy ... a Gypsy `` King '' , no less . A lot of New Agers , Wiccans , occult types try to claim the stories about Gypsies and their occult con games are propaganda . This book tells the real story of Gypsies and their bunco swindles , and it comes straight form the horse 's mouth . It details how Gypsies used con games -LRB- apparently right up until 1978 when the book was written and beyond -RRB- to earn a living , including phony `` occult '' scams played upon gullible non-gypsies or `` bujos '' , such as fortunetelling , psychics , curses , and also more mundane scams , such as having their kids swallow diamond rings at posh jewlery stores and later collecting the `` rewards '' as nature took its course . A must have book for anyone interested in debunking the occult .
 This book was very interesting ! I particularly enjoyed the letters back and forth between Emily and her family in PA and seeing how much cooking has changed -LRB- and not changed ! -RRB- . There are a couple of the ` receipts ' I intend to try when I can for my family meals ! I also was fascinated by the pictures of the family and actually getting to put ` faces ' with what I was reading ! Good book and excellent value to add to my library -LRB- - :
 This edition of Oscar Wilde 's work - in addition to its inclusion of much personal correspondence - is a fascinating look at the author and , notably , his personal travails.The novel , of course , and the plays are classics , but I found the letters to be a juicy narrative all their own . The twists and turns of his doomed affair with Lord Alfred Douglas , affectionately called `` Bosie '' in touching - and bitter - love notes from prison , are here to peruse . Reading them , you get a sense of Wilde 's personal feelings at the time of his famed trial and arrest for sodomy , his anguish at losing Bosie and going to jail . It 's fascinating , juicy stuff - made all the more touching by the fact that it all occurred without shame , in plain view , over 100 years ago.Wilde 's a great character , a great author , a good role model for gay life and a hysterical wit . And this book is a must .
 Edited by Richard Aldington . Stories include the picture of dorian gray , salome , the importance of being earnest , de profundis , many poems and the selfish giant .
 For the reader who has never experienced Oscar Wilde 's work before , this collection serves as a fabulous in-depth introduction . Included are Wilde 's most well-known works , including `` The Picture of Dorian Gray '' and `` The Importance of Being Earnest . '' Both are absolutely superb pieces of literature . Also included are a fascinating letter written by Wilde while in prison , an essay on art and criticism , poetry , and personal letters and anecdotes . Serious students of Wilde might want to considering reading a more complete collection , but for a casual fan of classic literature , it 's hard to beat this selection . Oscar Wilde should definitely be read by anyone who appreciates a sharp wit and profound intellect .
 The Penguin/Viking `` Portable '' series make for great intros to many of the world 's finest writers , and this edition is no exception . Wilde was a tortured man , living a double life which ultimately led to his imprisonment and bankruptcy in Victorian England . His writings reflect the dichotomy he faced in both is personal life and artistic endeavors during that period.Beginning with a solid life intro , and discussion of the writings by the editors , the collection begins with his essay `` The Critic as Artist '' , setting the stage for the follow on plays , prose and poetry that follow.The next work is `` The Picture of Dorian Gray '' in its entirety . The novel reads reminds this reader of Dostoyevsky , and examines the duality of a life artificially lived , and the hiddenness of the soul and the effect of sin on the soul and visage of the man . Somewhat biographical to all men , Dorian Gray takes on even more poignancy when read against the backdrop of Wilde 's own life.Also contained in the compilation are the plays `` Solome '' and `` The Importance of Being Earnest '' , one a tragedy and the other a comedy . Included in the poetry is `` The Ballad of Reading Gaol '' , a haunting expose of the prison life and soul rending experience of Wilde while in prison . There are other short stories and a collection of letters as well , including a letter to his lover entitled `` De Profundis '' . In all , this is a great intro to Wilde . I had never read any of his works prior to picking up this volume , and am now richer for the experience . A fine author , and a tragic figure - his tribulations come through in his work , and provide the reader with an appreciation of the man and his times .
 Oscar Wilde was a master of prose . No student of English literature should ignore him ; they might not agree with him on a thousand things -LRB- even Wilde felt it was perfectly acceptable for him to disagree with himself -RRB- but his wit , his humor , and most importantly his love of beautiful things , must not be tossed aside . Wilde was a genius and a master of the English word .
 This moving , emotional book should be required reading for every parent!It is a collection of letters and essays Wipf wrote to her son , Tommy , during and shortly after his death from a rare genetic disease . It is incredibly powerful . You will cry , you will laugh , you will be touched and changed by this book . In my opinion , Wipf has given us one of the most intimate , touching and honest books ever written.Mostly , of course , her letters are heart-breaking in their joy and love for her son , but the greatest gift is her honesty . At times she is angry . At times her Tommy is ... well , a little boy , full of mischief and profoundly annoying . He may be sick with a deadly disease , but he still wants what he wants , right now ! Those letters , by themselves , will be profoundly healing for anyone who has lost a loved one and feels guilt or confusion or shame over the range of their emotions , which naturally include anger at times.Having read this marvelous little book , I am changed . The morning air seems fresher , my wife 's touch seems warmer and more precious . As the Buddhists say , all things are `` impermanent '' and we must hold onto the joys and riches of life while we can.Do yourself a favor and get this little book ! First , read it . Then , share it with people you love . Give a copy to someone who has lost a loved one to illness or tragedy . Ms Wipf has done something magnificent and those who read her words will be wiser and more joyful for it.I was amazed and a bit disheartened when my local bookstore did n't have it . I was even more surprised when I found I was the first one to review it at Amazon ! This book deserves to be on your shelf - for your own growth , and so you 'll be able to give to someone who needs it when the time comes . Buy this book !
 This is a book I want to give to those I love and hand down to future generations . I love the cover and the story behind the agates which in its own way sets the tone for the entire book . Jane is indeed a most gifted writer , and I thank her for sharing her intimate journey with all of us . Her letters to her young son are her way of dealing with her grief over his terminal illness and his eventual death , but they are so much more . They are a gift to all of us who have ever suffered a loss or who have ever had to hold fast to our faith when we found ourselves on an unfamiliar journey where we had to find our way step by step . Highly Recommended !
 Jane is an incredibly gifted writer ! Once I started reading her letters to Tommy I could not put the book down ! Each letter portrays such unconditional love , honesty and vulnerability , after I finished the book -LRB- two days later -RRB- I felt as if I had known Wipf 's for years . This book allowed me see death from a different perspective and helped me through an unexpected death of a loved one just months after I finished the book . Thanks Jane for opening your heart to all of us !!
 This book has been on the periphery of my attention for years , and when I got a Kindle , I decided to give it a try . If you 've ever read `` A Study in Emerald '' by Neil Gaiman and enjoyed it , then , the Anno Dracula series is for you . Gaiman , in fact , help plot the first story , which is full of winks and nods to the fiction of the time.In any event , the story of What Happened After Dracula is fascinating . Told from a half-dozen different perspectives -LRB- all which wind up intertwining -RRB- , Kim Newman crafted an intricate , enjoyable universe . His prose is tight , and he does n't bother trying to explain everything off the bat . Personally , I like having to pay attention to what I 'm reading , so this was fun.I 'm almost through `` The Bloody Red Baron , '' the sequel to this book , and I 'm still enjoying it . Ca n't wait 'til next month , when the 3rd book makes its way to the Kindle !
 This novel was unexpected and familiar at the same time . I am eagar to read as much as possible in a day .
 This was an interesting take on the vampire stories , blending historical facts and historical fiction , plus a `` who dunnit . '' It is set in an alternate Victorian England , and it really paints a picture of the times . The characters are well developed for the most part . It wo n't be a spoiler to say that the author developed different kinds -LRB- blood lines -RRB- of vampires , which was a creative twist . I enjoyed it , and it left me wondering what happens to the main characters after the climactic end .
 I love mixing the historical with the characters from mythology and `` B '' horror films ! This one is one of the best ! Is there another in the works ? Hope so !
 One of the best suspense books I have had the pleasure to read . The characters are a dynamic mix that make the story had to put down . You develop and understanding for the villian were you empathize with him while at the same time you feel for the hero and heroine to catch him . A must read for those who like suspense novels .
 Consider what might have happened to England if Dracula had survived Stoker 's novel . This is the premise upon which Newman 's story is built . Fortunately , his knowledge of Victorian history and literature is matched only by his brilliant ability as a storyteller . Newman is one of the best !
 I bought Kim Newman 's book ` Dracula Cha Cha Cha ' a couple of years ago , and enjoyed it so much I resolved to buy the other books in the series . However , they appear to be out of print , and ` Anno Dracula ' was only available through Amazon 's -LRB- excellent -RRB- second hand book sales facility.I was delighted when the book arrived , and the book itself lived up to my anticipation . There are so many literary and historical allusions to the era -LRB- 1880s / 1890s -RRB- and part of the fun is seeing how many you know or can understand . They add to rather than detract from the excellent story telling.This book should really be reissued .
 Kim Newman acknowledges Howard Waldop -LRB- among many others -RRB- in the back of this book , with the note , `` I 'm not worthy . '' I disagree . Newman has his own take on alternate history , and there 's room enough for him , even around the legendary Waldrop . In all actuality , Anno Dracula is n't alternate history -- it 's alternate fiction , because Newman 's stepping off point from the norm is n't in any history book , but Bram Stoker 's Dracula -LRB- in fact , on page 249 of Leonard Wolf 's annotated edition , recently updated as The Essential Dracula -RRB- . To compare Newman with another author , you might say that Anno Dracula is the horror novel that Philip Jose Farmer would have written if he still did that sort of thing -LRB- instead of collaborating with that ... Piers Anthony -RRB- , for Anno Dracula also pulls in Inspector Lestrade , Dr. Jekyll , Dr. Moreau , Mycroft Holmes , among others . In fact , after awhile , I started wondering if my pulp education had missed something in that I did not recognize where the protagonist , Charles Beauregard , came from -LRB- although I did finally recognize the origin of Genevieve from the references to Camilla -RRB- . There 's one page that reads as an homage to all the vampires in fiction , and any vampire trivia fan 's nightmare . But Anno Dracula is more than a mere bundle of literary in-jokes . It 's also a well-written adventure novel , in the vein -LRB- pun intended -RRB- of Tim Powers , to mention yet another author . While it is marketed as a horror novel , and has a requisite amount of gore and teeth , I felt that the noveau term `` dark fantasy '' fits it better , or even steampunk , to once again compare it to Powers and books like The Anubis Gates and Jeter 's Infernal Devices . I used to read Interzone fairly regularly , and Newman was quite a staple of that magazine in recent years . I was never overly impressed by his writing there , although I recognized that he had talent . Given Anno Dracula , however , I 'd be willing to give Newman several other chances .
 One of the best vampires books ever written . It combines thesuspense of a mystery novel with the mysteries of the vampire.Dracula has defeated Van Helsing , and become Queen Victoria ` sadvisor . Now it 's ` in ' to be a vampire , and vampires areappearing in all walks of life , but someone in Whitechapelis killing off the vampire whores . We are re-introduced tothe characters from the original Bram Stoker novel , but asan added bonus to history and literature fans , there arecameo appearances from some of the greatest characters fromthe literature and history of the Victorian era , from Jackthe Ripper to Sherlock Holmes , and even a friendly jab atAnne Rice . A definite MUST read for any vampire/history/literaturefan .
 This is a truly unique novel . Newman presents us with a London virtually taken over by the undead . Vampires have come out of hiding and are now fully `` out '' . Living people -LRB- referred to as `` warm '' -RRB- flock to be turned , and vampires are now found in every walk of life from government to shop keeper to prostitute . Newman is extremely detailed , and he introduces numerous characters while weaving in actual historical occurrences into the story . We get a glimpse of this London at the time of the Whitechapel murders ; only this time , the Ripper preys on vamp prostitutes , and his identity harkens back to Stoker 's DRACULA.All in all , this is a delightful and creative novel . It is a breath of fresh air amidst the Lestat wannabes . Keeping up with all the different characters can be a task , but if you give this novel a chance , you most definitely wo n't be disappointed . This is the first novel of a trilogy , and I 'm rushing to read the next in the series -LRB- BLOODY RED BARON -RRB- .
 When an author bases a large part of his story on characters ` borrowed ' from someone else , it 's usually a bad sign . Nine times out of ten it means the author could n't create something original and so resorted to piggy-backing on the success of a better writer.Fortunately , Kim Newman is an exception to this rule . He works with other people 's characters because it 's something he does very well . The ` celebrity cameos ' come across as real people , true to their original authors , and he resists the temptation to overuse them - several of the most famous remain in the shadows , never actually named in the novel.His `` what-if '' treatment of a world where vampirism is no secret is also convincing and thoroughly researched ; bloodsucking and the machinations of Victorian England make for a weird and wonderful combination . What happens to society when the leading players no longer die to make room for a new generation ? How do the ` warm ' deal with vampiric friends and colleagues?As other reviewers have noted , Newman 's main weakness is in his endings . The story starts well , gets even better as it builds and builds ... and then suddenly it 's as if he had to finish it before he hit the back cover . On a second reading the ending seems a little less abrupt , but a less hurried tying-up of ends would still have been appreciated . That 's a minor criticism , though , of what 's otherwise a very good book . If you have n't read any of Kim Newman 's work before , this is a good place to start ; the good news is that the sequels are just as good as the original .
 This was a unique take on the Dracula tale , a sort of continuation of the Stoker version but with a major twist
 If you do n't like to mix timelines or book heros then this is not for you but if you like to mix it up this is the one .
 I hate vampires but I liked this book . Once you get past the first several chapters of meeting characters and back story , things get moving . The literary allusions are fun when you catch them , -LRB- and if you do n't , you can check the last pages of the book after you finish the story -RRB- . The story which really gets rolling after several chapters is rich and well structured . The characters are real and a bit unpredictable . I found that I really did like more of them than I thought I would . The relationships between people - vampires and not -- are fascinating . I think becoming a vampire heightens the good and the bad in the people . I found myself really caring about what would happen to them . To me , that is one of the marks of a good book . The depictions of power and power relationships is convincing . To say more would be a spoiler so this is it from me on this book .
 As an author I am amazed at the intricacy of the plot , characters fictional and historical , and world she has created . I enjoyed Anno Dracula very much , but must admit to feeling rather stupid for not getting more of the references .
 Many of these reviews have already laid out the story 's premise and characters . I feel it my duty to comment on the last 20 pages , which are as deeply haunting as they are unforgettable . In those pages , the detective protagonist finally confronts the Prince of Vampires , and Kim Newman shows he is a true wizard of imagery . Dracula 's court is a mixture of Bram Stoker 's vision and an Hieronymous Bosch painting , and leaves an undelible mark on the reader .
 This book , one of the best vampire books ever writen will captivate your mind and your body for the whole ride . Prepare yourself for the knowledge of what happened after Bram 's book , why Bram 's wrote it and a lot more
 Finally a literature piece about a halfway decent , but realistically scary story with a very moving plot .
 the vampire novel and the alternate history . Those that accuse the author of name dropping must realize that it is customary in a `` what-if '' story , just to see who survived the change from the reality we all know and expect . Newman 's skill lies in tapping the richness of real and literary Victorian London . His other smart move was keeping Dracula off-stage for most of the book . As one character states , Dracula has his own gravity , and the mere whisper of his name has ripple effects throughout the story , as it does in real life . Fans of horror and speculative history should really enjoy this book and the sequels that come after .
 I , like many of the other reviewers here , had never even heard of Kim Newman ... until `` Anno Dracula '' caught my eye in the bargain-bin at my local half-priced book store . It looked like it might be interesting , so I wagered the 50 cent cost that it would be . Well to my pleasant surprise it was good ! Newman does an excellent job weaving fiction and non-fiction ... particularly the events surrounding the real-life Jack the Ripper , a topic I too have always been fascinated with -LRB- in fact I found myself not only reading this book for the pure enjoyment of it , but also often stopping and comparing Newman 's version of Jack the Ripper with non-fiction books on that subject I also own ... he did an impressive and believable job with his `` alternate/vampire '' version -RRB- . I guess the only thing that was distracting for me was Newmans portrayal of vampirism as simply another way of `` life '' ... to the point that it was commonplace in society ... even `` tres chic '' . But after finishing the novel and reflecting on it , as written it does make sense . But I have to admit it took a long time for me to `` familiarize '' myself with his version of vampires ... took at least 100 pages just to figure out exactly what was going on in his world ! -LRB- e.g. vampires having careers , working alongside regular people , etc. . I guess I 'm still biased to the `` old-fashioned '' notion of vampires as purely evil and scary who live in coffins ... not as furry , shapeshifting hookers , genial newspaper reporters , or possible girlfriends as is the case with Newmans vampires ! -RRB- . But anyway , I 'm glad I stayed with it though the potentially confusing initial setup , because the novel as a whole turned out to be a fun and thoroughly enjoyable read . I recommend it , too . -LRB- Oh , and I 'll also admit that the `` name-dropping '' of famous people of that era who pop in and out of the story at any given time -LRB- those both fictional and non-fictional -RRB- added to the fun too ... but I will say that having the Elephant Man `` save the day '' at the end was really pushing it ! -RRB- : - -RRB-
 I did not know anything about the author Kim Newman but when I read the jacket I knew i had to have this book.The mixing in all of the fictional and non-fictional characters was a brilliant idea .
 I 'm a quarter of the way through this and my interest has peaked and troughed.Peaks : - The array of real and fictional characters and their often amusing relationships with each other - The entire premise - a very refreshing vampire faceliftTroughs : - Parts are quite polarised - particularly those concerning Genevieve - Bit confusing keeping up at one part with several characters having similar names -LRB- but maybe that 's just me ! -RRB- It dipped a bit for me and I thought I might end up driving a silver knife through it , but I stuck with it and now I look forward to times when I can sit down and read it.Kim Newman 's concept is brilliant .
 I enjoyed this book for many reasons.Among them.the use of historical figures and characters borrowed from books of the era.Vampires are used as a metaphor for the class structure of G.B. . The pecking order among the undead is based on their time after re-birth . Strength grows as time passes .
 Newman offers a vivid recreation of the Victorian era , but with a sly twist . Jack the Ripper prowls Whitechapel killing prostitutes in a most brutal manner . But , as it turns out , this madman is Jack Seward , one of the vampire hunters known to devotee 's of Bram Stoker 's Dracula . In Newman 's universe , however , Seward and his pals , Harker and Van Helsing , are defeated by Dracula . This Prince of Wallachia , also known as Vlad Tepes is now Prince Consort , Lord Protector and , husband to Queen Victoria . For the elite of society it becomes important to cultivate prominent vampire friends of the Prince , and if possible to convince one of these creatures to `` turn '' them . This social game goes on at all levels . Even the prostitutes killed by Jack the Ripper are vampires - although a diseased , sickly variety - whose lives remain as hellish as before.There are many characters mixed up in the race to find the Ripper and stop the killings . Among these are two of note , one a `` warm '' police detective , McKenzie , who does his duty while cringing at the brutality of Dracula 's minions , and the other , Kostaki , a soldier companion of the Prince who `` turned '' at the same time , and goes about doing Dracula 's bidding - impaling still the punishment of choice . Yet in their efforts to track the Ripper , Kostaki and McKenzie find a grudging respect for one another . Kostaki even demonstrates a glimmer of a conscience reawakened through his association with the mortal detective.One of the most charming characters in recent vampire fiction is Genevieve , who received her dark kiss 500 years before , making her even older than Vlad Tepes . This gives her a bit of an advantage in society for among vampires age is greatly revered . She works as a nurse among the poor , a ministering angel loved by warms and vampires alike . It is she along with her mortal lover Beauregard , who must in the end confront the evil Prince Dracula.This story engages on many levels . Besides being literate and witty it describes the social swirls that pervaded the late nineteenth century . Newman also gathers an ensemble of Victorian characters - historical and fictional . Part of the fun of reading this novel is seeing where they will pop up . The author has created an engrossing , entertaining story that will appeal to a wide variety of readers . -LRB- A shorter , earlier version of this story appeared under the title Red Reign in the anthology , The Mammoth Book of Vampires , edited by Stephen Jones . -RRB-
 For me , Steampunk started with this book . It brought to me the beauty and anachronisms of the Victorian culture mixed with the surprises and action of modern sci/fi . My wife , who loves vampire stories probably even more than I do , had never read the book and when I went about trying to find a copy of it for her , it seemed impossible . Thank god for the internet -LRB- and to a lesser extent , Amazon -RRB- . I was finally able to get a used hardback for a sum that was n't too insulting . My wife tore through it and loved the weirdness as much as I do . It is crazy that this book has not had a recent reprint . Who ever is responsible for that should be slapped once or twice .
 This was a real find for me . Having loved and taught the original `` Dracula , '' I was transfixed by every page . Not to say that you need to have studied the original to enjoy this one - it 's a thrilling , multi-layered novel that any fan of good writing should love . However , if you are a fan of the original story , this is an absolute must . This edition is also very special , as it contains annotations at the conclusion that explain all of the different characters and ideas referenced in the novel , as well as Newman 's thought-process as he constructed this extraordinary world . I was amazed to find that it had gone out of print after its original publication ; I suppose we can credit the current vampire craze to its being reissued . Regardless , it 's a must for genre fans !
 It is 1888 and vampires are everywhere ! From holding elite positions in the government to overwhelming the slums of Whitechapel , vampires have integrated into society . How would the presence of vampires change Victorian , England ? This is exactly what Mr. Kim Newman tackles in his thriller novel ` Anno Dracula ' . Not only is Newman spot on in his depiction of London in 1888 , but he also brings in a wide range of fictional characters from Victorian novels including their authors!Characters Charles Beauregard and Genevieve Dieudonne team up to be an unstoppable duo in search of Jack the Ripper . It is hard to put the book down once you 've started reading . So glad Titan Books reprinted this ! I hope they continue with the sequel Anno Dracula
 I 'm a fan of alternate history more then I am of vampires . But having always had an interest in Bram Stoker 's Dracula I was surprised to learn via a documentary on vampire novels that the two had been combined together into one novel by British critic and novelist Kim Newman . Anno Dracula is a fine example of the alternate history genre , combining the what might have been in reality with one of literature 's great tales of horror.The novel 's premise is a simple yet interesting one to be sure . What if Van Helshing and his followers failed to stop Count Dracula and the vampire took over Britain ? Newman combines this with the Victorian London -LRB- and to a lesser extent Britain -RRB- of both real and fiction . The plot hinges on the mysterious murders of vampire prostitutes being committed by the serial killer known first as Silver Knife and then as Jack The Ripper . Newman has clearly done his research as he creates an entire panoramic portrait of this world that combines the best and worst of the era with vampires . Perhaps even more surprising is how seamlessly everything fits together , changing a detail here or there to fit this nation overrun by vampires . Newman 's version of the society is a perfect example of this as people of all classes begin converting to being vampires in an attempt to rise in social status . In fact perhaps the novel 's best written section is chapter thrirty-eight which in incredible detail shows us the aftermath of a character choosing to take this action for herself . All of this means that Newman 's Victorian London under vampire control is one of the most incredible worlds to ever an alternate story.Newman fills this world with a massive cast of characters . To start with there 's the lead characters of the vampire Genevieve Dieudonne and the human Charles Beauregard who are sent to investigate the Ripper murders . While they could n't be much more different from each other -LRB- Genevieve is a vampire older then Dracula in the body of a sixteen year old while Charles is a thirty-five or so year old adventurer -RRB- the two of them share a great chemistry , particularity as both are world weary from their respective lifetimes . It is through them , and their respective views of this world , that the reader is shown not only this world but the large cast of supporting characters . These supporting characters includes those who really existed such as Sir Charles Warren , Florence Stoker -LRB- wife of guess who -RRB- , the victims of Jack the Ripper and Oscar Wilde amongst others . Then there 's the cast of fictional characters including characters from the Sherlock Holmes stories -LRB- such as Inspector Lestrade and Mycroft Holmes plus the occasional reference to the great detective himself -RRB- , Inspector Mackenzie and the good doctors Jekyll and Moreau who not only say true to the original characters who fit into this world almost seamlessly with the real ones . There 's also characters from Stoker 's original novel as well including Dr. Jack Seward who plays a major role in the proceedings of the novel . Queen Victoria and her Prince Consort , the infamous count from Transylvania himself , only appear in the novel 's ending but their appearance is well worth the wait as it makes for an incredible and unforgettable finale . The result is a novel that is not only full of an incredible setting but a lush and diverse tapestry of characters as well.In my opinion , Anno Dracula suffers from only one major flaw . While Newman spins an incredible vampire run version of Victorian London is truly fascinating , unfortunately there are a few times when the plot gets hung up on the details of this world which can bring the novel to a bit of a stand still . In short , the details of set dressing overwhelm the plot on a few occasions . Thanfully , and much to Newman 's credit as well , he is able to practically pick things up again quickly , which helps to minimize the effect . Which the exception of that occasional flaw , there 's little to see wrong with the novel.Anno Dracula is an incredible read to say the very least . It is an alternate world of a Victorian Britain turned vampire occupied by a large cast of characters . The characters , made up of people both real and fictional , make this world truly come alive right down to the novel 's incredible finale . While it does get perhaps too marred in details at times , one thing is certain . Anno Dracula is a fine example of not only the vampire novel but alternate history as well .
 `` Anno-Dracula '' is an alternative fiction of what might have befallen London if Van Helsing and his fellow vampire-hunters had been unsuccessful in slaying Count Dracula of Bram Stoker 's novel . It is now 1888 , just a few years since Dracula 's invasion of England , and the Vampire King has seduced the widowed Queen Victoria to become the Prince Consort . Now the true power behind the throne of the British Empire , Dracula has brought his medieval sensibilities to Britain , enforcing a draconian rule and consigning his political enemies to concentration camps . Vampires from all over the world have poured into London , where they can live openly . There is a vampire on every street corner , and more people choose to `` turn '' every day . But immortality is hardly guaranteed , as these new-borns often fall victim to squalor , violence , or disease.The population is divided into `` warm '' and `` cold '' , living and undead , who co-exist in an uneasy peace . A serial vampire killer is on the loose , eviscerating young vampire prostitutes with a sharp silver implement , one of the few things that can kill a vampire . The Silver Knife is the talk of every strata of London society . The police pursue him , as do more secretive and powerful societies . The Prime Minister , the vampire Lord Ruthven , has put his ambitious prot&eacute;g&eacute; Arthur Holmwood , Lord Godalming , on the case . The Diogenes Club , an organization that serves the Queen behind closed doors , has asked their agent Charles Beauregard to try to find the killer . Meanwhile , a medieval French vampire , Genevieve , cares for sick new-borns and laments the `` degenerate '' vampire who now occupies the throne.Kim Newman has overstuffed `` Anno-Dracula '' with so many ideas and characters that the reader can hardly keep up . Many of the plot-lines hardy seem necessary and do no more than create confusion . That is the book 's shortcoming . The main plot-lines of the Silver Knife , political intriguing against Dracula 's regime , Charles ' and Genevieve 's romance , and Arthur Holmwood 's ambition seem more than enough for one novel . But this world where living and un-dead live side-by-side , where people must navigate rapidly changing social norms to advance or preserve themselves , is surprising and fascinating . The social and political upheaval gives no hint of abating . This vampire nation , ruled by pre-modern , un-dead men , attempts to make up for in terror what it lacks in administrative ability . The resulting speculative politics and social mores make `` Anno-Dracula '' a must-read for `` Dracula '' fans .
 This is an obscure books for those into vamp novels . It 's set in Victorian England . The characters are superb and the tone is chilling . I would highly recommend this book .
 1888 London , and Dracula is hanging out with Queen Victoria , while in Whitechapel , prostitutes are dying strange bloody deaths ... It 's obvious that the author had a lot of fun writing this , and I had just as much reading it . Historical fact mixed with Newman 's particular sense of whimsy and walk on parts from fictional characters from the Victorian era , it 's a tremendous mixture.The ending comes a bit too quickly , and old Drac becomes a bit of a comic parody of a vampire lord , but all in all I loved it .
 There are books one simply should n't attempt to describe to the casual reader ; regardless of merit , they sound not just uninteresting , but deeply silly . In eighth grade I was reading Harry Turtledove 's Worldwar tetralogy , and a well-meaning classmate mentioned to our history teacher that I was reading a book about World War II . I was left to explain , `` Yes , it 's an alternate history where World War II is underway ... and then aliens invade . '' Mercifully , I 've forgotten what Mr. Dennett 's reaction was.The other day I was in the car , reading the new edition of Kim Newman 's landmark vampire alternate history Anno Dracula , and I happened to read a passage out to my mother . -LRB- For readers familiar with the book , it was the exchange of insults in the pub . -RRB- She asked what the book 's premise was , and I dutifully replied
 At the moment I write this , Kim Newman 's `` Anno Dracula '' is out of print . -LRB- Hopefully , by the time you read this , it will be available again . -RRB- It baffles me that such a wonderful recent novel -LRB- 1992 -RRB- could easily slip out of publication , especially when it is still very popular
 Kim Newman 's `` Anno Dracula '' has one of the most audacious plots imaginable -- let 's assume that Bram Stoker 's `` Dracula '' was non-fiction , and that Dracula defeated his nemesis , Van Helsing . Then , let 's assume that Dracula `` seduced '' Queen Victoria and is now the Prince Consort , effectively ruling Great Britain . Throw in Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes , Dr. Jekyll , John Merrick -LRB- the Elephant Man -RRB- , Jack the Ripper , and even a brief reference to the Lone Ranger -LRB- ! -RRB- , and you 've got one heck of an amazing world to spin a yarn.Newman 's Victorian England is populated by vampires and `` warm '' humans , and there is little shame in being a vampire . But not every vampire becomes a `` lord of darkness '' -- Newman shows many vampires scraping by , selling themselves just like the `` warm '' cheap harlots of London 's lower neighborhoods.In that murky world , Jack the Ripper is butchering vampire prostitutes , using vicious silver blades . Two kindred spirits , the `` warm '' adventurer Charles Beauregard and the ancient vampiress Genevieve , pursue Jack and seek to put a stop to his diabolical ends . Beauregard works at the behest of the mysterious cabal known as the Diogenes Club , a group dedicated to the removal of Dracula 's power , while Genevieve chases Jack out of mercy , trying to save the vampire-girls Jack seems hell-bent on savaging.Newman packs `` Anno Dracula '' with action , unlike other `` alternate vampire histories '' -LRB- granted , a limited genre -RRB- like Brian Stableford 's `` Empire of Fear . '' Beauregard 's prowess with a sword is easy to grasp , but Genevieve , an `` elder '' vampire even more ancient and powerful than Dracula , has powers far beyond the grasp of even other vampires . And even Genevieve meets a vampire that she can not fend off for long , a Chinese horror sure to give more than a few readers nightmares.A detective story that takes place in a London ready to explode in civil war where the `` warm '' take on the vampires and the vampires fight among themselves , `` Anno Dracula '' is a lark . Packed with enough gore and gothic eroticism to satisfy the vampire afficionado , `` Anno Dracula '' rarely goes over the top and manages to stay fairly grounded . A terrifying climactic stand-off between Beauregard , Genevieve , and Dracula ends ominously - Dracula is still out there , and he 's not going to take his lumps lying down . Here 's looking forward to the next in the series !
 I have a terrible habit of half reading books . I started `` Anno Dracula '' years ago , only to become distracted and set the story aside . Yet the novel 's compelling premise stuck with me
 I 'm very glad to have discovered this original , complicated but enthralling book by Kim Newman . In this take-off of Bram Stokers Dracula , the Count survived execution and went on to become the consort of Queen Victoria in 1888 . England is made up of the `` un-dead '' and the `` warm , '' and when a killer ` Silver Knife ' begins murdering vampire prostitutes , they must work together to track him down . Many names from the original Dracula , as well as other literary works find this way into the story , which is fun.I had a little trouble sticking with this book at first -- it is quite complex and with many characters -- but once I got pulled in , I could not put the book down . I highly recommend this for fans of the original Dracula .
 First off , let me strongly urge you to actually read Bram Stoker 's Dracula before reading this . Do n't settle for watching a movie , most of them get it wrong enough that they 'll just confuse you . If you simply refuse to read the original -LRB- and its an excellent novel , you really should -RRB- at least read through the cliff notes . It will enhance your appreciation of this immensely as you will already be familiar with the characters and events everyone references.Anno Dracula picks up two years after the original novel , except that in this world Dracula was not defeated but instead triumphed . Now he has married Queen Victoria and rules England as Prince Consort , making London a haven for the world 's vampires who no longer need hide in the shadows . And it is here that the genius of Kim Newman really comes into play , for London 's new vampire population is made up of numerous actual historical figures and every literary character -LRB- vampire or no -RRB- that Newman could beg , borrow , steal or vaguely reference -- from Lord Ruthven to Lestat de Lioncourt , from Dr. Henry Jekyll to Mycroft Holmes , they all show up here . And the result is much better than it sounds , I promise . Very well written , very ingenious premise ... I highly reccomend it !
 Kim Newman 's gothic horror novel , `` Anno Dracula '' is a fine riff of Bram Stoker 's original masterpiece . Newman asks the reader a simple question
 When I picked this up , I initially had my reservations . The cover looked decidedly contrived , on reading the blurb I formed the opinion that I was going to be subjected to a rip-off of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen and I thought this was going to be a particularly low-brow read.I do n't think it has ever been more appropriate to use the idiom `` Never judge a book by its cover '' . Set in 1888 , this book seamlessly marries up the wonderful fictional worlds of Dracula , Sherlock Holmes and many others , drawing in characters from other vampire tales and notable fiction of the time ; as well as factoring in events from history and other factual occurrences . If you can spot all the references to other works , then I would suggest that you are a bigger geek than me ! The author , Kim Newman , helpfully provides an annotation at the end of the novel as a `` Who 's Who '' for the reader!Anno Dracula has as its basis the supposition that Dracula was not defeated by Van Helsing et al. . In fact , Dracula goes on to marry the widowed Queen Victoria and becomes Prince Consort . Vampirism is not only rife throughout London but is socially acceptable , desirable to many and becoming more dominant in Victorian society . Vampires throughout the novel include Oscar Wilde , the notorious outlaw Billy the Kid , Elizabeth Bathory , and there are numerous cameos from vampires of fiction such as Lestat and Graf Orlok . There are also star turns from numerous other figures from Victorian stories but I choose not to reveal these for fear of ruining the experience for you.It is no secret that my first passion was history and was indeed what I had planned to study at university before finding an aptitude for my current profession . Although this work is fiction , it is impressively rich in historical fact ... and twists much of it to its own end . The novel is not strictly speaking steampunk but is set in an alternate Victorian era as it were.Anno Dracula introduces us from the start to a character very much based in historical fact
 Count Dracula has married Queen Victoria , and vampirism is the hip new trend for anyone who wants to be anyone . A mysterious killer is cutting down young vampire prostitutes in the streets , and the police have received a letter claiming credit from someone who calls himself Jack the Ripper . If you enjoy classic vampire stories , mysteries , Victorian London , or just a really good story , it 's worth taking a look.My only complaint is that the tangled threads of multiple viewpoint characters get confusing . There are quite a few characters to keep track of , each with their own agendas . Most of them are familiar from other works -LRB- the good Dr. Jekyll inspects a recent murder victim ; when he is visited for further questioning , he 's consulting with his friend Dr. Moreau -RRB- , and there 's a healthy appendix at the end that lists historical and fictional references by chapter , but it 's still a lot to keep track of .
 The big boxoffice flop in '03 was ` League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ' , which was VERY loosely adapted from a comic book by Alan Moore . If you liked the movie or the comic , well , this is ten times better than both of 'em put together ! The whole thing takes a ` What if ? ' look at the original Dracula novel , freely injecting any and everyone Newman can come up with into a great alternate timeline tale . Look for cameos from history and literature , from Sherlock Holmes to the Lone Ranger . Some of these references are oblique , some are blatant -LRB- probably for copyright reasons -RRB- , but really , all that 's fun and games , and it would n't mean diddly if the plot did n't deliver . And it does ! This take on Jack the Ripper in a world of vampires is genuinely creepy at times , and the romance between the leads -LRB- A mysterious government operative and a beautiful vampire -RRB- works pretty well . I have the short story version of this story , and I think the novel is an even better story , with more plot twists and turns . It 's kind of BUSY at times -LRB- I mean the book is crammed with plots and subplots -RRB- but Mr. Newman somehow keeps it all running smoothly . There are numerous sequels to this , but they are n't nearly as good . If you like tales of Saucy Jack , or if you just got tired of Anne Rice 's pretty boy vamps a long time ago , you would probably enjoy this .
 An excellent book . Kim Newman puts his own spin on a turn around a Wold Newton style universe . He also has a bunch of sneaky ` now who was that ' style cameos , a la John Myers Myers ' Silverlock.Dracula has found another way to be in charge in England , by marrying in to the royal family . To prevent problems , he has had the Great Detective thrown in a prison camp.So when a serial killed called Silver Knife is killing vampire whores , it falls to the Diogenes Club to investigate . Vampires heal normal wounds , but not silver . The investigation uncovers a lot more than just a chain of killings .
 What if , on that fateful night in the 1880s , Van Helsing and company had failed to slay the bloodthirsty Count Dracula ? What if he escaped and began spreading vampirism as a plague across the world ? This is the germ of Newman 's brilliant `` Anno Dracula '' series , which blends not only Bram Stoker 's work , but also the work of H.G. Welles , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , Ian Fleming , Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster , Joss Whedon and even a dash of Charles Schulz -LRB- if you look closely enough -RRB- in a generational epic that tells the tale of this new , Nosferatu-infected universe.This first book in the series focuses on the years following Bram Stoker 's tale , as the vampires have risen to prominence but have not yet been touched by the 20th century . The whole thing is blended seamlessly with events both real and fictional , including the Jack the Ripper case , and the whole package comes together quite nicely .
 The book has a simple plot - Helsing -LRB- and his vampire slayers -RRB- failed and Count Dracula survived to become the new consort of Queen Victoria . Now the Prince has made the British Empire his own and London has become the haven for the undead . Vampires of all shapes and sizes rub elbows with Dr. Jekyll , Dr Moreau , Mycroft Holmes , Professor Moriarty and , of course , Jack the Ripper.Besides the vampires who live within the pages of this book , there are many references to others , such as Camilla and Saint-Germain , to help fill out the setting . Even such WARM , livingHeros as Quatermain are mentioned once and awhile . Think 19th Century pulp adventure mixed with horror .
 The book was used but it looked ok to me . I 'll buy the second book in a few days . Everything is great !
 Vampires have become my most loathed protagonists within the horror canon and I put the blame for that squarely on the shoulders of Anne Rice , the godawfulUnderworld -LRB- Widescreen Special Edition -RRB- movies and a terrible television series starring Sarah Michelle Gellar . Its with great trepidation that I pick up a vampire novel these days , as you can guarantee that 99 % of everything written in the sub-genre is absolute crud . Luckily ` Anno Dracula ' - which is an oldie but a goodie - sits squarely within the 1 % that are n't crud . In fact , Its probably one of the four greatest works in the field ever written -LRB- the other 's being Stoker 's original tale of the Wallachian prince , Richard Matheson 's I Am Legend and Stephen King 's ` Salem 's Lot -RRB- . You could classify it as both a parallel world novel and a sequel of sorts as it speculates on what Vlad Dracul 's influence could have been on Victorian England had the nefarious plans to spread his canker to the cradle of the British empire succeeded . In short , Dracula - who remains tantalisingly absent within the novel until the closing pages - legitimises his reign by taking Victoria as his bride and becoming Prince Consort ; vampirism gains a coercive air of semi-respectability amongst the general public and the established order as only those who receive ` the dark kiss ' stand a chance of prospering within the rigidly hierarchical political , military and social establishments ; all who resist this re-ordering of society are put to death or sent to concentration camps . The genius of Newman 's story sits within the way he mixes his encyclopaedic knowledge of Victorian London and its mores with that of the fantasy genre to produce an astounding work of metafiction in which real people such as Oscar Wilde , Frederick Abberline , John Merrick , Sir William Gull and Lord Shaftesbury rub shoulders with the likes of Bill Sykes , Graf Orlok , Fu Manchu , Mycroft Holmes , Edward Jekyll , Daniel Dravot and , at one point , a Victorian analogue ofKolchak - The Night Stalker . In fact , part of the joy of the novel is spotting the various allusions to characters from other works of fiction . I spotted many , many of them
 Very impressed the quality of this book showed very little wear . It was well worth the savings from a new book . Our grandson was very surprised with the quality !!! He had a certain amount to spend and because he chose used books , was able to get 3 rather than 1 . Thank you , in these economic times , for providing a way to purchase a used book with this quality . We will certainly check the used book section when buying books with Amazon .
 I have read some of the reviews and it appears to me that the ones who do n't like this book are the children who had to read it . First of all this book is not written for each state , so you will have to check on your own state or county laws along with this book . As for this book not helping you pass the `` TEST '' . Responsible drivers know that their is much much more to driving then passing the `` TEST '' , which this book goes into great detail letting its readers know . I 've been A police officer for almost 9 years and now work at a school and deal with children all the time and a lot of thing seem boring to them . But we as adults must continue the teach , and hope that some of what they read sinks in . When dealing with driving a vehicle , learning by experience a lot of times ends up to late . This book does n't teach you how to pass the `` TEST '' it teaches you how to be a better driver , something we all need to be ...
 I must admit , this book is pretty lame in its organization and all . But there was still a load of stuff that I would n't have known , so there is some useful content here . -LRB- Heh ... I could n't have passed my test without it ... -RRB-
 I thought this was a fairly good choice , I live in a rural area and some of the things they talked about did n't always seem pertinent to us but , it is always good to read all the material . Overall I would say read this but , always check your state drivers manual if you are n't shure about things .
 I feel this book should be required reading for everyone no matter if they are trying to get their license or already have it . Sometimes I find myself flipping through this book just as a refresher . Easy to understand . Very detailed with information that you may not know or may have forgotten over the years . Drive safely .
 The best book I have read on how to ski in difficult snow , and different techniques of advanced skiing . Explains what you do in simple no nonsense terms.Made me a better skier just trying out new things . Made me more aware , and brought new chalanges to my skiing .
 This is a book that should be a part of the library of any gun owner -LRB- or possible gun owner -RRB- . It is full of information that should be reviewed on a regular basis , and includes great advice for additional resources that should be considered necessary knowledge . I highly recommend this book to any one considering owning and carrying a gun for personal protection . FYI - The author is David Kenik , with a foreword by Massad Ayoob .
 Overall I was pleased with the content of the book . It would have been nice though , if the editors would have taken the time to do a thorough proofread of the book before going to press with it . There are many typo 's and misspelled words , which tend to detract from the credibility of the content . It 's pretty sloppy and unprofessional to publish a book with a bunch of typo 's in it .
 This is an in-your-face , tell it like it is , discussion of the good and bad of carrying a concealed weapon . The snap decisions you might make under extreme pressure may have dire consequences unless you understand what you can and can not do to defend yourself.Very enlightening . A quick read on a very serious matter .
 While reading this book I could help but think this is the book Massad Ayoob would have wrote if he were writing `` in the gravest extreme '' today . This book covers many aspects and techniques . Worth the price .
 If you are reading this , and feel comfortable with the police being your only protection against personal harm , theft , robbery , rape , or murder , you 're living in fools ' paradise . The police do a fine job , and most I know are hardworking , underpaid , and truly dedicated to law enforcement . The problem is there 's only so many of them to go around . For instance , if you 're attacked at home -LRB- with no firearm and training -RRB- , and it takes the police 10 minutes to get there , you and those you love will likely be dead or mortally wounded by the time an officer can arrive . `` Armed Response '' is the training guide for the novice , as well as those well informed about firearms . Mr. Ayoob has written an easy to understand guide to take you from what firearm to consider for personal protection , to the legal ramifications of using a firearm for self defense . Do n't let Mr. Ayoob 's ethnic name fool you . He knows EVERYTHING about the American situation involving everyday dangerous situations , as well as being a firearms expert.This book is the next best thing to having a personal firearms trainer . After purchasing a Glock 17 for my own protection , `` Armed Response '' was my next investment . It is well worth the money .
 I ended up with the book by an Amazon accident . I had ordered the Ayoob files , a collection of columns written by Massad Ayoob , a frequent expert witness in self-defense cases . Ayoob contributed an introduction to this volume , which is possibly the reason I ended up with this book . I received this book several years ago , and I decided to just keep it . I did not actually read it until 2009 , and I found the book very good . I should have read it earlier.Armed Response is a sober , practical book that has lots of good things to think about for anyone who owns firearms . Lots of details about the workings of the law , how to properly use a firearm , and helpful suggestions . I wish I had read this book when I was actually a beginner , because the author explains a lot of common terms used by firearm owners that were mystifying to me once . I spent a number of years tracking down answers to questions that are contained in this book . That reinforces the answers I found , and makes me willing to recommend this book , because it matches my own experience and knowledge.You can find information about different kinds of firearms , their pros and cons . Different holsters , different ammunition , different stances . There are even suggestions for training . One would do well to heed the many warnings contained in this book . This book is intended to help keep you out of trouble of any kind . The best way to win a gunfight is not to be in one.Lots of good references , the websites and addresses of quality accesories manufacturers , and lots and lots of experience can be found in this book . Highly recommended . Just remember , IANAL . YANMC . TINLA.I am not a lawyer , you are not my client , this is not legal advice , if you want legal advice then hire yourself a lawyer . -LRB- Thanks Tom -RRB-
 In short , if you are new to or considering concealed carry this should be required reading . Period .
 I ordered this on a recommendation from a coworker . He is a former Sheriff 's Deputy and is thoughtful and level-headed . The information in the book is well reasoned and clearly explained and should be required reading for any new handgun owner or those considering a gun purchase for self-protection .
 This is a book that I come back to again and again . If you are considering a concealed carry weapon , this book is a great place to start . It offers excellent practical advise on gun and holster selection . It confronts the reader with the enormous responsibilities associated with the use of lethal force and its ramifications . This book will save you both time and money . I recommend it without reservation .
 This is a very good book for both the beginner to the `` Expert '' . It covers firearms and shooting from The basic to advanced combat usage and is very easy to follow without using technical jargon , I recommend this book for everyone .
 Great book on the order of combat handgunnery almost a dead copy of Massad ayoob combat handgunnery even a forward by Ayoob its ok it reads like all the rest of these type of books do , can you shoot someone , then on to well you are gon na be arrested if you do even if you are in the right , then a few brief words about outdated handguns and ammo . Almost a ringer for Massad ayoobs combat handgunnery try col jeff cooper and wiley clapp
 This book covers all aspects of firearms for self defense in a clear concise manner .
 The seller presented the title accurately and honestly . The book arrived in a timely manner , in tact .
 I 'm an avid reader on many subjects . Few books are as easy to read , and as important as this book . At times , I found myself questioning my willingness to carry a handgun while reading this book . And , I believe that is the author 's intent . It is a serious matter , with serious repricussions . If you 're going to carry , read this book .
 The book calls itself a `` comprehensive guide '' and it is - it covers all the basics , from why you might want to carry , to licensing , when lethal force is and is not appropriate , concealed carry -LRB- where legal -RRB- , types of holsters , and so on.I recommend it very highly .
 I did n't know what to expect when I opened this book , but was pleased to find it packed with non-nonsense advice and information on the responsibilities and consequences of owning and gun and using it for self-protection . Of all the books I have read on the subject , this one provided me with more information and food for thought that anything I have encountered to date . I highly recommend this book as a primer to anyone who has a gun in their home and believes they have a right to defend themselves and their family . Knowing the facts about legal , psychological , and tactical issues surrounding the use of firearms is absolutely essential if you hope to survive a shooting incident in your home , both during and after the event . A must read !
 I found this to be a great book on SD and what it all can be to the new and old users of guns for self defense . Covers both mental and hardware issues needed if you want to carry for self defense . If you are considering carrying or issues for home defense , you should have this book in your collection . Well worth the cost for all the info that can keep you safe along with informed .
 This book unearths the common sense , ethical , and legal considerations you need to explore , in depth , if you are considering armed self-defense . It is concise , well written , and gives you a good starting point for your education in the mind set necessary to effectively protect yourself and others .
 Mr. Kenik has put some time in on this one , and it shows . Solid advice , well-written , and includes a good spread of what you should carry , and why . This is another that should be read and re-read . Not all gun carry books are equal , but this one rises to the top .
 This books clearly discusses the use of firearms for self defense without any agenda trying to convince you one way or another . It includes many aspects including types of handguns , clothing , legal responsibilities , and many more important things one might not consider at first.You might pick of the information from this book by taking several defense classes , reading articles and forums online for hundreds of hours , and discussing it with many , many people . Read this book to learn things correctly the first time .
 If your looking for a great book that addresses the use of lethal force than this is it . A great place to start be it a beginner or old timer this is a must read . David Kenik not only wrote well but put it in a format that is understandable . Well thought out ! This is a must have book for anyone who wants to understand what is needed to justify an armed response . It does not replace personal training or what can be learned in a class -LRB- interaction -RRB- . It does however build a great foundation for what is needed to to understand in responding with lethal force . If you own a firearm for personal protection than you need to own this book .
 For 36 years I have instructed a wide variety of novices , experts and `` so-called '' experts . This book will take you from nothing - to all you really need to know -LRB- unless you are into `` one-upsmanship '' or trying to prove something about your masculinity or lack of it -RRB- . For those -LRB- who are using this forum to display their resumes -RRB- if you are insecure then you will take your stack of books and your ego and look for anything that might have been left out . You might even list all the books you have , but the truth is , if you are really good at real-life situations , whether actual military combat , law enforcement or the usual combat games , ... all the book-learning in the world is no replacement . This book is well worth what you pay for it , and that 's the point of these reviews , not better-than-thou cynicism from would be intellectuals .
 David Kenick does a great job of covering most of the major issues you must consider if you are going to carry a firearm for self defense.He starts off by discussing the misconceptions people have regarding police protection , the Body Alarm Reaction , the fact that action always beats reaction and empty hands defensive skills . He then covers the basics of gun handling - safety , trigger systems , jams and malfunctions , concealed carry , drawing from a holster , etc. . . The final parts of the book cover competitions , consequences of a shooting , other safety tools and gun control.Some unique items in this book you will not find in others ... what to do after the bad guy drops his weapon and surrenders ? The reality that empty hands skills are necessary regardless of what you carry and a realistic discussion on stopping power and ammunition selection.Overall , this is a very good book written by a responsible citizen . His lack of affiliation with law enforcement and the military , unlike many self defense authors , makes the book easier to read and understand .
 For a gun owner or potential gun owner , there are so many necessary things to be learned . That there are so many things to know that it may , at times , just seem like noise . Here is a well written , clear and concise exciting new book that cuts through the static . One that comes in loud and clear.What is owning a gun for self-defense really about ? This book , among other things , is about understanding what responsible use of lethal force is about . It 's also about the possible threats to your survival and constantly assessing their potential impact on your situation.One of the best chapters in this book is about the dreadful impact of using your gun for self defense . Paper targets can not shoot back or lunge forward with a knife . Your assailant may , can , probably will.The book cuts through much of the hype and just plain wrong information that issues from gun publications and , worse , from Hollywood .
 I enjoyed the book , but as with all books of this nature it does rehash some of the same principles that all of the books do.Particurally it covers the standard safety and clearing sections that most other books include as well . Not that this is necessarily bad , as new readers will be happy to potentially pick up some new pointers , but again this material might not be of much benefit to people who are allready CCWing.I did enjoy , and find particurally helpfull , Ayoob 's discussion on the consequences of having to defend onself , as well as his analysis of the steps to take in this type of situation . He was helpful in determining how to conduct oneself immediately after the situation , and the effects of certain phrased sentences/statements . Overall its a good starting choice if you are considering purchasing a book of this nature , but if you allready have multiple ones , you might want to flip through this book to determine if there is any additional beneficial information.Some good sections of the book that I found helpful : Responsible use of Force - This included classifications , situations , etc.Discussion of Trigger systems - nothing really new here , but nice to have it included in one concise reference.Properties of Survival - discusses the color system of alertness
 good information and primer on the subject of firearms in self-defense . I just wish there was MORE information , I mean expanded on what is already there . I appreciate the author 's tone and method of explaining himself to the reader , very clearly and not with superiority , but as a teacher and friend . Some typos in the text , but that just keeps it real for me . Read it , and bought it as a gift . Highly recommended !
 In `` Armed Response '' author David Kenik takes the reader through the steps of deciding whether the citizen even wants the awesome responsibility of being a firearm carrier . This is followed by a detailed explanation of what physically happens to a person 's body when confronted with a shoot/no shoot situation and the considerations that must decided on in micro-seconds . From here , the author lays out the different types of revolvers and pistols , carrying styles , holsters available and ammunition types that will help the new carrier understand the strengths and weaknesses of these important pieces of equipment . Armed with these choices , the informed carrier can decide for themselves what will work best for them.He continues on with important narrative on confrontation techniques that will win in a gunfight but having done that , what the shooter will be faced with in the aftermath . Just as important these days are the self-protection steps that are suggested against attacks from lawyers.Overall , an excellent read for the new or experienced concealed carrier .
 There are many , many resources out there for those citizens that are considering carrying a weapon for personal or home defense . Many if not most of these have been written by current or former law enforcement officers and may contain tips and guidance that are not optimal for private citizens.This book is written by a private citizen who has attended extensive and exhaustive training from some of the best in the business , and is now offering his insight from `` the regular civilian '' perspective.I have read many books and periodicals on this subject over the past thirty years . I still learned quite a bit and had to rethink a number of ideas I had assimilated from other authors.In my opinion , this book is a mandatory addition to the reference shelf of any armed citizen .
 This book is an excellent guide to using firearms in self-defence . It helps you to choose a proper weapon for you , be it for concealed carry or house protection , a holster and spare ammunition . I learned about gun trigger systems , types of sights , manual safeties , methods of concealed carry and house storage . The good thing about this publication is that it helps to choose between a revolver or semi-automatic pistol . Finally , the book touches the legal side of concealed carry issue . I would recommend it to both amateurs and professionals .
 This is a very good book for the person who plans to carry concealed firearms . The logic is clear and the recommendations are sound . Unfortunately , the proof reading is atrocious . In the early chapters paragraphs are repeated and there are other other problems . I lined out several sentences that were misplaced and had to tape in a loose page that came with the book . The book is sound and I would have given it a 5 if the proof reader had not messed it up .
 The book by David Kenik has a lot of great points concerning self defense ... however , in my copy , there were numerous paragraphs cut off at the end of the page , with no continuation on the following page ... at least a half dozen or more -LRB- I 'm trying to be coservative -RRB- instances of this happening . The content is very worthwhile . Just wish whoever printed the book would 've taken greater care ... esp . when the paperback book cost approx $ 16 . If the same care was taken in self defense as in publishing , the fight would be one and done .
 This is a great book and very informative . In my copy , page 22 had the content from page 12 . I 've contacted the author about this but have n't heard back yet .
 Well written , easy to understand great presentation of the depth and breadth of what you are into when you carry a gun . Should be a must read before you buy a gun and then re-read it after you make your purchase .
 I do n't care if you are an expert , you think you are an expert , or if you are a concerned citizen of ANY political persuasion . This gives you the inside scoop on the second amendment and goes all the way through firearms basics and some more detailed information on what to do in dangerous situations . That it does so in a conversational manner makes it much easier to absorb the material.It is a good refresher that you can turn to in order to answer many questions about firearms , and some questions you may not even have thought to ask ! Read it !!! NOW !
 A good up to date book with information covering all aspects of handguns , carry , ammo and use of firearms for self-defense .
 This was the first book that I purchased after becoming a CHL instructor . I was impressed with a lot of the information within the book . However , there were quite a few typos which , to some , could lead to a credibility issue of the author and information when dealing with such a high stakes issue .
 A must read for beginners and experts alike . I will be handing this out at all of my CCW classes . I have had a CCW permit for years and David Kenik explains things like body reactions durring an emergancy , and how to practice . This will help people protect loved ones . - Clark . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Another good book to read and recommend , learning the ins and outs of defending yourself and your loved ones . I 'm happy to add it to my self-defense training library !
 A good book for Self-Defense folks . I was hoping for something new but it pretty much reiterated what we already know -LRB- preaching to the choir -RRB- . Not a bad evening read .
 Excellent book . We learned a lot about making plans and the necessity of practicing those plans . We integrated several things from the book into our home defense plan .
 This book answers a lot of questions , and gives great insite into when and how you can use force for defense , some things you should avoid
 This book is well presented , and it is too bad that more folks do not take the time to read it .
 If you plan on owning a gun for protection THIS IS A MUST READ!If you know nothing about guns THIS IS A MUST READ!If someone in your home insists on having a gun THIS IS A MUST READ!Did I mention THIS IS A MUST READ !
 This is a great reference for anyone considering using handguns as self-defense . Even experienced people should have a book like this as a refresher and reference . Is it perfect ? No , such a short book is only so comphrensive . But it manages to impart a lot of knowledge nonetheless and anyone who thinks they know a lot about guns should study the experts . See alsoThe Seven Myths of Gun Control
 I was a little disappointed with this book . Not with the information , which I found to be very interesting , but the construction of the book itself is bad . Page 12 is printed in place of page 22 which is included as an afterthought on a single sided page just stuck between the pages like a book mark ! I have great respect for Massad Ayoob who wrote the foreward and for the author , David Kenik . However I have little respect for a publisher who obviously did not read the pre-press proof . Again , good information , poor construction .
 Good Read . Read it . Practice it , then pass the book on to someone who can use the good info inside .
 Secret knowledge ? Not so much . Common sense ? Yep , likely in abundance , right up to the point of editorializing at the end . This is a tough book to review , the subject is so charged politically . So starting off with the non-controversial stuff , mechanical production . The book was poorly published . Where page 22 should have been page 12 was reprinted . And insert page , smaller , was tucked in after the second page 12 . Even it did n't line up with page 23 . From that point forward there were several pages that never mated to the following or prior page . Certainly words , if not paragraphs were missing . This was disturbing as the book was recommended by my instructor and I really wanted to read what Kenik had to say.Everything up to the chapter on Gun Control was very good ... 5 star . Book production 1 star -LRB- it made it to print -RRB- . I have no doubt that David Kenik is expert in this field . With the exception of chapter 32 , I got a tremendous amount out of the book . I 've been on this planet many decades , voted in dozens of elections and never once heard of someone elected or otherwise try to ` take my gun away ' , or my brother 's or his girlfriend 's . I was either pre-teen or early teen when I took a rifle shooting class at the YMCA . As a teen I had a .22 which is still around . I realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people . I also realize only fools go looking for it , see title of review . But sometimes it happens anyway . Since I 've twice referenced chapter 32 , let me comment on that.If nobody had guns , nobody would get shot . How can anyone argue with that ? The operative word there is nobody . Nowhere in that sentence did it say good people . There are many people that should not , maybe never , be allowed to possess a weapon . I believe that is the point of the license and finger print and criminal background , mental health check . Simply put , that 's the point of making it ` not easy ' . Not easy is not the same thing as impossible . Getting a weapon that can kill from a distance because your , then current , girl friend has other prospective suitors , is a bad reason and pretty much goes to intent . Getting one because unknown person -LRB- s -RRB- are showing up at your residence with malice at 2am , and escalating , is a much better reason . The acquisition of this means of self defense and protection of life or property I do n't believe anyone has an issue with . A girl friend is not property and anyone feeling that way is way more dangerous than a gun . My instructor was approached by just such a person . Guns do n't kill people , people kill people . No issue there , but that is why some people should n't be allowed to have weapons that make the process easier . One last point , Assault weapons . I believe there are a class of weapon that , by their design , can be easily converted to fully automatic . There is an adage about perception becoming reality . If an AR-15 is perceived as more dangerous than a .22 and more sexy to the 18 to 30 ` outlaw ' type and can be converted to full auto easily , then the perception it is more dangerous than a .22 becomes reality . -LRB- a marksman with a .22 is far more lethalthat a kid with a .44 -RRB- And being in the liberal bastion of Massachusetts , one would n't expect it legal to own an AR-15 , yeah it really is so long as it meets a few questionable conditions . I am sure that does n't do the rationale justice but I am equally sure it was not a couple of old dudes that like their Scotch old and women young that got together one evening and made that decision . Government is the collection of people we elect to make the rules . They do n't always get it right , but they also do n't always get it wrong.Chapters 1-31 are very good . It is unfortunate this is such an emotionally and politically charged area . If you want a reason to hate people with guns or hate the people that hate people with guns , skip 1-31 and go straight to 32 . If you want to learn more about responsibly using one and understanding the mechanical , physical , legal and moral issues with having one , focus on 1-31 . What scares me the most , is not the gun , but the person that sees this through the lens of vitriol , disgust , and loathing of those that do n't agree with them ... from either side . Defending one 's life has no political affiliation . Adding chapter 32 did the author a grave disservice .
 As a continuation of Crucial Conversations this is an excellent book . It gives solutions that can be put into practice in every area of my life . It is a very powerful book . With practice , the choice of responding rather than reacting becomes second nature .
 Having read both this book and `` Crucial Conversations '' more than once , let me say that they are both worth reading more than once ! In its latest reading , I used this book for a book study at work , guiding my team -LRB- I 'm their boss -RRB- through the book and the lessons in the book . The team had been largely dysfunctional , had serious problems with communication , apparently had no idea of how to deal with confrontations , and might very well have imploded completely . Over the course of a few months , we read this book chapter by chapter -LRB- with some breaks -RRB- , discussed each of the lessons , and started to put them into play.Today , the team communicates far better , has become highly functional , has improved their interpersonal skills , and are a joy to work with.Several of the team said that they were already starting to put some of the things they 'd learned into practice in their personal lives , and I can see them applying them at work daily.The lessons that you can glean from this book are HUGE . If you find yourself struggling to have real conversations about issues small and large , if you have a relationship that is in some jeopardy , or if you just want to be more effective in a leadership or teaming role , read these books.For instance , the idea of mastering your stories ... what is it that you assume about the motivations of the other person , and how do those assumptions generate feelings which drive YOUR behaviors ? Learning about your `` stories '' , how to discuss them with others , and how that affects you could be the start of something wonderful for you.Read these books . Now .
 Crucial Confrontations is the perfect companion book to its predecessor Crucial Conversations . Both are indispensable tools in creating a culture of performance . With its universally applicable principles and practical skills for resolving broken promises , violated expectations and bad behavior , it provides the diagnostic keys to unbundling seemingly complex issues that hold individuals , teams and organizations at a distance from their preferred futures . Beyond the welcome relief that comes from just cracking the code on a performance or relationship issue - these tools actually have the power to `` knock people into gear '' by making visible some of the long-term -LRB- seemingly invisible -RRB- costs associated with more typical coping or carping strategies . Without exaggeration , the skills that are suggested during a Crucial Confrontation entitled
 In this example filled guide to crucial confrontations - those times when holding someone accountable is critical to what is important to you - the authors present a relational model for what to do as you become aware of a gap between your expectations and what has or is happening in the specific situation.The concept approaches the crucial confrontation in ` before ' , ` during ' , and ` after ' steps ; requiring you to spend some ` before ' time deciding ` what ' is the specific issue to be addressed and ` if ' you should enter into the crucial confrontation - what do you desire out of the relationship is a key question to help identify the real issue . Also in the ` before ' phase , you are asked to master your emotions by considering not only ` your story ' , but also by considering the other person 's context and thus ` their story ' - are they really doing this because they want to fail with you ? Probably not - they just have an entirely different perspective -LRB- their story -RRB- on the situation!The ` during ' step requires that you confront with safety and stay with the facts ; assuring the other party that mutual respect and mutual purpose are present . The ` after ' step requires agreement on an action plan and follow-up . Along the way , there are tools to avoid getting side-tracked , with ample examples of situations that may arise and suggestions for dealing with them . The book is recommended for anyone interested in improving any of their many relationships , business or personal .
 In follow up to the original `` Crucial Conversations , '' book , the authors provide advice for how to best manage situations in the workplace . This is just one of the tools we 've identified for resolving drama . When these tough conversations are the best solution , this book and its companion are great tools for achieving successful communication with coworkers about a not-so-pleasant subject . - Kaley Klemp & Jim Warner , Authors , `` The Drama-Free Office
 `` Crucial Confrontations '' is an important book because we must communicate . We are social beings who share space , time , and the journey of this life.Nothing is more disheartening than when someone breaks a promise , violates an expectation , or just behaves badly towards you . How do you respond ? Some people , perhaps too many , just let it slide . Then , what was promised becomes conveniently lost in translation . The expectation becomes a disappointment . The bad behavior reinforced.Perhaps this cycle explains the lack of accountability in American society today . Confronting someone can be hard but if you do not , problems often persist and get worse . Why ? Clementine Paddleford is quoted as having said , `` Never grow a wishbone ... where your backbone ought to be . `` Interpersonal communications is skills-based . No one is so good at it that they succeed the first time , every time . This axiom remains true whether you are at home , in the boss 's office , or in the Oval Office . No one always gets everything.Perhaps it is because human beings are not omniscient that self-respect is a good premise to start with . No one wants the reputation of being a wall-flower or a door mat . Believing in your own self-worth , knowing that your perception of the world matters is as valid a reason as any for engaging in a confrontation that sets your world aright . `` Crucial Confrontations '' is about accountability . The approach is candid and courteous ; it unfolds in an environment of safety , and , by honoring the reality of consequences , the interpersonal skills this book teaches help the reader `` bring predictability to a turbulent world . `` The authors acknowledge there 's nothing particularly groundbreaking in this book . We employ these communications tools when we are at our best and there are times when walking away is appropriate . `` Crucial Confrontations '' reminds us how to communicate better when life goes off script.Communicating can be difficult , but we do it all the time . Having a crucial confrontation may not guarantee success , but it will help you stand tall and move forward on your shared journey of this life .
 I ca n't praise these authors enough . In fact , they are due for another book and I look forward to reading it . Having already read , `` Influencer '' and `` Crucial Conversation '' , I knew what to expect from these excellent writers with Crucial Confrontation.General OverviewThe reasons I love these books are because at the end of each book , they do a beautiful job of tying all together . For me this is extremely important . After reading 300 + pages , at the end they tell you , what does it all mean to me and how can I use these wonderful skills in my own life . They summarizes it all and give you specific examples that you can use NOW to become better skill person on handling high stake conversations or confrontations or influencing people or a group of people.They tell you to practice one specific skill a week until you get the hang of it . So many books spew theories and concepts and at the end say thank you very much and I hope you use what we just told you and you like what . How ? where do I start ? there is just too much information , etc , etc. . On the opposite side , these incredible authors tell you exactly how to use the skills , they will say if there are two things you walk away from this book , they are , -LRB- example in this book , establish safety and describe the gap -RRB- and give you examples . There is so much I can say and praise these three books and especially Crucial Confrontation -LRB- my favorite -RRB- but I say only that I strongly recommend for you to pick one up and find out for yourself.Crucial ConfrontationThere is a three concept model that you use and these are the skills that good and excellent practitioners use when there is a crucial confrontation.The model has three component of Confrontation
 I have n't spent a lot of time reading about soft skills , but knowing I could improve , I picked up `` Crucial Confrontations '' . I 'm glad I did ! The authors present a clear process to approach all sorts of difficult situations , with lots of examples you can identify with . Easy to read due to a refreshing absence of psychobabble . There is emphasis on deciding what the actual problem is , then work on your own mindset and create a safe environment before discussing anything . I like the way the book is structured with clear chapter names and summaries , for easy reference . There 's a self test as well , which helps to highlight the areas which need most attention .
 Crucial Confrontations is written very well , is interesting and is applicational for every aspect of life . The book was so helpful , after reading it in one weekend , I bought 8 more copies to give to my executive team members . Well done and thanks for the years of research that went into the book . I use the communication techniques outlined on a regular basis and they really , REALLY work .
 I found Crucial Confrontations to be already useful shortly after reading it . This book has positive steps to take that helps remove my fear of confrontation , and to do it in a way that I can feel like I am effective and compassionate . This book will have a long reaching affect on the quality of my relationships at work and in my personal life .
 Excellent book . Easy directions and explanations to implement the Crucial Confrontation Model .
 This book enabled me to deal with fellow employees who are difficult to work with , on most occasions , with a positive outcome .
 Great book to heighten awareness of why we do n't speak up when we should . Also , when we do speak up , are we so aggressive that other 's are brought to silence . Working in healthcare , silence causes harm and everyone in healthcare should read this and crucial conversations
 The book was in great condition and came in a timely manner . Very straight forward approach to difficult topics . Addresses both work and personal relationships and gives practical suggestions for dealing with touchy subjects .
 I forgot I read this book until I saw it on my list . The teachings are memorable and I am still using them on a daily basis . I am also still giving people advice from this book . Excellent for managers and supervisors . I was making many common mistakes and this book helped put me in the right direction . It is rare for me to remember the in-depth content of books , but this one is well written and has helped me greatly .
 The book , although hard to get excited about in the begining , offers insight into confrontations that you experience any given day during your life . It 's thorough and offers helpful ideas .
 THIS BOOK WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE -LRB- WORK , RELATIONSHIPS AT HOME , FRIENDS -RRB- , IF YOU UNDERSTAND AND PRACTICE THE SKILLS DESCRIBED IN THE BOOK.IT CHANGED MY LIFE.MANY THANKS TO THE AUTHORS .
 Knowing I had to face a crucial confrontation I looked for answers to help me in this uncomfortable situation ; and , I found them !! Not only is the information valuable in business but it applies to family and life in general . Recommend it to anyone that has a hard time facing confrontations . It is written in a way that is both easy to understand and to apply . The information flows in a format that makes total sense .
 This is an organised book on systematic approach to resolve differences between people that you come into contact ; your spouse , your child , your boss , your friends , your colleagues , and your enemies.The best part was the commendable effort of Patterson , Grenny and McMillan , Switzler to organise this book to resemble the systematic approach that they shared . I could only read this book when I have free time and it took me over 2 months to complete this book . However , I could easily follow and recall the trend of thoughts and arguments , and make easy references to remind myself of steps that I have forgotten or would like to refer.The only thing that I found this book does not address is that the approach might be difficult to apply in a selfish political dominant culture .
 The first half of this book was excellent . Part I was titled `` Work on me first '' . Under it was Chapter 2 `` Master my stories
 Confrontations with other people 's ideas , opinions and actions are part of a daily routine . Books like `` Crucial Confrontations '' show us how it looks like when stakes are high and results could strongly influence our lives . Having such book `` on our side '' help us to confrontate daily challenges successfully . For both side 's sake .
 This book is the sequal to `` Crucial Conversations '' and follows the same type of format as the previous book . Once again , the book is outstanding . The books gives you tools to work on the crucial confrontations that can occur after the crucial conversations that you have just had.This book can further assist anyone in leadership to learn the techniques that can assist the conversations that are uncomfortable or have n't led anywhere to a successful end.This book is also great for a couple , for friends , or for anyone who has entered into crucial confrontations with someone.It is a perfect companion to Crucial Conversations . Easy to read .
 This book will help with your communication at work and in personal relationships . It does n't have all the answers , but it provides enough overall structure and guidance to make a noticeable difference . I have numerous personal examples of potential conflicts that were turned into constructive discussions .
 The follow up to `` Crucial Conversations '' this book has some great tools and insight into dealing with those crucial confrontations that we all have from time to time .
 I have read a few crucial books . I really like this one as it really helps me stay tuned in conversations , especially when they seem to take a hard and unexpected turn . Like when you are driving , this can be dangerous.I will most remember to pause , or at least slow down when something I do or say causes and unexpected reaction that seems a bit to risk trust or cause hurt.For me , this book is worth the price for helping out with just that . A good step by step in how to manage such interactions .
 This is the second book by the same authors , the first being Crucial Conversations . This book expands upon the first one by examining confrontations specifically be they at home or in the workplace -LRB- or any other place -RRB- . The premise of the book is that everyone can improve their ability to handle crucial confrontations if they learn to apply specific skills . Like their first book I wish I had begun studying this one a long time ago.The authors are a group of researchers who have been studying this topic for decades . Essentially what they have done is study people who are very good at dealing with crucial confrontations and compare what these highly skilled people do that is different from everyone else . The result is a detailed step-by-step guide that teaches the principles for handling these situations so that they result in successful resolution of the problem and enhance the interpersonal relationship.Crucial Confrontations is full of examples from the author 's collective case studies . These examples are integrated into every section of the book enabling the reader to immediately see the situations where the skills are put to use . Also at the end of the book the authors talk through several very difficult situations . Through it all `` Crucial Confrontations '' provides some deep insights into interpersonal interactions that are very enlightening .
 A must read for supervisors and managers . With outstanding proven approaches to knowing what you want from a conversaton , what the other wants , and watching out for the relationship . Found it useful at work as a reference book , plus a great read for personal relationship communications as well . Would suggest reading Crucial Conversations first to really get the full view .
 This is a workbook for people in organizations or any relationship to have a succesesful confrontation . I think the ideas are very good . It follows some of the basic tenets of Conflict Resolution .
 Looking forward to reading this with our team . Have heard good things about this book ! Also , heard it has more to offer than Crucial Conversations , which our team read earlier this year . I personally found the Coversations book somewhat boring , and it was all I could do to get through it .
 If you have read Crucial Conversations , then you are already very familiar with this book and its contents . The fact is , this book is a re-hashing of Crucial Conversations ; however , this time , the principles shared seem more applicable than they were before.I think that this book is the real and better application of the authors ' main principles . It is an easy and quick read and the language is very simple and direct . The book discusses ways to have a confrontation in which results are gained and friendships are not lost . It is a win-win approach . I do believe that this book can and does help . I did not particularily like the Crucial Conversations because it was n't real earth shattering and seemed to simple . This time , however , the subject of `` confrontations '' seems more open to the authors ' intentions -- thus a better read.This is a good book to read and a better book to apply .
 I surprised myself by reading almost the entire book during a two-week trip to Thailand w . The authors do a great job of showing how NOT stepping up has allowed catastrophic consquences to result . For example , the co-pilot who chose not to speak up when the pilot was preparing to take off in freezing weather with ice building up on the wings . All that survived was the cockpit tape that has the copilot hinting at the danger and not taking a powerful stand with the pilot . Our circumstances are not likely to be that drastic , but it is really very serious business.I like that the book recognizes that speaking up can be risky and talks about how to make reasonably sure that you wo n't hurt your career or relationship when you choose to speak up.The keys to managing the conversation so you do n't get off in the weeds and get a valuable result begin with stepping back for a moment and remembering how you got to your reaction . The authors say we start by seeing or hearing something , draw come conclusions , react and then take action . If you review what exactly are the facts you started with and what are the interpretations or conclusions you came to , you are free to share it as a story the other person can understand . If you speak as if your conclusions are facts , you can lose the rapport you need to have a good outcome.I like the question the authors suggest asking yourself to get to how to start a conversation that does n't amount to an attack
 As I read this exceptionally informative book , I was again reminded of the fact that the Chinese word for `` crisis '' has two meanings
 The ideas presented in this book seem to be excellent ways to have critical oonversations , but I found two things lacking . First , reading about conversations and making them happen are two different things . Although it 's no fault of the book , I think it will be difficult to put these easily into play without practice.Second , there are no examples I noticed where the outcome WAS as bad as it could be . For example , one conversation centered on a man who suspects his wife of an affair . He confronts her only to find that she has a valid excuse for her actions , and is not in fact unfaithful . What if she had said `` yes , I 'm having an affair '' ? There 's no follow up when the answer IS what you 've hoped it wo n't be . Those seem like they could be the most critical conversations of all .
 We all have confrontations to deal with in our daily lives , both at work and at home . I head technology audit for a company and confrontation is a daily fact of life . Holding people accountable for actions , inactions and trying to change behavior is a stressful part of many people 's jobs . This book provides an effective approach to handling all aspects of confrontation.It even provides the often overlooked need for -LRB- effective -RRB- confrontation . Book illustrates this point with the example of the Challenger space shuttle tragedy -LRB- could have been averted had known issues been raised -RRB- and the tragic-comic example of a patient who went into hospital with an ear ache and came out with a vasectomy - because he would n't speak up!Importantly , the authors provide practical approaches that can be applied in the real world in everyday life . This book 's lessons can be applied in both professional and personal life . Wish I had it years ago.This is a field guide for generating postive outcomes from confrontation in all aspects of life . An excellent what , when and how guide .
 I work as a first line production manager at a Fortune 500 company . This book has helped me in developing my skills in confronting people on performance issues . Even though the book may make it seem easier than we all know it is , it lays out very clear fundamental steps on what to do . I think the outline is the fundamental part we all miss when we seem to fail at crucial confrontations . This book is not the bible , but if you are having issues with employees or family members not holding true to committments this book will teach you simple to follow guidelines , so that the next time is more successful .
