 I am not commenting on the book , which I would give five stars . I bought a CD audio version only to find out it was n't an unabriged version . It was the author telling stories from the book . I should have realized that the total time was way too short for the entire book , 2 hours 20 minutes . THIS IS NOT AN UNABRIGED EDITION OF THE BOOK !!! I want an unabriged version of the book .
 I 'm all for reading soul-searching materials , but this book was like pulling teeth - I felt it was translated -LRB- and poorly at that -RRB- so the sentence structure was long and difficult to follow ; NOT that word choice was difficult or that it was above reading comprehension , far from it ... some of the sentences just did n't make sense and I often lost their entire meaning .
 I am reading Ms. Estes ' book by the same name and am really enjoying it ... so much so that I got a copy for my daughter before I even finished the book myself . My other daughter preferred a CD of the book and when I found this `` unabridged '' version , I bought it for her . I was very surprised when she finished it in a little over 2 hours and many of the most compelling stories had been omitted . If everything in the book is not on the audio version , it has definitely been abridged . Amazon needs to change their description so the buyer knows what they are buying .
 I had hoped for an easier read - I am college educated , and can read this sort of thing , but I thought that it would be an easier read than this . I find it too academic for my tastes - the first pages did n't pull me in . So I 'll recycle it at The Book Exchange . It had been strongly recommended by a friend , but if I had paid attention to the reviews on-line I would n't have bought it , because it did look heavier than what I wanted . And it was .
 I read this book hoping to gain some new insights on gender study . I can only say I see clearly now where feminism went bad.I will not deny that there may indeed be a Wild Woman in every female , but to dedicate one 's mental health to that one archetype would be akin to saying that in every man is solely a Warrior archetype . Such a theory followed through would result in very one-sided males , brutish and without self-control . The same is true of a Wild Woman without acknowledgement of the other aspects of herself in balance to guide the Wild Woman 's energies . This is not addressed in Estes ' book . According to Estes , a woman 's highest obligation is to paying homage to the Wild Woman within . She holds that a woman has no responsibility to anyone else , to her community , to her family , and certainly none to men . It is the quintessential `` me generation '' book for women . I read this directly after reading `` Iron John '' by Robert Bly . In contrast , Bly integrates the mental health of the individual , even paying homage to the `` Wild Man '' within , while still promoting responsibility to others.In short , if you want a book that idealizes women and disavows them of any self-control , this for you . If you want something that will empower women in the modern world , search elsewhere . At the very least , if you * must * read this book , be familiar with the concept of archetypes as presented by CG Jung , who Estes is basing her theories on ... Like reading the Bible before you listen to the speech of an evangelical TV minister , it helps to know the original to understand how it is being twisted for personal gain .
 I did not like the first book at all and not sure why I read the second , I guess that I am just stubborn that way . I really enjoyed the concept of following Robert the Bruce through his consolidation of power . The Scottish Monarchy is a fascinating story and one in which I have ordered a history book about to read the whole story . What I did n't like about this book was that the battle between good and evil was too simplistic . When situations got bad for Bruce or the Templars there was no real action or plot to save them , the Templars just prayed about it and some divine intervention would take care of the problem . I simply did n't like the fact that it was that easy . I guess that I was looking for more drama or action from the divine forces . A demon in rings doing mans bidding in a war against the Templars -LRB- I would have thought the church as a whole would have been a better target for this concept -RRB- . The Templar order falling apart from within was interesting and maybe I do n't know enough about their real history to appreciate their treatment in this work . This was not my favorite piece of historical fiction .
 35 pages are missing from this book . Pages 217 to 241 . I would really like a complete book . Very frustrating !
 I do n't understand why anyone would want to read this book . I picked it up because I am interested in Umbria and hoped for a good story which took place in that area of Italy . The book was boring and unbelievable ; I kept waiting for something to happen , but it never did . I would not recommend this book .
 This was n't what I expected at all , The pen would not write so , I had to throw the book away , because you can only write in it with the pen they send you , awful experience with this .
 ... because that 's how it reads . Do n't bother with this book if you 've been in a serious LDR -LRB- long distance relationship -RRB- for more than a few months . By that point , you probably know as much as the author.The ideas presented themselves are incredibly cheesy , and the ... innuendos are just embarassing to read ! If my boyfriend tried any of these ideas or lines with me , he would come off like an adolescent in his first romantic relationship.The author seems unaware that people actually study LDRs , and that there is a small but growing body of research in this area . She has no actual credentials in counseling , psychology , etc. , but draws only on her own experiences in two LDRs . Why ignore all the good scientific work available , which might have actually lent credibility to her points ? As it is , it would have made the book a bit more substantial ... the chapters are very short -LRB- 2-5 pages each -RRB- and could have used more `` oomph '' . Finally , what made me stop reading this book was a really annoying spelling issue ... . who really calls the internet , `` the inter-net '' ? It might seem like a little thing , but it 's really annoying to read over and over again ... I hope that there are better resources out there than this book .
 I just finished reading this book , and while I 'm not an expert on every language that Charles Berlitz attempted to write about , it is very clear that Mr. Berlitz did n't even bother to have his book proofread . It was full of :1 -RRB- Typos -LRB- `` person '' in Zulu is `` umuntu '' , not `` uminto '' , page 184 -RRB- 2 -RRB- Incorrect translations -LRB- `` excuse me '' in Japanese is `` sumimasen '' , not `` moshi moshi '' , page 228 -RRB- 3 -RRB- Myths presented as fact -LRB- English was not selected over German as the official language of the United States by only one vote , pages 43-44 and ON THE COVER -RRB- 4 -RRB- Dubious theories presented as facts -LRB- the most accepted theory for the origin of the word `` gringo '' is that it comes from the Spanish word `` griego '' , or `` greek '' . The claim that it comes from the song `` Green Grow The Lilacs '' , page 66 , is not even a well backed theory -RRB- 5 -RRB- An obvious Eurocentric worldview -LRB- page 35 , in most languages `` sun '' is a masculine ? Maybe in most European languages , but not in most of the world 's languages -RRB- . If you want to read interesting factoids about languages that may or may not be true , then this is the book for you .
 PA state inhertince tax book tells you everything in this book for free and it is available for download from the state . I wish I had not bought the book .
 I 'm sorry folks , but I just did not like this one . Three things are wrong with this tale -- it should not have the name Arkham Asylum , because it is reminiscient of Grant Morrison 's excellent Arkham Asylum
 This book gets a C at best . It 's a typical story of a woman trying to learn about herself . She 's from a broken home , raised by a Carribbean nanny ... Nanny dies , girl -LRB- now a woman -RRB- goes to the funeral and gets a cold welcome from the Nanny 's family . There are the expected class and racial issues , and the outcome is dull ... Just a common story .
 Knights , Castles , Medieval Life
 Glad I `` borrowed '' this from Amazon . If I had even spent $ 1.99 on it I would have been ticked off . Do n't think I am an idiot who never reads and has never read this type of book . Well , okay , go ahead and think that if you want , it matters not to me . This is simply pompous trash .
 The similarities between this and Umberto Eco 's `` Name of the Rose '' are many , ... and too close to be mere co-incidence . I read a lot of `` medieval '' themed work , ... it 's a period I find quite fascinating.This work however left me cold and VERY angry.It starts off with all the right stuff . It 's certainly well researched , ... and the plot promises an interesting and gripping outcome , even though it 's not exactly treading any new ground , ... but the characters are good , and the descriptions seem real enough , apart from the intrusion of prophetic dreams the storyteller keeps having , for which no explanation is ever given.You read along and become quite involved in the murders and the mystery itself , ... and while it remains within the bounds of reality it 's good.However , ... and it 's a very BIG `` however '' . Then you come to what you are expecting to be the denouement and exposure of the perpetrator of the crimes you have been following.Here 's where I wanted to hurl the damn book against the wall in sheer disgust for wasting my time ! -LRB- It 's a lengthy tome too ! -RRB- In not so much a plot twist , but more of a complete plot abandonment , the authoress proceeds to embark on her own personal flight of quasi-religious rot , mixed in with some sort of New-Age nonsense that continues for a whole lengthy chapter , complete with spinning lights , planetary rotations , zodiacal allusions and what seems to be Ezekiel inspired visions of other esoteric crap , until it had me wondering just how I could ever get a refund on the time I 'd devoted to reading this pseudo-religious-babble up to here . -LRB- Or just what substances NOT generally available to the public Ms. Koulias had ingested ! -RRB- The plot that you have become quite interested in is just TOTALLY abandoned . For some unknown reason , the main character in the rest of the story who has led the investigation up to this point , suddenly falls into some sort of deep coma and takes absolutely no part in what passes as an `` ending/explanation '' of the lengthy story.Remember the inexplicable change of style/content/approach / sense at the end of `` 2001 ... a Space Idiocy '' ? Well think that , only with FAR LESS emphasis on any continuity , probability ... not to mention believability!There 's even a `` star-child '' ! There are certainly some great characters with which the authoress could have worked , but they are either eliminated or just plain forgotten in the `` cataclysmic '' ending , ... the leader of the Inquisition is but one . He 's set up as a malevolent threat to the heroes , and we expect fearful developments , then suddenly we hear no more of him until passing reference in the very last paragraphs of the book , when the writer has apparently regained consciousness from her serious abuse of psychotropic substances.Do NOT buy this book if you value your reading time , ... or do not wish to read religious flights of fancy unsatisfactorily passed off as some sort of deus-ex-machina to end a story.I felt cheated , ... and so will you ...
 The book is advertised as In the tradition of The Name of the Rose and The Da Vinci Code . The only thing it has in common with The Da Vinci Code is The Grail , and the tradition of The Name of the Rose comes through copying the set up from Eco
 I 've read many versions of this genre and I ca n't believe I wasted my time on this one . Rediculously slow , meaningless drivel and the anticipation of it actually redeeming itself was completely destroyed when the final page turned . I would donate this book but would n't want anyone else to go through this .
 Nancy ChodorowThe Reproduction of Mothering : Psychoanalysis and the Sociology of Gender -LRB- Berkeley , CA
 No data . Zilch . Nada . No in-depth interviews , no participant observation , no historical analysis , no surveys , -- just one woman 's musings.She of course may be right in the end , but without ANY research to backup her claims -- it is just a rant.This book definitely made me think about raising kids and what I wanted in a spouse , and definitely makes a strong case for equal parenting . But in my opinion , good scholarship is a marriage between data and theory ; a synthesis of research and imagination . Without both , a scholarly book falls flat . Chodorow did no research , has no data , and thus this book ends up being speculation at best , flat-out myth-making at worst .
 Feminist Nancy Chodorow takes an in-depth look at the role of `` mothers '' in society . Chodorow presents three common approaches to explain why women mother . In the end , she emerges , not surprisingly , favoring only one.Chodorow 's first explanation is that mothering is a product of biology . Chodorow attacts this theory stating that genetic or sexual differences do not make a woman a better mother and that women do not have a motherly instinct any more than a father . Her argument is seriously found wanting.The second approach that Chodorow dismisses is the socio-anthropological view that mothering is a product of role-training . This view states that girls learn socially the role that they are to assume - that of mother . Chodorow disagrees that girls simply acquire this role in such an observant fashion.Chodorow believes that men and women can parent equally , but she feels that the differing relational needs developed in childhood are reproducing women as mothers in adulthood.Unfortunately , Chodorow completely dismisses the fact that men and women are different . Therefore , her theory is seriously flawed .
 I hope David Sedaris would be appalled to have his writing likened to this woman 's drivel . I did n't so much laugh out loud with every turn of the page as I did cringe in embarassment for pretty much everyone involved in the publishing of this book . There are typos and grammatical errors spotted throughout . Her `` witty '' recounting of an unremarkable upbringing -LRB- in which the most awkward phase Gilman goes through appears to be when she sprouts enormous breasts -RRB- sounds painfully contrived , and at times just plain made up ! Why did I read it ? Because a female friend recommended it , and because none of the reviews out there had a negative word to say about this horse crap . Well , here 's the negative word . Now all the truly witty , sarcastic , intelligent feminists out there can consider themselves warned .
 I tried so hard to LIKE this book but I just could n't . It was boring and slow and took me a month to finish it bc I hate not finishing a book I started . I feel like her life was not that fascinating to be publishing a book about it . Ugh .
 From the smug opening preface , which encouraged me to laugh and enjoy her tales , I should have know what to expect . A pretentious voice , stories bordering on the trivial , and not a laugh to be had . I enjoy humor , womens lit. , and personal essays , but I would only recommend this book to people who found `` the Nanny Diaries '' insightful . Read `` A Girl 's Guide to Hunting and Fishing '' , or any of David Sedaris ' work instead .
 Really , everyone who has given this `` author '' one star has hit the nail on the head ; she wants to be fascinating . I suppose there 's nothing wrong with that ... until you decide that you 're such an ironic paradox and so profound that you should probably publish . There are so many wonderful books and amazing authors out there ; do n't waste your time .
 I 've read quite a few memoirs , and this one was satisfactory . It follows the author from her hippy childhood on the Upper West Side in the ` 70s to early adulthood . I found several of the stories rather funny , especially the childhood ones , but some were also serious , showing how a family can be shattered by divorce . Nothing particularly spectacular here .
 There are some funny turns of phrase and a few humourous stories in here . But the smug , politically correct tone of the author quickly begins to wear and becomes nauseating before the reader even reaches the half-way point . Do n't bother .
 I choose this book , after reading all the 5-Star reviews . Wow , what a disappointment . I realized if a book has high ratings I most likely will NOT like the book . I need to stop reading reviews ! Nothing special about this book . Some parts were funny but it goes on and on ...
 This book is the continuation of the Belle Terre book series . We get to see what 's happened since the last time we were there . When Kirk handed over the responsiblilities to the Challenger.I was n't too impressed with this book . It was slow to read and I thought that it needed to be later in the series . We needed the continuation of the first book next to conclude and wrap up the loose ends of book one.Now we have more loose ends and this can be very confusing to the reader of a series.I guess marketing now is taking over the Star Trek book series with no reguard to the reader . What a shame ... I usually like Diane Carey 's work , but this one is a real eye lid closer . I drags and is a very slow read.I am not a fan of these mini-series books with multiple authors , but someone at the book publishers is ... another way to get your money.Diane , you can do better than this . You rushed this story and you needed to get it `` right '' ... I was n't impressed.I 've read all of the paperbacks , and this one is not a good one . Save your money folks , pass this one by .
 This novel like many people have said here is pretty confusing at times and you really have to pay attention . I thought there was a good 100 pages there they could have cut out . The part where they are on the grave ship was a little repetitive and the way Carey constantantly reminds us that Nick Keller is the `` cowboy '' in this sector could have been cut down . I found most of the characters interesting such as the first officer . The Zoa character to me was totally unrealisitc , on any other ship she would have been long gone.Another aspect that was annoying was the characters acted at times people from this era and not people from the future . Specifically the way they speak , the lingo they use is straight from the 20th century . A little is o.k. but not constantly . Not even the people from the TV series Enterprise act like this even though they are much closer to us in time.Many people have stated it and needs repeating there are moments that the novel achieves clarity and that is when it is at it 's best . the cliffhanger in particular is very good better than the one in book one in my opinion . The sad part of this book is there is a good story in there dying to come out but better editing might have helped .
 ... any more than I do the `` New Fontier '' cycle . Both are built on a premise of a Long John Silver clone skipper and his raffish crew of square wheels . There 's a growly amazonian officer here who decks her captain without really being in mutiny -- presumably it 's `` for his own good '' . In the `` New Earth '' series this book is a sequel to , Starfleet pulls the cliche Cold War era stunt of taking sides in a nasty regional conflict in which neither side -- Blood Many or the Kauld -- are particularly civilized . In this book , a Bood Many `` guest officer '' tries to impose his culture 's strictures on a Fleet vessel when an officer disobeys an order -- their penalty for that is death ... This is definitely beneath what I 've come to expect from Diane Carey ...
 Usually knowing that a book is by Diane Carey is knowing that I 'll really enjoy it . However , I was unable to finish this book . I tried and gave up halfway through . I found the alien culture confusing , and I did not care for the `` Starfleet '' characters . I had started in on the New Earth series and gave up on them . They do not interest me at all . I will not read any more New Earth/Challenger books .
 Ok , having now finished the book , I am still giving it two stars . I still did n't know any of the characters in this book , but it leaves off with a major cliffhanger . The descriptions in this book are many and varied , the technical stuff is very technical and the descriptions about the people and their culture is very skimpy , especially about the Blood . I would 've like to known more about this culture and what makes it tick , and why the Federation is out there in this area.Thanks for reading ! ~ Pandora
 This book is short and a quick read , but even at that it 's a real waste of time . The author repeats himself over and over again throughout the book . And what he 's repeating was barely worth saying once - double space , think about the title , you have to revise your dissertation and do n't just send it to a publisher as is . As a matter of fact , that 's pretty much all the book has to say . If you want a more serious book that will actually help you understand how editors think , get Rabiner 's Thinking Like Your Editor . It 's not specifically for the academic book market , but it 's both more informative and a better read .
 As others have pointed , for such a short book , it made me incredibly impatient because practically half the book was full of advice a person who has written a dissertation knows already . I found little of value till page 70 , where the author mentions a suggested timeline for various types of revisions . It 's a cheap book and a quick read , but do n't expect much . Incredibly , for a book on writing , the writing is nothing to write home about . Strewn with slightly awkward attempts at humor , which add little of value and betray a largely indecisive `` voice . ''
 Blah , Blah , Blah ... this book does n't even get to the core of the help one is seeking when buying this type of book until Chapter 5 and there are only 9 chapters in the book ! There is a lot of repetition . Although the price is n't bad for this type of book , it could have easily been written up in a one page checklist of all the things to do and not do . A far better resource for helping you turn your dissertation into a book is
 This book appears promising yet falls woefully short on delivery . Most of the info in the book you already know or can learn from a myriad of other books or sources . It promises to show you how to become an internet pornographer yet tells you little or nothing about how to set up a website , find hosting , payment options or any of the other nuts and bolts needed to be succesful . The info on where to find models is no mystery , just common sense . What to pay models was a bit interesting but the advice to pay by check is accounting 101 . All in all I give it 2 stars which is a shame , a colaberation with someone wed-savvy may have made this a winner .
 This book offers no real information or practical steps to actually start your business . It mentions all items in passing -LRB- usually no more than a paragraph on any subject , some of whihc ar eimportant -RRB- . Definetly not going to get you get started . And there is absolutely ZERO useful information on finding models .
 Let me first start off by sayng that I have read previous books by Mrs. Monroe and have thoroughly enjoyed them - - - - UNTIL NOW !!! I read one of the other reports that warned of the writing style , but it still did not prepare me for it . It took me over 3 weeks to read this book when a good book normally takes me a day or two -- > TOPS !!! I have read the dialect in both God Do n't like Ugly and God Still Do n't like Ugly , but this dialect was really out there . I had to re-read certain parts of it just so that I 'd understand what was being said.I really did not like this particular book for several reasons but the main one was because of the way it ended . Maureen never had the opportunity to find out the true story of her parentage . The writer never allowed Othello to tell her , nor did Mama Ruby or Virgil tell her and I think in order to break that spell over her or that bad luck streak that she assumed she had , someone should have told her . Not even after Mama Ruby died did Virgil tell her . And the way she treated the girl like a possession as a mother turned me off . I am hesitant about reading Red Light Wives after reading this one . I am just glad that someone loaned this one to me because had I paid for it I would have been crazy mad . This criticque is not to disparage Mrs. Monroe , only to offer my version of the book itself .
 I have to say , I really thought this book would 've been different . I was actually really excited to read this and fell so very dissapointed . I have literally read all of the Mary Monroe books . Mama Ruby and Upper Room were the last 2 . I 've seen all of these reviews praising this book and I really do n't get why . Mama Ruby , the prequel was good and had a good lead in to Upper Room . Based on all I 've read in reviews I thought it would be best to start with Mama Ruby . Thank goodness I did . Had I started with the Upper Room and would have never even given Mama Ruby the time of day . There was such a discrepancy of writing style between the 2 books . It 's hard to believe it 's the same author who wrote both . The language in Upper Room was just so , so , so ... ridiculous . Further the plot was just so , ... ridiculous . I absolutely hated the ending . The book left me feeling like I had wasted my time . I was left saying to myself ... that 's it ?!! So unsatisfying . This book was just more difficult to get through compared with Mary Monroe 's other books mainly because of the ridiculous subject matter which at many times seemed to be going no where ! I 'm a huge supporter of Mary Monroe and her fiction but this one was just a complete waste of my time . Again , I 'm left confused on why so many have given higher stars . Usually the majority reader audience on here is pretty accurate and I usually agree . But just not this time .
 This prequel did not flow for me . Unlike Mama Ruby this story seemed rushed and all over the place . Not one of Ms Monroe 's better books .
 I only got to the second disc of the CD version and had to just get rid of this . The characters names are so stupid , and the story line is hard to imagine as realistic .
 If I had read this book before I read Mama Ruby , I would have never read Mama Ruby . This was one of the most unenjoyable pieces I have ever read . It took me FOREVER -LRB- about 3 weeks -RRB- to finish this book -LRB- and I 'm a fast reader when it 's something I 'm enjoying -RRB- , but I kept reading it only because I had spent my money on it , and I wanted to finish it and move on to something else . The style of writing I found to be truly strange and it just was n't an enjoyable piece . It started to get somewhat good towards the end , but it was too late for me . If a book does n't capture me from the beginning , it 's pretty much a wash for me . Sorry Mary ; this one just did n't do it for me .
 This book was okay . But the character of Mama Ruby began to be a little too unrealistic when she got shot so many times and lived , broke someone 's arm out of socket , and buried so many people in her yard that no one ever noticed . I would give three or four stars if those type of scences were pulled back just a little . But , the author 's creativity is out there and I would not put the author 's writing down . The writing skills and dramatic scenes are okay . Mama Ruby was plain wierd . But , it was a good read . Perhaps not '' up my alley '' . But , Mary Monroe - Still a Thumbs Up .
 I read Mama Ruby , which was an excellent book , but The Upper Room was no comparison.To me The Upper Room was a twisted , unbelievable , disinteresting book which I would barely give it one -LRB- 1 -RRB- star.Take my advice ; SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I thought I was getting the book in the description the tale of a women stealing a baby she once thought was dead . It is and it is n't . It 's really hard to put into words what The Upper Room is about because I am/was so confused . Instead , of a heartfelt story about a women wanting a child so much that she is willing to steal her best friends baby , The Upper Room is about a crazy , overweight serial killer , who just happened to steal the baby girl she always wanted but never had.I had gotten to less than 100 pages into the novel when I wen back to re-read the description . I even went back and re-read the reviews , just to see make sure I was reading the right book . After reading the reviews , I figured that somehow I was n't getting it . Everyone else seemed to think this book was funny . The star rating was 4 and above . I wondered if Mary Monroe was using some form of satire that was just going over my head . I did not find this book funny or even mildly entertaining.The main character , Mama Ruby claims to be a God fearing , Christian with the devil on her coattails . In reality , the devil is on her left shoulder with direct access to her whenever he wants it . She kills people -LRB- lots of them -RRB- needlessly with out not provocation . If someone wants to collect a debt she kills them , if someone calls her a name she kills them . She kills anyone and everyone , claiming that they were trying to rape her and she had to `` chastize '' them . She is also and alcoholic and is morbidly obese . Her only redeeming qualities are the she loves her children and if you stay on her good side she is a great friend.The daughter that she kidnapped , Maureen , was a underdeveloped . All she wanted to do was live her life , which would only be possible if she could escape Mama Ruby , who has no intention of letting her go , ever . I really wish Monroe would have done more with Maureen characters . Yes , she knew that her mother was a `` little '' crazy , but she turned a blind eye to her antics , instead pretending that she did not know what was going on.Mary Monroe 's writing style is engaging but her writing could n't cover up what a hot mess this book was.There were jumps in time without any indication that time had passed . One minute Maureen is a baby , then next she is five , then she is 18 . It was confusing and took me out the flow of the story often.Monroe was n't consistent and her ages were off . At one point I pulled out a calculator to figure out how old everyone was and it did n't match.The dialogue was unbelievable . I understand that the characters are from the south and that because of regional accents some words would have different pronunciations but who was `` V-Eight Nam '' or `` so-wee-side `` I have tons of highlights with notes that way '' !!! What ??? '' or `` WTF '' . The person that edited The Upper Room should be ashamed of themselves .
 When I first started this book , I thought it had the most brilliant plot but as soon as the woman ripped an arm off of a man , it went from being a fiction book to a fairy tale . Science fiction ? Comic book ? I do n't know -- I was dissappointed . But I must give the author credit for a good idea character-wise , I just think the actions in the book were a little outlandish .
 Do not waste your time reading this book ! You begin reading , hoping that it will get better ... it NEVER DOES ! The story plot is unrealistic , the characters are unbelievable and it is simply poorly written .
 The book started out good ! It had some silly moments , actually it had a LOT of stupid moments but I was hopeful the ending would bring everything full circle . FAIL , FAIL , FAIL ! I have never been so disappointed with a book ever . Way too many unanswered questions in the end , so I felt like I wasted a bunch of my TIME !!! Im really upset with this book and author . I have read books by Mary Monroe before but with this book she has definitely lost a reader .
 THIS BOOK WAS AWFUL ! I COULD N'T EVEN FINISH READING IT . I WISH I COULD RATE IT WITH NOOOOOOOOOOOO STARS . THIS BOOK IS NOTHING LIKE THE OTHER BOOKS THAT SHE IS WRITTEN . I HAVE READ ALL OF THEM . MARY MONROE PLEASE DO N'T DISSAPPOINTED US LIKE THIS AGAIN
 I 'm a coach for an after school girls group that trains for a 5K at the end of a 12 week program . I 'm a school counselor , NOT a trained coach or PE teacher . I wanted some general advice about helping my elementary girls prepare for the 5K , hydration needs , Pre race meals , etc. . This was waaaaaay too specific for me and not helpful in my case .
 Beautiful book ! The patterns included are spectular . There is something for everyone . It is definitely not a book for beginners , but it is very inspiring . Well written , wonderful pictures and diagrams . A must buy for those who love `` Fisherman `` knits
 Quoting of the Mass Paperback print : Page 70
 Something is wrong , only approximately 1/2 of the book downloaded . How can I obtain the entire book ? I enjoy this author very much , and had just finished a hardbook `` Julie . Can you please resend the book or tell me how I can get it ?
 I did not totally enjoy The Bridge To Cutter Gap . The book is not that exciting and is not very adventurous either . It is pretty good but not the most interesting book I have ever read .
 This book could have been more in-depth with written description . It is also geared more to the masseuse standing and the receiver sitting . I was looking for a typical massage setting , where the masseuse stands and the receiver is lying on a massage table . Illustrations clear and gave additional instruction .
 This book title is misleading because it does not reveal any practices of the Yoruba Traditional Healers . It is also way too expensive . It is scantily written and full of rhetoric ; `` a type or mode of language or speech ; also , insincere or grandiloquent language '' -LRB- Marriam-Webster ,2012 -RRB- .
 Just like the era of Clinton , where Conservative authors used the Clinton scandal machine to get rich off stating the obvious -LRB- that Clinton was a scoundrel and likely , a crook -RRB- , so has Mr. Miller decided to join the growing din of Leftists who see dollar signs in bashing Bush for being variously `` ignorant , '' someone with `` drastic intellectual limitations , '' and dyslexic -LRB- the premise of his book -RRB- . Yet , somehow , through it all , Mr. Miller seems to think that Bush is a crafty , take-no-prisoners politician who is unsuited for the office of president and should not be underestimated.It is an interesting dichotomy . Unfortunately , Mr. Miller has claimed that the then 19 year old Mary Matalin , now a high-level Bush strategist , was a livid Nixon supporter -LRB- despite working in a steel mill until she finished her college degree in 1978 - 4 years after Nixon 's resignation -RRB- and has made claims that Karl Rove was a Nixon dirty trickster -LRB- I guess that got him his College Republicans presidency at 23 in 1973 -RRB- . Not even Salon has gone so far as to touch this one.Anyway , let Mr. Miller join the likes of Joe Conason . He wants us to believe that this shrewd , cunning man is too stupid to be president.Somehow , it all comes across as sour grapes . Save your -LSB- price -RSB- , you 've read all this already .
 As an English professor I am always entertained by malapropisms and mixed metaphors . I enjoy the language and all of its misuses . However , I did not find this book at all entertaining , but rather , bitter , small-minded and for lack of a better word , bitchy . As I tell my students , thoughtful criticism is an art , but bias is a shortcut to thinking . From my examination , bias is all this book comprises . Anyone can tear down ; anyone can sneer because they do n't approve of a political party , or for that matter , race , religion , orientation , or `` dyslexia '' . There is nothing insightful or clever here . Pass on this one .
 As a true believer in the 1st Amendment and personal liberty I can not take too much issue with Mark Miller 's interpretations of GWB 's speaking style and grammatical gaffes.What I find truly scary is the ease with which the self-proclaimed intellectuals of the world have led themselves to believe that a perjuring sex-addicted sociopath who thinks he is far superior to his admirers is somehow a more positive influence on the country than someone with a Harvard Business School degree who has solid common sense values and is not the least bit interested in the liberal academic establishment 's opinions.Don ' t waste your money on this one unless you see yourself described above .
 With the ink beginning to dry on the controversial Bush v. Gore Supreme Court opinion in 2001 , canny political `` experts '' and their publishing marketeers predictably rushed out a series of books targeting the political Left and Bereft to capitalize on the electoral heartbreak.Although dressed in the pseudoacademic livery of the author 's university or think-tank affiliation , footnoted text , and anchored in a clever idea , these modern-day successors to old-time political pamphlets actually serve more a primal than an intellectual need . The primal need is at least one of validation
 The beginning and end of this book is pretty good , when he is not explaining Bush 's quotes . It gets boring in the middle .
 I trully enjoyed previous works by Miller , especially BOXED IN
 This shrill screed will only appeal to the virulent Left-Wing haters who have come to the fore since the Clinton Impeachment . Another part of their attempts at revenge on the GOP for daring to hold Clinton accountable for his actions , Mr. Miller 's book is another weak attempt to argue Bush is shallow and without the capacity for the Presidency . While his Yale BA and Harvard MBA belie the attempts of such professional navel-gazers to denigrate his abilities and education , their vocal , yet myopic world-view plays into his hands . Perhaps they should re-read Hamlet 's mad scene .
 It does make one cringe on occasion to hear about President Bush 's malaproprisms . This book offers little constructive or insightful beyond the obvious . Our President is not a gifted speaker , true , but we will get used to it -LRB- we got used to President Clinton 's lying -RRB- , even if it causes us to suffer embarassment from time to time . This book provides small arms ammunition for the anti-Bush crowd , and little more of true substance . The fact is , Bush won , Gore failed to steal the election . Walk it off , and do n't waste your time on this book .
 When I saw this book on the shelf and scanned a few pages , it appeared to be a likable collection of our chief executive 's disabilities with the English language . But it does n't take one long to realize that it is in truth a vicious , vitriolic spewing of the deepest kind of personal hatred of the author toward the Bush family . To have simply documented Bush 's gaffes would have been sufficient , but the author insists upon coloring every quotation with inflammatory rhetoric , specifically designed to hurt and offend . If our laws of slander do not cover this kind of pointless animosity , then they fall short of their purpose . If you must read this book , then borrow it or check it out from your library ; we do not need to encourage this brand of viciousness by purchasing it .
 This book is light fare . But , to reject it entirely for focusing on such a narrow topic is unfair . The truth is , these little morsels of strewn thought from Bush , are all that most of us have to judge him on . He has virtually no political background to access primarily because he has no background . To tell me that the man is not who appears , that he 's smarter than this , more experienced than this ... I 'll need to see proof of that to be convinced.As for now we 'll have to settle for the suspiciously thin resume of a man and his WORDS .
 and it 's a shame people styling themselves as liberal and intelligent are capitalizing on such an ignorant assumption . Bush 's malapropisms have all made us shake our heads from time to time - but I 've learned that what a leader does is at least as important as what he says , and how he says it . Apparently , the majority of Americans agree .
 Left-wing liberal extremists , such as Mr Miller , always unveil their true political identity when they start characterizing themselves as middle-of-the-road , unbiased , independents.In the beginning of this book the author 's strain to sell the reader on the idea that he 's evolved into some higher form of political species by virtue of voting for Ralph Nader -LRB- his mommy and daddy are `` hardened Democrats '' -RRB- is laughable.If the whiney liberal condescension was excised from this book it might make for a mildly amusing pamphlet.Of Presidential quotes , I 'm sure glad the sentences containing the words `` but , I did n't inhale '' and `` I did not have sex with that woman '' were found -- by liberals -- to be grammatically correct .
 This book is a nonpartisan , good-natured , honest comedic romp -- NOT ! This book is precisely what it purports not to be . The book tries to give the reader the impression that it is an balanced and realistic potrait of the President and fails miserably.If you enjoy political hatchet jobs and dislike Mr. Bush no matter what he does , then this book is for you.I oozes the type of negativity and hate that most Americans would like to see taken out of our political system .
 Not to worry , President Bush will be re-elected in November and , I 'm sure , will continue to tickle you pink with grammatical goofs . Afganistan and Irag are progressing toward democracy and you 'll still be able to cash your government entitlements . Saddam Hussein has been captured but you personally are free to bash christians in our country . The U.S. will continue to be the greatest nation on the face of the earth but you 'll continue to be free to advocate its takeover by the U.N. All of this should make you happy !
 Democrats , you lost the 2000 election , get used to it . It was very close , but you lost . It now looks like you are going to lose in 2004 as well . I admit that Bush is very inarticulate , but this may actually be to his advantage . The voters realize that a politician who is inarticulate is by definition incapable of sophistry . Since he can not beguile by words , his character may more accurately be judged when he speaks . If Bill Clinton were not articulate and slick could he have been elected President by virtue of the character he projects ? I think not . He would have been seen as the kind of dishonest wiseguy we have all met so many times . In a time when a President can utter the sentence , `` It depends on what your defintion of is , is . '' , the American people may prefer a person with a marked inablity to use language .
 After reading `` The Bush Dyslexicon '' , I was truly sorry I enriched the author in any way . It 's one thing to have political disagreements , but this outlandish , immature attack on President Bush goes well being respectability . We 've all been aware of the President 's grammatical foibles . So what ? He has a difficult time speaking in public occasionally.Unfortunately , Miller illustrates his blind rage and hatred toward President Bush by making fun of Bush 's speaking troubles -LRB- if in fact Bush is dyslexic , then Miller has attacked a person with a speech handicap , which is even more inexcusable -RRB- . During the balance of the attack piece , he attempts to persuade the reader that Bush got elected due to a right-wing media , which must include CBS , ABC , NBC , CNN , and other cable channels.Overall , this book is nothing more than a combination of all the hit pieces we 've seen on the internet ever since Bush won the 2000 election.My question to the author - did his Parents ' publishing company publish this book ?
 I did n't laugh . I did gain an greater appreciation for the good books that I 've read recently . I also enjoyed an inner chuckle knowing that I had only borrowed the book and not wasted my money on it.Mr . Miller spins an impressive web if you like spiders.On the first page he lumps Republicans in with the Christian Coalition . What a broad and inaccurate stroke for someone professing to be non-biased . Then he explores the motivation for his book and even suggests that the book `` might be a mere commercial venture '' . After reading the book , I found the latter to be one of the few truths the author promoted.We move on to pages two and three where the author shares the thought that this book `` promotes no party line '' . -LRB- Did I mention page one ? -RRB- These pages did provide another small chuckle as I proceeded to read a paragraph that began with `` Far from merely goofing on this president , this book is meant to shed some light on propaganda in our time '' . His next twenty lines specifically referred to President Bush seventeen times in negative terms . Oh , what webs we weave.Mr . Miller states that the book does n't `` play any propaganda tricks '' in that he is merely reprinting that which has already been said . Yet throughout the book he spins his web around each statement and pounces on the most innocent of thoughts , even those on family and faith.I would be remiss to not mention that the author uses dyslexia as a springboard to promote the notion that Bush is illiterate and to provide a framework for his bias . I ca n't remember the last time I read a book that used Dyslexia or any other inability to promote a destructive message . Could you imagine an anti-President Ford book written around Parkinson 's Disease or an anti-President Clinton book using Herpes Simplex a premise for a national disorder ? If you think that 's funny , this book is for you.As I write this , the rescue workers are still removing bodies from the WTC . We have military risking their lives overseas . We are at war . The media has kept us informed concerning these events . We have a great government ... a great country . I wo n't forget how the attack on September 11th brought us closer to those things we hold dear ... family , faith , friends . We became better citizens . This book is the antithesis of these ideals.I could proceed page by page and remove the sheep 's clothing but I do n't want to waste anymore time on this book than I already have .
 Mark Miller is a professor of `` Media Ecology . '' This is a field concerned with the analysis of the site of contact between media , technology , and the individual , etc etc etc. . Thank goodness we have people tackling such critical issues . And to think that some people feel there is a problem with higher education in this country!There comes a point when analysis drills to such an atomic level that the analyst loses sight of the essence of that being studied . Focusing on the Bush `` Dyslexicon '' -LRB- it 's heresy when Bush invents words , but when Miller does so he 's being clever -RRB- is just another example of academe 's drift from reality.These are times for serious men who bring wisdom to bear on difficult problems . Bush 's brilliance is seen in his handling of our nation since 9/11 . Evidently , he is able to get his lucid point across to those in his charge as well as the majority of Americans . Not in recent history has a president managed to impart on his branch such a comprehensive understanding and acceptance of his philosophy and vision.Perhaps the Bush Dyslexicon is a problem with the listener rather than the speaker .
 I guess it figures that the only way this guy can take shots at our President is to criticize his lack of English skills . Too bad I 'm too lazy to write a book on this author 's lack of tact .
 Thankfully America has an intellectual giant like Mark Crispin Miller to pass judgment on just how vacuously stupid the rest of us were for electing George W. Bush . From his lofty academic perch atop the marble pillars of NYU , Crispin Miller begins the book by promising not just another list of Bushisms , but an objective `` ai n't it sad '' expose of how such a folksy but ignorant individual was elected by a TV addled populace in the first place . Then we are promptly treated to another listing of Bushisms , but this time , footnoted by the all-knowing , all seeing media pundit , Crispin Miller . The book 's conclusion
 Eliquent speech does NOT make someone a good president . Bill Clinton was a great speaker -- but VERY dishonest . I would rather have a President that had character and told the truth than one that can give a great speech full of lies.Ps . I think Bush is learning to be himself on stage and is giving great speeches now .
 Funny how someone so `` dumb '' manages to run rings around the Ivy League princelings , is n't it ? And to think your own deathless prose will never see the light of day , while Bush 's occasional stumbles will reign immortal . Aw , ai n't it just a darn shame ...
 Typical liberal bilge . Not worth reading .
 I am a fan of Julia Cameron 's `` The Artist 's Way '' and think it to be one of the most valuable references an artist or writer can own . There are times when the spirit needs to explore what is ailing . After reading reviews I was ready to be entertained and further enlightened by this book . My gosh , after looking through it I could n't help but think there 'd been a mistake . This did n't seem like it came from the same author . While I can go for sophomoric humor as well as the next person , this was all that and less . I hope Julia will take this one back to the drawing board and come out with a whole new and improved version . The cartoons are kind of weird and the captions are flat . Was there anything to take away from this ? Yes . I just wasted the cost of a book that might be worth keeping . . Maybe this one will find it 's audience at the Goodwill store .
 Julia Cameron , How to Avoid Making Art -LRB- or Anything Else You Enjoy -RRB- -LRB- Tarcher , 2005 -RRB- I have never been a fan of the kind of mean-spirited carping Cameron attempts to pass off as `` humor '' here , and never am I less so than when someone belittles things like the importance of holding a job -LRB- and then turns around and belittles the reader for having the gall to wonder about whether not having a job will render him homeless -RRB- . I 'm sure that if you 're an author who 's published well over a dozen books , one of which is a perennial bestseller , you can afford to not work for a living . That comprises , perhaps , one-tenth of one percent of the world 's population . The rest of us , unfortunately , ca n't afford to live like that . And then , of course , there are Cameron 's thoughts on relationships and how they damage art , and it 's right about here I just need to stop writing . If I could give this book negative stars , I would . I only give zero stars to a book I finished if it 's incomparably offensive ; I 've done it five times since I started keeping records in 1999 . This is time number six . -LRB- zero -RRB-
 By the title , I was thinking this would be a humorous book about how things happen to interfere with what you want to do most as an artist , or at least how things come up when you are supposed to be working on projects . Instead , I did not find it humorous at all , it has more of a negative/cynical sense of humor . The majority of the cartoons were what excuses you can use to not create art . I 'm sure someone who appreciates sarcastic or cynical humor would like it , but it was n't for me .
 The Preface makes it clear that the thesis -- and subtitle -- were chosen primarily for the sake of making a splash , not for necessarily being accurate . I have no idea whether the author made much of a case , since I discovered in the first few dozen pages , and then some selected sections following , that the book is abominably badly written , gives appallingly little actual information on the two major events of 1676 -LRB- leaving out huge amounts of information found in books where King Philip 's War and Bacon 's Rebellion are only part of the subject matter -RRB- , and ends with a really bad index .
 These novels mimic the happy ramblings of an airheaded schoolgirl only too well . Colette can turn a nice phrase at will , but it does n't make up for the insubstantialness of Claudine 's thoughts about her experience of life .
 Yes the concept of the book , a Victorian novel of a young girl married to a much older man , an unscrupulous publisher no less , led me to dish out the big bucks and buy this book ... If they said this book was steamy , it certainly was , but , the steam came from me in having to read this mush . I think they should have announced this book as ANTI VICTORIAN literature since sensuality is hinted at but never touched . Thats why I rate this book with one star since you ca n't have serious relationships and marriage between people that are decades appart in age without some sort of spice . The fact that the man in the book is a scumbucket is even more reason to delvelop this as a reality ... Well yes theres the word . . reality . . which is what this book does not have . `` Experiences of a young girl growing to maturity '' is what the covers says ... what it should say is that this is so boring and meant for readers that think watching grass grow is exciting !
 Ridpaths third novel is further evidence of a downward trend . The main character Nick is not someone who generates reader sympathy . What are we to make of him when he ditches his girlfriend in a critical scene mid way thro ' the book ? Or when he makes a play for his best friends wife ? Nick is also naive in the extreme eg `` What exactly is money laundering ? '' . Nick is a drip who should have stayed in acedemia - why was he hired for his Russian expertise when no use of this is ever made by his bank ? All the characters have faces which `` redden '' - even middle aged folk ? Basic errors abound - Lord Kerton is about forty - then ten pages later he is near retirement age ? The dialogue lacks conflict . The prose is laboured and pedantic . As someone else has mentioned - who can believe that a lone English guy can take on the Brazilian drug lords ? Nice cover though .
 This thriller is a little like a throw-back to the 1970s . The trouble is , the author 's heart does n't seem to be in it . Long lectures about financial matters , culled from financial journals , the internet or The Economist really do n't make for a good novel , thriller or no . This story meanders slowly and predictably through a kidnap plot , adding a South American flavour , but none of this livens up a very tired idea . A disappointment .
 Boredom pervades this book -- it 's one long lecture . We get told the population of Sao Paolo - in first person ! We get told how financial markets work . We get told the mechanics of kidnapping . We even get told what the hero is eating all the time.All this telling is even worse when it comes to the story
 This book was an extreme disappointment . Clearly the author is trying to establish himself as the John Grisham of the banking community but in my opinion has drawn rather too heavily on a good writer 's recipe . As in all Grisham novels we find a young professional , thrown in at the deep end at the beginning of his career , who then uncovers a huge conspiracy which he tries to unravel himself etc etc. . Specifically , this book seems to me to be a translation of ` The Firm ' into the banking world , with many parallels in the plot
 I was disappointed with this read . The plot stretched credibility just a little too far to be an enjoyable read -LRB- academic becomes trader , gets mugged , girlfriend gets kidnapped , solves puzzle , tries to bring down trading house , gets girl back , rejoins academia , lives happily ever after . OK the summary is a little exaggerated but you get the idea .
 i think this bokk is the most informative book on american staffordshire terriers that i have read to date.Alot of good photos of amstaffs . well worth purchasing .2 thumbs up
 The foolish protagonist of `` Sydney , Herself '' has hit the literary fan once again . Those who read the first book know silly Sydney is half Australian ; believes she is the daughter of a member of the late 1960s Australian band , The Boomerangs and is an overall fool . The Boomerangs were an ersatz Beatles ; since John Lennon was the only Beatle who was no longer living in 1988-89 when these stories take place , the fictional Boomerangs had to have a deceased band member as well . The Beatles had Ringo with the trademark nickname ; the Boomerangs had Pudge.After some stupid blunders involving writing to the local paper and embarrassing many people , Sydney is at it again . In this installment , she has delusions of being a writer and uses the school paper as her forum . After surviving a summer of major changes , including her mother 's marriage to one of her teachers , Sydney readjusts her image from only child to future older sister.She still babysits the unfortunately named Porter , whose older brother is an avid Boomerang fan and has lots of Boomerang paraphranalia . The boys ' parents marriage ends acrimoniously and Sydney is still as silly as ever .
 This is not the worst book I ever read , nor the worst book I ever finished ; the best I can say for it is that it held my attention while I was reading it . I took nothing away from it ; it 's the cheap action thriller of the prehistoric fiction genre , except of course that most of the fun in the cheap action thriller comes from its tendency not to take itself too seriously - a trait that Beyond the Sea of Ice certainly does not share . Despite its tendency to regard itself as epic fiction in the highest degree , it 's not an intelligent read by any means , and while I do n't expect earth-shattering conclusions from every piece I read , I also like to have engaging characters in my fluff , something I found painfully absent from this book . Sarabande 's work suffers from the people-perfection syndrome and centers on characters without dimension . Their motivations are murky ; at many points , they undertake the actions set to them not because they are people with motivations and goals of their own but because the script tells them to . If this book were a movie , it 'd be the kind I might rent out of curiosity , watch once , go `` okay then '' and never see again.The idea that Torka and Lonit become the Adam and Eve of prehistoric American civilization hurts me in ways I do n't even think I can communicate .
 I do n't get the impression that there is a great deal of anthropological/archeological accuracy to these books . Also , much of the brutality is gratuitous , IMHO . Lastly , the author 's style is rather weak . People of the Wolf and its successors are infinitely superior -- better style , better stories/character development , and much better grounding in anthropology/archeology .
 I could not get through this book . The constant drag on the story as one character after another beat themselves because they were `` unworthy '' for one reason or another was just too much to bear . All I can say is `` Poor Me '' for struggling through 130 pages of this book . Any suggestion for another series like this that is n't Feminist junk ? Would love to know what it is .
 I had anticipated from the other customer reviews that this book would be similar to the Auel `` Earth 's Children '' series . While both take place in humankind 's prehistory , I 'm afraid I found little else in common . Particularly disturbing was the widespread misogyny and violence against women portrayed as part of the culture of the humans at the time . I also found the author 's often excessive descriptive sytle distracting at times - a little more simplicity would have been appreciated . The main character , Torka , was difficult for me to connect with and I felt his character development to be abrupt and without explanation . I 'm afraid I 'll stick to Auel 's perhaps more utopian , but certainly better written , view of this time period .
 I liked the books to begin with but this sub-human thing is really dumb ! I like books about the Native Indians like People of the Wolf and many others . My problem with this book is that it could have never happened and it can not be thought of as it ever could have .
 This book is complete crap . . Most if not all were take from other books and or magazine stories written by other people . Do n't waste your time . .
 This is the most useless book I have ever seen . It is nothing but a list of cliches . There is no history , not even definitions , just a list , and in no particular order . I can not imagine what possible value such a list would have for anyone , regardless of their purpose in acquiring it . This book is not worth the postage , much less the $ 10 the author is charging for it .
 The bible fits your pocket very well , however the print quality is pretty bad , from blurry to crossed prints , extremely uncomfortable to read , unless you want to keep rubbing your eyes . Not recommended unless print quality is improved significantly . Get the other full version , AMP for mass market , cheap paper , but the print quality is so much better .
 I love the Amplified Bible , but this one has print that is too small for me . I would rather the book be larger rather than have to settle for such small print .
 The Amplified Bible follows a rather unique translation principle . It claims to express `` nuances '' of the original Hebrew and Greek texts.Now this idea does sound noble . There are many nuances of especially the Greek text that do not translate very easily into English . However , in trying to be so expressive , the Amplified can be very awkward to read . The extreme `` amplification '' of the word `` blessed '' in the Beatitudes demonstrates this problem . Each Beatitude begins , `` Blessed-happy , to be envied , and spiritually prosperous -LSB- that is , with life-joy and satisfaction in God 's favor and salvation regardless of their outward circumstances -RSB- ... '' Reading nine such amplifications in a row is very tedious.But even more importantly , many of the Amplified Bible 's `` amplifications '' are rather questionable . For instance , in Hebrews 1:4 in the Amplified , Jesus is said to have inherited `` the glorious Name -LRB- title -RRB- . '' But Jesus ' `` glorious Name '' is more likely merely a reference to His nature not just His title -LRB- see John 17:5 -RRB- . `` Name '' in Scripture often has this wider meaning.So the idea behind the Amplified Bible is good , but the readability and quality leaves something to be desired . I review the Amplified in further detail , along with many other Bible versions , in my book Differences Between Bible Versions .
 I 'll admit , I had no idea this was one of a series of books when I picked it up to read . In most book series , each book can be read separately and not necessarily in order , and you can still enjoy it . It was evident from the start of this one that I should have read the others first , because the author left way too much out in explaining characters . No characters were developed , I never felt a connection to any single one of them . The revenge plot was pretty unbelievable and not very well thought out . If a woman could cold-heartedly ruin another person , and kill three people with no remorse , than it is seriously doubtful that sending her a few pictures is going to cause her to go `` over the edge '' . I had no idea what happened to the DA or the reporter in previous books , or why it happened . Who were the goons following them around ? Who , what , where , when & why?Again , my dissatisfaction with the book started because I had n't read the series in order . I wish there had been some indication of this on the book before I bought it . But the author also gave me no desire to go back and read previous ones in this series . In my opinion , a waste of a good afternoon .
 Not much of a story . There is sympathy for the main character but too much repetition of the hurdles involved . At times the &#34; revenge &#34; theme just is n't enough of a story , and there is no more to the plot .
 If you are a thinking person , this book is not for you . I could not finish the book , it just could not draw me in . It is comparable to a daytime soap opera , and I am not a fan of soap operas .
 I find it hard to believe that people will seek another four books in this series if they are as frivolous and trivial as this . There were inconsistancies in the plot i.e the party invitation that was supposed to be delivered late , and none of the characters had depth , I certainly had no empathy with any of them . I waited in vain for the plot to develop and improve . Fortunately I was listening to an audio version so because I walking for exercise the time wasnt totally lost .
 ORDERED SWWET REVENGE THRU AMAZON . COM . IT WAS SOLD FROM BEARBOOKS AND THEIR RATING WAS VERY GOOD !!!!!! I WOULD NOT EVEN GIVE IT A GOOD . BOTTOM OF BINDING WAS RIPPED ALMOST AN INCH UP AND ACROSS FRONT COVER , WHICH I HAD TO TAPE . ALL THE EDGES WERE WORN AND CURLED , WHICH I ALSO TAPED UP . ALSO THE PAGES WERE YELLOWED . THE ONLY REASON I DID NOT RETURN IT WAS BECAUSE I FIGURED IT WOULD COST ME TOO MUCH.THE OTHER 2 BOOKS FROM BEARBOOKS - -LRB- FERN MICHAELS-WEEKEND WARRIORS AND VENDETTA -RRB- WERE LISTED AS NEW AND WERE FINE.I CERTAINLY WILL NEVER ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEARBOOKS AGAIN THO AS I WILL BE AFRAID OF WHAT I RECEIVE.AT THE SAME TIME I ORDERED 2 USED BOOKS -LRB- FERN MICHAELS-PAYBACK AND LETHAL JUSTICE -RRB- . THEY WERE FROM FLY-BOOKS AND WERE LISTED AS GOOD . ONE WAS LARGE SIZE AND THEY WERE BOTH LIKE BRAND NEW .
 I did not enjoy this book as much as the others in the series . There was tooooooooooo much of the two reporters , their romance , their following the women in the sisterhoold , etc. they were annoying and not essential to the book and I hope they are not in the next book . I much preferred Mark from the previous book.The book was about Isabelle 's revenge but she was hardly in the book , nor for that matter was the sisterhood , though I must say the character of Rosemary was the best villian in the whole series.I hope the next book is better with more of the sisterhood and their methods of revenge -LRB- and bring back the character of Mark and x-out the reports -RRB- .
 I love the Sisterhood series , up until this point . Sweet Revenge was defintely not a favorite . I would n't have bought it had I known it was n't as good as the last four . Honestly , the first book seems to be the best . It seems like Fern Michaels has lost interest in her Sisterhood sisters.I felt like there were so many things that could have happened . It seems like Fern Michaels set us up for so many different options of what could happen and then just sort of killed the idea . It was short and seemed rushed.This series was my all time favorite books , what better to read about than revenge . It 's disheartening to think that the writer is losing interest . Some details seem to be fogotten , sometimes , but I learned to over look them .
 Well , my boss made me read this , but , he does n't really run the business , so , who cares . The points this book makes are as outmoded as the Geneva Convention -LRB- my pal Al Gonzales says so , too -RRB- .
 For the first hour or so , I really thought I had finally found a good review of ethics . The sections on Natural Law , Kant , virtue ethics and social contract ethics were very concise , understandable and informative . This all came to a screeching halt on page 134 when I encountered the sentence `` And we know that voter registration lists ... deprive many people -LRB- at least six million during the presidential election of 2000 -RRB- of their right to vote . '' Sheer stupidity.From that point on , the book became a primer on political correctness and silly politics . You can read about how cost-benefit analysis is unethical and leads to rampant pollution -LRB- page 199 -RRB- . We learn that `` we the people -LRB- the common schmoes , the taxpayers -RRB- subsidize businesses , so they do owe us something '' -LRB- page 221 -RRB- . Karl Marx would be proud ... wealth redistribution defined under the guise of ethics . Also , we learn `` Institutional discrimination is maintained by institutions that are racially neutral on the surface , such as local hiring and seniority retention -LRB- I wonder if the authors are tenured ? -RRB- -LRB- page 256 -RRB- . The list goes on with all the lies of the sixties and seventies
 It might not be a bad book as an introduction to the ethics , it is very readable and covers most important areas of the subject of ethics . However there is no appreciation and respect to the complexity of the matter , authors heavily present reader with their opinions on the multiple moral dillemas and philosophycal questions . And what is even worse present their vision as the final and indisputable truths based on some quite primitive arguments .
 Well this book lives up to its name ... and one would have to be an idiot to appreciate this book.The authors do a sloppy job of presenting complex theories -LRB- in which other scholars have written volumes on -RRB- in a couple paragraphs , hitting on maybe one or two of the key points ; completely discarding the rest of them.The arguments used to debate the theories are lazily thought out , and poorly applied ; not only are many of them inappropriate in the way they were used , but many of the arguments would not have been made by any first year college student whom had actually read the original works by Mills , Kant , Etc. A book with so much promise , that ultimately only promises to disappoint again and again .
 I hate to be the only person to review this book , but I have to tell you that I do n't believe this book is worth the price . Maybe I 'm not enough of an `` Expert '' to get use from this book , or maybe the topics that I am most interested in , file transfer and printer sessions , just are n't part of this writer 's interests . I was expecting some in-depth discussion on file transfer protocals and FDF files in particular , but out of the entire 433 pages , the author devoted one and a half pages to transferring files from the Sys/36 environment , 2 pages to converting CCSID 65535 and 1/2 page to remote email transfers . It 's really tough to set up an FDF when attempting to transfer files from a spreadsheet and this book does n't even address that issue.I will probably keep this book for future reference , but if I had known what was n't in it , I would have passed on this one .
 Not well written and hardly anything new . Printed on poor stock and not very attractive .
 Sorry , but I did n't like it at all !
 The book is okay , but missing contextual meaning . I bought it to refresh my memory of words and expressions since I do n't hear it used very often .
 I ordered this book after I read about the good reviews . But I am disappointed . I do not really care what kind of methods -LRB- one or two loops -RRB- the book shows as long as my son can tie his shoes . But the pictures are really confusing for a 3.5 years old . The max he can do is to put the red lace over the yellow lace and tie the first knot . When it comes to the loops , he is totally lost . Hopefully it will work for an older kid . As for the wordings in the book , which the reader supposed to memorize and be able to tie his shoes later on , are not even rhyme .
 Otherwise a great book . However we were given it when my older child was about 4 ; very soon he pulled the lace out and tried to harness his baby brother over the neck : -0 . I took the book away and misplaced it - so now will have to order another one and ancor the lace ourselves . I 'd sew through the cardboard , tape is bound to come off when you least expect it . Hopefully they will improve in the next edition .
 i 'm sure this would have been a very helpful book if i had ever received but i never did and i had to contact amazon for a full refund on my product .
 I was recommend this book at Stride Rite to teach my child to tie her shoelaces . Well , it instructs a child to make two loops and then twist them into a bow . Well , that is hard to do with adult hands - much less with kid hands . Holding one loop together while you gather up the other string into a loop is tough for a new learner . I would suggest just coming up with your own riddle to teach your child . Was n't what I had hoped for .
 It is not the best . It is actually confusing to me ... We really do n't use the book because it is confusing . We had to relace the book because they had the colors backwards and then they try to explain how to tie your shoes by making two bows at first then tieing the bows together .
 I purchased this book for my Autistic son so he could learn to tie his shoes . For those of us who use a different method other than the one taught in this book -LRB- two loops -RRB- I think it 's too difficult . Now my son insists that I tie his shoes `` Red Lace , Yellow Lace '' and it takes me at least 5x longer than the way I was taught.I also think it 's too difficult for any child under the age of 7 . The coordination that is needed is just too complicated , especially for children who are lacking fine-motor skills .
 Book did not help at all . The way it was shown was backwards and did not help . Even when I tried it did n't work .
 I did not place much weight on the reviews that criticized the two loop method . That is not the way I tie my shoes , but I figured well we all do it somehow . My child wants to learn but does n't like seeing someone able to do it when she ca n't . I thought the book would be perfect , because she could take it off to a corner and practice at her own pace . She is 41/2 and has expressed an interest in learning . While the book initially built excitement for her , she has now lost interest because she is finding it so frustrating . She wants to do it just as the book , but some of the pictures are hard for her to follow . I tried doing the two loop method and I found it very tough to do . Frankly I think it takes more finger dexterity than the other way . She accidentally did it the other way once and had success but now refuses to learn the other way because `` the book says ... '' At the same time she is now too frustrated to use the book . It is sturdy and a great idea overall .
 The format is fine , the rhymes are fun . Unfortunately it teaches a completely different knot from the one I had in mind when I bought it . I was disappointed . I gave it a try anyway , but it did n't work out very well . The `` rabbit ears '' knot in the book is supposed to be easier for kids to learn , but my son did n't find it so .
 We purchased this book because our daughter is great at learning rhymes and we thought it would help her learn to tie her shoe . We were dissappointed that it teaches the `` rabbit ears '' knot , but even more dissappointed to find two of the illustrations out of sequence . That type of error make learning very difficult .
 Why this is no CD along with the book . Please send me the content on the CD . I need it
 The idea behind this book is nice . It is a pity that the execution of that idea is so seriously lacking . After buying this book I felt like I had been a victim of false advertising.Most of the code in this book is in assembler . No C wrappers , nada . Good lord , any system engineer worth their salt knows that this is a ridiculous approach -LRB- from portability and maintenance perspectives -RRB- . At least Tanenbaum had the decency to wrap his assembly code in C. For example , Tanenbaum 's coding of the PC interrupt controller is much more lucid than Burgess ' , who offers a few one-liners . The interrupt controller is a specialized little chunk of hardware that is programmed at boot time with a series of 16-bit values . Burgess really should have offered a more complete explanation of how the interrupt controller works and why.Another problem that I have about the book is that it ties the reader to the Intel platform , and even then some of the Intel 80x86 details are seriously lacking -LRB- i.e. like protected mode memory setup and related alternatives -RRB- . Why not write a book that gives a specific methodology for writing an OS -LRB- for any hardware platform -RRB- and then use Intel as a case study . If the book is about `` building your own OS , '' then at least give the reader more options and a better trail guide so that they have feasible alternatives.In light of these kinds of issues , I would recommend Tanenbaum 's MINIX book over this one . It seems to me that Burgess just sort of threw everything into the pot without really taking the time to rigorously explain the little details . Instead , he expects you to read the assembly code and figure it out . The only thing I can conclude is that he was rushing his book to publication at the expense of everything else . Haste makes waste bucko.If you want to see the insides of a production quality OS , then I would suggest Linux -LRB- there are volumes written on the kernel internals that go into much more detail than anything Burgess discusses , believe me -RRB- . If you want a small `` learning '' OS , then I would recommend MINIX.If you want to look at a half-baked OS that some retired technical institute instructor wrote , and then abandoned as he realized he could n't retire on the royalties , then ... what the hell ... I would recommend buying this book . It 's your money .
 Usually when a software project is hobbled like this , the author does it to make things easy to understand . This can not be said in this books defense . It 's both elementary and difficult to understand.For beginners I would read Villani 's book on FreeDOS , which does a much better job of explaining basics . Once you 've conquered FreeDOS , move on to Linux . Linux has the benefits of extensive documentation on internals and a massive base of users -LRB- which are things that MMURTL does NOT have -RRB- .
 MMURTL V1 .0 . The title seems to imply that there is going to be a second version . Oh Please.Like OS/2 , which also faded into obscurity , MMURTL is a toy operating system written entirely in assembly code by some bozo who forked over $ 5000 to buy an 80386 . Bad investment junior , go back to your coa-coa puffs.Burgess obviously does n't know what open source development is about -LRB- thank god Linus did -RRB- . This has pretty much doomed MMURTL to the backwaters , along with other great hits like the TRS-80 . Should Bill Gates be worried about MMURTL ? Oh , that 's funny . Hell no , MMURTL is about as much of a threat to Windows as a 3-year-old is against the Oakland Raider 's offensive line . Get real!Don ' t waste your money .
 Some reviewers may fall back on the sorry excuse that this book is intended for educational purposes -LRB- because it does not examine a system being used by IT professionals -RRB- . But my guess would be that these same reviewers must have ulterior motives ... because this book is , by no means , and educational textbook.What Burgess does , throughout the book , is basically dump code in your lap . There is no discussion of background theory , which is an absolute necessity when dealing with complicated topics like Intel Protected Mode and the 8259 Programmable Interrupt Controller -LRB- PIC -RRB- . Instead , what he does is throw a bunch of source code at you -LRB- to pad the book 's size -RRB- and then expect you to sift through everything line-by-line , with the expectation that you already know how PIC interrupt control words work , and that you understand how x386 segment descriptors work.There are a number of books on the Linux Kernel that do not suffer from these shortcomings . Specifically , the book by Bovet and Cesati does an amazing job of explaining all the little details -LRB- and do n't think that this does n't make a big difference , the devil is in the details -RRB- . Check out Bovet 's explanation of how Linux uses protected mode memory on Intel , it 's well done.You can tell that PHDs like Bovet actually take pride in their work -LRB- unlike some two-dollar ex-technical school instructor who just expects you to learn by osmosis -RRB- . Instructional text books are about lowering the learning threshold . The goal is to make a subject as easy to understand as possible . Burgess has not done that in this book . He hands you his code and then expects you to do the requisite foot-work . In this sense , this book is more of a poorly documented journal rather than something that an engineer would use to learn from.Documentation ? Ha , that 's a good one . If you 're lucky , you might get cryptic one-line comments . The author admits , in certain points in the book , that his lack of documentation came back to haunt him -LRB- i.e. `` I went back months later , only to realize that I forgot what I had done '' -RRB- . If Burgess worked for me writing software , I would have fired him.The reality of this book is that Burgess wrote an operating system because he had nothing better to do -LRB- he was retired -RRB- . Retired people are like that ; let 's climb a mountain because it 's there -LRB- what else am I going to do ? Build a ship in a bottle ? Watch TV ? -RRB- . However , once he completed the first cut , I suspect that he lost heart and decided to get a life . This book is his attempt to re-coup on the time he spent writing his own OS . Unfortunately , that 's really all this book is . He took what he had and haphazardly crammed it into book format .
 The idea behind this book is nice . It is a pity that the execution of that idea is so seriously lacking . ... Most of the code in this book is in assembler . No C wrappers , nada . Good lord , any system engineer worth their salt knows that this is a ridiculous approach -LRB- from portability and maintenance perspectives -RRB- ... The interrupt controller is a specialized little chunk of hardware that is programmed at boot time with a series of 16-bit values . Burgess really should have offered a more complete explanation of how the interrupt controller works and why.Another problem that I have about the book is that it ties the reader to the Intel platform , and even then some of the Intel 80x86 details are seriously lacking -LRB- i.e. like protected mode memory setup and related alternatives -RRB- . Why not write a book that gives a specific methodology for writing an OS -LRB- for any hardware platform -RRB- and then use Intel as a case study . If the book is about `` building your own OS , '' then at least give the reader more options and a better trail guide so that they have feasible alternatives . ...
 It 's a great book - it 's gon na be a classic - for every programmer interrested in O.S. 's and writing them . Unfortunately I do n't own it . Do you , contact me at maus@home.nl so we can agree a price . Thank you so much . = -RSB-
 The one thing that seems to stand out in my mind is how the code seems to be thrown together without any regard for long term maintenance -LRB- i.e. assembly code is n't wrapped in C , most of the kernel is in x86 assembly code , does n't seem to be any sort of structural design underpinning the different components , etc. -RRB- . This is evident by the fact that the author often admits that he had problems remembering what he had done . If an overall design blueprints/metaphors had existed , he would n't have had this problem.I assume that the author decided he would tackle his OS project and then get on with his life . In other words , let 's get this done and then never , NEVER , look back -LRB- history seems to have verified this
 OMG i wish i had been warned ! this book starts off SLOW and BORING ! couldnt get passed the first 30 pages .
 I had to read this book for school in my Eighth grade year ... I love to read , but I thought this book was poorly written . if you have a choice , do n't read this book , unless your other choice is gary paulson .
 The book was really well written but I am not one for historical fiction of this nature . I myself prefer complex suspensefuil plots . This books is very clearly organized . I can see how other poepl might have enjoyed it but I really condsidered it boring . So history buffs prepare for a treat . Everyone else eliminate all distractions if you really want to fininsh this book .
 Jubilee focuses on the life of Vyry , a daughter of a white plantation owner and a black slave . This book is very dull , dry , and poorly written . Take by advice , and read Beloved by Toni Morrison instead .
 Alot of the unicorns enter a beauty pageant but flower-child Mandy Miller is against it -LRB- as if it is a terrible thing to be a pretty girl ! -RRB- . This is a copy of Miss Teen Sweet Valley.You will enjoy it if you like the Unicorn Club .
 How can I write a book about a bunch of shallow , avaristic , name-dropping money-grubbers and make them appear to be heroic and noble ? Let 's set it in Africa and draw it out so boringly and lenghtily that the reader will completely loose interest in it after 25 pages . Let 's also make it totally implausible and drop every advertiser 's name in the affluent world of priviledge like Cartier and Bentley ... Well , you get the picture . After the glorious Monsoon and River God , this broke my heart .
 I have read through this book of the Courtneys of Africa series wondering just how low these despicable characters could go and surely this book is where they bottom out ... I hope . Smith 's yarns are spun in ways that make them difficult to put down for the excitement , predictable as it is , but after a while you start looking for something beyond his penchant for describing them in terms of sexual exploits -LRB- each and all like something right out of a porn masterpiece
 This book is nothing like Wilburth Smith.The story has no secuence with his previous work on the Courtney series.Compared with the masterly way in wich Smith weaves history and fiction in the Power of the Sword -LRB- giving a clear picture of South Africa during WW2 and the Apartheid -RCB- , or the narrative power of Burning Shore this books is a complete nothingness.So do n't judge Smith by this , his least fortunate book .
 I really like all the Wilbur smiths books i have read except the 7th scroll . And even that was much more readable than this . Wilbur Smith writes yarns so I am not looking for a plausible storyline but this just reeks of a childish romance novel . the first 100-150 pages of this novel are so unremarkable that I had completely forgoten I had read this book before untl the entrance of the inimitable character of Centaine . Sasha just seems a shadow of his former self . As someone who likes this author -LRB- River God , Warlock , Monsoon , Birds of Prey , The Delta Decision , Rage are all incredible books -RRB- , I would like to advise new readers , please dont form opinions based on this . Everyone is entitiled to a bad book .
 After enjoying the saga of the Courtneys , I found Golden Fox to be entirely out of character . It had all the appeal , and sadly the dialogue and story line of a poor romance novel . Frankly I could n't finish it , preferring to leave the Courtneys as they were after A Time To Die . An extremely poor finish to a good series .
 I am a big fan of Wilbur Smith , but this book is not good . Slow , tiring to read . The first half , if you can get throught it , will almost make you change authors !
 Amazing , simply amazing . If I could I would give this book NO stars . The story is SO illogical -- the characterizations so inane -- the whole plot SO unbelievably bad , melodramatic and without sense , HOW can anyone think this book was worthy of the four or five star ratings it has received here ?? First of all , Gavin was n't given even a minimal facial wound , just to make it difficult for his family to recognize him ??? And as another example -- just one more example of the illogical nature of this story -- Gavin has a reasonably affectionate , normal relationship with his brother Angus . We are told that they enlisted together , we are shown that they are friendly , even protective of each other in the trenches . Yet , Gavin is instantly , and I do mean instantly , ready to believe that his brother wanted him dead at the Front , and in fact , abandoned him to die . And even later on , when someone he trusts points out to Gavin how RIDICULOUS it is that he could think such a thing of his brother -- HE STILL THINKS IT , and is STILL determined to `` revenge '' himself on Angus ! What a dope!The back-cover blurb and the reviews try to play this up as a `` revenge '' story ; i.e. Gavin seeks revenge on his brother for leaving him to `` die '' -- yet , Gavin , from the instant he realizes no one knows he 's alive , finds excuse after excuse after excuse , NOT to contact his family , and lets 14 -LRB- count em , 14 -RRB- years go by before he attempts to seek out the woman who cared for & hid him after he escapes from a POW camp in Germany.Gavin is more than willing to give up his inheritance , his title and his family 's coal mining business , in order to get involved in his American sponsor 's china-making business . Please , a British milord , born & bred to `` duty '' , would NEVER give up his heritage!And the way the character of Flora was presented ! Do n't get me started ! She could `` sense '' everything , except her own stupidity . Gavin supposedly `` loves '' Flora like he loves no other woman , yet he does n't find it difficult to sleep with his German girlfriend ; his best friend 's mother , or his lesbian wife & HER girlfriend . Bleh.Through the story , characters are raised up , dropped down & killed off to suit the author 's purpose ; the author shows no grasp of time or any feeling for these characters , or interest in making them anything NEAR realistic . In particular , Angus & Flora are left dangling in mid-story for 14 years before we see anything of them again!The discerning romance reader should avoid this book at all costs . I only wish I had -- and saved my precious pennies for something better !
 I found the premise of this book totally unbelievable ! Two brothers go off to war , one comes back , the other presumed dead . No problem so far . Dead brother is not dead , but still alive . When he reenters the picture -LRB- under a new name/identity -RRB- no one recognizes him for who he is/was . They merely think he bears a strong resemblance to the man they all knew and loved . Yeah right . I do n't buy it . Especially with Flora , the woman who loved Dex . If I ran into an old boyfriend from high school , I 'd still be able to recognize him today , even if he changed his name!This was the first book I read by this author . I certainly hope her other works are better .
 If you are looking for a romance novel , do not read this book . If you are looking for a heart-warming story of a family overcoming hardships and sorrow , do not read this book . If , however , you are looking for a book that makes you feel like there 's no hope left for humanity , then go ahead and read this book . This story was disgusting . The two lead characters come together at the expense of every single other person in the story . Nearly eveyone dies - except for the disgusting main character who should have . There is no love in this book - not romantic love or family love . The female lead is an idiot , and the male lead is beyond words in his despicability . He sleeps with several women and disappears for decades , despite the fact that he 's in `` love '' with his long-ago girlfriend . This book left a bad taste in my mouth . Unless you like books full of despair and crappy characters , find something else to read .
 Looked forward to reading this , but not so interesting after all . Read the 1st couple of chapters hoping to eventually enjoy it , but no such luck . Never finished it . My sister had the same reaction .
 After reading the description of this book , I thought there would be more stories about growing up in an Italian household with an Italian Nonna . Instead , every word Nonna says has a religious connotation . It was disappointing .
 DO N'T READ THIS IF YOU DO N'T WANT THE STORY SPOILED !! Initially , this story was kind of fun because you get to see Superman meet his biological father do a little father-son bonding -LRB- even though they 're the same age in the story , so it 's more like brother-brother bonding -RRB- , but it gets old pretty quick . I bought this because I mistook it for the Mike Mignola/John Byrne story from the eighties in which Superman traveled to the remains of Krypton with Hawkman and Hawkwoman in an attempt to find a cure for kryptonite poisoning , and winds up having a `` What if ? '' - type vision , exploring the potential outcome if the entire population of Krypton had fled to earth prior to its destruction . What I got was nothing near as good as that . Instead , it was `` Lois and Clark vacation to a Matrix-esque , fictional version of Krypton , '' most of which , Clark had no powers , so it was hardly a ` Superman ' story at all.It was also kind of fun to read for a while as a sort of homage to the `` traditional '' Krypton of the pre-John Byrne-revamping of the Superman-mythos , but being the huge fan that I am of Byrne 's re-imagining of Krypton , that also got a bit old.All in all , if I knew then what I know now , I would n't have bothered with `` Return to Krypton . ''
 Just another unsuccessful real estate agent posing as a successful expert in R.E. . When all is said and done is more puffing as your money is going down the drain .
 This book is more interesting as an unintended study of human nature than it is as a scientific work.When initially proposed as an explanation of the Cretaceous Mass Extinction in 1980 , the meteor impact theory of Alvarez et al was greeted with widespread `` howls of rage and laughter '' -LRB- to use the words of Gould -RRB- . Over the ensuing years data after data has accumulated till now it is the reigning paradigm . People do n't give up their cherished beliefs , their hard earned intellectual positions easily and without good evidence . Some never do . As Kuhn has pointed out some never do accept a new paradigm and we must wait for a generation to die out.The case in point here is Officer and Page who are still in a state of denial . Their book , THE GREAT DINOSAUR EXTINCTION CONTROVERSY can be viewed as a last gasp attempt to `` just say it is n't so '' . It is not a fairly written book . They leave out data . -LRB- example
 I had read many business strategy books based on the writings of Sun Tzu , Clausewitz , Machiavelli , Miyamoto Musashi etc. . So bad that this is the worst I had picked . Clausewitz is great , but the authors are real bad in that they try too hard to impress by using superficial , vague , clumsy , English literature type of writing that complicates or even deteriorates Clausewitz 's teachings instead of making them into something analytical and well structured , with relevant examples of real business world applications , even if it cant be as useful as the famous BCG Model -LRB- Stars , Question Marks , Cash Cows & Dogs -RRB- . For those really interested in Clausewitz , please read his originals instead of wasting your valuable time on this disorganised and incoherent work of some ...
 If you have interest in Clausewitz or business strategy , you can do much better buying other books . This is a very poorly written outing , practically incoherent . Embarassingly bad and jumbled . Do not be afraid to read Clausewitz directly
 5 Stars for Clausewitz0 Stars for the authorsImpression on Clausewitz : Strategy has been defined as ` the employment of the battle as the means towards the attainment of the object of the war ' . Properly speaking it has to do with nothing but the battle , but its theory must include in this consideration the instrument of this real activity -- the armed force -- in itself and in its principal relations , for the battle is fought by it , and shows its effects upon it in turn . It must be well acquainted with the battle itself as far as relates to its possible results , and those mental and moral powers which are the most important in the use of the same.Strategy is the employment of the battle to gain the end of the war ; it must therefore give an aim to the whole military action , which must be in accordance with the object of the war ; in other words , strategy forms the plan of the war ; and to this end it links together the series of acts which are to lead to the final decision , that is to say , it makes the plans for the separate campaigns and regulates the combats to be fought in each . As these are all things which to a great extent can only be determined on conjectures some of which turn out incorrect , while a number of other arrangements pertaining to details can not be made at all beforehand , it follows , as a matter of course , that strategy must go with the army to the field in order to arrange particulars on the spot , and to make the modifications in the general plan which incessantly become necessary in war . Strategy can therefore never take its hand from the work for a moment.That this , however , has not always been the view taken is evident from the former custom of keeping strategy in the cabinet and not with the army , a thing only allowable if the cabinet is so near to the army that it can be taken for the chief headquarters of the army.Theory will therefore attend on strategy in the determination of its plans , or , as we may more properly say , it will throw a light on things in themselves , and on their relations to each other , and bring out prominently the little that there is of principle or rule.If we recall to mind from the first chapter how many things of the highest importance war touches upon , we may conceive that a consideration of all requires a rare grasp of mind.A prince or general who knows exactly how to organize his war according to his object and means , which does neither too little nor too much , gives by that the greatest proof of his genius . But the effects of this talent are exhibited not so much by the invention of new modes of action , which might strike the eye immediately , as in the successful final result of the whole . It is the exact fulfillment of silent suppositions , it is the noiseless harmony of the whole action which we should admire , and which only makes itself known in the total result.The inquirer who , tracing back from the final result , does not perceive the signs of that harmony is one who is apt to seek for genius where it is not , and where it can not be found.The means and forms which strategy uses are in fact so extremely simple , so well known by their constant repetition that it only appears ridiculous to sound common sense when it hears critics so frequently speaking of them with high-flown emphasis . Turning a flank , which has been done a thousand times , is regarded here as a proof of the most brilliant genius , there as a proof of the most profound penetration , indeed even of the most comprehensive knowledge . Can there be in the book-world more absurd productions?It is still more ridiculous if , in addition to this , we reflect that the same critic , in accordance with prevalent opinion , excludes all moral forces from theory , and will not allow it to be concerned with anything but the material forces , so that all must be confined to a few mathematical relations of equilibrium and preponderance , of time and space , and a few lines and angles . If it were nothing more than this , then out of such a miserable business there would not be a scientific problem for even a schoolboy.But let us admit
 the reason the one reviewer found `` on war '' to not be helpful in business is because it 's not a business book . clausewitz , for those who have read their history , was a superb general . the qualities he displayed in leading and strategizing were wholly relevant for battle , not for today 's business landscape of poorly executed management . if you want to learn management , read about jack welch at g.e.
 The owner did not reply to any of my e-mails . We needed the book within 4 days since my daughter was starting class the following day . The author did not reply even when I said I am willing to pay extra for express shipping also . I never got book in time . I got it after 2 weeks . I returned the book to owner and still no response for my money back . I am very disappointed and will probably never shop for books at amazon . Thanks .
 I do n't appreciate authors taking side tangets to promote their political leanings-especially when I strongly disagree with them . The author seemed more focused on interfering with parental rights than with healing men damaged by abuse .
 First , JFK did not write this book . Rather , it was written for him by a number of people , and one of the writers described it as ' a very sloppy job , mostly magazine and newspaper clippings stuck together ' , when seen in its original state . Joe Kennedy , the President 's father , made it a best-seller by using his influence with publishers like Henry Luce . Old Joe also helped out by purchasing 30,000 to 40,000 copies of the `` book '' and storing them at the family compound in Hyannisport . See Paul Johnson 's A History of the American People for full details ... Save your money , and your time .
 Ok , so I 'll say it . I hated the movie Gone with the Wind . But , in an effort to be fair , I decided to read the book . I thought maybe it was something about the production that I did n't like . But , no , the book has many of the same problems.Reasons to Hate GWTW :1 -RRB- It 's endless for one , just like the movie . Over a thousand pages and a large bit of it is completely unecessary .2 -RRB- Rhett - I do n't care what anyone says , he was n't handsome , he was n't romantic , and there was n't much to like about him .3 -RRB- Scarlett - I 've never seen a more annoying female lead . And everyone says , `` oh she grows up in the end ! she stops being selfish ! '' She does n't .4 -RRB- If you do n't like the two main characters , what 's the point?Needless to say , it was a waste of money for me and I gave my copy to a friend who loves the movie . At least she 'll enjoy it .
 GONE WITH THE WIND is a book that deserved to win the Pulitzer prize for its well developed Characters and fine writing but PLEASE do n't buy it as history.I see no reason to call the Atlanta citizens `` rare courage '' unless you mean half baked!The slaves -- yes for what they endured.The Union troops -LRB- Black and White -RRB- fighting to preserve the Union IN FREEDOM and President Lincoln who went through hell for the nation but NOT the Confederates who were only seeking their own advantage and trying to tear our nation apart to establish a slave empire.Sorry but facts are facts .
 I thought that amazon would have fixed the problem by now , but no . Page 713 is still missing , and in its place is page 813 . I just got it in the mail as a Christmas gift and decided to check to be sure . I am so mad and disappointed with Amazon right now . Hopefully they will resolve the problem quickly . Bigtime bummer .
 Ugh -- By the end of this book , you 're going to want to slap Scarlett silly . I 'm angry that I wasted the past month of my life reading this book . Mitchell must have been getting paid by the word because she goes on and on and on about nothing . This book could have easily been 600 or 700 pages shorter . The romance between Rhett and Scarlett is not believable . A cold , drab book . Save yourself the agony
 I have to admit one thing about this book . She got her Civil War facts right , which is more than we can say for some authors who have tried writing novels about the war . Other than that , I have nothing good to say about this book.Scarlett is one of the most annoying characters you 'll ever read about . I realize she 's supposed to be that way , but frankly I did n't care what happened to her or anybody else in this book . She got on my nerves right from the start.My biggest problem with the book was how racist it was . Critics of Mark Twain call his books racist , but Tom and Huck are probably accurate portrayals of kids growing up in that time and place -LRB- at least regarding their thoughts on slaves -RRB- . To have Tom Sawyer make a comment that sounds racist to us is one thing , but in this case the author shows her own racism . A slave who came back south after visiting Boston with a Union officer complains about being expected to sit at the dinner table with the white people , who obviously did n't know that the black people were inferior and should eat in the kitchen . This was probably her view when she wrote it , but if you could go back in time I doubt if you 'd have found any slaves who did n't want their freedom , or who did n't want to be treated as equals by the white people of the time.I 've never understood the popularity of this book or the movie . If you want to read a good Civil War novel try something by Howard Bahr or `` The Killer Angels , '' or `` A Soldier 's Book , '' or `` Enemy Women , '' or `` The Red Badge of Courage , '' or `` Shiloh . ''
 The book was intended as a gift but was in too poor condition to be given . I was disappointed .
 This book was advertised as large print which is what my elderly mother needed . It arrived and it was not large print but normal print . The company apologized and stated they did not have a large print but to keep the book they sent .
 I have read GWTW many times and have always longed for an adequate recording of this book . So , when I saw this book on CD at the library I checked it out . What a disappointment!I was so sure that a company with the stature of Recorded Books would select only the best narrator . This should have been given to Flo Gibson -- someone with the vocal and acting chops to really do justice to both the narative and character portrayal.Just because someone can act well , it does n't necessarily follow that she will be a great reader . This actor does , in all justice a fairly good job with Scarlett . However , her pacing and phrasing during the narrative portions was mediocre at best and GWTW has a lot of narrative . Secondary characters are not treated with much differentiation of vocal dynamics , expression or seemingly thought about character . The phrasing was particularly poor and down right irritating at times . It sounded as if this reader gave no preparation to some passages and sat down with the book to read aloud passages that she was seeing for the first time . I am really suprised that the editiors let this pass into publication.The only reason I gave it two stars is because the reader does an adequate job with Scarlett and seems to get the accent dead on . `` Reading '' this performance was so tedious that I did not finish the book . I certainly would not buy this performance . Read the book instead .
 Cheap binding , rough page edges , and looks like its been sitting on a bookshelf in direct sunlight for 20 years . The product was advertised as new , but most definitely is n't .
 This is not a review or comment on Margaret Mitchell 's work , but on the cheap , shoddy way that Scribner decided to package it . My daughter is in her third reading since we purchased this volume as a Christmas present in December , 06 , and is the only one reading it in the house . Chunks of pages have begun falling out of the binding . The spine is paper , and not sturdy at that.I 'm no expert on bookbinding , but this casts an image -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- of cheapness over the publisher . I 'd like to have thought that for the price , this could have been expected to last a bit longer than 4 months.I guess this one 's not going to be an heirloom . I 've had many , many paperbacks that are in better condition after similar use.Sad , really , for such a wonderful work , to have been packaged this way .
 I only knew the story from the movie , so I bought this book the week before we invaded Iraq , I 'm sure at some subconscious level to read a viewpoint about war . The first half of the book was ok , I liked the descriptions of the suffocating constraints of upper class society at the time and Scarlett 's rejection of them . The devastation of war and the struggle that Scarlett and her family went through were powerful . However , the second half of the book completely turned me off to the story . Margret Mitchell 's descriptions of the reconstruction were so vile I almost put the book down . Blacks were only happy being slaves , they were too stupid for anything else . The only good blacks in the book are the ones who can serve the whites . Big Sam says he had enough of freedom and wants to go back to Tara . He 's even incredulous that while in the north whites wanted him to sit at the dinner table with them like he was their equal , but he could n't do it because he is not the equal to whites . Mitchell actually says that he smiles and feels better when Scarlett starts to tell him what to do because someone is telling him what to do again . Mitchell also uses animal metaphors when describing the black characters.At one point Mitchell is describing how the southern whites hate the Yankees so much because the Yankees have money and food and power and they do not , yet she does n't have any sense of irony to see that the whites are in the position that they put the slaves in for centuries.And another thing that I did not like about the book is that most of the characters are serious sociopaths . They kill anyone who breaks their rules of racial propriety . Rhett kills a black man for being `` upity '' to a white woman , another character , one of the Fontaine boys , kills a black man for for saying something to a white woman . We are not told what but it is pretty obvious it was sexual , so we have the sterotype of the black male sexual prowler . Then the same Fontaine boy kills Jonas Wilkinson for telling black men that they are equal to whites and that they are alowed to have white women !! He does n't just kill him , he cuts him to ribbons with a knife . There are many more examples of this psychotic behaviour . And Mitchell treats these behaviors as if they are to be admired . While reading I kept thinking these people are all nuts . I was glad they suffered and I 'm glad they lost the war . I lost any sense of caring about what happened to any of them , including Scarlett.Also , this is a very anti-American book . Mitchell keeps going on about how awful the Yankees and the Union and the federal government are and how great Georgia and states rights are . Of course , states rights here means being able to murder anyone who annoys you . The reconstruction section of the book should be read by everyone just to show why the flying of the Confederate flag is so offensive . It is completely un-American . And one last thing . This is n't a great love story . Rhett is really only a supporting character in the book until the last 200 pages when they get married , and for a book over 1000 pages , that 's not alot . I think people remember the movie more than the actual book.I was really dissapointed with this book . I was looking forward to enjoying a nice read and discovered that it was horrible propaganda . It is really hard to believe that this book won the Pulitzer prize over Absalom , Absalom ! by Faulkner .
 I only knew the story from the movie , so I bought this book ... The first half of the book was ok , I liked the descriptions of the suffocating constraints of upper class society at the time and Scarlett 's rejection of them . The devastation of war and the struggle that Scarlett and her family went through were powerful . However , that second half of the book completely turned me off the the story . Margret Mitchell 's descriptions of the reconstruction were so vile I almost put the book down . Blacks were only happy being slaves , they were too stupid for anything else . The only good blacks in the book are the ones who can serve the whites . Big Sam says he had enough of freedom and wants to go back to Tara . He even states incredulously that while in the north whites wanted him to sit at the table like he was their equal , but he could n't do it because he is not the equal to whites . Mitchell actually says that he smiles and feels better when Scarlett starts to tell him what to do because someone is telling him what to do again . At one point Mitchell is describing how the southern whites hate the Yankees so much because the Yankees have money and food and power and they do not , yet she does n't have any sense of irony to see that the whites are in the position that they put the slaves in for centuries.And another thing that I did not like about the book is that most of the characters are serious sociopaths . They kill anyone who breaks their rules of racial propriety . Rhett kills a black man for being `` upity '' to a white woman , another character , one of the Fontaine boys , kills a black man for for saying something to a white woman . We are not told what but it is pretty obvious it was sexual , so we have the sterotype of the black male sexual prowler . Then the same Fontaine boy kills Jonas Wilkinson for telling blacks men that they are equal to whites and that they are alowed to have white women !! He does n't just kill him , he cuts him to ribbons with a knife . There are many more examples of this psychotic behaviour . And Mitchell treats them as if they are to be admired . While reading I kept thinking these people are all nuts . I was glad they suffered ... I lost any sense of caring about what happened to any of them , including Scarlett.Also , this is a very anti-American book . Mitchell keeps going on about how awful the Yankees and the Union and the federal government are and how great Georgia and states rights are . Of course , states rights here means being able to murder anyone who annoys you . The reconstruction section of the book should be read by everyone just to show why the flying of the Confederate flag is so offensive . It is completely un-American . And one last thing . This is n't a great love story . Rhett is really only a supporting character in the book until the last 200 pages when they get married , and for a book over 1000 pages , that 's not alot . I think people remember the movie more than the actual book.I was really dissapointed with this book . I was looking forward to enjoying a nice read and discovered that it was horrible propaganda . It is really hard to believe that this book won the Pulitzer prize over Absalom , Absalom ! by Faulkner .
 The book is better than the movie , and might be worth reading if you need an immense tome to take on vacation . Much as I despise this silly book , I have to admit it is a prime page turner.Its chief interest as a book is as a window into the viewpoint of history so common in the white upper crust South in the 1930 's . The casually racist attitudes of Margaret Mitchell are a good example , and enough to make any quasi-enlightened being howl with outrage . Ditto the views on Andersonville , Reconstruction and especially the benefits of slavery to Black people .
 Hell , I just wasted the better part of my Sunday reading the last couple of hundred pages of this trash , always in the hope that somewhere , there had to be this twist which would make the book worth reading , but it just never came . I ended flinging the book across the room , disgusted . Character , heroism , intelligence , thoughtfulness ? Things Scarlett certainly lacks can all be found in books like Inception -LRB- Harbinson -RRB- or even better
 My father browbeat me into reading `` Gone With The Wind '' when I was a teenager . To this day I ca n't understand what all the fuss was about . Scarlet is such a spoilt snit that I could n't care what happened to her . I guess this is one book you either love or hate , so I recommend that you check a volume out of the library and read a chapter or two . If you hate it , you 've lost nothing but a little of your time . If you love it , well , there 's no accounting for taste .
 Written during the Great Depression when Americans needed escapism , GWTW and the resulting movie it spawned are primarily responsible for distorting many Americans impressions of slavery , as well as trivializing the horror of the Civil War . If you like your history covered with moonlight and magnolias and sugar-coated beyond all reality GWTW is just what you are looking for . After all , its only fiction . Problem is , too many people over the years have come to regard it as almost gospel . In the end , GWTW is little more than a cheap attempt to create an American version of Tolstoy 's `` War & Peace . ''
 There is so much lip service paid to how good this book is , and how everyone should read it , and yadda yadda yadda.The prose is boring , way too purple and prosaic . It makes Soap Operas look realistic.None of this speaks to the fact that the whole book is RASCIST . The south was built on the backs of African-Americans , and they died to build the South up . They are still fighting for equality , and now we have some romantic idealization of the South , and Margaret Mitchell makes the Klan look like some good group of good ol' boys.I am disgusted that a book this blatently racist and snotty is still held up as a classic .
 I use to feel bad about Sherman burning Atlanta , but that was before I read this book . Though it is a very well written book it is very offensive to ; African Americans , women and of course Yankees .
 My father browbeat me into reading Gone With The Wind when I was a teenager . To this day I ca n't understand what all the fuss was about . Scarlet is such a spoilt snit that I could n't care what happened to her . I guess this is one book you either love or hate , so I recommend that you check a volume out of the library and read a chapter or two . If you hate it , you 've lost nothing but a little of your time . If you love it , well , there 's no accounting for taste .
 IT WAS TERRIBLE ! I hated Gone with the wind , at no time did it get my attention at all ! I had all I could do to finish the book !
 I have just re-read GWTW for the fourth time and each timeI do I start out thinking it a magnificently written and researched book , with a glorious story - and the patronizing racist attitude of the author - yes , the author herself - makes me sick to my stomach.I devoured this novel when I was thirteen , again in my twenties , then my thirties , and here I am again , keen to know what will happen next to that sociopath Scarlett O'Hara the ultimate sexy , manly man , Rhett Butler and the dreamy dreamer and weakling , Ashley Wilkes.And yet - I believe this book should be banned . There are almost no books I feel that way about . I 'm a writer and I abhor censorship . But this book is so outright racist it gags.Why should such stereotypes be allowed to continue for generation after generation to absorb?What would the world think of a romantic novel about dashing German SS officers and a beautiful blonde `` maidchen '' cavorting charmingly before concentration camp slaves ? All the while talking about those slaves as if they were simply `` children '' who did n't know any better than to be wearing striped pajamas , carrying out humiliating tasks for their `` masters '' and existing pleasantly and contentedly in their cute little `` barracks '' ? Critics would be up in arms . Such a novel would fall into disrepute and no one would claim it to be a great work of literature , even if it was well-written . So why do we stand for GWTW - this travesty of lies , lies , lies?I notice that one of the reviewers below mentioned that slaves were n't , in fact , badly treated . Hello ! To begin with , slavery is slavery
 For $ 10 you 'd think there would be a working table of contents . Also do n't forget the slaves depicted were from the masters ' points of view .
 I placed an order for a new one , but got a used one with several markers and dirty . So , I am so disappointed with this book .
 `` Gone With the Wind '' , taken as pure fiction , stands as an interesting and well-written tale of life in the Old South . Characters are well developed and constant in their portrayal of the complexities of love and life under the strain of a collapsing civilization . Survival amidst tremendous hardships and the source of strength in the human soul are topics that the novel/movie address nicely . However , taken in a context of reality , `` Gone With the Wind '' is insulting to the reader 's / viewer 's intelligence and to the ancestors of Southerners , both black and white , free and slave , through its completely one-sided depiction of life in the plantation south . Many other reviewers on this site have commented that `` Gone With the Wind '' is a nice change from other books and movies in that it portrays the master/slave relationship as being affable . The truth , however , is not so pleasant . It is evident from the reading of historical documents that even the kindest of slaveholders did not keep their slaves as well-clothed , well-fed , and lightly worked as the O'Haras kept theirs . Only once did the movie portray slaves doing field labor . It never showed the slaves ' living quarters , which were often less than comfortable . The only brutality and punishment it showed was when Scarlet hit Prissy for not moving fast enough when Melanie was giving birth . The representation of Mammy is partly accurate in that she was a jack-of-all-trades woman who cared especially for the master 's children . The other side of the `` Mammy '' role however , was that on most plantations , the mammy was overworked , on-call 24 hours a day , and abused sexually and physically by the master . Also , a mammy would have never had the authority to boss around a master 's daughter like Mammy bossed around Scarlet . For those who desire a well-written piece of fiction that takes place in a beautiful and gentile fantasy world called the Old South , I would surely recommend `` Gone With the Wind '' . For those who know better than to believe in illusions of peace and warmth in the plantation south and who enjoy books that have at least one foot in the doorway of reality , `` Gone With the Wind '' will not be on your list of favorites .
 Let yourself get lost in Atlanta with the characters of Gone With the Wind . You 'll yearn for a sequal . If you 've seen the movie , you 've really seen a different story that what you 'll find in the book .
 Gone With the Wind is one of my favorite novels , and I previously owned it only in paperback , so purchased this hardback just over a year ago . I read it after purchasing it , and then it went on a bookshelf . When I brought it back down to let my daughter read it , she commented that the pages were coming out , and sure enough they were . The glue in the binding has lost all of its stickiness and the pages are all completely coming out . What a HUGE disappointment after the money spent . I was better off with my paperback . Do NOT buy this format of the book .
 This book has permanently damaged my brain cells . If you are smart , do n't read it .
 THIS IS THE WORST BOOK EVER WRITTEN ! IT WAS PAINFUL FOR ME TO READ THIS GARBAGE ! MARGARET MITCHELL WAS OBVIOUSLY RACIST ! C'MON , JUST READ THE PART ABOUT RECONSTRUCTION ! AND HOW SCARLETT CAN TREAT THE SLAVES LIKE DIRT AFTER THEY HAD MADE TARA A PLANTATION , AND KEPT FOOD ON THE TABLE ! REALLY , IF RHETT LOVED HER `` SO '' MUCH , HOW COULD HE JUST LEAVE HER LIKE THAT ! THIS BOOK COULD HAVE ABOUT 200 PAGES AND STILL BE TOO LONG ! TALK ABOUT TRIVIAL DETAIL ! -LRB- The hat was emerald green , with a large bouncy ostrich plume , and wide emerald ribbons as big as Scarlett 's hands . The dress was 12 yards of green sprigged muslin with only tiny puffed sleeves , it was low enough to be a dancing dress , and certainly not suitable for a morning barbecue . The dress was a green plaid tarlatan , so wide it reduced her wasit to nothingless . Oh , she 'd lead that waltz with an apple-green watered-silk dress , and dark green ribbons on her bosom and white tuberroses in her hair . -RRB- REALLY , WHO GIVES A DAMN !
 this book is so scary ! i hated it ! the man and the women kissed and it made me feel scared even though i am a big boy im 12 years old already and this stupid book scared me ! if you dont want to end up pissing in your pants like me . . then dont read this book ... e-mail me with your opinions . but beware this book is some pretty serious stuff
 THIS IS THE WORST BOOK EVER WRITTEN ! IT WAS PAINFUL FOR ME TO READ THIS GARBAGE ! MARGARET MITCHELL WAS OBVIOUSLY RACIST ! C'MON , JUST READ THE PART ABOUT RECONSTRUCTION ! AND HOW SCARLETT CAN TREAT THE SLAVES LIKE DIRT AFTER THEY HAD MADE TARA A PLANTATION , AND KEPT FOOD ON THE TABLE ! REALLY , IF RHETT LOVED HER `` SO '' MUCH , HOW COULD HE JUST LEAVE HER LIKE THAT ! THIS BOOK COULD HAVE ABOUT 200 PAGES AND STILL BE TOO LONG ! TALK ABOUT TRIVIAL DETAIL ! -LRB- The hat was emerald green , with a large bouncy ostrich plume , and wide emerald ribbons as big as Scarlett 's hands . The dress was 12 yards of green sprigged muslin with only tiny puffed sleeves , it was low enough to be a dancing dress , and certainly not suitable for a morning barbecue . The dress was a green plaid tarlatan , so wide it reduced her wasit to nothingless . Oh , she 'd lead that waltz with an apple-green watered-silk dress , and dark green ribbons on her bosom and white tuberroses in her hair . -RRB- REALLY , WHO GIVES A DAMN !
 i absolutely hate this book !!!!!!!!!! i read at a pace of roughly 100 pages in twenty miutes and it took me over six months to finish this book . its hard to get into scarlet is a self cantered brat its unbearably boring and i just flat out want to buy the actual book and burn it !!!!!!!! i am very sorry if this offends anyone ... i am sure that margaret michell is a great author but i just cant stand this book ... i try my best not to bash any books but i just had to on this one . please forgive me but that is my opinion
 I only subjected myself to one half of the free sample . That people could regard this as a great novel is beyond my comprehension . I will not be buying the complete file.John BeyerleinLiz & Dick
 i hate book and love movi
 The fact that so many people still love this book just shows how racist we still are . It does NOT make it a good book just because you `` like '' it.Don ' t start with me about Mammy , or about how Scarlett O'Hara does n't change at ALL throughout the book , except for getting `` tougher . '' Margaret Mitchell did much to immortalize the ridiculous fantasy of `` The South '' that we still cling to today . I 'm not saying that there were n't good moments back in Antebellum days , but let 's be realistic . In `` Reading Lolita in Tehran , '' the author -LRB- I have forgotten her name , may she forgive me -RRB- states somewhere that `` even if you 're under a benevolent dictator , you 're still under a dictator . `` And before I get screams of rage from people who probably also believe in wearing white at their wedding , just remember
 This edition is literally missing the part where Bonnie dies ! There are no pages missing , just the material . Horrific . I threw it out .
 I received the book on time but the back cover was torn at the binding 1/2 way down ! I was not impressed with that at all .
 i would not recommend this book for anyone who is intereseted in identifying the trees in the field . Its organised according to species names and is very inconvininet to use . A classification basedon leaves , colors and fruits will be more useful .
 This book was just not for me . I do n't see the sun let alone the beach ... that should have been my first clue .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Nothing is written that sparks interest , surprise , or fun . Just because you want a good beach read does not mean it must be mindless and shallow as well . I have learned a big lesson about buying a book with only 7 reviews with a title like this . Buy Playboy ... it 's cheaper and a better read .
 well i bought this book because it was 4 $ including shipping brand new . . pros :1 -RRB- kanji de manga uses 2 different fonts to show the kanji . * this is useful because sometimes a kanji can be mistakeyou have only ever see it in one font .2 -RRB- has a huge picture of each kanji . * this is rather nice because i remember thiings better if theyare bigCONS :1 -RRB- book only gives 2-3 compounds . . * if you only know a couple of compounds it is going to be difficultfor you to apply your knowledge of kanji and actually read .2 -RRB- half of the book is blank practice pages . * this is a waste of space in my opinion . they are not labled as towhat you should work on for the blank pages . i would have ratherthey packed in 80 more kanji into the book . i would rather use myown paper to prectice writing than pay for them to print some inthe back of the book .3 -RRB- does not cement kanji from previous pages in example sentences * i feel that if you have already gone through and learned somekanji that if a word comes up that ordinarily uses that kanji itshould be used and have furigana over it . this would cement thekanji in the readers memory and make the student feel like theyare making great progress .4 -RRB- annoying kanji organization * i would prefer it to be organized in an order that makes moresense to the western mind
 I got this book for my e-reader because I thought it would be a fun way to learn . It said the text to speech was enabled but it is n't . This would be helpful while trying to read on a small screen . and it is always easier to learn another language when you can hear it .
 This comment is not about the content but the way it is being rendered on a 6 '' Kindle.The content could have been `` stretched '' so that it utilizes the whole screen which in turn makes the text more `` readable ''
 Again another product that translates poorly to the Kindle . Mainly images and unable to zoom them usefully . Do not purchase these for the Kindle .
 Just go to : http://www.animelab.com/anime.manga/kanjiIt's free and provides everything the book has except the pictures ... which most of us do n't need.Oh , and a reply to something RebirthZero -LRB- Twister of dismensions -RRB- said : `` It teaches you about 80 kanji -LRB- almost enough for JLPT 4 -LSB- see back of the book -RSB- -RRB- and gives you about 2 or 3 compunds per page . `` I do n't think so . Maybe the back of the book 's definition is different from mine , because according to the Animelab.com , 80 kanji is only enough for the first grade exam ! You 'll need way over just 80 kanji to past the exam held in 4th grade!Actually , this book is probably useless for people who already know stroke order and just need to improve on kanji writing vocabulary . Yes , the site does NOT provide stroke orders , but again , if you 're an advanced beginner like I , you do NOT need this at ALL.One last thing
 First I must say that I have read only the five chapters dedicated to Sri Lanka , which makes about half of the edition for this country -LRB- Viyitha Yapa Publications -RRB- . I was just about to give up the book after a few pages because of Anita Pratap 's style
 I have to admit that as a student of history and political science , who is quite familiar with the sri lanka question , this book thoroughly disappointed me . Let me argue why.First , there is a stylistic problem . I am familar with a number of journalists who write autobiographical-political works - Fergal Keane , Kate Adie , John Simpson and so on . Their work is imbued with both a sense of humility and an understanding of the larger context within which they 've reported . Pratap is hugely self centred - her journalistic endeavours centre around her , and her alone ; her subjects are there to make her sense of empathy evident , and to remind her how important her son is.That 's the other problem with this book
 I purchased this book as a gift . The wrapping for the book and the package that Amazon used was flimsy , and fell apart . The gift was a mess when it arrived . In spite of paying for gift wrapping and for shipping , Amazon failed to provide either adequately .
 This book is not intersesting , not helpful and not informative . There are a lot of great books on advertising and marketing , this is not one of them . I have spent the past 15 years in the advertising business and I can honsetly say I did not learn anything new from reading this book .
 The authors here assert that they have discovered revealing new information about the Fischer Spassky match from declassified KGB files and the like . The reality is that this is simply a story retold with nothing of significance that I did not already know from memory and other sources . That does not make it a bad story for those who are not familiar with the match , but it does make it less than advertised for those who are . Even if some details were presented for the first time , I would not have much faith in their accuracy given the book 's plethora of factual errors . -LRB- Palma de Mallorca is referred to as a `` walled city , a decisive game of less than 20 moves between GMs is said to be so rare as to be `` historic , '' etc. -RRB- It is clear that the authors know little or nothing about chess , so chess players in particular can be safely warned away from this book . Not only are they more likely to be familiar with the book 's content , but they will also be more sensitive to the authors ' many mistakes and exaggerations .
 BOBBY FISHER GOES TO WAR is a well-researched book , using , among other sources , recently opened Soviet files on the match . The authors -LRB- Edmonds and Eidinow -RRB- fill in the background leading up to the match , including bios of the lives of Fisher and Spassky , the two combatants in `` the chess match of all time '' . However , the story lacks for sustainable drama ; things poke along , the authors obviously stretching out a long magazine piece into a book . This is fine for chess fans but the general reader may feel too bogged down . On the other hand , there is little analysis of the games played in the match , which might frustrate a chess buff who has not yet read any of the analytical books on the match . BOBBY FISHER GOES TO WAR is probably more a political book than a sports book as all the negotiations , psychology , and behind the scenes manuvering are spelled out as well as the actions of the Soviet Communist party machinery regarding the match and very little on the games itself . Fisher comes off as brilliant but insane and this reader had little sympathy for his pathological behavior or the chess authorities caving into his ridiculous and nuerotic demands . All of that is covered in detail in the book . Ultimately , this is not the story of an American hero but of a pathetic , spoiled , ungrateful boy in a man 's suit .
 I must respect Bobby Fischer as a player . But I learned some stuff that does n't make me respect him as a person . I have read more things about Fischer which this book leaves out and should have been put in .
 I was very disappointed in this publication -- `` slim for the money '' is something of an understatement in my opinion . A dozen saddle-stapled legal-size xeroxes doth not a trade paperback make , really , and much of the information can be had on the ` net for free . The sketches are amateurish at best , confusing at worst . I 'd never EVER sent an order back to Amazon.com -- until now.There 're / much / better texts on the subject available right here at Amazon.com ; I 'd advise saving your money for those rather than spending on this .
 This book was highly informative about Irish wedding customs , but I was looking for more of `` hints '' of what to do for a traditional wedding , not why these traditions are in place . It was n't the type of book I was looking for in wedding planning .
 Amazing how many books are coming out on Irish weddings . As a consultant specializing in Celtic celebrations , I have the dubious honor of buying or borrowing whatever books come out that focus on important events in the Celtic life . This one came to my attention while browsing the internet . It purports to be `` the definitive resource '' , but it 's simply a compilation of material that anyone can get if they visit their local library . These days , engaged couples are usually so busy , they need sound , practical advice that will save them time , aggravation , and possibly a few bucks into the bargain . The idea of trying to recreate a hands-on , hand-made `` village/peasant style '' celebration that other reviewers are raving about is totally out of touch with reality . From my own experience , what engaged couples want is something that will make the planning process easier , while also incoporating appropriate ethnic details . There 's lots of fun stuff to read here , but `` definitive '' , it is definitely not .
 why I liked Part 2 better than Part 1 , but had I read this book first , I would 've never read Kenyatta 's Escape . This book basically talked about how Kenyatta got started , the dedication to his `` missus '' , his crew , etc. . I 'm starting to get bored reading these books . Before I said I would read all of his book but this is the sixth one I 've read and I 've only liked two . It 's like the same character on a different day
 After reading the other reviews about this book , I thought that it 'd be a handy reference guide to add to my collection . I 'm an experienced web developer and already know how style sheets work and how to use them - I just wanted a book where I could quickly look up specific syntax , etc.This book definitely does n't work for that - the index is sorely lacking and the information is n't well-organized at all . So , since a lot of the other reviewers wrote that this book is n't for beginners -LRB- I agree -RRB- and , since I 'm an experienced developer and it 's not working for me , I 'm not sure who would find this book useful . Especially when there are so many other CSS books to choose from ... Normally O'Reilly books are really good , so I 'm a little bit surprised that they published this book without having an editor clean it up and organize it . In any case , I would not recommend this book , period . I 'm glad that my employer paid for it and not me . ; - -RRB-
 This was supposed to come with a CD and did not . There is no option on Amazon to facilitate missing products , only to return items . Very bummed out .
 The book is exactly what I needed , but it 's supposed to come with a CD and this book did not . It was n't indicated that it did not include the CD . This was misleading .
 Other books have tried this same concept and succeeded more
 There are already dozens of creative writing `` how to '' books on the market ... Why make a student spend this much for a book that 's overloaded and at times condescending ? Too much advice can intimidate a student ; far more useful are exercises and suggestions from practicing writers .
 While I 'm not the most prolific or most experienced writer , I am familiar enough with the field to not be talked down to like a 6th grader in a father-son chat . While the authors attempts to be `` chumy '' with the reader , they really do no more than patronize and make apparent their academic lack . There were no new ideas presented here -- even for a beginning text , I would recommend looking elsewhere for a better basic understanding of the guidelines that will help your work work .
 There are already dozens of creative writing `` how to '' books on the market ... Why make a student spend this much for a book that 's overloaded and at times condescending .
 There are already dozens of creative writing `` how to '' books on the market ... Why make a student spend this much for a book that 's overloaded and at times condescending .
 The Kindle combined edition of Alice -LSB- 's Adventures -RSB- in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass described here -LSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0011U42V6/ref=yml_dp -RSB- has neither the Tenniel illustrations nor the annotations mentioned in the description . As you can get the books for your Kindle for free , it 's not worth getting the combo - even for 99 cents - without these features . That seems rather the point of purchasing it . -LRB- It was for me , anyway . -RRB-
 I really wish I 'd read the review of this kindle book before I purchased it . It is not Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking glass but Alice in Wonderland ONLY . Very irritating.There is really nothing positive to say about this edition , the formatting is about par for a cheap kindle book . It 's manageable but disappointing . If I were reviewing `` Alice in wonderland '' then I may have given it a 3-star review but as it is was inappropriately titled the entire experience is a disappointment.I wish there was some way to preview Kindle editions -LRB- screenshots etc -RRB- before purchasing them . You can read sample chapters but in this situation it would not have revealed that this is really only Alice in Wonderland . But it was a bargain and such things are always a bit of a crapshoot .
 I am extremely disappointed in online version of this book . The formatting is poor and they have removed all the great illustrations . I want my money back .
 Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE Alice in Wonderland , and have from childhood . Rereading it made me more aware of the intoxicating dreamlike quality of the story line as well as the incredibly tongue-in-cheek writing style . BUT ... I was very disappointed to open it and find it contained NO illustrations whatsoever ! Reading A.I.W. without the John Tenniel drawings is like eating plain dry bread . I know the drawings by heart so I could imagine them , but it is n't the same . Also -- many many typos ! Avoid this edition ! I 'm going to order a different one right now .
 This is a review of the physical book published by Tribeca Books , not the stories about Alice written by Lewis Carroll . The book itself is not worth your money . The text and margins are very small and do not seem well centered on the page . The font is simple and ugly . The spine of the book is completely white and does n't have the title of the book or author listed . It may be superficial , but how do you recognize this book on a bookshelf ? Overall , the book is very cheap and thrown together . Get a nicer version that also has the original illustrations by John Tenniel .
 Unfortunately , this Kindle version is missing almost all of the illustrations , which are an integral part of the book . And the poetry is not formatted correctly and is in red on my iPad Kindle.Through the Looking Glass -LSB- Kindle Edition -RSB- by BLTC is the one you want .
 This review is not about the book itself , but about the $ 0.99 Kindle edition . Considering this book is in the public domain , I would expect to get an active table of contents for an edition I have to pay for . That 's not the case here , so watch out .
 This edition is missing a line ! Look on page 37 , in the `` Fury said to a mouse '' poem . It says `` I 'll be jury '' when the real line is supposed to be `` I 'll be judge , I 'll be jury '' ! What other mistakes have they made ?
 I ordered this book in `` NEW '' condition . It was far from that . It was to be a replacement for one that my daughter had misplaced from our local library . They would not even take it . Very frustrating .
 This marvelous book has become such a part of our culture that it 's impossible to separate the phenomenon from the actual work . And perhaps it 's folly to even try.I grew up with a hard backed copy of Alice in Wonderland and remember going through the pages countless times , gazing at the magnificent pictures -- especially the Jabberwock -- and giggling at the poetry . `` Father William '' and `` The Walrus and the Carpenter '' still occupy parts of my brain as snatches and shards that want to pop out at awkward moments.That battle worn , orange backed book , handed down I 'm pretty sure from my Dad , and read by him with equal enthusiasm when he was a kid , is long gone , and now that I 'm armed with a Kindle I downloaded a copy to enjoy a fine book from my youth . If it 's true that you ca n't go home again , it 's even more true that some books will never let you back in . This is one of them.I 'm not sure if the fantastic lives of fantasy and fiction that play out daily as hard news have diluted our ability to plunge unrestrained into a book like Alice in Wonderland , or if the book refuses to give up its virtues a second time for a plainer reason
 I bought this volume because several of the reviews mentioned that there were illustrations by John Tenniel . Unfortunately I failed to read the small print
 This is not a pretty edition . For a serviceable edition just to read the wonderful words of these stories and to have them together , it 's ok . The printing is dense and the quality of the paper is poor . The price is great . Not for a gift . Teresa
 STILL have not recieved product ! very disappointed where as this was supposed to be for a high school project in which now i STILL dont have the book to use and project is due very soon ! what is going on ?
 Have you ever read the book Alice in Wonderland ? Well if you have n't , `` Do n't '' . Overall it was n't that bad of a book , but it was extremely confusing . In my opinion this book could have been written a lot better . For example , it could have been alot less confusing and more realistic . The main reason I did n't exactly enjoy Alice in Wonderland was because it needed to be more happy , then unhappy . Here are some more reasons why you should not read this boring book . Alice in Wonderland could have been written a lot better . The author 's language usage was a bit hard to comprehend , like when the caterpillar was talking to Alice about a crocodile and when the cat was giving Alice directions . Also , the scenes were short and they jumped right into each other too quickly . Most of the animals were rude and mean to Alice . The flowers shooed her away , the queen tried to cut off her head and the cat was always making her angry by lying . Another part that did n't make any sense was the tea party , there 's no such thing aa a `` Very Merry Unbirthday '' . Also the Mad Hatter and the Hare would n't listen to Alice when she was trying to tell her story . All the creatures and animals kept Alice from what she was trying to do which was to follow the white rabbit . Alice met many , many creatures such as Tweedle Dee , Tweedle Dum , Do Do , Bill , Rabbit , Cat , Queen of Hearts , Caterpillar , Playing cards , Mad Hatter , Hare , Flowers , Pig and the Door Knob . This book made me just as frustrated and upset as it made Alice.I felt like I was in the book and I could feel all the confusion and nonsense going on . If I had to give my overall opinion of how good the book was I would give it 2 stars.So , in conclusion I would like to let everyone know that Alice in Wonderland was not worth reading , so do n't waste your time ! Go get yourself an interesting book to read !
 Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was an extremely ridiculous and confusing book . The characters were mis leading and Alice was very annoying -LRB- from the little details I read throughout the book -RRB- . This book would be a good for fantasy lovers , but to me it was unrealistic and childish . Some of the things the characters said and did in the story were confusing and somewhat complicated . I do n't know if I would recommend this book to younger children because of its wording , but it was a child-like book and would attract young readers in a way . The writer writes in a unusual , seemingly `` old fashioned '' way . You could tell the book was n't written recently by the language usage . Alice is a young girl who is very bright and adventurous . On her way down to Wonderland , she meets alot of new characters . Some are decieving like the treaser cat but all of the very intresting and USUAL , such as the Mad Hater , The Queen of Hearts , etc. . The way the author worded things in the book , made me get confused and unintrested . I had no desire in reading it after the first few pages . I thought the book was far fetched , and seriously i would n't recommend this book to teens or children .
 I truly feel sorry for any child forced to read this book in school . Reading it as an adult was no better . It was possibly the most warped and perverse story I have ever read in my life . Most passages were pure nonsense while others lead the reader to wonder if Lewis Carroll had possibly tasted some of the mushrooms Alice came upon in her adventure . There are many other `` classics '' out there more enjoyable and logical than this one .
 It 's a fantastic book , of course , and it certainly does n't need me to praise it as millions have done before . It 's probably one of the most unique things ever written
 This is about the font size , NOT the content . Gardner 's comments are about a 5 pt . -LRB- i.e. , smaller than used by newspapers for legal notices -RRB- . Had I known , I would have gotten the hard back edition .
 I purchased the Penguin kindle edition in June 2012 . ASIN
 the layout on my kindle with the poems is dreadfull and not what i expect for a book i have purchased i will download free versions in the future
 I bought this edition because I was so horribly disappointed with the free version , which had no poetry . I wanted to be able to read the wonderful poems , like The Walrus and the Carpenter . However , this edition has no table of contents , and no index , which means I am unable to search for and go to the places in the book I am interested in . This makes it useless to me . Once again , I am horribly disappointed . Also , the reviews all praise the illustrations , but unfortunately , there are n't any !
 The actor does a good job acting out the voices of the character but its extremely difficult to understand him when he tries to act as Alice .
 Do n't buy the Kindle edition hoping to see the wonderful illustrations described in the product information . The Kindle edition is text only !
 I thought Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was what the Disney movie was based on , and Through the Looking Glass was another adventure she had . But that is not the case here . The Disney movie version is based on a combination of both books . I think this is important to mention , as it will hardly be like the movie version we all know.I love the movie -LRB- both the 1951 Disney classic and the new Tim Burton version -RRB- and figured I would love the book as well , but this book screwed with me . I have always had a vivid imagination , but never non-sensical imagination . That is exactly what Mr. Carroll had when he wrote this book . The book does , however , contain many of the beloved movie characters - the caterpillar , the white rabbit , Queen of Hearts , Mad Hatter , Dormouse , and of course , the Cheshire cat.Overall , the two stories amused me and kept me entertained , but I would not read them again . I am glad to have read them , though , as Alice 's tale is a classic one .
 `` Alice in Wonderland '' was required reading for one of my present classes , if this had not been the case , I 'm certain I would not have finished it for the sake of enjoyment . I admit this story has good points as well as bad ; it would not have survived nearly so long if it did not . In my opinion , however , the good did not outweigh the bad.One of the strong points of this story is familiarity ; the vast majority of us have had some experience with this book , usually as a child ; we have heard the story , read a condensed version or seen a film or television portrayal . We have seen little girls dress up like Alice on Halloween ; and who does n't personally know The White Rabbit , The Cheshire Cat or the Queen of Hearts ? Perhaps there 's a degree of nostalgia that comes from revisiting these old childhood friends.In addition to being familiar , this story also has the charming quality of feeling as if it had been pulled directly out of a child 's imagination . By that , I mean it does n't follow the rules that have been set up by adults , either scientific or social . So , if you fall down a well shaft in Wonderland , not only are you likely to live , you may also be able to examine the trinkets placed on the shelves , perhaps even get in a few winks as you fall.In this book , nothing is what it seems -LRB- unless you are familiar enough with the story -RRB- ; a baby may mutate into a pig and run off snorting ; a couple of card soldiers may spend an afternoon painting white roses red in order to avoid losing their heads , this is all perfectly normal in Wonderland . Perhaps it is even this strange quality that has made this story so popular . It was n't enough for me however , to make up for what it lacks . This book did n't move along purposefully enough for me to enjoy it or care what happened next . It also had a strange dream-like quality and I do n't mean surreal or day-dreamy . It was dream-like because it was a jumble of random scenes that did n't really interrelate . We often fill in the gaps when we retell our dreams so in that they make sense to us and frankly so that they are worth telling to someone else . This is the impression that I had of Alice in Wonderland ; unstructured and random . The only real goal of the main character was to follow the white rabbit and even that failed as a motive fifty percent of the time . Alice is simply moved haphazardly through a sequence of strange encounters and then wakes up . Because of this , I did n't feel anticipation , I did n't hope for anything , and I did n't have any sense of closure when the story ended ; which are the elements that I feel make a story worth reading .
 I fully expected this book to be illistrated . obviously the reviews I read were for another publication . Without the trippy artwork , the book is just no fun to read .
 This purports to be a compilation of `` Alice '' , but in fact contains only the full text of `` Through the Looking Glass ''
 I was super sad when this book arrived :-LRB- The print was sooooo small that no one wanted to read it . When purchasing the book on Amazon there was no `` preview '' of the pages or inside of the book . I guess that I learned my lesson . I ended up purchasing a different Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass book so that we could read a book that had larger print . I was not happy with this book , and would not recommend it to anyone if you enjoy `` normal '' size print . This was really tiny !!!!! The book arrived in good shape and the shipping was satisfactory .
 I purchased this book because I was specifically lo0king for the sequel , Through the Looking-Glass . I already have `` Alice '' , and for free . This edition claims Looking Glass in its title , but only includes Alice . Do not be fooled . Get Alice for free and skip this misleading version .
 This mass market paperback edition of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass by Signet classics is MISSING A LINE on page 37 during the mouse 's poem . Another reviewer noted this as well . I do n't know why this edition has sold so well and garnered such positive reviews when there is an obvious error . I purchased it after reading that review and thinking he must be mistaken , but he is right , it is there .
 I purchased this edition specifically because of the beautiful illustrations that were referenced in the Amazon review . I wanted to read it to my 6y . o. who NEEDS illustrations . There are none . Also , the print is very small , making it a bit of a task to read .
 This threadbare bargain-priced edition may seem like a deal , but consider before purchasing that it has no table of contents , no introduction , no forward , no illustrations , and no bibliography . Adding insult to injury , the layout of this edition is easily one the worst ever for a reprint , with all words that originally appeared in italics for emphasis printed here in big block caps , as if the typesetting was done by an abrasive kid trying to get attention in an on line chat ... IF YOU GET WHAT I MEAN.If you really want to explore and experience Lewis Carroll 's classic , getThe Annotated Alice
 Last week I downloaded the free version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . All the poetry was missing from it . I did n't realize it right away until I got to the chapter with the Mock Turtle . So , I came across this version and it was very appealing because I thought I was getting both books for just 99 cents . At first I was mostly satisfied since I saw the poetry , but the formatting of the book was weird . There would be a line of text and then the next line would only have a couple words . Also , this download only has Alice in Wonderland . This review is supposed to be for `` Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glasss '' , but after you download the book the cover says `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' . Somebody made a huge mistake somewhere and now I have to go buy Through the Looking-Glass .
 The pink flamingos are adorable , which makes it all the more disappointing when they start rubbing off from the second you remove the price sticker .
 I did receive my book within the time frame I was given . However , when I emailed them for a tracking number , I never heard a reply until now . It took 7 months to get the tracking number for my book . Although I did get my book , I am urging you to think twice before buying from this company . I value customer service very highly ; 7 months in unacceptable.NOTE
 `` Sublime nonsense '' - is the nutshell that this book is . It 's not cleverness - its just randomness disquised as cleverness . It just tosses a bunch of nothing together , shakes it up , mixes in a curious and rude little girl who 's rudeness pales next to the characters she encounters in Wonderland . Those thousand monkeys at typewriters would produce something along these lines before getting to Shakespeare . For some reason , I never read this when I was discovering Narnia or Oz . Ormondroyd 's `` David & the Phoenix '' has the spirit I expected to encounter in Caroll 's book . Instead - this book starts nowhere and ends nowhere . And perhaps that is the nonsense that some find pleasing . For me it was simply distracting . The whole idea of the world 's we create ourselves is a notion I have always been drawn to . Wonderland is n't even a world much less a persuasive daydream . Nothing there matters . And Alice just skips off at the end , leaving her sister to forecast a bit of standard drivel about the day when they will be grownups but always have their childhood inside . Meh .
 I ordered the Penguin Classics version of this book , and the seller shipped me the Signet Classics version .
 Ugh , I found both `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' & `` Through the Looking Glass '' to be thoroughly frustrating and painstaking to read . Both novels were way too wacky and filled with continuous , non-stop bizarre nonsense , that it became to distracting to read at times . There were several times that I had wanted to stop reading each novel , but persevered only because I wanted to see why these two novels are such beloved classics.However , I do n't understand why these two novels are so beloved . They are just too bizarre ... Was Lewis Carroll on some sort of drugs while writing these novels or what ?
 Ok , so everyone says that Alice in Wonderland was such a wonderful book , yes , yes , I am aware . But , I thought it was very confusing and all the characters were very stupid . I mean , it 's not even a book about anything . Sure , it 's trying to say that shes is growing up in the process of the dumb dream world but who cares?It was a bad way to write a story , or better yet it was a bad story to write about in the 1st place .
 I am sure this book must be beautiful but I never received it from this seller . They took the money out of my account and did not send me the book .
 I dont get why old books like these are called `` classics '' . I 've seen the cartoon as a kid and wanted to read the original book to see what made it so special . Now I know that its not special . Its a lot of nonsense , thats a little creative , but nothing that really takes you away from reality . A lot of the characters are unique , but only appear for a brief period and are n't fully developed -LRB- or even partialy -RRB- . Usually I 'm a bad critic because its easy for me to enjoy anything , but I 've had a tough time getting through this one , I dont even think its a good childrens book , they 'll say the same thing I do . BORING . Save the $ 3 and buy yourself a cup of coffee , you 'll find yourself more entertained with measuring out the sugar and cream and more satisfied to sip on that than to power through this .
 I bought this book for my wife . She loves it . It brings back old memories . Maybe when she is finished she will let me read it .
 I was really disappointed when I received this item . Firstly , it is printed in a strange format . I think it 's 8.5 x11 . It basically looks like someone typed it up in MS Word and printed it out on standard printer paper , I could have done that . I chose to buy the book so it looked more like a book.Second , the intro page where the publisher shows off all their other work , a bunch of the titles have the f word in it . I would n't give this to kids to read.Very disappointed , but not sure if it 's worth sending back to Amazon . Probably just dump it in the trash .
 This is the least appealing edition of these two wonderful works that I 've ever beheld . Whoever would want them in typewritten form , on letter-size pages , lookinglike an official transcript of court proceedings ? No illustrations , either -- neither the classic Tenniel drawings nor any modern work . We ordered this for a gift to a child , but no child would give it a second glance . I ca n't imagine an adult reader reading it in this dull format , either . There is n't even a table of contents -- it 's just a solid mass of typewriting .
 I am an American and I have a very good friend from London . Recently my friend came to visit America , and while he was here I pulled out my copy of this book to see what he thought . While many of the terms were accurate , there were a significant number of entries that were outdated , completely off the mark , or close but not quite applied correctly . I handed my friend a red pen and he proceeded to rewrite some entries . He commented several times that the author `` must have never been to England or spoken with actual English people '' as there were so many phrases with inaccurate UK definitions or usages.We did like the pronounciation comparison charts , though , and had a good time saying each of the words and comparing pronounciations . And making fun of the other person where necessary.Overall I 'd say , it 's a good reference for an overall picture , but if you plan on incorporating any of the phrases into your vocabulary , have it checked by a native first .
 One thing this book does go to prove , is that even the most learned of linguistic scholars amongst us -LRB- re : the author -RRB- remains , as ever , `` divided '' by our common language.My tip to any American visitor to these shores would be not to take this book too seriously . Many of the phrases , expressions and translations offered are somewhat antiquated and dated . The section of this book providing most humour is where the authour offers advice to Britons in America , and what common British expressions we should not say whilst in the States . Thank you for the advice , but there are many phrases inlcuded that a Brit would n't use here either . Quite simply , I would n't be understood .
 This book provides some good information -LRB- and some not so good , too -RRB- , but the problem it that the book is so poorly organized that it is utterly useless as a reference . The words are separated into arbitrary categories , and there is no overall index , so it is impossible to find any particular term without scanning many pages . The text also suffers from badly designed tables and amateur typography ; for example , the author uses ALL CAPS both for ACRONYMS as well as TRADEMARKS -LRB- instead of simply including the `` tm '' symbol -RRB- ; the overall effect is just as irritating as in this sentence .
 The book is largely a glossary - perhaps almost half - which does n't exactly make for Interesting reading . Some terms were terribly out of date , others wildly obscure , and at worst , just plain useless and random . I love both the UK and language , and I found this book a badly done bore . Also , shame on the publisher for the crappy formatting . I finished about 60 % of it before giving up , and I normally eat this stuff up .
 This review is for the KINDLE edition in particular.While I found the content of the book itself a lot of fun to read and very interesting ... It was absolutely horrible on the Kindle due to the many pages that contained lists of words comparing British English to American English.The print on these lists could not be magnified in any way , thus a lot of the information simply was impossible to read!If you 're going to buy this , buy the print edition .
 I loved the review that listed the 5 worst written sentences in this book . I got my own copy and underlined 5 others that are just as bad . Here they are .1 . Dawes thought she was at her most attractive when she was irritated -- lips pursed , cheeks flushed , and eyes flashing , though not so much like lightening flashing as like a spark of static electricity from touching a fluffy cat after shuffling across plush carpet in a cold , dark room .2 . He shifted uncomfortably on his stool looking at the topless blonde bombshell on the bar , but the first thing that struck him was the pulchritude of the exotic dancer 's lips , which glowed like maraschino cherries , that is , pitted cherries macerated in an almond-flavored syrup then heated to boiling in an alum-containing brine full of carcinogenic red dyes3 . She lay next to him that night , regretting sleeping with another while they were broken up , knowing she had done nothing wrong but feeling vaguely unclean , like freshly washed , once-folded laundry that has been shoved off the bed onto the floor and slept on by the dog .4 . Dawes lay in bed musing at the slight wrinkles in the down comforter was attracted to her like a moth to a flame - not just any moth , but one of the giant silk moths of the genus Hyalophora , perhaps Hyalophora euryalus , whose great red-brown wings with white basal and postmedian lines flap almost languorously until one ignites in the flame , fanning the conflagration to ever greater heights until burning down to the hirsute thorax and abdomen , the fat-laden contents of which provide a satisfying sizzle to end the agony .5 . Which like waves in a gently wind-blown semi-calm sea heaved gently as she moved her legs under the cover and alternately wiggled her toes , causing a rogue ripple to course across the bed and die against the shore of the pillow .
 Reading this novel was like swimming upside down in a vat of peanut oil . Everything seems like it 's inverted and moving in slow motion . If a book were ever measured by its weight , then Stones of Summer would be a masterpiece . Unfortunately , you may want to read the book . Once you open it and try to sit down to enjoy it , you realize you are not reading a masterpiece , but instead a long-winded , boring tale about characters that you really could care less about . I really want to meet the person who has read this all the way to the end . He/she probably also competes in `` iron man '' triathalons and peruses the tax code for pleasure . The most torturous element of the book is the collection of wholly unlikeable characters . By the middle of the book I did n't care what happened to any of them - in fact I would have liked the book more if they had all died in a fiery car crash .
 The Stones of Summer was in the dollar bin at a local Borders -LRB- now closed , of course -RRB- , the catchy title , the wide expanse of sky and plain caught my eye . I thumbed a few pages and those caught my attention , thinking it was a fast paced , moving coming-of-age story . The over-eager blurb on the back cover over-stating how wonderful it was to the critic should have been a bright red flashing and clanging warning bell.Usually , I can get through any book , however slow and plodding . What I did n't count on was the overflow of exposition , the long and rambling descriptions of places , the often pointless dialogue . I could only force myself to finish about 1/3 to 1/2 of the book . Never before have I stopped reading a book because it was too boring . And I 've read ALOT of books.The characters are often too introspective . What teenager spends pages of inner dialogue ? Especially a teenage boy ? The grandparents were almost caricatures of farmers and farm wives . The hard-working , dust-covered , hard-bitten farmer , spending twenty hours a day plowing , the hard-as-nails , flour-covered , with-a-soft-heart grandmother toiling away in the kitchen from dusk to midnight , ever mindful of her husbands wants and needs.Best friends that cause only trouble for the young boy child , where parents are somewhere not to be found raising their seemingly only child . The boy just seems to do whatever he wants with his friends , in his own little world . I do n't know , the book was just unnaturally written and unconvincing.I would give it a 2 , only for sheer size and audacity .
 Like others who saw the film Stone Reader , I was dying to get my hands on this book . Before I was halfway through , I was dying for it to be over . The Stones of Summer is the ur-Great American Novel , a sprawling , woman hating 600 pages long . Like most Great American Novels , it 's about a boy . Dawes Williams , 8 years old in 1949 as the novel begins , talks like no 8-year-old you 'll ever meet . His language is foul and lyrical and polysyllabic . This is an early clue that author Dow Mossman does not particularly value realism . By the book 's end , the narrative is broken up into incredibly tedious passages from Dawes ' journals and long dialogues with doctors , girlfriends and alter egos . Stones tries very hard to be a literary book . Jonathan Swift , Hart Crane , Mark Twain , Herman Melville , William Shakespeare , Laurence Sterne , Jack Kerouac , Ernest Hemingway and Walt Whitman are all influences , and our hero Dawes is often reading one or another of these writers . Note the absence of any women from the list . At one point , Dawes samples Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice '' but throws it into the sea in disgust . Mossman 's female characters - all peripheral - are either Beautiful Morons or Beautiful -LCB- women -RCB- . Older women are boringly conventional , except for Dawes ' wise , mystical neighbor Abigail . Who needs more dated misogyny ?
 -LCB- Give them an infinite number of typewriters and an infinite amount of time and eventually they 'll produce the complete works of Shakespeare ... -RCB- This ai n't Shakespeare , but then again you would n't have to wait as long for it . The author could probably write some powerful poetry -LRB- I found some of the metaphorical images absolutely stunning -RRB- but the rare glimpse of brilliance in this almost random jumble of text only makes the lack of coherence even more frustrating . Unless you have an infinite amount of time to read an infinite number of books , avoid this one . On a scale of 1-5 , it gets one banana .
 Okay ... I have not been able to finish this book . Some of the author 's choices of words are somewhat suspect . In the very first paragraph , he claims that `` the conversations inside the car were like great wood eyes '' . How in the sweet Spanish Jesus can a conversation be like a great wood eye ? This edition should come with a sheet of LSD , then maybe I could begin to grasp some of the concepts . The only reason I have n't given it one star is because I have n't finished it . Ever hopeful am I. . . My hope is like a great wall of onyx-like chess pieces . Oh God , it 's contagious !
 Huh ? Is somebody playing a bad joke ? If anybody takes more than a sip from this barrel of hogwash , I 'd like to know about it . Just the first paragraph knocked me into brain-dead numbness . I repeat , go ahead and see if you can stay awake ...
 Bought this book for a very long plane flight , excited to discover what prompted the comment placed prominently on the cover that it `` burns with a byzantine fire '' . After a struggle of over ten months I finally finished the sprawling and increasingly incoherent story and must admit I 'm mystified . Entire paragraphs were completely incomprehensible , with mixed metaphors and comparisons meant to paint a portrait of images and feelings that left me without even a murky idea of what was intended by them . Certainly not worth the time to read , or the $ 14 I paid for it -LRB- which , frankly , is the only reason I felt compelled to finish it -RRB- . I dislike saying anything so negative , but I 'd like to save someone else the pain of feeling invested in finishing over 500 pages of this mess .
 I think the review from `` island girl '' in Concord , MA says it all . Mossman is an INCREDIBLY bad writer . If a book quickly goes out of print and is never heard from again , there 's probably a REASON ! I disliked his writing style so much I could n't get past page 10 . What a bizarre disappointment after that terrific movie ! For heaven 's sake , do n't buy this book -- try to get it from the library and see if you can stand even 20 pages !
 Applying the axiom that `` brevity is the soul of wit , '' this tome is the essence of inanity . Plodding , antediluvian prose and stultefying characters make slogging through this work a mind-numbing , pointless task . If you want a coming-of-age book , go read McCullers ' `` A Member of the Wedding '' or `` Paper Moon '' by Joe David Brown . However , if you 're an insomniac , a couple of pages is all it will take .
 There is no doubt why this book disappeared after its first printing 25 years ago , it is terrible . It is boring , its characters do n't make sense and the story is hopeless . Why anyone would recommend this book is well beyond my comprehension .
 when i was in graduate school , we had two phrases for this genre of `` experimental '' american novel
 I could n't finish this book . I could barely start it . I was not at all interested in the story -LRB- or lack of -RRB- and there was a lot of the stream of consciousness business that I just HATE . I was incredibly disappointed as I loved the movie `` The Stone Reader '' and was really really excited to read the book . I ca n't imagine what came over that film maker . -LRB- Maybe he read a different book ?! -RRB- I 'll be giving this one to Goodwill before I am overcome with some weird notion that I should make another attempt at reading this book .
 The admirers of this book form a cult , as I think even they would admit . Like any other cult , they hold certain beliefs that make perfect sense to them , yet strike the uninitiated as , shall we say , nuts . The author , Dow Mossman , was once asked why the protangonist was missing his hair and several other useful things . Mr. Mossman replied , `` Because everything is lost . '' If this strikes you as a pearl of Zarathustrian wisdom , I suppose these 560 pages of `` oceanic '' prose , ebbing and flowing away with a charmingly disregard for such stodgy concerns as structure and narrative momentum , just might be your meat . If it seems instead the self-caressing delusion of a profoundly third-rate word-spiller , you might want to pass by the brightly-clad strangers shaking their tambourines in your face and make your way to a church with a more substantial following .
 Like others who saw the film Stone Reader , I was dying to get my hands on this book . Before I was halfway through , I was dying for it to be over . The Stones of Summer is the ur-Great American Novel , a sprawling , woman hating 600 pages long . Like most Great American Novels , it 's about a boy . Dawes Williams , 8 years old in 1949 as the novel begins , talks like no 8-year-old you 'll ever meet . His language is foul and lyrical and polysyllabic . This is an early clue that author Dow Mossman does not particularly value realism . By the book 's end , the narrative is broken up into incredibly tedious passages from Dawes ' journals and long dialogues with doctors , girlfriends and alter egos . Stones tries very hard to be a literary book . Jonathan Swift , Hart Crane , Mark Twain , Herman Melville , William Shakespeare , Laurence Sterne , Jack Kerouac , Ernest Hemingway and Walt Whitman are all influences , and our hero Dawes is often reading one or another of these writers . Note the absence of any women from the list . At one point , Dawes samples Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice '' but throws it into the sea in disgust . Mossman 's female characters - all peripheral - are either Beautiful Morons or Beautiful Ladies of the Night . Older women are boringly conventional , except for Dawes ' wise , mystical neighbor Abigail . Who needs more dated misogyny ?
 There is no shortage of novels like this , usually on bookshelves fewer weeks than yoghurt in grocery stores before they 're shifted to remainder tables . These babies are immensely long , mind numbing and suck the reader into a vortex of verbige . `` Miss MacIntosh , My Darling , '' which came out a few years earlier than `` Stones , '' comes to mind . `` Runaway Soul , '' `` The Tunnel , '' `` Harlot 's Ghost . '' Books that are best skimmed because life 's just too short to read every self indulgent sentence.You pick up `` Stones '' and start to read ... and read ... and read . . and then you realize you 're only on page 15 . You calculate `` Hmmm ... this is going to take awhile . '' Then you think , `` Well , there must be more to it . . '' And indeed , some of the language is quite magical , guardedly compensating for an absence of plot and non-existent character development.And so I finally ground to a halt on page 504 , convinced that the paper following page 505 was now weighing in at about 20 lbs a sheet . I felt like a character out of Beckett `` I ca n't go on . . I must go on . . I ca n't . '' And so I did n't . All in all , Mossman and his editors should have followed Fred Astaire 's rule -LRB- applicable to both vaudeville and novels , and paraphrased -RRB-
 Barnes and Nobles is perpetrating the greatest literary hoax in years and all at the expense of a very ordinary novel that should have stayed forgotten . I tried to cut through the thicket of verbiage , but the writing was so self-indulgent and adolescent that I stopped at page 75 . Previous reviewers were on target about this book 's mean , anti-woman slant . All the women are hideous caricatures
 The Stones of Summer was first published in 1972 and garnered some remarkably favorable reviews in the New York Times , the Washington Post and elsewhere . It failed to find favor in the literary marketplace , however , and was soon out of print.Enter filmmaker Mark Moskowitz , who had been impressed by the review in the Times and bought the book when it came out , but did n't read it until years later . Whereupon he concluded it was a masterpiece and wondered what had happened to the author.His search for Mossman 's whereabouts is the subject of The Stone Reader . The film inspired Steve Riggio , CEO of Barnes & Noble , to buy one of the copies of the book still available and republish it under Barnes & Noble 's imprint.Obviously , some people think this book is great . The Times reviewer , John Seelye , is evidently fond of jazzy verbal riffs unencumbered by common logic . In the introduction he has written for this new edition of Stones , he extols the virtues of '' ` galactical ' reviews , which -LSB- surround -RSB- the book in question with digressively spiraling nebulae . '' Heavens.Nothing wrong with stylistic innovation . But it should illuminate , not obfuscate . I found Mossman 's particular stylistic high jinks irritating and distracting . When I finally managed to keep the language from getting in my way , I realized that the story and characters hardly rubbed elbows with reality . Arthur and his wife arguing in the farmhouse kitchen sound like the Ralph Kramdens on crack.OK . Maybe Mossman never intended to provide a realistic portrayal of life in Iowa . But neither does he provide a plausible substitute . His novel is set in his own private Iowa . Definitely not a pleasant state .
 As a book critic for a metropolitan newspaper , I have been reading Amazon.Com reader reviews of Stones of Summer with great interest . My purpose in entering the fray is not to critique the novel -LRB- which I found pretentious , unfocused and quite deadly -RRB- but to express my outrage at its publisher for planting fake reviews in this section . By comparing many of the favorable reviews listed below to the promotional literature that accompanies the book galleys , I have determined that at least four of these `` reviews '' -LRB- specifically ones from Los Angeles , Columbus and Philadelphia -RRB- contained lines lifted directly from the publicity sheets . The most glaring example is a review from a `` Bob Shanker '' in New York . An entire paragraph of his review is taken word for word from press materials I received in the mail . From my years in the publishing industry I believe that an `` interested party '' was so distressed by this book 's bad word of mouth that Amazon.Com was bombarded with phony rave reviews to offset the bad ones . Rarely have I seen anything so utterly cynical !
 Like others who saw the film Stone Reader , I was dying to get my hands on this book . Before I was halfway through , I was dying for it to be over . The Stones of Summer is the ur-Great American Novel , a sprawling , woman hating 600 pages long . Like most Great American Novels and Steven Gillis ' recent `` Walter Falls '' , it 's about a boy . Dawes Williams , 8 years old in 1949 as the novel begins , talks like no 8-year-old you 'll ever meet . His language is foul and lyrical and polysyllabic . This is an early clue that author Dow Mossman does not particularly value realism . By the book 's end , the narrative is broken up into incredibly tedious passages from Dawes ' journals and long dialogues with doctors , girlfriends and alter egos . Stones tries very hard to be a literary book . Jonathan Swift , Hart Crane , Mark Twain , Herman Melville , William Shakespeare , Laurence Sterne , Jack Kerouac , Ernest Hemingway and Walt Whitman are all influences , and our hero Dawes is often reading one or another of these writers . Note the absence of any women from the list . At one point , Dawes samples Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice '' but throws it into the sea in disgust . Mossman 's female characters - all peripheral - are either Beautiful Morons or Beautiful women . Older women are boringly conventional , except for Dawes ' wise , mystical neighbor Abigail . Who needs more dated misogyny ?
 I too expected big things out of this book after seeing the movie Stoned Reader . But the book never lived up to the hype . It was quit dull , actually and about 400 page too long
 I read this novel after watching the documentary Stone Reader and was terribly disappointed . Stones of Summer is a mudhouse of verbiage that collapses under its own pretentious weight . By the end of the book I felt sorry for the poor author , Dow Mossman.A note on the documentary : I originally gave Stone Reader a positive review on amazon.com despite reservations about the director 's dubious ` search ' for Mossman and his annoying attempts to upstage the publishing people he interviews . What changed my mind was a recent newspaper story about how he sent our thousands of e-mails begging others to leave favorable reviews at amazon.com , even if they had never seen the movie . Trickery of this sort lowers my opinion of both the director and his film . Neither is worthy of our consideration .
 I 've been a book-buyer all my life ; this is the only book I 've ever returned for store credit .
 The good news is that Stones of Summer is not the worst book ever written . The bad news is that it is not very good . It is the graduate thesis of a Creative Writing student at a Midwestern college . The pity is that the student is not as promising as we have been led to believe . Whoever compared Stones to Stop-Time has obviously not read Frank Conroy 's memoir very closely . Stop-Time was understated and lyrical . This bag of showoffy tricks is overstated and hamfisted . In the end , it is not worth our time .
 I 'm one of those readers who bought into all the hype about this book . I plodded through the first 70 pages reading and rereading the pretentious stonecold 60s prose until like it almost made sense to me daddyo . You need to take magic mushrooms to grasp the pseudo profundities of this novel . Unfortunately I do n't have any handy . The book is really maddening . It has no structure and no point other than the writer eventually goes nuts , probably because he 's tried to rereard the novel himself and realized the hopelessness of it all . Stones of Summer is a big mud wallow of words that you can easy suffocate in . I feel I have been totally suckered by the hooptedoo surrounding this so called great lost masterpiece . No wonder Entertainment Weekly gave it a D -
 This dense coming-of-age story follows Dawes Oldham Williams , a sensitive 8-year-old in 1950s Iowa who becomes a disillusioned adult in Mexico struggling to maintain his sanity . In 581 impenetrable pages , there 's no shortage of lyrical exposition or monotonous pretension .
 With ` Stones of Summer ' already consigned to the remaindered bins , I would like to agree with the previous reviewer . ` Stones ' is not terrible , it is just not very good . What I find inexcusable though is the fact that most if not all the favorable reviews posted in this forum were planted by the publisher . Ca n't we readers be trusted to form our own opinions ?
 After finishing a book , I like to read Amazon reviews to see what others thought about it . Sometimes when in the middle of book where an author has lost me , I do the same thing . I made it 26 pages of this 500 or so page book before checking in . I have to agree with the negative reviews . Even positive reviews mention finding the main character repulsive , so I feel page 26 was a good place to stop . I still feel that Dawes has a chance , and can carry that feeling with me as I start a new book.I would have to recommend to other readers to give the book a try at a book store before spending money on it . If you are not put off by the heavy handed style you may like it . My guess though is that you will not . I 'm too old to push through something that is supposedly brilliant that my senses tell me is not . Especially a book so long . So if you are reading this and wondering if you should stop where you are in the book , my advice is to go with your gut and stop . And have a good day .
 STONES OF SUMMER IS A REAL HOOT AND I DO N'T THINK ITS MEANT TO BE . THIS BOOK HAS SOME OF THE WORST PROSE IN THE HISTORY OF LITERATURE . MY PERSONAL TOP 5 SUMMER STONERS :1 . HER BODY WAS AN INWARD FALL , A DEEP SPIRAL OF MUSKY SEAL LYING EASILY WITHIN ITSELF .2 . THE LURE OF IMAGINARY TOTALITY IS MOMENTARILY FROZEN BEFORE THE DIALECTIC OF DESIRE HASTENS ON WITHIN SYMBOLIC CHAINS .3 . SINCE THOUGHT IS SEEN TO BE RHIZOMATIC RATHER THAN ARBOREAL , THE MOVEMENT OF DIFFERENTIATION AND BECOMING IS ALREADY IMBUED WITH ITS OWN POSITIVE TRAJECTORY .4 . IT IS THE MOMENT OF NON-CONSTRUCTION , DISCLOSING THE ABSENTATION OF ACTUALITY FROM THE CONCEPT IN PART THROUGH ITS INVITATION TO EMPHASIZE , IN READING , THE HELPLESSNESS , RATHER THAN THE WILL , OF ITS FALL INTO CONCEPTUALITY .5 . DAWES STRODE THROUGH THE DARK NIGHT , HIS WAY LIT BY TWINKLING STARS AS IF THE GODS AT SOME CELESTIAL CONCERT WERE ALL FLICKING THEIR LIGHTERS AT THE SAME TIME IN APPRECIATION OF THE DRUM SOLO-LIKE BEAT OF HIS BOOT HEELS AGAINST THE PAVEMENT , OCCASIONALLY ACCOMPANIED BY THE STEEL-BRUSH-ON-A-CYMBAL SOUND OF A SPLASH AS HE KICKED THROUGH A PUDDLE , THE PLIP-PLOP OF WATER DRIPPING FROM LEAVES LIKE SOMEONE PLAYING STACCATO ON A TWO-NOTE PIANO GONE FLAT , AND THE WIND BLOWING A BLUESY TISSUE-PAPER-ON-COMB HARMONICA THROUGH THE TREES .
 This book had the build-up of THE STONE READER documentary . The film was quite good and left many a viewer waiting for THE STONES OF SUMMER to be released by B&N ; Books . What a joke . I honestly have to question the motives of the filmmaker and the publishing house as they set out to build the book into a modern day `` publishing miracle . '' They definitely succeeded in bringing this `` literary masterpiece '' back to print . Unfortunately.THE STONES OF SUMMER re-defines the term , `` gratuitous '' when used to label an over-the-top piece of art in sexual content , violence , or profanity . Oh , the profanity . I am no prude , far from it , but this book uses the * harshest * of words on nearly EVERY PAGE of this 568 page tome . It is completely ridiculous , and why John Seelye of the NYT wrote this was a `` classic '' back in 1972 , I 'll never know . The book was a flop - despite his review . Now , it 's been re-issued after the successful award-winning run of the `` Stone Reader '' documentary , and I hope , for the sake of TRULY great writing that never made it to print - that it flops again . A bitter disappointment . A horrible book .
 I too was caught in the web of hype that surrounding this lost work . Since I started this book back in November , I have suffered through it while hoping for some thread of a story with some thread of something interesting . Instead it is just one incoherant scene after another . At around halfway through , I had to bail out as it seemed to get worse.My advice is `` Do n't waste your time with this ! '' It was lost for a reason .
 I saw a documentary on Stones of Summer in Boston and was eager to see if the novel really lived up to the hype . The answer is NO ! This book is slooooooooow and in love with itself and needs some real serious editing . It picked up a little after the first 100 extremely dull pages , but not enough to get me thru the next 500 !
 The book is unbelievable as in NOT believable . No way is it reality to beleive eight-year-old boys in Iowa , in early 1950s , would know , much less use such language .
 I have n't been this entertained reading AMAZON reviews in awhile so I too tried to read it but was stopped cold by too many diverting descriptions starting with the word `` like ... '' This is amateurish so-called `` writing '' that , thank the Lord , the author failed to follow up with another to compare with it . I only hope that those who gave it 5 stars are n't compelled to try their hand at authorship -- only the negative reviews were worth reading ... A BIG WASTE OF PRECIOUS TIME -LRB- try reading Proust for a big fat chunk of your life and you might appreciate a well-written doorstop -RRB- . Oh , and the 2 stars are for the growing body of amusing reviews , not for the useless book !
 I ca n't remember a book I had looked forward to more than Stones of Summer . Nor can I remember a bigger disappointment . The novel reads is a dated , ungodly mess that never justifies its excessive length . I dare anyone to read all the way to the end .
 Caught the programme on this book on BBC4 in Dalkey , sentimental rubbish , to be sure . Director / narrator , a speed reader , acted as if books are personal trophies . Most of us rush along while we read , eager to turn the page , conditioned to move in life as relentlessly as factory workers with a drone ethic . But the best readers are not stone readers . The best readers are the slowest . Speed reading , an American invention , turns out to be skimming , which is not reading at all . The book turns out to be unreadable rubbish . I give it two * s because it makes a great doorstop .
 When I found this book in the book store and read the cover it sounded like a very good read . After looking over some of the pages I was a bit taken aback by some of the prose but thought it would turn out to be a good read . I was wrong.You have to love this book to finish it . I struggled through several tedious pages trying to figure out what the heck Mossman was trying to say , finally giving up and putting it away.The characters were n't very well explained and the conversations they have are just plain boring . Mossman 's descriptive style reminded this reader of the hippy-speak of the sixties . It did n't make sense then and it does n't make any now .
 Before I begin , let me dispel two misconceptions I 've spotted in previous reviews of this book .1 . Stones of Summer is in the tradition of James Joyce and Thomas Pynchon.I suppose if you took Stones of Summer , Ulysses , and Gravity 's Rainbow , then flipped through all three very quickly while reading snippets here and there , you 'd mistakenly detect cosmetic similarities . These are illusions . While the latter two masterworks are meticulously structured -LRB- check the annotations if you do n't believe me -RRB- , Summer has no structure at all . Rather , it is three short stories ' worth of material padded out to 580 pages by a prose style that desperately aspires -LRB- and fails -RRB- to capture the music of Joyce 's and Pynchon 's symphonic wordplay . From the forced opening similes to the monotonous recurring imagery of stones , blood , moons , and falling timbers , reading Mossman is like listening to an orchestra rumble franticly through the notes of the lower register , only occasionally daring to attempt a high note or a chord change .2 . Dow Mossman was ahead of his time.No , Mossman was all too depressingly OF his time , and is now very much behind the times . The book 's third section especially exemplifies the self-indulgent noodling that was the fashion in postmodern literature of the late 60 's / early 70 's , when this book was written . In light of the literary shifts of the last thirty years , Stones of Summer will seem downright quaint to most readers.As for the book itself , it is packed with grad student indulgences from the get-go . The first section , for example , covers Dawes Williams ' summers spent on his grandfather 's farm . The chapters are rife with half-hearted Faulknerian pretensions , from Dawes 's gnarled family history to the deranged chicken lady 's American Gothic lifestyle . Along the way , Mossman consistently confuses repetitive verbal tics -LRB- Atttttts Dawes , Suure , Aw Criminy , etc. -RRB- with colorful characterization . Then there 's precious little Ronnie Crown , an evil vindictive delinquent who 'd destroy you for even the smallest slight and speaks in the dadaist swearing jags of an 80 's action movie . The only reason you put up with it all is the hope that it will improve.It does n't . By the time Dawes ' adolescence rolls around , Mossman has abandoned the Faulknerisms in favor of bad Kerouac . Section Two feels like a long , hot drive across Iowa trapped in a car full of drunken imbeciles . Even worse , the author stacks the deck in their favor by giving the parents and authority figures less presence than those off-screen muted trumpets in a Peanuts cartoon . He also , in the manner of certain Adam Sandler comedies , tries to pass his moronic protagonists off as clever by making every victim of their cruel pranks stupider than they are . It 's unfortunately short-sighted that Mossman never delves into the latent homoerotic nature of their friendship . When they humiliate an ugly girl in front of her parents , you wish she 'd just step up and echo the heroine of Y Tu Mama Tambien , `` All you do is talk talk talk about sex when all you really want to do is **** each other ! '' But of course , nobody is allowed to behave with any wit or intelligence , and so the boys get plastered every chapter , fight , and destroy property without a single person trying to impede them . SPOILER ALERT
 LITERARY FAILURE IN EVERY SENSE ? SO WHAT?My opinion is the same for Melville , Hawthorne and James . Many share my opinion and express relief when they find a fellow unbeliever in these icons ; they are happy to at last be allowed to say in public , and above a whisper , the `` no no '' that all of those writers are dull dull dull . Masterpeice Theatre rescued James , and could probably manage with those mentioned above , and may have for all I know , but I defy anyone to make something worthwhile of STONES OF SUMMER with unrealistic characters -LRB- kids of eight sounding twenty eight - c'mon - this is suspension of belief to the max . And when they get to be eighteen they sound eight . -RRB- There is simply no door in this thing to some worthwhile place . A total downer . One wonders why it ever found a publisher , but then one wonders why it takes so long for some stunning books to find one , and that some do n't find one at all during the writers ' lifetime and we may well conclude that some never do . Perhaps the most worthwhile book ever written has never seen print and never will . Publishing is a crap shoot at best . Save your money.I am not happy with writers who would conduct a cavarly charge at a walk , send their attorneys down to the OK Corral to negotiate instead of going themselves , ride merrygorounds instead of real horses , and would have made Sherman 's March to the Sea look like a retreat .
 Into the gobbledeegook go slipper the whipper and the trimtrammaduhdeedo , believing the glubbledubble spewed forth by a madman . What do you think , am I a genius or what ? Just send me thirty bucks and I 'll send you the next 670 pages.Here are three words for Dow Mossman that he should have tried to make sense of
 This book is a step-by-step , by detailed step , often incoherent , crawl to creating very basic business collateral . `` Draw a graphic frame to fit the upper left corner of your text box , just below the headline , to fit the first column with the following coordinates x
 If you are a graphic designer or graphic design instructor or student PASS THIS ONE UP . There is no basis in design or typography mechanics here whatsoever ; it is full of errors and you will have no idea why you are doing anything . Trainers should not be writing books that are considered advanced level design topics . Designers should . Go look up author RYDBERG .
 I have worked though many how to books , and have one pet peeve , missing steps or something left out , well this book is loaded with them , on the one hand it is so detailed , and then you are going along and something is done and not mentioned . I also found typos and errors that also added to the confusion . If I did not have a grasp on InDesign , I would not have been able to complete the exercises as shown , at times , I was digging into the screen shots to figure out what step was missed and there were a lot . As others mentioned this is not a book for people who work with Indesign in the prepress , it is for desk top publishers .
 This book would only suit a desktop publisher rather than a Prepress or Graphic Designer , I found it failing in the concept of Type and general overall usage .
 Some action more of a chick book but for free it gave me something to do . boring love story yup
 I canceled two book orders when it said I had to pay for them one was incident at muddy creek anr the other was the last trail I never resd them althought one of the went to page 18 when I touched something on my new kindle this is the only way I could get your attention
 The plot of this story is simple . A Virginian and his beautiful daughter come to the western frontier of Ft. Henry , in modern West Virginia , where she falls in love with the gallant borderman Jonathan Zane . The bordermen , like their Texas Ranger counterparts , make a living by killing Indians , chasing outlaws , and acting as the only arm of the law.Beautiful Helen is kidnapped by outlaws and Indians , then rescued by her flinty borderman , who , in the interim , has fallen hopelessly in love with her . After killing all the outlaws and the bad Indians , Jonathan forsakes his wild ways and settles down to respectable life as a farmer and father . Lots of 19th Century values are bandied about , the general superiority of white America is proven in word and deed , and the lawless frontier is beaten back to the wilds of Ohio . Residents of Cincinatti may feel at times that that 's where it stayed.Grey 's prose is outdated but easily read . Where he shines is in his descriptions of nature . He has a good eye for natural beauty and a gift for relating it . I bought this as part of a .99 cent Kindle 18-pack , so it was definitely worth the time and the expense .
 I have never ordered this book and I have never received this book so how am I supposed to rate it ?
 This is a very average book of poems -- little to excite or delight . The poem about the last Castrato reminded me of that film Faranelli -- a good film , an okay poem . The dog and wolf stuff reminded me of James Dickey 's famous poem about the stage between dog and wolf . The language in these poems is neither dazzling nor surprising , but one can sense that the poet is dedicated to the cause of poetry . The imitations function well as tributes , if not as full-developed poems.I do wonder why the reviewer below would waste fifteen minutes writing a review of someone else 's review . That to me seems ridiculous . The poet does n't need anyone to defend her work . Any new book of poetry is a good thing . This book is fairly inoffensive if not unremarkable . I would think the poet would be delighted that people are reading her book and have any response to it at all . I wonder what will come next for this poet after she have moved beyond the `` Cusp . ''
 -LRB- Reading these other reviews , it occurs to me that `` workshop poetry '' is taken as a bad thing . When someone thinks the poetry is original , they write that it is `` not workshop '' , when they think it stinks , it `` reeks of workshop '' . Both have been used to described `` Cusp '' . It 's interesting how much the definition of what a `` workshop poem '' is varies ... -RRB- I would n't use the word `` workshopped '' to describe this first book because it would imply that I believe these poems were actually submitted to other people , including a seasoned and discriminating instructor , for review . I understand that at one point , sometime in her young life , Ms. Grotz was a student in the MFA program at Indiana University . I have to wonder if maybe these poems were the ones she kept taped up in a shoebox during that time , afraid to submit them lest anyone criticize them and question their sentimentality . That 's what I get when I read these poems
 Over the past few years , I 've come to really respect the decisions of judges for the Bread Loaf Writer 's Coference 's Bakeless Poetry Prize , usually awarded to gutsy and original first collections -- the vitality and urgency in the poems of previous winners like Sam Witt , Malinda Markham , and Mary Jo Bang helped reaffirm my previously lagging faith in the kinetic energy and forward motion of contemporary American poetry.Naturally , I had been looking forward to reading CUSP -- selected for the Bakeless by Yusef Komunyakaa , one of my all-time favorite poets . Well ... where I 'm from we always try to say something nice . The book has a beautiful cover . The poem by Bonnefoy , a good French poet , that Ms. Grotz uses for her epigraph , is beautiful and made me want to read more Bonnefoy instead of continuing on with the book in my lap . A couple of the poems in CUSP are decent -- the poem `` Cusp '' 's not bad , though rather slight . And it 's hard to deny the lyricism of `` Self-Portrait as a Drowned Man , '' and the beautiful crescendo at the ending of `` The Waves , '' both of which poems feel like they were written by a different poet , sommebody willing to refrain from posturing and let her guard down a bit , somebody with an innate respect for language , an ear for music , and an eye for imagery and narrative detail . I do n't know why Mr. Komunyakaa chose this book.Some of Grotz 's blurbers seem similarly stumped and blurt out nonsense about the collection
 Honestly , a very disappointing book.The promotional material on the back cover claims the collection `` explores the peculiar territory of middleness -- neither dark nor light , not quite familiar but not fully unknown . '' I would relabel this territory mediocrity , unfortunately an all-too common phenomenon in the increasingly conservative contemporary environment of feel-good poetry workshops where originality , risk , honesty , and daring are viewed as dangerous and suspect ; many first books appear before the would-be writer has had the opportunity to realize that sycophantic imitation of one 's mentors is n't art but merely an essential first step in a beginner 's path to discover a voice.These poems strike me as the worst kind of workshop poetry -- slavishly imitative and derivative , afraid to push the boundaries of subject matter and language , overeager to resort to the crutches of preciousness , pretentiousness , and affected folksiness . This is a writer who tries very hard to impress and please , but all the reader feels are the contortions of Grotz 's repeated failed efforts . Occasionally , the poems seem to genuinely be on the `` cusp '' of getting somewhere , but even the better ones are , at best , forgettable and inoffensive . This is a writer who has yet to master the most basic eloquence of expression.There are four types of poems here , as an earlier reviewer has correctly intimated
 WOWZA ! At least the cover is pretty , the margins are even , and none of the pages appear to be missing ... I agree with an earlier reviewer that first book writers should generally be cut some slack . However , in this case , the poems in this first collection are so sensationally sloppy , pretentious , conceited , and over-the-top sentimental that prospective readers should be forewarned.I do n't know the extent to which Ms. Grotz is connected either with Bread Loaf or the Bakeless judges , If she is a Bread Loaf employee , as a previous reviewer alleges , shame on her -- she might as well be publishing with a vanity press ; as far as her knowing the judge , surprise , surprise -- that 's the current poetry publishing world in a nutshell . However , nepotism has n't precluded several outstanding first collections from being published every year . I 'm stunned that any judge would select this collection , whether or not they were personally acquainted with its author . It 's a disservice to a young writer to cast their book into the open seas before it 's anywhere near ready.Grotz , time and again , on the most basic level , makes the same mistakes my undergraduate -LRB- and , sadly , some of my graduate -RRB- creative writing students make in their rough drafts . There are occasional saving graces -- this certainly is n't the poetry of Jewel or Jimmy Stewart , but of someone who has tried to read and write seriously for at least a few years -- still , one does n't have the same expectations from Jewel or Stewart that one does from a Bakeless-prize winning Houghton Mifflin collection blurbed by some of the more acclaimed poets of our time.Reading Cusp , I felt I was reading a series of rough drafts by a writer who does n't seem to have any regard for her readers . This book , frankly , gave me a migraine -- you see glimmers of talent here and there , but almost every poem manages to self-destruct or , at best , stumble drunkenly for a few lines , so much so that I could n't help but feel pity for the clearly ambitious poet 's no-doubt well-intentioned exertions and contortions . I do n't mean to come off as vicious , but it would be irresponsible of me not to be honest in my assessment . On the other hand , give this writer a few years . Many poets want nothing to do with their first book after they write a second and a third . Grotz is a writer-in-progress . With luck , whoever her trusted readers are will be honest and unsparing in their criticism and she 'll learn to avoid the beginner 's pitfalls that mar this ultimately forgettable collection .
 This is truly one of the worst books of poems I have read this year . With the exception of a handful of poems , this book was not ready for publication much less to win the Bakeless Prize . The faux intelligence , the vapid imitations , the lifeless and lackluster lines
 I just could n't get into this . I did only read one page however , and skimmed through a few more . So I ca n't really recommend it . However , it might be a good read for those who are very interested in the history & origins of tea . Jenn
 Did n't care for the book . It was very dry and hard to &#34; get into &#34; . Would n't waste the money on the book .
 Having read a few of his novels I was looking forward to another of his stories about different generations in Japan . Instead I found a detailed and tedious history of tea . I gave up after a couple of hours .
 Kakuzo Okakura would turn over in his grave if he saw the ridiculous treatment his fine essay has been given . Tuttle 's previous restrained and decorous editions fit with the content . This new edition is a travesty . Shame on Tuttle -LRB- the publisher -RRB- and their hired help for this marketing folly .
 Short treatise on the value of appreciating the simple things in life . The problem here is that the vocabulary used here is beyond many readers . While that is fine when such words are required to convey meaning , here they seem to be used just for the sake of using them . They get in the way and obstruct the reading and meaning unnecessarily.The book also presents appreciation of small things as being superior to appreciating other things yet the argument is not backed up with any rationale . For that I find this book to be a bit shallow . I think there are other books on eastern philosophy that would serve the reader better .
 I have no idea what this is , I did n't order it and I did n't get it , , maybe I better see if I got charged for it lol
 This was not an easy book to read , in fact I could n't get into it so I did n't finish it . I thought it was going to be about tea ceremonies in Japan or China but was not that at all . Maybe it 's because of my age -LRB- 72 -RRB- but I like light , uplifting reading in world of violence and mind-numbing sci-fi which I do n't like at all . I like a book that has innocence in it that is so hard to find these days .
 It did not match the title . I am a Tea lover and assumed the book is more on Tea comparison
 Someone with too much time on their hands and not enough English ability did a hack job of translating this book . They tried to come off as educated , but just looked pedantic . I can only imagine they used 5 thesauruses and added every version of a word they could find . Instead of making it look sophisticated , the entire work is an insipid waste of time .
 I guess I was looking for something else when I ordered this . It is very mundane and dark . Am open to most things but this is a little over the top . Sorry , but I just did n't like it .
 With all of my love to Japanese literature , I cant say I enjoyed this one . Extremely difficult to read . But if you are up for a challenge , go ahead . I have read many Japanese authors and this one one just doesnt seem to have a natural flow I 'm so used to . Maybe , it is just a transation
 Just was not what I expected so I did not enjoy . A difficult read for me . I thought the title is intriguing .
 Did n't really interest me enough to read mire than first couple of pages . Probably would n't buy again . To others though this could be their book .
 This book was nothing like what I expected , but I read it to the end just out of sheer stubbornness.I expected more of a history and evolution of the tea product but the book was all about the -LSB- highly opinionated -RSB- mentality , mysticism and ritual surrounding the use of tea through history.If this is what you 're looking for , go for it.If you are looking for more information regarding the tea plant , you 'll be better served looking elsewhere .
 I found this book so boring I ca n't believe anyone would write about such a BORING subject and I love tea ! DISCARD !
 Though Time on the Cross takes on a new approach to the subject of slavery , the authors ' research is horrid . It is as though they made up their minds what they were going to find and then made sure their research -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- fit their thesis . Much of there data is inaccurate or irrelevant , such as tables that compare the occupation distribution of antebellum slaves to that of all males in 1870 to show that slaves held fewer laboring jobs -LRB- as opposed to artisan or managerial positions -RRB- . 1870 is after the industrial revolution begins to take place so there are obviously more laborers than skilled workers . The book is filled with these inaccurate interpretations of data and some claims that are completely unfounded . `` Reckoning with Slavery '' by David , Gutman , Sutch , Temin , Wright and Stampp is a good book to read along with Time on The Cross , to see the many errors which the authors find in Fogel and Engerman 's `` masterpiece '' . This book is good in that it teaches readers to be objective and understand that statistics can be bent to support what an author wants to prove .
 Warning
 Fogel and Engerman 's `` Time on the Cross '' was used in one of my junior history classes . The professor had us read it , write a paper on it and then , after we handed in our papers , demolished the book in class . He assigned it entirely as an example of sloppy historical research and how something well written can be convincing even if its based on deeply flawed information.Quite often Fogel and Engerman rely on a singal , somewhat questionable , example to support a sweeping generalization of the entire institution of slavery . Much of their work rests on a single source which they use time and time again to prop up a badly construted hypothesis . When this is coupled with a devotion to the idea of man as a rational economic actor you have something that is almost an apologia for the entire practice of slavery.My suggestion is to read this book and read it well . Use a critical eye when they present information and pay attention to their sources . Use this book as a tool to help you discover the many avenues of failure in writing history . Do not , I beg of you , use it as a guide to the truth because there is precious little in here .
 Time on the Cross is seriously flawed . While the intent behind it is honest , the outcome of this project is a gold mine for Confederate apologists . Fogel and Engerman systematically misrepresent the nature of slavery in the Old South.Their account lacks any conception of the nuances of life in the antebellum South . Their use of sources is highly selective
 This book is useful mostly as an example of how not to approach history . Fogel and Engerman used data based on slaveholders ' records to conclude that slaves were treated well in the old South . They counted , for example , the exact number of beatings that an average slave would experience in year and concluded that it was only a few , without considering the impact of witnessing beatings of one fellow slaves , many of whom were family members or close friends . They counted the calories consumed by slaves but ignored data like actual caloric expenditures of slaves -LRB- which rendered their intake barely sufficient -RRB- and infant mortality -LRB- very high -RRB- . This book serves mainly to reinforce one 's prejudices and should not be read without also looking at other works in the field .
 The reviews below present the findings of this book as unproblematic and uncontested . In fact , publication of this book in 74 caused a firestorm of debate and criticism . My title sums up the main thrust of the criticisms , for anyone especially interested see Herbert Gutman 's , `` The World Two Cliometricians Made '' , Journal of Negro History , Jan. 75 , for one of the most persuasive of the book 's critics .
 `` Time on the Cross '' is a very well written book . That is all it is ! It uses information from small spacific areas of the south and generalizes it for all of the south . Just because it happens in one area of the south does n't mean that it happens every where . People that read this book may think that they are getting a new look at the south but really they are getting a bunch of numbers that makes it look like the south was not that bad of a place . This book depicts people as rational people who always think things out . This book depicts the south as though the slaves were being treated well as far as eating , sleeping quarters , and medical care . This is a good book for showing how bad clieometrics can go wrong . I just hope people will not take this book to heart for if they do they will be very misinformed as to how the south was . Fogel and Engerman only use information from specific areas , such as New Orleans . They doe n't take into consideration about the human nature of people . This book , if not explaned in detail could do some harm to the view of the south . This book does use statistics very well but it does n't give the big pitcure . The only reason I would recomend this book is if someone wants to see a different way of writing or how data could creat different aproaches about historical events , good or bad .
 Initially , the notion that chattel servitude/slavery would not have died on its own is a fascinating concept . Very quickly , however , the reader discovers that Fogel is so deeply wrapped up in his ideas that he fails to properly paint the picture of a strong southern society in which slavery was a blessing to Southern Blacks . The interest subsides as his poorly written and disorganized book turns into page after page of confusion . WARNING -- DO NOT ATTEMPT TO READ THE SECOND PART OF THIS WORK WHICH IS A DETAILED EXPLANATION OF METHODS , DETAILS , AND ANALYSIS . UNLESS YOU ARE A MONSTER MATHEMATICIAN OR A PSYCHOPATH , THIS SECOND VOLUME WILL BE A WASTE OF GOOD TIME AND MONEY
 This book is offensive and you can tweak and make up numbers all you want . African-Americans have a strong tradition of passing on oral history to their children . We know the truth and our truth does not have to be validated by anyone . Further , de facto slavery continued well after the civil war through the use of Jim Crow , where black women were still forced to work like slaves and were sexually exploited . We know this because our grandmothers told us stories about being maids and nurses for white folks . We have an up close and personal view of white folks and your revisionist theories are not going to wipe these memories away . If you want evidence of exploitation , just look at our skin color . We did n't get so many mulattos and quadroons through artificial insemination . A lot of `` white folks '' are mixed and they do n't even know it . The ignorance in this country is simply astounding . One can only hope that this ignorance is not passed on to young children . I would assume that this author also believes that that the holocaust did n't exist ; the jewish survivors are just making up a bunch of stuff . I guess being in a gas chamber and providing slave labor was good for Germany 's economy , so hey that makes it o.k. , right ?
 The problems with this book are not about it being `` racist '' or `` apologist '' for slavery . They have to do with basic assumptions , logic , and methods of interpreting the data . Read Herbert Gutman ` sSlavery and the Numbers Game
 Although a ordered a book from this seller at a fairly low price , the seller failed to send the product on time AND failed to reply to my messages and cancellation request . Even if you have to spend 50 cents more for another book by another seller , I highly recommend doing so because this seller is unreliable .
 Seriously , these recipes are n't realistic . Where the heck am i going to get bison , quail , or bear meat in urban Ohio ? Most of the recipes are like that . Sorry no use for the average housewife .
 If John Q-Nobody were to submit this manuscript to a publisher today , I doubt that it would make it out of the slush pile . The best parts of the book were Steinbeck 's descriptions of flowers , rocks , hills and trees , which is n't saying much for the story .
 It 's sad to celebrate the 100th year of Steinbeck , and realize he wasnt that great of a writer . He is a story teller , but not a beautiful writer . East of Eden seems hurredly written , and I kept looking for a beautiful paragraph , a sentence that might make me read it several times . East of Eden was a real disappointment to me .
 One way to separate a great book from a book that falls far short is to think about whether the characters are realistic and fleshed out . Read War and Peace . Read Brothers Karamazov . Read Remembrance of Things Past . East of Eden has cardboard characters meant to display good and evil for you . I 'll give you an example , so you can see where I 'm coming from . It does n't convey my whole feeling that the characters are cardboard but it points you in the right direction . `` Abra came in with shining eyes and a red nose from the frosty wind , and she brought such pleasure that Lee giggled softly when he saw her . `` Do you mind being manipulated by an author 's cliches ? I do . The shining eyes of a good child , the red nose of a good child on a frosty morning , you can take your shining eyes and red nose and frosty wind and stick them , along with Lee 's delighted giggle.I do n't mean to condemn Steinbeck for that one paragraph , which an eighth grader could have written . I mean to bring out that paragraph as an illustration of an overall weakness in the writing . The characters represent good or evil , and they are annoying . All the characters who begin with A -LRB- Abra , Adam , Aron -RRB- represent Abel , and all the characters who begin with C -LRB- Cal , Cathy , Charles -RRB- represent Cain . Gee , duh , thank you , that 's heavy.It 's not that I enjoy trashing well thought of books . It 's something else . I resent that the great books are diminished when something like this is complimented . True quality deserves to be separated above stuff like this.Try this one on . One of the characters makes a lot of money in an investment , and ends up burning all the money he has made . Tell me something - how the hell is he going to raise enough money to pay taxes on that realized gain ? IRS wo n't care that he burned the money . They will be coming for their taxes . The author wanted his character to make that annoying , stupid sacrifice , burning lots of money . Well , if the character does n't care , neither do I. I hope IRS nails him good.I 'll tell you where Steinbeck really started to lose me . He played one of those stupid `` I know something you do n't know '' teases on us readers . He had one of the Trask brothers enlist in the army . We expected Cal to do it , but he threw us a clue that it was probably Aron . Then he left us there and changed the subject . Nyaa nyaa nyaa nyaa nyaa . Steinbeck knows which brother enlisted and we do n't , and he 's going to make us wait to find out . Is n't that great , brilliant writing . Dust off that old annoying trick . And the reason we do n't know is because he did n't tell us what happened in chronological order . He lets us know later that something happened earlier . So our ignorance is his fault , and he 's teasing us with it.Thank you , Clifton Fadiman , for not including this book in your Lifetime Reading Plan of the great books . East of Eden is more or less on the level of Sidney Sheldon . The Back Street Boys of literature .
 I generally love ordering bookd from Amazon however , this book arrived with a ripped cover . was not BRAND NEW , as advertised .
 Actually , I give this powerful book * itself * a four-1 / 2 star rating . I was captivated by the movie -LRB- starring James Dean and Raymond Massey -RRB- as a teenager , and quickly thereafter read the book , which is excellent.But -- and this is a big but , almost as big as the caboose of the media-savvy atipose-laden `` diva '' hawking this recycled volume -- for the Schlockmistress of all schlockmistresses , Oprah Winfrey , to appropriate this great literary classic and to debase it by affixing her name and its attendant bad taste is beyond the pale.To lump Steinbeck in with the mediocre subliterary pabulum and chick-lit fluff she usually shills for lowers the Nobel-prize winning author to the level of Frau Winfrey 's touchy-feely , brain-dead , trash-TV audience.What 's next ? `` Dr. Phil 's Great Books Series , '' featuring Carl Jung 's `` The Undiscovered Self '' as the premiere volume ??? Please , dear readers , buy * some other * edition , one that does n't insult the intelligence of readers who did n't need a cheesy gimmick like `` Oprah 's Book Club '' to get them to pick up a tome .
 This was one of the most boring books I have ever read . I felt no empathy for any of the characters and the long , tedious descriptions of the scene were enough to put me to sleep . I found the characters to be unmotivated and I was indifferent to the three families that are the focus of the book .
 When I was in middle school , I read Steinbeck voraciously . I cried at the end of Of Mice And Men to the point of total embarrasement . I blinked hard at The Pearl and wanted a Red Pony . Little did I know , that ten years later I would pick up East of Eden and discover -LRB- to my shock ! -RRB- that Steibeck , though a good story teller , was a terrible writer . Lord knows intelligent people will disagree with me on this one , but I found East of Eden to be trite , oversimplified , and downright silly at about every turn . I 'm sorry to say that my Steinbeck days are now officially behind me .
 `` East of Eden '' appeals to the unthinking reader like few so-called `` classics '' out there . The characters are either very , very bad or very , very good ; everyone talks portentiously ; readers are given to understand that Steinbeck means to teach us Important Lessons . But there 's really nothing to be learned from Steinbeck 's black-and-white world ; his novel has no connection to reality as we know it . `` East of Eden '' belongs in the `` must to avoid '' category ; do yourself a favor and , if you insist on having a basic understanding of this book , wait until your children are reading it in high school and get yourself the Cliff Notes . I promise you wo n't miss a thing .
 With this calamitous effort , John Steinbeck makes an effort to create an epic masterpiece . Unfortunately , his brushstrokes grow too large , and the panorama that results has too broad a scope . The book loses its focus in its ramblings , and , consequently , its significance . In the early pages you 'll meet some characters who are possibly the most irritating , two dimensional elements in any work of fiction since The Scarlet Letter . However , this does n't matter because Stienbeck will dump most of these characters in no time . Most of the characters live on farms except for the whores and the others . I personally do n't live on a farm and am feeling somewhat depressed about it . Now look at that last section -LRB- From In the early pages to depressed about it . -RRB- . It went absolutely nowhere . If you can find some way to stretch that little bit to the length of East of Eden then you 'll have your very own masterpiece .
 I was surprised that this book was written by Steinbeck . For high school , I had to read this book during the summer and I had to put it down in the first few chapters . It did n't seem real and Cathy -LRB- the main women character -RRB- is so cold and evil . It is a dark novel that will make you cringe and throw up-well that 's how I felt . The novel shows the worst in people through the characters .
 whats all the hype about this voluminous novel that says absolutely nothing . It was hard reading -- too many characters -- two many families-and - insignificant families , as well , to the plot . It was a waste of my precious time.Is it because it is Steinback 's work that this material got praised . No fair-the book was not worthy . The message was scanty if their even was a message or plot . The writing itself was not worth mentioning . An outstanding author he is not -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . No more Steinback for me .
 In spite of all the good reviews raving about this masterpiece , I do n't like it and I 'm not going to struggle with it anymore . If it does get interesting , I 'll never know as I 'm not going to continue . It was painful reading .
 Rarely have I encountered a review on Amazon that so completely describes me reaction to a book -LRB- or record -RRB- as JDPariser 's review of this alleged `` masterpiece '' . Quite simply , this is the single most over-rated novel in the canon of American literature . Let 's face it ; all of Steinbeck 's novels are actually pretty bad . It 's a miracle that he won any literary awards , let alone the Nobel Prize for Literature . The fact that Steinbeck 's work so easily lends itself to animation -LRB- see the Warner Bros. cartoons inspired by `` Of Mice and Men '' -RRB- , gives you a hint of the complexity of Steinbeck 's characterizations . Unfortunately , `` East of Eden '' lacks the excitement or interest to make a good cartoon . A must to avoid .
 Why is this a bad choice for anyone looking for lesiure reading ? First , it is incredibly long , around 600 pages if I remember correct . Second , it is very difficult to follow due to the number of characters involved and number of plots going on . Third , and most importantly , it is incredibly boring . This book is completely uninteresting and turning the pages becomes more of chore than a pleasure.If memory serves , this book was to be Steinbeck 's crowning jewel . Thus , it comes off as contrived and , as with all things overly planned , too complex .
 It 's a shame that Oprah chose this of all Steinbeck 's novels to resuscitate her book club . ` East of Eden ' is , in my opinion , Steinbeck 's worst.This was Steinbeck 's bid to enter the lofty realms of the ` serious ' author . So it is predictably bleak and angst-ridden , its characters constantly mired in futility and frustration.How different from the far sunnier -LRB- and more distinctive -RRB- novels , ` Tortilla Flat ' and ` Cannery Row ' and ` Sweet Thursday ' -- any of which would have been a more agreeable choice ... This is as close as Steinbeck comes to one of those potboiler sagas that just seem to go on and on and on , grinding through decade upon decade , and generation upon generation.Pick anything else by Steinbeck.Anything .
 I enjoyed reading the book but I after reading it I felt as though the book had no point . There was no story or direction in the book . After finishing it , I did n't have any thoughts on life or feel as though I was entertained . There was so much action in the beginning but the storyline seemed to stall in the middle and come to no real conclusion . The book is missing something .
 It is surprising that so many people seem to love this book . I found it drifted from place to place and ended up feeling like a bad soap opera . The layers of analogy and metaphor wash over you as you go through it . Probably a good beach book but if you have other things you are interested in they will likely be more satisfying .
 John Steinbeck is considered a great writer and for years I heard this was his masterpiece . I finally picked it up one day because I loved the movie -LRB- the version with James Dean -RRB- . I quickly found out that the movie only covered the last fourth of the book . Still , despite the length -LRB- 601 pages -RRB- , I decided to read it anyways . Man -- this was a struggle ! It 's a slow-moving `` epic '' that follows the Trask family from the Civil War to WW1 . There are tons of characters and situations but it 's not an easy read . Steinbeck was a good writer -- his descriptions of California and Salinas Valley are beautiful . However when it came to characterizations and motivations he was terrible . All the characters are either evil or good -- very black and white . No shades of grey . They do n't speak -- they preach . I do n't think anyone ever talked like this in real life . Every single event or twist is oversimplified and talked to death . More than once I got the unpleasant feeling that Steinbeck was talking down to his audience . Also whatever his message was -LRB- I 'm assuming he had one -RRB- it 's totally lost as the story just rambles on and on and ON ! As for the ending -- it 's kind of silly and pointless . It does n't even SEEM like an end . It seems Steinbeck just got tired of writing this and gave up . I got through this hoping there would be some point -LRB- or POV -RRB- but there was n't . I 'm surprised this was published in 1952 . Some of the material -LRB- mostly dealing with sex -RRB- was pretty explicit . I heard this was not a big hit because it was considered too simplistic and anti-climatic . I agree ! The movie simplified it even more -LRB- but the Hayes Code was still in effect so they had no choice -RRB- but it was more interesting . It some excellent actors -LRB- James Dean , Raymond Massey , Julie Harris -RRB- fleshing out their characters and even gave some motivation and feelings to Kate -LRB- Jo Van Fleet won as Oscar for her acting -RRB- who is just evil and nothing more in the book . It 's never a good sign when a movie adaptation has more interesting characters than the book ! So -- it 's too long , too obvious and just rambles on and on for no rhyme or reason . Skip this one .
 After several distractions , and more than two months , I finally reached the end of Steinbeck 's so-called ` epic ' . Apparently , I should have watched the movie instead.There 's not a lot to add to previous reviews . The story is long , unfocused , long , rambling , long , cliched , long , tiresome , long , repetitious , and not short.The scope of the story is simply too large , and there are too many characters who ultimately add nothing to the drama . The ` modern day Cain and Abel ' angle is worn into the ground long before the story even turns its attention to Cal and Aron . The previous generation -LRB- Charles and Adam -RRB- make perhaps the dullest pair of charcters ever put together in any work of fiction , and the long , incresingly frequent digressions to catch up on the Hamiltons , the progress of American history and its impact on Salinas , and the state of the prostitution industry , serve to slow this book to a glacial pace.The Chinese housekeeper , Lee , is perhaps the only saving grace in the second half of the book , although the final scene involving he , Cal , and Adam redeems some , if not all of the novel 's shortcomings.Generally , ` East of Eden ' disappoints , because it asks readers to make a long-term emotional investment in a largely lifeless and dull saga , populated -LRB- with only a few exceptions -RRB- by cardboard characters.In my view , Steinbeck was at his best with more compact novels or short stories . ` Eden ' might have worked better if Steinbeck had followed the more loosely-formatted framework of ` Cannery Row ' , rather than weighing down this story with so much verbiage .
 I find it hard to read a book whose characters I have not respect for . I never had any reason to care what happened to these people.That is what I wrote , when I read the 1st 1/2 of the book . I hated the first 1/2 , but then when I read the 2nd half it was a lot better ... But it wo n't let me change my review ...
 I thought this book was a waste of my time . it may have emotion ... but it is riddled with chapters that contain little relevance to the plot ! Save yourself and do n't bother .
 This book was yellow and old . I did not want to touch it and threw it away . Condion of book appaling .
 My problem with this book is n't its length , because to me length is an asset when the book is fascinating-I did n't feel the length of Crime and Punishment , Anna Karenina , Mandela 's Long Walk to Freedom , and these are all 500 page plus books.The problem with this book is that although there is a sort of guilty pleasure involved that keeps you going for a very long time-how evil is this woman ? - it does not pay off . We all enjoy stories about fictional characters without a conscience , because it creates all kinds of interesting possibilities . But after a while , the heavy symbolism of Cain and Abel , the repeating family tragedies , and so on , become tedious and the book just drags on and on until you just ca n't wait for it to be over . This is not an indictment of Steinbeck -LRB- or Oprah , whose book recommendations are usually very good -RRB- , because I 've liked other writings of his and he is certainly an American treasure in his depiction of so many early twentieth-century experiences , social situations , etc.This book did n't really have much of a moral in my opinion , which is fine , but the writing style was n't good enough to compensate for a lack of it and to stand alone based on the beauty of the writing .
 This book is by no means a good representation of Steinbeck 's ability to write . He uses the most overplayed theme in literature of good vs. evil . The seemingly obvious plot and significance of motifs -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- lend to a pretty weak recounting of his family history with the infamous Cain and Abel tale woven into the plot . Much of the book is spent in narrative form , and when the simple and stolid characters do get a chance to talk , their words are tasteless and lack energy or fervor . The plot did n't seem to move anywhere as I was repeatedly caught hoping for the book to end -LRB- it drags on for 602 pages -RRB- . In addition , Steinbeck attempts to use old fashioned cliches and metaphors , and fails miserably . It is obvious that he tries to incorporate deep significance to certain aspects of the book and fails miserably . For example , he uses this metaphor several times
 Giving this a 2 star because that is to mean `` I did not like it '' -- does not mean to report anything about what literary value this novel might have to others.I found this lengthy novel filled with cardboard characters , drawn in broad strokes , nothing nuanced or believable . The narrative voice did not appeal to me , at most times it was omniscient , seeing all that a particular character saw , thought and did . Then , randomly , a first person in the form of a cousin of some of the characters , dropped in and assumed the role of storyteller , only to disappear in short order . This provoked a skeptism of the narrative voice , which was difficult to overcome . Especially given that the narrative voice was repetitive , drawn to long passages of dialogue that seemed not at all like dialogue but more like lectures . And totally devoid of humor , wit or self-deprecation of any sort . Story teller took himself far too seriously , in my opinion.Plot was primarily a repetition of symbol after symbol , good vs evil , self torment unbounded . One driving issue for Steinbeck seeming to revolve around the translation of a verb included in one of the texts included in Old Testament . Great deal of weight given to whether the verb might give man the option of determining his own destiny , as opposed to the `` Presbyterian '' idea of pre-determination . So if you think you would like to spend 600 pages on this issue , and if you believe understanding man 's destiny hinges on this translated verb from an ancient writer 's text , then this is your book , I suppose .
 I have to agree that this trend toward series of books going through all the `` Treks '' is annoying . I have tended to not buy them even though I have a huge Star Trek book collection . I am a ST : TNG fan and do not enjoy reading the other series books as much . It seems like the publisher is trying to force me to read them in order to make sense of any single title.I understand the marketing strategies here but I wish there were more stand alone titles in any single Trek series . Making me wait 6-8 months for a new title leaves me looking for other types of reading material and not Trek.This book is okay but is a little to confusing for most of us . I recommend skipping it and waiting for a book you can sink your teeth into without 6 other for backround material .
 Of the five I 've read -LRB- excluding Challenger -RRB- , this was the most disappointing Gateways book . I am a huge TNG fan , but this book was very slow.I enjoyed Troi as Captain , but that was about it . And the crew of her ship had some personality.This book and the Deep Space 9 version , were the most integrated of the Gateways series . Between the two , most of the Gateways story is told , prior to the conclusion in book 7 and you will definitely want to read the conclusion . If you like a series , read these two for sure . You may not need to read Voyager , or New Frontier . If you do n't like a series , these are the two to avoid . See my review on the others .
 I had heard in reviews of some of the other Gateways books that this might be the best of the series . That turned out to be not the case . As all these Gateways books , this one lacks an ending , so I deduct a star for that . I would have given the book only two stars anyway , so its down to one.The first half of the book is dreadfully boring . Characterizations are superficial , and everytime the author built even a little momentum he immediately snuffed it out with his little vignettes that were supposed to prove how much trouble the Gateways were causing . I found the vignettes to be mostly highly unlikely , and also just as boring as the rest of the first half of the book.In the second half of the book we have Picard and other ships from some other races encountering the Iconian fleet . At this point the book went completely haywire . A space battle was obviously being thought of by the author as if it was being fought in a gravity well , when it was not . The actions of the `` Iconians '' before , during , and after the battle made no sense within the framework of either the series , or even this book . The characterizations of the Enterprise characters we know so well were unbelievably bungled . In what may have been only a lull in combat , and in obvious Red Alert status , the author has Picard retiring alone to his ready room to consume tea and a scone , and is wishing he could comfort himself by playing his little flute . REALLY ?? Just absurd . Little senseless tidbits like this dot the second half of the book . The author forgets things like how many ships have been destroyed in the battle . The `` Iconians '' start with 63 ships , lose several , and magically , after the battle , still have 63 ships . Any record of Kirk having encountered these aliens in their natural form at the end of Gateways Book 1 is evidently lost and long forgotten , although many other facts about that mission are referenced on several occassions.It is hard to maintain interest in a book that the author could n't even pay proper attention to as he wrote it.If I had not read the other books of this series , I would absolutely have put this useless effort down FAR , FAR before I suffered to the wretched end of it . All of these books are flawed , some very badly , and after having now read through them all , I can not really recommend that anyone undertake reading this series .
 The Egyptians -LRB- Ancient Peoples and Places -RRB- only as a reference on using pictures and drawings . It was almost as if Cyril did n't care to put any effort into the book , just slap down all the history he could find . He skipped over many things and put down basics . Yet it is a good guide for basic knowledge on monuments , kings , and a good place to find ancient cities of Egypt .
 There are a million stories in the naked city . This is one of them.This is a rendition of the author 's screwy childhood in some podunk town in Missouri . If the Methodists were n't making his life miserable the Baptists were . So by the time he was 16 years old or so he realized old time religion was a load and that hell was just made up to scare people into being controlled.So , as I said , millions could have written this book . Including moi . Reading this book was kind of like reliving my childhood under the thumb of the Baptists . So I did n't care for it . Too many bad memories.I do n't recommend it . Better to ignore religion instead.I 've not read any of this author 's other books but I did see the movie Gangs of New York and that was quite entertaining so I can only suppose the book is also .
 Who killed Agatha Christie ? That is the question that comes to mind when reading this edition of one of my favorite AC classics . First off , I have to say that I am not one of those readers who generally cares what edition they are reading . To me a book is a book . But this edition is so bad that even I had to look at the book jacket to say , `` Who the heck is responsible for this ? '' Like many readers I was initially dazzled by this edition of AC 's books , by Black Dog and Leventhal . They look so nice on the outside ! But when you start reading , you will be appalled by the large number of typos and printer 's errors , and most of them can be traced back to Spellcheck . I do n't know about you but when I am reading along happily and I come across `` could water -LRB- instead of cold water -RRB- '' I just want to throw the book into the fire . And that is just one of many examples of the mistakes that permeate this edition . The way I look at it is , nobody held a gun to these people 's heads to force them to go into the book publishing business . There are plenty of other jobs . It is my understanding that the apple growers of Northern Italy are in constant need of agricultural workers and no spelling or editing abilities would be required . In `` A Murder is Announced , '' Black Dog and Leventhal have seen fit to `` correct '' an error made by one of the characters in pronouncing another character 's name . I 'm not going to spoil it for you but it would be the equivalent of correcting a Freudian slip . The slip itself gives you the clue to unraveling the mystery . Of course , you would n't have unraveled it anyway , because Mrs. Christie was too cunning for that , but that is not the point . The real mystery , then , to my mind , is not who made all these mistakes , because the answer is , `` some underpaid drudge . '' And it is also not , who failed to catch the mistakes , because the answer is , `` a software program . '' The real mystery , to my mind , is why so many individuals and libraries invested in this new edition which is anything but improved . They bought a pig in a poke and we readers must pay the price . Who killed Agatha Christie ? Black Dog and Leventhal . Do yourself a favor , get the Dodd Mead & Company edition .
 Rachel is the awkward Lear sister . Currently forced to fend for herself , she suffers from low self esteem and allows her ex-lover to come and go since she has no other romance until British heart throb Flynn bumps into her repeatedly . What she does not realize is that he is an insurance investigator , and she is his prime suspect in a series of museum robberies.This was a really hard book to finish . The first two in the trilogy were great - the heroines were spunky and the heroes were hunky . This one was just ... well , clunky . The heroine is so spineless and insipid - a perennial college student who is shocked when daddy cuts her off at 31 . As for the mystery - anyone could see where the author was going within the first 50 pages.I had the feeling that author London managed to obtain a British slang dictionary and used just about every cockney colloquialism and attributed them to Flynn in order to give the story some British validity . The biggest problem with that is that Flynn is upper class , and would never utter a cockney phrase , so the dialogue just grates on the nerves and becomes distracting . This was just a really horrible end to what was an enchanting series of novels punning a Shakespearean classic .
 ... out quickly within the first 100 pages . I was very intrigued with the premise of the novel -- poor little rich girl has to learn to make it on her own . I thought , this one could be really fun ! However , what I found instead was a story about a walking doormat , who let everyone and their family up to the 6th cousins take advantage of her . With this statement , I have in mind visions of MYRON floating through my head . At one point , Rachel has a box of macaroni and something else left in her fridge , with no money to get more food to make it through a whole week , but she blithely shrugs off Myron 's raid on her pantry . Her attitude is , `` Who cares if he eats all my food and clutters up my house ? He 's my FRIEND '' . This attitude safely does fall under the TSTL category , which I was relieved to see another reader point out . Furthermore , Rachel teaches a weaving class OUT OF POCKET ... and we 're all expected to believe she does it out of the goodness of her little heart , and for sheer love of weaving ? Please ! I could understand Rachel waiving the wee for a student or two , or bringing weaving materials for a student or two , but PAYING HERSELF for the class to take weaving ? Come on ! No one is that desperate and lonely that they need to PAY for other people to enjoy their company ! And if they are , I certainly do n't want to read about them!One of the worst and most annoying things about this book was the horrid slang Julia London had Flynn speak in . I could understand a few slang comments thrown in , but his entire character spoke in dialect . -LRB- Most people , when taking beginning writing courses , are warned to use `` dialect '' SPARINGLY . So what does Julia London do ? She writes a whole character who speaks in nothing BUT dialect . Help me rip out all the hairs on my head one by one for each `` nancy boy '' and `` bit of all right '' and `` I rather suspect ... '' and `` lucky chaps '' ! -RRB- Two of my best friends are British , and do they speak like that ? NO ! They have a few expressions we do n't use in America , but they still speak ENGLISH ! Instead of being charmed , I was desperately annoyed.One more thing that bothered me was the way Rachel 's dad was painted as a horrible villain who , although dying , did n't deserve to see his daughter for Thanksgiving . No matter how awful your parents are , if they 're dying , you could at least agree to go spend the holidays with your family ! This coming from a girl who pays for other people to take her classes , who rescues kittens from cruel owners , and who buys groceries for a vilely grouchy widower . But yet we 're expected to believe she wo n't go see her dying father for the holidays ? Whaaaat ? Oh no , he tells her she needs to finish school -- she 's THIRTY ! What does she expect ? Yet of course , once she starts having a relationship with a man and falls in love , she suddenly is able to finish her long-stagnant thesis . Gag me!Now , after all my ranting , were there any redeeming qualities to this novel ? I 'll admit , there was quite a lot wrong with this novel . However , I did enjoy the way Rachel 's character tried to take her life into her own hands by doing things she 'd never been good at before . She stopped whining about being overweight and went to the gym , she stopped saying she could never get a date and started flirting with a nice , normal seeming guy . Also , the tone of the novel was mostly light and humorous , especially throughout Rachel 's first encounters with Flynn . It made the novel more appealing and comedic , which I enjoyed . However , all in all , I found Rachel 's repeated put-downs of herself to be too much of a hindrance to the story , and her newfound self-confidence blossomed much too late in the story for me . Sorry guys , but I give this one a miss .
 I 've read few published books that were a mess from beginning to end , so this book did n't lack in achieving something for me . It was also entertaining , though probably not in the way the author intended.Rachel Lear is the sort of person I do not form relationships with simply because she 's the sort of person who can not live without some sort of chaos in her life . That chaos has a way of spilling over into friends ' lives , no matter how much she may not want it to . Hell , her sisters have so little respect for her as a person that there 's no interest in reading their stories . Where Rachel is a directionless mess , they seem more self-involved and nasty.That being said , Rachel is a total disaster , tore up from the floor up . The most frustrating and annoying heroine I 've encountered in my 41 years . She 's a doormat , needy , and whines endlessly . Her life is filled with people who take from her and she does n't seem to think enough of herself to demand more from them as friends . The only person Rachel stands up to is her father , which is just another example of her selfishness and lack of common sense given that the father is dying of cancer.If Rachel makes me cringe at every turn , there is hero Flynn Oliver , who London must have cobbled together from `` Everyday British Slang For Dummies . '' I 've known and worked with British people numerous times . None of them have talked like Flynn , who is so annoying in his bits of all right , bloodies , smashings , chaps , lads , nancy boys , and other dated vernacular that I ground my teeth every time he opened his mouth.The secondary characters were n't any better . They seemed more like stereotypes of characters . Dagne Delaney is Rachel 's best friend and she 's as flaky as a pie crust . When Rachel bemoans the fact that she 's jobless , broke , and manless , Dagne thinks it 's a good idea to cast a spell to fix all that 's wrong in Rachel 's life . Dagne is exactly what you expect , buying her spell book on eBay and embracing all things crunchy and granola.Rachel also teaches a weaving class that does n't make her money unless the participants pay for the class . It 's filled with just about every stereotype you can imagine , parodies of characters . 1 -RRB- a hypochondriac who regales the class with the endless nonexistent medical problems she suffers ; 2 -RRB- a gay senior ; 3 -RRB- two African-American women , both complete with neck poppin ' , `` no he did ` ents , and 5 children between them . They 're shrill and engage in every stereotype you 'd expect , and 4 -RRB- a Goth kid who is naturally in love with Rachel.And really , let 's not forget the freeloading exboyfriend Myron . Rachel has so little backbone that when she comes home to find that he 's eaten the last of her brownies , she says nothing when he tells her that she did n't put a note on them . It 's her house ! It 's her food . He does n't live there , although I 'd argue that fact as he still has a key and comes and goes whenever he wishes , whether she 's there or not . He does n't buy her food , does n't pay rent , does n't share in any expenses of her house and she ca n't even stand up for herself over a pan of brownies.By the book 's end , Rachel has gotten all she 's ever wanted , but I do n't feel she worked toward any of it . No , when things got tough either she or Dagne cast a spell . I 'm sure some will find that charming , but I found the entire mess annoying and laughable , something I 'm fairly sure the author never intended .
 I am generally a Julia London fan . I found this book to be painful in the extreme to get thru . It 's slow and plodding Rachel is annoying and takes being a doormat to an entirely new level .
 Ugh Rachel Lear ... . I get what London was trying to do but it did n't work . She tried so hard to make her the likeable , youngest child that she made her into a pushover . I wanted to slap her , tell her to stand up for herself and stop eating brownies . The witchcraft angle was old after the first one , and they proceed to do several more after . My pet peeve with writers is when they just want you to buy a romantic spark by just writing it . That 's just being lazy . I do n't see why either of them liked each other . The ending was anticlimatic , the plot predictable , the characters blah , and yet I still liked it better than the second Rebecca Lear story .
 What really ruined this book for me was not the writing -- the writing was alright -- it was the main character . The storyline held promise but the characterization of Rachel was horrible . She is such a clueless doormat that you 're far pass feeling sorry for her and end up questioning how such an idiot can even be smart enough to get through all the schooling to get her phd.The scene where she rescues a chained cat seemed so force , as if added in to drive home the point that she was a sweet , caring , unselfish person . So wonderful that she could n't bring herself to tolerate celebrating Thanksgiving with her father -- who is battling cancer , supported his entire family so they can live in luxury , and is painted as the bad guy for cutting off his 31 year old daughter just because he wants her to do something with her life . She helped buy groceries for a grieving , newly widowed man in her weaving class but ca n't be bothered to have her dad come visit to make amends?So many parts of this story aggravated me to no end that I find myself cringing in disbelieve at how much I ca n't tolerate the main character . She is so broke that she ca n't pay her utility bill but she could charge a $ 400 dress to her account credit card for a date ?! She has practically no food in her house but she waves the fee of half her weaving class and lets her freeloading exboyfriend eat whats left in her frig ? She 's up for a phd in history but does n't recognized all the smuggled artifacts laying in her house are authentic?It seems that making Rachel so clueless and prone to be taken advantage of is meant to make her seem endearing but I find myself wishing incessantly that it were possible to reach into the pages of the book and strangle the idiocy out of her . Even up until the end I was frustrated with Rachel when she thoughtlessly flies to the location of the bad guy -LRB- or antagoist or perpetrator , whatev -RRB- . It was made to look like a brave act , like she 'd finally started to take full control of her life when all I could think was that she 'd been so easily tricked that she deserved to be taken advantage of.Nevertheless , I managed to finished the book so it does serve its purpose being entertaining even if only because I felt complelled to turn the page only to see how much more clueless Rachel can get . Reading the overload of British slang by Flynn and all the `` Yo '' and `` Dude '' by Joe was hilarious . It was too much , the author went overboard to emphasize the dialogue differences between the two . This is my first book by this author and its made such a bad impression that I hesitate to pick up another of her books
 After reading Ms. London 's BEAUTY QUEEN , I was anxious to read MISS FORTUNE . However , the book just never caught on with me and the heroine is definitely someone I would n't want to know or be . I have a problem with romance novel heroines who are in their 30 's and still living off their parents yet get angry when their life goals , etc. are questioned . After a while I gave up on Rachel and wondered what anyone would see in her . She really had no redeeming values . I did like the book 's hero more and loved how Ms. London used a lot of British slang with this character . I found him charming , but once again , could n't see what he saw in his lady love .
 I was so dissapointed by this book ! I read the first two and thought while they were not up to Julia London 's previous books , they were light airplane reads . After 50 pages of Rachel not doing anything but letting her friends use her and eat , I was bored , bored , bored.I only skimmed throught to see her parents moving forward.I do not recommend this book at all !
 Leonard 's style is to create strong , engaging characters and `` see what happens . '' This story has neither interesting characters , nor does very much happen . Leonard is also famous for looking into the lives of petty crooks - but these are among the pettiest . A couple of selfish and self-indulgent losers get their kicks throwing rocks through the windows of homes . The readers are invited to giggle with glee at the stupid fools who live within , and stumble into the night to see what has happened . I tossed this book after reading the first half - a first for me . I have read every Elmore Leonard I could get my hands on . But this one , I could n't wait get rid of . Skip this book .
 I am an avid Elmore Leonard fan and have lost count of the number of books of his that I have read . Some of them rank with the best crime fiction ever written . However , this is not one of them . In fact , this is the first one I have read that is actually bad . The main problem is the very thin plot , which Leonard all too frequently compensates for with flashbacks to the character 's earlier life , which have nothing whatever to do with the plot . It is obvious that he does this just to fill space and stretch this short story out to book length.That having been said , I must say that I liked the book 's ending . It was surprising and abrupt . But this book is only for Dutch-ophiles who may be curious to see what the master 's early work was like .
 The most astonishing and strange thing about this book I find are the quotes from newspapers saying it 's a great book . When I finished the book I thought the clue , story and good ending everyone is talking about were simply missing as I bought it secondhand on a trip trough China . I found out that the book really has no ending , no suspense , no clue and no good reason te read it . Too bad I just found out after I finished it . It 's really a question of whether it should be called a story . I have no clue why someone would read or write it , as it is about as interesting as listening in on a conversation between some dull people on a train .
 I 've read most of the non-western Elmore Leonard collection . I 've enjoyed just about everything he has written . The Big Bounce is probably near the bottom of my favorites . Jack Ryan just is n't that attractive a protagonist , and the story just did n't have that much &#34; bounce . &#34; What 's at the bottom of the list ? Probably Tishomingo Blues .
 A bit slower than what I expected . I was more interested in the quick flashback sequences between Jack Ryan and Leon Woody . It was entertaining , but slowed to the pace of a geriatric bingo game , at times . The plot 's not too engaging , but Leonard 's knack for writing from a character 's point of view keeps you amused.I 'd recommend `` Maximum Bob '' as my favorite Leonard book , so far.A sidenote , but Detroit Tiger fans may get a kick out of the last few chapters .
 I am an avid Elmore Leonard fan . While this book is dated , the basic premise of the story had all the traditional earmarks of a Leonard novel.Once the book begins hitting the climax , the book takes a totally different direction . The main storyline is aborted.I was listening to an unabridged audio version of this book . I returned the book to Amazon since I thought I had an incomplete book . The book ended on the 5th tape with no warning that it was complete . A sixth tape was added which started with an Elmore Leonard short story that was included in a previous book.Don ' t waste your time with this book .
 There is no real ending in this book . After the reading the last chapter the book leaves you asking yourself , then what ? The characters are interesting and Nancy is surely a woman to stay away from and not unlike some women I have known in my lifetime . Your led to believe in the book that the climatic scene will have something to do with the theft of a large amount of money that they have been talking about for half of the book , but it ends with indecision about the heist and it leaves the reader clueless about several points .
 Do n't be fooled by the slick new paperback cover and the movie promotion to sell you this book . This volume , written in 1969 -LRB- and a bit dated as a result -RRB- , is set in the `` thumb '' of Michigan -LRB- Port Austin area -RRB- - not Hawaii , as in the 2004 movie.The book mostly traces the behavior of two characters , Jack and Nancy , neither of whom are interesting enough to care about . Actually , Jack is n't a bad guy - he 's just not given a good story to be part of . There is the start of a good story and a potential theft of some money , but that all falls off the bone - the promise of a good yarn is as deceptive as the cover of the new paperback.It had been a long time since I 'd read any Elmore Leonard and I really wanted to give him a try again . This book fell flat , had no resolution to my liking , and left me puzzled about why not one but two movie adaptations had been made from it.The reason for two stars is
 Sorry Mr. Leonard , but this book is awful . Where 's the argument , the plot , the meaning . Where 's the sense . It 's the second and last Leonard 's book in my list .
 I 've read all of Leonard 's -LRB- non-Western -RRB- novels . Some were very good ... La Brava , Glitz , Pronto . The Big Bounce is one of Leonard 's worst . It is truly awful . There is absolutely no plot . Ryan and Nancy 's plan to steal $ 50,000 never happens and the Mr. Majestyk character is completely different from the self-titled Leonard classic . Leonard must have been on an alcoholic binge when he wrote this novel .
 This book started out as a good read ; however I realized that the letters were probably not originally written as such and actually mailed to a recipient . Written in letter-style format for publication , but not mailed to another person . The Publisher 's Note a the beginning of the original 1914 edition -LRB- not sure if the same introduction is in the newer editions -RRB- states that these are genuine letters , written from a writer to her former employer , that have been published just as they were originally written.They do not have the content of genuine letters . In not one of the letters does the writer ever address the woman she is writing to , other than to say something along the lines of `` I received your letter to me '' , or `` I received your card '' , before immediately launching into a long tale without again addressing the person she is supposedly writing to , until she signs off at the end with goodbye . Once or twice something is mentioned along the lines of `` you seemed to think that in one of my letters I spoke boastfully '' , or `` perhaps my last long letter was too much for you '' , but that 's it.In a true letter , -LRB- or email , or verbal conversation , etc. -RRB- , in addition to writing about their own experiences , one also responds to news that has been received from the person to whom they are writing , and asks the person to whom they are writing , questions about what is going on in that other person 's life . This letter writer does n't ever do that . In all the long letters written over several years ' period of time , there would at least be some of this . She never really addresses the recipient of her letters in a personal style.There 'd at least be a bit of `` I was excited to hear about your new grandchild '' or `` How is your neighbor old Mr. Jones doing these days ? , tell him I said hello '' . There 'd be some mention of `` My best wishes on son 's marriage '' , or `` I remember that time we we enjoyed that outing together '' Or `` sorry to hear about your recent illness '' , etc. etc.You could come up with any number of things someone would and does write about at length , in just about any letter they 'd send to someone , where they would write about things also going on in the life of the recipient of their letter . The writer herself states in the book numerous times how she loves to write , and ca n't stop writing when she composes a letter , but there 's never a mention of anything about the lady she is writing to , or mention about news that her friend sent her in letters that she herself received.If the letters were actually sent to the former employer as it states in the book , then the former employer is the person who would have been in possession of the letters for publication . Even if the author somehow made copies of the letters she 'd written , how did she get them published in book form , by a reputable publisher , -LRB- with her living in Wyoming -RRB- and the original 1914 book is illustrated by the famous N.C. Wyeth -- when the last letter printed in the book is dated November 1913 ? This book is somewhat enjoyable as a piece of fiction based on real experiences , akin to the `` Little House '' series , and I 'm sure some of the incidents in the book happened in some fashion and have been fictionalized into a letter-style format.But `` genuine letters , published as they were written '' . I think not .
 I found this to be boring and slow moving . I kept waiting for interest to build but gave up . I would not recommend it .
 I have been reading this book with a doubt in my mind as to the veracity of the tale . At first I thought , ok , she was an unusually intelligent woman for the time and it is true . Then came the trip to the mountains she took with her baby when Mr. Stewart left and the women took a trip . She rode from 9am until 4pm . This was September . The sun sets early - she had to set up her camp , collect fire wood , tie up her horse , tend to her baby , cook dinner . Doubt it was all done in the 2 hours of day light she had . Then came the wedding were the bride 's mother brought lillies of valley and rosebuds for a fall wedding . Where do lillies of the valley grow in the fall ? They are an early spring flower . Tiny rose buds in October ? Doubt it . I will continue to read the book and am so surprised that no one else is ` checking ' the details as I am . Also , she says she is not bragging - but she wrote that she has pity for the women who are doing the laundry/work she did for the lady in Denver for 10cents that she no longer has to do . She has raised her station and feels she is better than they . I think someone had a tremendous imagination while trying to make a new life in the wilderness . I am sure I will find more things to write about and look forward to a discussion with those who agree or disagree .
 I could not read the whole book as it was boring from the beginning . Sorry but I would not recommended to avid readers . I an not a reader but when I started this book , I knew I would like it from the beginning .
 I read it for a book club . It was a Kindle free book . It was over priced . It was a waste of time .
 I guess I am the only one who did not like this book . I found it tedious and the same happenings over and over . Her outings and repetitions became boring . Maybe it is my age that makes a difference . I had a mother who came across on the old Oregon Trail and her stories were excitng and a lot more infomative than this effort . I stopped reading before I was half way through . I just could not continue with her ramblings .
 This is an old , old bit of scholarship that is not deserving of the name - - instead , try some of the Gospel `` Parallels '' .
 This book is so good , however when I got to page 156 , the pages started over with page 93-124 , then began again at page 189 . So I missed some important chapters . Not sure it is worth the money to mail it back for another book , but sure was disappointing to say the least.The characters in this book were so likeable and the little girl , Heidi was so persistent in her quest to find out about her mother 's background , it made a wonderful story.My granddaughter is the one who recommended this book to me to read .
 I was happily reading my book when I turned from pg . 156 to the next page ... 93 ! This book had skipped back to pg . 93 and bound 30 pages I had already read and left out pages 157 - 188 !! I was furiously at a loss without those 30 pages . I ended up hitting the library for the book and those lost 31 pages .
 the book goes nowhere it has no moral at terrible line and tragic filled an all around bad book
 This book was incredibly boring and depressing . It has almost no plot and it 's too predictable.I hated this book and I would not reccomend it to other people .
 I read this book as a summer reading assignment . I have to say I was extremely disappointed . No offense to anyone who likes this book , because a few parts a liked , but I just do n't think it 's my type of read . It seemed to have sloppy and unorganized writing at some points . I think anyone who likes family mysteries and finding out who you really are will enjoy this book , though . Do n't let one bad review from not buying it . Enjoy !
 I read Trinity in February , 1978 , and I loved it.I have been trying to read Redemption for six weeks now , and am just now fighting the Turks.The character development that enabled Uris to give us background information on many characters -LRB- like Caroline , Seamus , Shelley , Atty -RRB- without confusing which characters were his clear focus -LRB- Conor , Tomas and Kiltie -RRB- is missing here . The book bounces around between too many characters and too many story lines with not enough time devoted to any of them to let the reader know whose stories are the crux of the book.Perhaps the problem is that Uris goes over already-told Trinity tales and ca n't get focused on his main characters . Outside of seeing the word `` redemption '' batted around by different characters , I ca n't find anything that unifies the stories contained in this book .
 I have been a big fan of Uris ever since I picked up Exodus which was probably about 5 years ago . Since then I went through QBVII , Armageddon , Trinity , The Haj and Mitla Pass . Trinity was a wonderful book , vintage Uris , which was way up there with his earlier novels . Redemption on the other hand is a book that just should n't have been written.I think the most shocking thing to me about Redemption was that Uris committed the cardinal sin of rewriting his own history from Trinity . At the end of Trinity , both Jeremy and Christopher Hubble were supposed to have died at the hands of the protagonist in what was a moving , tragic and highly ironic ending , worthy of a master storyteller and apt for a story about Ireland . This alone spoilt the novel for me - I kept checking my copy of Trinity to be sure that I read it right . The book is just wholly unsatisfying . All Uris did for about one third of the book was summarize Trinity , an exercise any average sixth grader would be quite capable of . It has a totally blaise and inappropriate ending and a plot without any main point to it . What could Rory do for Ireland ? Kill the brigader and everything will magically become better ? Tell me another one . Uris adds needless sexual overtones to his book throughout , I wo n't go into the details . Others have complained about his historical inaccuracy , and since my historical knowledge of Ireland is virtually zip , I wo n't go there.Redemption is not without its redeeming -LRB- if you pardon the pun -RRB- graces . Uris ' portrayal of the battle at Gallipoli is vivid and very moving . The relationship between Rory and Liam is also well-written . If only he would n't go out of his way to put words in the mouth of his characters to support his primary thesis ... . it becomes ridiculous after a while.My conclusion is this
 What a disappointment ! Trinity is Uris 's best work . When I heard about Redemtion 's continuing Trinity 's story , I was eager to read it . What a disappointment ! Here 's hoping Uris already is working on another great book to redeem himself from this debacle !
 I read Trinity 10 years ago and loved it . I picked up Redemption because I enjoyed Trinity so much and because I have read and thouroughly enjoyed every Leon Uris book I read . However , half way into Redemption I felt as if I had already read it -LRB- e.g. , big wrought iron screens , firemen in Baltimore -RRB- . I also thought there was enough good history to write about and that Mr. Uris ' focus on torid sex was pandering to marketability rather than good writing . I wish he would take one more stab at Ireland and stick to the historical theme more -- there 's a lot to tell ,
 After _ Trinity _ , one of Uris ' best works , we are given his worst . It is almost as though he is having trouble remaining focused on the story ; there are frequent flashbacks to the climactic passages in _ Trinity _ , usually for no apparent reason . Some stories gallop , some walk purposefully ; _ Redemption _ meanders aimlessly , retraces its steps , and bonks into trees.The only redeeming feature of the book is the description of Gallipoli , which is still a sore point in Australia and New Zealand and deserves comprehension and remembrance throughout the Western world . Unfortuately one must suffer through the rest of the book to get to the Gallipoli part , and unless you are extremely interested in that particular topic , this book is not time well spent.For an idea of what Uris has accomplished in the past , try _ Topaz _ or _ QB VII _ in addition to _ Trinity _ . Given the other great reading Uris has provided us , let 's forgive him for this one .
 By the time I reached the end of this tedious tome , I did n't care about the characters or the war . I finished reading it as an act of discipline . I gave it one star only because there was no lower rating .
 I 've always been a big fan of Leon Uris and my only explanation for Redemption is that it can not have been written by him ! I literally felt like it was another author writing about the continuing saga of the Larkin family -LRB- the New Zealand branch -RRB- and the remaining Hubbles . The fact that Uris -LRB- ? -RRB- contradicts his own previously written material is confusing and pointless . The characters appear shallow and the women are reduced to two-dimensional sex objects rather than the rich supporting figures they were in Trinity . A real disappointment .
 I loved Trinity . I was psyched to see there was a sequel . Man , the first 200 pages are disappointing . I like the review that said it was a long book report . That 's exactly it . Just summary . Booo Leon Uris . You could have done so much more .
 I never received this book from Got Books Inc. . I did , however , receive the book from Warehouse Deals , Inc. , STRANGERS FROM etc. . I tried to contact the seller , but no luck . Please either give me a credit or get them to send another book to me . Tracking # is IZA50W200368604135 . Thank you and please send me an e-mail regarding this book . Dorothy Joy Ash
 BORING in the biggest way possible ! I honestly did n't care who won or if anyone won the stupid battle . If I had not received this book as a gift from loved ones who were watching me read it and waiting to see how much I enjoyed it , I would have put it down quickly.No , I would have put it far , far away or given it to a book sale.I 'm a long-time Uris fan and I truly hope someone else wrote this awful waste of paper and merely stole Uris ' good name.Let 's hope the author and the publisher make some charitable contributions out of the money they make on the sale of this book because it ought to be good for something.Deliver us from any more like this one !
 I do n't understand WHY the author felt he had to rehash the Trinity story . I loved that book , and was looking forward to the creation of some other three dimensional , admirable characters . There are none in this book . I wish , as someone else who reviewed this book mentioned , that I had n't tried to read it , because I loved Trinity so much.If I could I 'd rate it NO stars . Or minus three .
 As other readers have noted , this book is not nearly the book Trinity is . Wish I had n't read it , the first was so good.I guess that 's the trouble with sequels .
 Written like an incredibly long , high school book report , a mere rehashing of the important events of `` Trinity '' . The book added no more dimension to and seemed bereft of any sympathy towards the characters - I found the characterizations to be flat and uninteresting . The dialogue was incredible and sophomoric - I mean , let 's be frank - people getting together to plan the throwing off of the chains of 700 years of oppression are n't going to sit around a table at secret meetings , under cover of darkness , yammering things like , `` And forever , nothing of beauty has ever escaped his eye . No leaf , no sound , no drop of rain , no sweet word , no scent . He finds beauty in thunderheads and raging seas , and never a woman has he seen or touched did he not find beauty in . Along with his ravenous craving for knowledge and his fury against injustice , this man has gathered in beauty more fully than any human being I know ... '' Puh-leeeze . Give me a break - no one talks like this . I am sorely disappointed in this poor attempt at a sequel , but I 'll finish it because I 'm hoping it gets better -LRB- or at least more realistic -RRB- . I 'm glad I read `` Trinity '' first , because I never would have after reading this .
 As a Uris fan and Trinity lover , I ran out to buy Redemption when it was released . What a letdown . It was a Trinity review with some Clancy-like battles that lasted forever . Never thought Uris would put out such nonsense to make a buck .
 I read Trinity a few years ago . An emotive book which captured the mood of the times and attitudes of the groups of people involved . A great book . I received the sequel , Redemption , as a gift . After reading roughly one third of the book , I conclude that I will only finish it as a duty to the giver . The ` new events ' described in the book -LRB- Suddenly it transpires that Conor visited Hubble Manor as a child apprentice and argued with Caroline about who constructed the screen -RRB- , the lack of historical accuracy being teeth-grinding and the fact that formerly incidental characters are fleshed out to an astonishly irritating degree , are bad enough . The above is only outdone by the author 's extraordinary fixation with coupling between whichever characters appear on the page . In the absence of coupling , there is the constant preoccupation with coupling . We find Winston Churchill and Randolph Churchill falling asleep contemplating the breasts of Caroline Hubble . Is the author re-living his puberty?Aside from this , who actually cares what Atty Fitzpatrick did as a child ? Are we interested in how Rory grew up , and although I have not forced myself to read that far into the book , I understand that following Conor 's visit to New Zealand and instilling the love of Ireland in Rory , in order to get to Ireland , he joins what was nominally the British Army . Is there no end to credibility stretching nonsense ? There are many other questions which can not fit here . All in all , just a very tedious read .
 I received Redemption as a gift , but noticed prior to reading it that Trinity was the first book in the series . So I read Trinity and loved it which made me excited to get to Redemption . What a let down . I ca n't understand how an author would follow up such a great book with something so awful . It was basically a review of Trinity with a little more detail ... boring ! Although , I 'm glad I got to read Trinity . I hope Uris ' other books are as good .
 Hate to have to rip Leon Uris , but this book seemed like it was written just to quiet those people who clamored for a Trinity sequel . Either that , or he did it to make an easy buck . After reading this , you would swear he wrote the thing in about a week . The writing on Galipoli is n't bad and this book might be okay if it had to stand on its own . But as the sequel to Trinity , it captures none of the inspiring qualities of the original masterpiece .
 I read ` Trinity ' because I was curious about the IRA and the whole situation of Ireland & England . Just wanted to know what the hell it was all about.And I got all the information I wanted and so much more . Trinity not only gave a complete history on the situation but told me what Ireland meant to an Irishman.Now why am I reviewing Trinity instead of Redemption ? I do n't know . Maybe its because the sequel cant even hold a candle light to its predecessor . Redemption just drags on from basically where Trinity left off . Nothing happens until Gallipoli . But there , the book completely switches pace and becomes very interesting.The Bloody hills of Gallipoli and the British , Australian & the New Zealand forces invasion is described in vivid detail . But that 's it . You have to suffer through the rest of the book to get to this part.Give this a miss . Read Trinity instead and hold on to the memories .
 The 200 or so pages in this novel that Leon Uris devotes to the battle of Gallipoli Peninsula in WWI are very well-written and extremely interesting . I have to wonder if Uris originally planned to write an entire book about Gallipoli but did n't have the energy left in his old age . He knew he 'd make a pile of money with a sequel to his popular book `` Trinity '' so he stuck the Gallipoli story into the sequel.The first 300 pages of this book are a rehash of Trinity and I skimmed over them very quickly . The parts after Gallipoli are mildly interesting but not worth spending a lot of time on .
 After reading `` Trinity , '' I can not have been the only one who hunted high and low for `` Redemption . '' I see from other reviews that I am not the only one who was , let 's say , mildly appalled by what I found . `` Redemption '' has all the earmarks of a novel written for contractual purposes and I 'm frankly surprised Uris put his name to it . In my opinion , it is not the genuine article , not by a long shot , and if you 're still chasing around to find a copy by the time you read this , then stop . Go on to something else .
 Obviously , this is an early work of Kristin Hannah . I 've read most of her books , and can honestly say , had I read this first , I never would have read the others she 's written . I 've never been so happy to put down a book in my life . I thought it would never end . The first novel of Hannah 's I read was Home Again and I 've read all her works since then . This book is n't even in their league .
 The hero is unusual , and potentially endearing . The heroine deliberately different , though less endearing -- meant apparently to be redeemed in the course of the book . BUT ... The pace is so SLOW , and the plot virtually non-existent . I used to love to read romance , but lately the books seem to drip long overblown blah-blah-blah paragraphs and pages and pages supposedly about emotion while nothing at all is going on , or is about to either . In some books , passages are endlessly repeated while plot is nowhere to be found . Ms. Hannah is n't quite as repetitive as some ; but though I need characters I care about , even more I need to read a book that is going somewhere sometime somehow . The snail 's pace lack of plot here , or one that could have been handled in about five chapters , just is n't what I want to read.I will say on a sentence-by-sentence level , Kristin Hannah is an okay writer ; but THE ENCHANTMENT put me to sleep . I know this nice lady could do much better .
 This book was so bad that I put it down for 6 months . After I had forgotten how bad it was , then I tried again . I forced myself to finish it thist time but I did not enjoy it . It is just a silly romance that was sprinkled with only a TINY bit of adventure . And the adventure part was the most appealing thing about the story . Everything else was boring or silly . And when I say silly , I 'm talking about the sappy love junk that is n't realistic , especially on the guys part . And the worst part about the book is that Kristin Hannah is obviously not a Christian because she continues to use the GD phrase throughout her books . This is the 3rd one of hers that I 've read and it may have to be the last since I can not such constant disrespect for the Lord . I 'm not a holy roller Ms. Hannah , but could n't you be creative enough to use words that wo n't alienate such a huge population of people ?
 Edmund Morgan 's narrative of the period leading up to and just following the American Revolution is too broad for its own good . Ascribing to an antiquitated and particularly unuseful view of history , Morgan abridges the narrative for the sake of introduction rather than analyzing it , which does violence to any sort of constructive understanding of the Revolution . One gets the blatantly simplyfied -LRB- if not totally false -RRB- impression from this book of a single-minded people carrying a totally novel idea into the future for no other reasons but principle with no great assistance aside from their own ingenuity and nave idealism . This book is dated by its author 's ideas -LRB- freezing it in the 1950s when it was written -RRB- . Instead of getting an analytical introduction , students will find themselves bombarded with ideology and rhetoric . Morgan 's narrative stops short of anything but a patriotic pageant , parading before us our favorite archetypal faces we remember so well from elementary school.Overall , this book is little more than a relic from an outdated mode of American history . Morgan would do well to spend less time celebrating his subject matter unabashedly and at least offer the reader some questions to think about . As it stands , the book is a work of historical fiction , tackily written . It definitely has no business in classrooms except those studying perceptions of American history in the 1950s . Instead , for those interested in a particularly more interesting -LRB- and helpful -RRB- look into the formation of the thirteen colonies into a cohesive -LRB- or at least marginally functional -RRB- ` Nation ' capable of fighting a popular revolution , I recommend T.H. Breen 's The Market Place of the American Revolution . It offers insights into the same time period as Morgan , but deals more with the nuanced and complicated process of nation-forming that is often credited to a few big names and ornate documents in American history .
 DO NOT READ THIS BOOK ! IT IS LIKE WATCHING PAINT DRY . IF YOU HATE HISTORY , YOU WILL HATE IT EVEN MORE , AND IF YOU LOVE HISTORY YOU WILL BEGIN TO HATE IT .
 Enthusiasim , is unbelievably detailed and precise about the off shoots and derivatives that sprang up like weeds to challenge the Catholic church for hundreds of years . He is very , very detailed and assumes you are a proffessor of history in his approach . Its seems to be aimed at the university student . It does not develop anything and doesnt allow the reader to gain even a tiny bit of information before he writes about the advent of a new religion that challenges the church . I got thru it , but it was painful . If you are already a graduate student in religion , have fun , but for the rest of you , stay away and search for other entry level texts!M
 Reads like an inquisitors manual but unfortunately only repeats tired charges with the same scant evidence and thin standards that the original inquisitors used in their investigations . In the first third of the book only one piece of `` solid '' evidence is brought forth linking the anabaptist and the manichee . This fact being the common usage of the idea that `` Christ passed through the Virgin Mother as water through a pipe . '' This is about as conclusive as asserting someone is from Alabama on the basis of saying `` kit and kaboodle . '' The book is certainly fun to read , fans of Knox love it , it is full of inuendo and characterizations . `` Heretics '' meet in `` nests '' and the `` virus '' of protestanism spreads throughout the land . Obviously this is antimodernist hoopla which makes fun reading for those interested in Catholic historical narratives before the rise of sound scholarship . - JL
 The only good thing about this book was that it told of the importance to revisit the project and measure its success after go-live . Aside from that I found this book to be useless . It was clearly written by someone who has never implemented an ES . This book is what an SAP salesman would give to CIO/CEO level customers . The big bang methodology he endorses is nothing but a recipe for disaster . When this is used the only thing it ensures is that an organization will be dependent on consultants for the forseeable future . He is way off base and delivers very little proof or personal experience .
 With this title , I expected something related to complex issues on design , implementation , integration and operation of rea-life information systems . For me , this book was a dissapointment . At least , the title is misleading . By `` enterprise system '' , the author means Enterprise Resource Planning -LRB- ERP -RRB- packages such as SAP and Baan , and most of the contents are about very basic overview on ERP . This book should be titled as `` Managers ' Guide to ERP '' , and could be useful for uninitiated managers who want to know what major ERP products there are .
 As a student , I have found this book to be a very difficult read . The chapters were filled with impossible to understand details . Perhaps for a practitioner the book is useful , but as an introductory textbook in a university course , it proved to be a very thick volume with litte useful information .
 W. G. Griffiths 's opus `` Malchus '' started with a promising premise
 This book is easily the weakest of the Gateways series so far . Part of it can be blamed on the fact that the Voyager is simply too far away from the events that are taking place in the Alpha Quadrant to get the reader to care much -LRB- whereas the TNG , DS9 and NF appear to share a common linking thread of seeing the various crews work toward the same goal and getting three different perspectives on that , the Voyager book finds the crew outside the loop and thus , clueless as to what is going on , which is frustrating . Had this book been the first of the series , it might have been better -RRB- . Another problem with the book is that the characters are too one-dimensional -- including the new aliens we meet . It 's obvious who the good and the bad guys are from the beginning . Finally , the ending of the novel is far too forced to be believed . I found myself wanting to throw the book aside in frustration several times in the final 50 or so pages.The book is very loosely linked to the Gateways saga . There are times when the Gateways concept seems forced upon the book -- almost as if the author had a good idea for a story but was forced to make it fit into the current series . Overall this leads to a lot of my dissatisfaction with this book .
 A scapbook of old photos . Many pictures repeated or cropped . All photos are Black & White and most are reprints from The Toledo Blab!A look at life lived in black & white with no color and very little daylight .
 This book , while the sketches in it are nice , is not at all a helpful book . It seemed to be just an excuse for the author to publish her sketchbook . No real instruction .
 Sadly , this book is similar to most on venture capital in that it is based on interviews of VCs . The weakness behind this approach is that it provides unorganized content that lacks depth and utility . In short , while it doesprovide some important insight , these insights are neither unique or critical and can be found in other books that provide a much better resource to the entrepreneur .
 A 900 page Photoshop book for a really low price . Seems like an unbeatable bargain . Forget the fact that it seems to be printed on paper three grades below newsprint . Pay no attention to its external dimensions , which are smaller than most hardback novels . Although it 's natural to be skeptical about any book that has `` complete '' in its title , lets ignore that . The key question is
 Both book jacket and the book say you can download images from the sybex.com site which are used as samples in the book lessons . Unfortunately that is not true . The Sybex site only has images from a couple of chapters . Three out of 27 chapters !! You need to have your own catalogue of all kinds of pictures available which match the book lessons in order to use the book . What a waste of money . The publisher should refund everyone 's money who bought this book under false pretenses .
 I was excited to see that Janette Oke had written two more books for her Canadian West series -LRB- my favorite of all her books -RRB- about the Delaney 's kids . Either the quality of her writing has diminished or my literary taste has matured ; either way , these two books were not that great . The sixth one was especially aggravating ! The character development was poor ; the plot was choppy . It was as if the author was trying to minimize words , frequently giving summaries of what had just occurred , rather than allowing you to enjoy it yourself . Without spoiling , the romance aspect of this book completely failed , and was completely unbelievable . Stick with the original four and skip the latter two .
 I was totally let down when christene did n't go back for Laray ! The ending was so lame ! It 's almost like she was tired and wanted to end the series ! Poor laray I liked him better than Eric !! The whole car accident thing what is that ??? Not worth the money . And all elizabeth does is worry worry worry !
 ` Aliens Invade Earth ' is probably one of the most prevalent story ideas in the history of science fiction . At this point in time , an author had better have some new twist to the subject and write it well in order to justify going down this well worn path . Unfortunately , Mr. Dietz 's twist is n't good enough for me to recommend it to others . ` Earthrise ' is the sequel to ` Deathday . ' I 'd received ` Earthrise ' as a gift , discovered it was a sequel , and decided that I should see if I should buy the first book . Almost all of the reviews I read of both books rated them both at fair or poor . After reading a summary of ` Deathday ' I realized that I did n't need to read it before ` Earthrise . ' I picked up enough from the summary to know what the scene was
 I was about half way through the first book when I read the reviews on this site . I wondered why most of them were negative . Sure , the action is confined to a small part of the world , the aliens are one dimensional and the good guys are stereotypical . But , for all that , I found myself enjoying it . That was until I hit the last third of the book . At about that point , I noticed that Dietz used the phrase `` the fact that '' and `` given the fact that '' every second paragraph . It really started to bug me and I found myself mentally rewording his sentences whenever I came across that particular piece of laziness.I bought this book because I wanted to see if it was as bad as the reviews depicted . Once again I found that the story was acceptable but this time saw that Dietz continues in the same patterns he fell into at the end of his previous effort . OK , he branches out a bit and adds `` that being the case '' and `` and so it was that '' to his repetoire of stock phrases but it happens that often that I wonder if anyone bothered to read , let alone edit , his manuscript . Even the characters , human and alien alike , start saying `` the fact that '' and `` given that '' by about half way through the book . It happens that often that I began to wonder if it was some sort of joke.Aside from the poorly written nature of this series , the one thing that annoyed me more than anything else was this
 I bought this book because I bought the first book -LRB- yeah , I know not a real good excuse -RRB- . You have the evil Sauron , which are basically beetles on steroids , The Ra Na , which a furry little dwarfs and a collection of human refugees.Humanity has been reduced to 3 billion souls . The only kind of religious fever that could survive in this apocalyptic world are white racists.Most of the action is confined to a revolt on the rbiting fleet and what remains of Washington State . -LRB- I do n't know what happened to the rest of the world , but the last time I checked there were people in Asia , Africa and Europe -RRB- . Of course , the bugs -LRB- as they are called -RRB- have a weakness , and the good guys manage to wipe them out.There are good aliens-invade-the-earth-and mankind-wipes-them-out books , this just was n't one of them .
 This has to be one of the worst science fiction books ever written . The plot and the characters are pathetic . Powerful aliens virtually wipe out the human race and destroy all semblence of infrastructure . Under the very noses of the technologically superior aliens a few survivors are able to organize a rebellion and overthrow the aliens.The attempt at a social message in the book is so clumsy and heavy handed as to be almost comical . The dialog of the characters as they interact frequently borders on moronic . I did n't read the first book which reportedly was worseor I certainly would n't have purchased Earthrise . This is one author I wo n't consider for future reading .
 As the sequel to DEATHDAY , EARTHRISE does you a favor if you have n't read the previous book . The first chapter summarizes the entire first book quickly and -LRB- as much as possible -RRB- painlessly . Readers are encouraged to skip the first book and read the second only.Earth 's teeming millions -- at least the ones in Washington and Guatemala -- have been decimated by the alien invasion on Feb 28 , 2020 . The surviving humans are either crazy environmentalists , psycho racists , unwashed slaves , or leaders of the resistance.Time is running out as the aliens ' metamorphosis approaches , when they must die hatching the next generation . The rebel humans and aliens discovered the secret in the last book , now they have their chance to exploit it . Their approach is three-pronged
 I had thought DEATHDAY was the worst sci-fi book ever written until I read the conclusion . The story could be compelling -LRB- alien invasion , resistance -RRB- but it devolves into a clumsy pleading on race , multiculturalism and the evil West . The aliens are so humanlike as to be non-alien and virtually the entire story takes place on the West coast ; it 's as if the rest of the world vanishes.The plot is almost as bad as the characters . Aliens and humans fight each other and themselves . The location switches could make one dizzy as they move with the logic of drunk
 Mixed race relationships are a big issue today . The recent imbroglio over Sen. Strom Thurmond 's half Black daughter reveals the interest in the subject . Professor Randall Kennedy 's book , however , is simply a string of stories that already have been told . Although well written , the book lacks a common thread and it reads like a lengthy monologue about interracial relationships . I find Rachel Moran 's book Interracial Intimacy , with which I do not agree with on many points , much more thoughtful , enlightening , and challenging intellectually . Unlike Kennedy , Moran looks well beyond Black/white relationships . In this way , Kennedy appears to have been caught in a time warp .
 I am not afraid to look the reality of colorism in the eye and acknowledge that it does exist within the black community . It is my greatest hope and dream that someday the dark skinned black and the light skinned black will be seen as the one family in the future . I want so much to love the lightskinned sister and brother as my own reflection and not be divided from them or made to feel that one is treated better than the other , but sadly , that day is not here and this book bravely and powerfully illustrates that point to the fullest.I am a medium brown colored woman , my mother was very dark skinned and I have witnessed the evils of skin color prejudice all my life . In most situations , it was Black Men who were prejudiced against myself and the women around me beccause of our coloring . These men felt no shame or limit in their racist intra-family prejudice and measured their entire lives by how many light skinned or white women they could attain and how light brite their children could come out . It 's everywhere and anyone who denies it is both a fool and a liar.That is why I highly recommend THE BLACKER THE BERRY by Wallace Thurman . There is no truer portrait of the self-hatred among our people than the one extolled in this book , and what makes it even sadder is that this book was written in the 1920 's . So that only shows how deep this kind of evil runs.Lately , I have become very interested in this subject and I have searched for other books that explore this subject with intelligence , honest , beauty and wisdom and I have found several that I consider to be classics on the subject of Colorism . -LRB- 1 -RRB- MARITA GOLDEN 'S book `` Do n't Play In the Sun '' is definitely the most modern up to date book of the bunch . It expertly weaves the story of her life experiences in the 1960 's Black Power movement with the current struggles of women like Serena Williams and India Arie to find their way in the world , even in the midst of being shunned and ignored by the black community itself . The book 's analysis of the Hollywood casting system and the `` Mulatto Follies '' of BET and MTV is priceless . -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` The Bluest Eye '' by TONI MORRISON is by far the most riveting and painful book that I have read on this subject of colorism . I believe that her book , more than any mother , gets to the psychological and historical root cause of the problem and exposes the mode in which we pass the problem on generation to generation . The destruction of an innocent black girl named Pecola Breedlove will leave you heartbroken and shocked as you see the bold naked truth unfold right before your eyes . You ca n't ignore this book , because the story being told is the one that you are all too familiar with no matter what color you are . -LRB- 3 -RRB- `` Flesh and the Devil '' by African novelist KOLA BOOF is another deeply powerful book that examines colorism , but not out in the open . This book is unique in that it focuses on a very enchanting love story between a Black Prince and Princess and follows their reincarnations through history as they struggle to find their way back to each other . Through detailed moments in black history , both in Africa and the United States , the provocative author highlights the way that black people originally viewed their beauty and humanity and then juxtuposes it against the way they see themselves now in the modern world . The result is nothing less than devastating . I love this book so much , because the storytelling is so rich and the depth is so sweeping and grand . Anyone who loves good writing and is proud to be descended from the Black race will find themselves literally changed forever by the powerful images depicted in this very poetically moving story . -LRB- 4 -RRB- `` The Color Complex '' -- VARIOUS AUTHORS , is a very simple , straight forward analysis from a sociological point of view . Much research and statistical facts are used to illustrate that our communities are infested with these issues . -LRB- 5 -RRB- `` The Darkest Child '' by Dolores Philips is another great novel that shows us the poor blacks who live under the poverty line ingesting these complex social hierarchies based on color and how they not only expose their children to them , but force the entire community to live by the `` color code '' . Everybody is used to it from slavery and the system goes on and on unchallenged . In this book , Tangy Mae , the darkest of 10 children by the white-looking mother Rozelle , struggles to find her dignity and confidence in the midst of her evil light skinned mother inflicting one horrid abuse on top of the other . One thing I will say for the evil white-looking mother , Rozelle , is that she treated all of her children hiddeously and with contempt , from the whitest to the blackest . But she killed the child who was born looking like Tangy Mae and that spoke volumnes . This book is a very real metaphor for what goes on . Very real .
 This seller sent me a copy , this book has no table of contents , it is clear which is a copy and not an original book !
 Not impressed . The print of the text is smudged . I did not find this book useful . I have been practicing civil engineering hydrologic design for 32 years , and I thought I had found a catch-all handbook .
 I 'd like to preface my review with 2 facts it would be prudent to remember while reading this review :1 . I am by no means a poetry expert or professional . At best I 'm a poetry enthusiast .2 . I have not written an amazon review in 5 years and I buy 50 ~ items from amazon each year.This CD is a complete and utter atrocity.It is vicious death to the works of an exquisite poet who in my opinion - deserves better.My fascination with Tennyson is a pretty straightforward one.Tennyson muses on concepts like honour , truth and duty.Being an ex-soldier myself I find it easy to relate to those concepts.And Tennyson 's writes so superbly one must be stupefied when first reading his works.I 've been eagerly expecting a collected audio CD of Tennyson 's works for years now.When I got this CD I was excited as a 6 year old would be on Christmas/Hanuka/whatever morning.However , this CD butchers Tennyson 's works so cruelly I can not remain silent.It is by far the worst reading of Tennyson 's works I 've ever heard.I gargle things when I brush my teeth that sound better than this.Reading poetry is more than just about having a good projective voice and a British accent.It 's about providing the listener with an experience , an understanding of the text , of a shared voyage.Tennyson 's poems are being read like one would read a restaurant menu.The pronunciation is abysmal , the pace of reading is atrocious and I just ca n't relate to it on a personal level.Honestly , I 've listened to every online reading of Tennyson 's works.All of those free youtube videos far surpass this audio book.My recommandation to you is to avoid buying this CD.And if you do buy this CD - make sure to burn it once you 're done . Otherwise you 'll be tempted for a replay and than the true horribleness of this CD really sinks in.I 've never imagined anyone could actually demolish `` The Charge of the Light Brigade '' or `` Ulysses '' like this CD has .
 I think the book is excellent -LRB- I own it in hard copy already -RRB- , but the publisher and Amazon are doing the customer a disservice by charging a premium price for a product with multiple formatting problems on every page . Where is the quality control ?
 As a longtime fan of Gore Vidal I was disappointed in this latest work of his . I have read most of his work in recent times and have even given his books as gifts to friends , but this latest effort is not up to Vidal 's usual high standard . The literary essays are fine and in several instances wonderful . However in the political essays there was a sameness about them collectively that seemed to render them shrill and unreadable . It is not the content that I object to , merely the repetition . There is only on essay on politics in this volume and Vidal has repackaged it several times , reheating and serving it up again and again .
 Gore Vidal , clearly one of the great essayists of our time , a wonderful man to read . He speaks to the best iun us and one must be educated to fully comprehend his literary indulgences . Unfortunatly for all his grandeur this publication is mostly flawed . its essays ont he Japanese intentions in WWII , its view of Islam and his biased , illogical hateed of the Republicans and his view of Americas role in the world are all flawed.Nevertheless I recommend this book to anyone interested in reading a fair and intellegent critique of the conservative agenda . Most of illogical trash that documents Americas sopposed obessesion with dominating the world is not worth the reading . Pick up Gore 's book but I would recommend bringing along some other sources so you can better be academically equipped to rebut Mr. Gores comments .
 A book written to the planter 's purpose . Not even close to being a genuine Afro American experience . The language is dumbed down . A white person wrote it and someone altered the text to sound stupid ... a real insult to the people -- written in black-face .
 For as long as I can remember , I would ready whatever was in print and crossed my hands . Even read romances and women 's beauty mags if nothing else was available . But the ebook , was to dull . I dropped it after 10 minutes and started playing with my HTC .
 I 'm a huge Nora Roberts fan , but this is the worst romance novel I have ever read , and that is saying a lot . This is the kind of romance novel that gives romance novels a bad name -LRB- minus the bodice ripping and sex - this one has no sex . At all . -RRB- Originally published in 1984 , but republished in 2003 , Sullivan 's Woman features a moody jerk of an artist and a completely innocent dreamer of a writer . Of course she 's stunningly beautiful , so he must paint her . Over the two months of their sitting she manages to fall completely in love with him , but heck if I can figure out why . So far as I can tell , they did n't actually talk and he just yells at her a lot . In the very final chapter we find out that he ca n't live without her and they live happily ever after . What ? Huh ? This is exactly the stereotype of a romance that makes everyone think they are all crap . Spoiler
 There was n't the typical depth to the characters that I 'm used to from Ms Roberts . I have loved almost every other book I 've read that she has written , so this was a disappointment . I 'm glad I did n't pay that much for it . It had a decent story line , and it moved along at a decent pace , but again , the characters just were n't up to par . I understand that this is a reprint of a book written in the 80 's , and you can tell how well Ms Roberts has evolved in her writing technique .
 Cassidy St. John is out of work and is thrilled by artist Colin Sullivan 's offer to pay her for modeling for a portrait . He treats her terribly throughout the whole book and then wants to marry her in the end , because he is haunted by her face . I doubt anyone would fall for such an abusive , domineering man in real life.Excerpt from the back of the book : `` Fired from yet another job , Cassidy St. John hardly expected the solution to her difficulties to come looming out of the fog on Fisherman 's Wharf . However , the darkly handsome Colin Sullivan seemed the answer to any maiden 's prayers.When Colin offered Cassidy a job modeling for one of his paintings , it seemed her troubles were over - but one look at his blue eyes and Cassidy knew they were just beginning . How could she hide from the pitiless honesty of Colin 's artistic vision when with every stroke of his brush he exposed her love for him ? ''
 Written in the early 1980s , I would guess that Roberts was just getting her feet wet in the land of romance writing . But spend your money on her later stuff instead , I wish I had . -LRB- And I love a lot of her work . -RRB-
 I gave the book two stars because I did actually finish the book but that says more about my desperation for something to read than the `` interest holding power '' of this Nora `` Light '' book . Definitely an early work , it is the first time I found absolutely nothing to like about her hero . And how can you like a heroine who would fall in love with someone who does nothing but snap , snarl , and bite at her ?
 Set in San Francisco , Cassidy St. John is a writer working minimum wage jobs -LRB- and writing her second book -RRB- while waiting for her first manuscript to be accepted somewhere . Since she 's between jobs , she agrees to model for world-renowned artist Colin Sullivan . Colin was born in Ireland and has lived in the U.S. since he made it big fifteen years ago . They fall in love.I pretty much did n't like anything about this story , especially how dated it is . Cassidy says no and he ignores her ? He shakes her , manhandles her , grabs her by the hair ? Maybe that was cool in the 80 's -LRB- not in MY world , it was n't -RRB- but why reissue this mess ? Why ? This book should NOT have been republished without a major updating .
 This short story is n't worth the paper it 's printed on . I only happended to buy it because of the Golden Gate Bridge on the cover . The book was very weak in plot development , character depth , scene descriptions , etc. . Cassidy and Colin - the two romantic leads - could have been developed much more if the book was longer and the writing stronger . I think the publishers are just cashing in on something Roberts penned in high school - the writing is pretty bad . Save yourself the time and money and buy a more recent Roberts book .
 I have to agree with most of the previous reviews ... this book is one of Ms. Roberts first attempts at romance and it does fall short in many ways . I wish the characters of Cassidy and Colin had been better developed for the reader to get more enjoyment out of the story .
 I love Emma Holly 's historical romance novels , so I was hoping for something special here . No such luck . By two thirds through the book I just had to put it down ; reading it had become a chore.The setting is the part of the book that really fails . It 's supposed to be Victorian England combined with aliens and modern technology . People have absurdly prudish views about what is proper in this world -LRB- but you 'll have to infer them - the author never really explains any of it -RRB- . At the same time , it 's sort of a futuristic society where people live alongside a bunch of aliens called Yama who have brought with them some technology that looks mostly like modern technology . Unfortunately , these two aspects of the setting just cancel each other out rather than combining to form something interesting . Most of the time I just could n't figure it out.The Victorian social mores of the time are supposed to be the driving force behind the characters ' actions , and yet they never really made any sense . The minute that Adrian and Roxanne meet they are torn between desire and the knowledge that they can never be together because Roxanne is not a suitable lady . Adrian is worried that associating with her will hurt his career . But it took me half the book to figure out why Adrian thought she was n't suitable , and even then it did n't seem like that big a deal . Apparently painters were not considered proper . And Adrian wants a promotion at work , and his boss might not give it to him if he finds out he 's been sleeiping with Roxanne . I kept asking , `` So what ? So what if he does n't get a promotion ? So what if his mother does n't like her ? So what if she 's a painter ? '' It was a non-conflict . And frankly , Adrian seemed like a bit of a wimp . Sort of a mama 's boy . A `` proper Victorian gentleman . `` The Yamish implants that give him some special power also do n't add a thing to the story . On top of the Victorian morals , which are never really explained in a way that is convincing , there is some kind of social taboo about having the Yamish implants . Could n't quite figure out what that was about . So basically this book is about two characters worrying constantly about a complex social system that the reader does n't know anything about . Maybe there was more to the book in the second half . I was so bored and annoyed after a while that I just could n't keep reading.I think it might have been better if the setting had been Victorian England , and had been fleshed out to the point where the plot made sense . The alien aspect did n't add a thing to the book -LRB- except confusion -RRB- . As for eroticism or romantic tension , there did n't seem to be any . No explanation at all for why Roxanne and Adrian are so consumed by desire the first time they glimpse each other . Adrian seemed totally repressed , and that seemed to be the main focus . I found it boring .
 Emma Holly conveys a sexual freedom in her work that is addictive and luscious ! This was not one of her better works . The sex became monotonous and extremely `` not-special '' , the flip-flopping of the main character was pathetic ad-nauseum , there was no substantial action or secondary situations to hold interest and I found myself just not caring what happened ... . because , Duh ! You KNOW they will end up together with a baby in the end anyway ... . so the `` how '' just did n't matter . This is the first time I have ever been able to let a book go without finishing it . I found Sherrilyn Kenyon 's Born of Fire MUCH more interesting and satisfying .
 Just like the title says ... thinly veiled soft porn under a very weak layer of fantasy . She should write for the skin magazines and not even be considered an author in the SF&F genre .
 Demon 's daughter is the story of Adrian Phillips , a police officer in an alternate London where demon-like creatures called Yama run the show and humanity are pretty much in league with the Yamish or alternatively their lunch.Frankly , while I found the story descriptive , this novel did n't really rock my boat . Why ? The authors attempts at erotic tension fell flat for me . The two main characters are in such a state of arousal when they first meet I 'm surprised they can walk . This state seems to continue throughout the book to a ludicrous degree . What the author considered ` exciting ' and ` erotic ' frankly just made me groan.Also , I was bored with the whole orphan subplot . Not a big fan of kiddies in my romance novels . Yes we get it . The heroine is a saint for looking after two orphans . Can we get back to the main story now?Sorry , I hate to go against the tide which is obviously a very popular novel , but Demon 's Daughter bored me and I found the ` erotic tension ' ludicrous . 1 Star .
 I 'm a big fan of urban fantasy books , and I do get what the author was trying to achieve with this one , it just did n't hit the mark with me . The introduction of a race of `` demons '' who have already developed a whole modern society with modern inventions into the human world of Victorian Era England is an interesting premise and I do give the author credit for such a different plot . But , that aspect of it really fell flat for me . It almost seemed like the modern technologies were there only as a convenience to the author . How is a demon diplomat going to contact his prince in the demon world ? I 've got it ! I 'll just give him a video conferencing machine . Need to hold the heroine against her will ? Just say there 's some kind of `` device '' that can be put on the door to magically keep people out and muffle all sounds coming from the room . Want an erotic bathtub scene ? Just give the heroine a modern bathroom . You do n't have to explain how she could afford to come by such technology , it 's fantasy afterall . Yes , I get it . It 's fantasy . But , for me , fantasy has to also make some sort of sense , and most of this did n't at all.Now , it could be that the whole thing did n't work for me because I just did n't care for the author 's writing style at all . It seemed kind of juvenile in a way . In many parts , I felt like I was reading a YA book , and not a sophisticated adult urban fantasy . I agree with those who 've said the sex scenes were a bit much . Not that I have a problem with sex scenes ... I love a good sex scene . But , these just seemed over the top . The dialogue seemed out of place , not only in the sex scenes , but throughout the book . I can almost get behind the idea of modern technology in Victorian England because of the plot the author devised , but Victorian characters using modern dirty talk ? Again , seemed out of place . Even if they can now use modern appliances , they 're still Victorian era characters and should talk that way.So , bottom line for me was that although the premise of this book was interesting and had promise , the execution left a lot to be desired .
 I really enjoyed this book when I read it for the first time in tenth grade . Looking back on it , however , I see it now as a bit ... well , a bit childish . The world of thoughts and opinions is much deeper than the bottom of a coffee cup.It seems now , even then as I was reading the book in tenth grade , that Phillips has oversimplified complex matters . His whole philosophy , as put forth in this book , could be summarized easily in one sentence
 this book is very cute but does not have any real substance . the idea to travel around and discuss philosphy is beautifull but if you are looking to read a book that will help you venture deeper into philosphy , this is not it . the book has some nice , fluffy conversations . the main idea of the book could have been summed up in a page , which is `` ask more questions . '' so if you are looking to read something in line of `` zen and art of motorcycle maint . '' this is not it but if you are looking to read a easy to read , fluffy book about philosphy then go for it.Also , at times this book gets way to idealistic without any regards to true facts of life that human beings have to deal with . I mean , can a person with a family and kids travel around discussing philosphy without getting paid for it?can a person quit their job and go pursue their dreams -LSB- as the book suggests -RSB- without any regard to taking care of their families ? way too idealistic at times !!!!
 In my opinion this book only has an attractive title . I so wanted to hear the opinions of the Socrates Cafe people but the freelance journalist writer was more focused to reveal what was revealed a thousand or more times by now in other books . At least he 's got his book published and that must be some sort of achievement .
 Though this book may seem for the `` common people '' , it is really a waste of money . I think Socrates would be embarrased to have his name on a book of a sophist .
 The Socrates Cafe is a poorly written book . Christopher Phillips was to busy using fancy words to realize that the reader has to spend 15 seconds on words just to pronounce them correctly . I like his ideas but he came up short putting them into words ! Using fancy language is not always a good thing . The best writing is writing that is clear and precise .
 That 's a pretty `` interesting '' thing for Phillips to say , at least.And , the real Socrates -LRB- read I.F. `` Izzy '' Stone 's `` The Trial of Socrates '' -RRB- is n't waht Phillips accepts him as . Phillips does admit in passing that Socrates was pretty much an anti-democrat . -LRB- That 's what got him convicted ; ignoring the Athenian civic gods - not the Olympians - was the official legal entree for that . -RRB- But , Phillips does n't query the Platonic figure any more . -LRB- He also does n't tell you that the Socrates who briefly gets written up in Aristophanes was purely for comedic value . -RRB- This gets to Socrates ' battles against Protagoras and other Sophists.Phillips accepts at face value the Platonic winner-written history that the Sophists were elitists.Actually , if anybody in this issue was an elitist , it was Socrates . He did , as Phillips alluded Socrates could do at times , have preconceived stances -LRB- think Jesus vs. Pharaisees -RRB- and his `` socratic dialog '' was often rhetorical.Since Athens had no lawyers , and you had to argue your own civil - and criminal - cases , skill in rhetoric was invaluable . And offering to the hoi polloi was egalitarian.This book might halfway deserve a 3-star , but , if Phillips ca n't get his own protagonist correct , and does n't care to try , it does n't deserve more than two stars .
 I got this book as a present from a friend who knows me very well . He knew this kind of book would interest me and as a matter of fact I was very exited and could hardly wait to start reading it . I am share the authors ideas about DOING philosophy instead of writing long , unreadable analytic essays about esoteric topics which are far from what philosophy SHOULD be about.My first sense of disappointment started upon reading the authors introduction . Phillips says more than once he does not want to be a Guru , or to tell people how to live their lives , but unfortunately that is exactly what he does -LRB- try replacing the term ` Socrates cafe ' in the introduction by the term ` meditation ' and see what you get ... -RRB- . However , my enthusiasm for the ` concept ' of the book made me overlook this issue and keep on reading . However it did n't last long enough to get me through the book . Eventually I did not finish reading it . It could be interesting having a philosophical discussion in different and ` original ' contexts , however it is non-the-less important to have a discussion worth reading - i.e. saying something more than the obvious . I think Phillips understands this point , and this is the reason he did not write down a log of his conversations.The few discussions I read were all superficial . They raised a few questions regarding the topic at stake , but never took more than the first step in understanding even the question itself . I admit my disappointment could be a matter of my high expectations from it , and from thinking it is not just another trivial ` introduction to philosophy ' book - because as such it may be very interesting.Maybe I will get to reading the end of the book someday , and maybe that day I would understand that I missed the whole point of the book , and it was I being superficial and not the book , but till that day arrives my disappointment from the book remains ...
 Fresh ?? I got such an impression of the writer 's ego from this book as to be absolutely unbearable . If you are like me , in constant search of enlightenment , you will not find it here .
 `` Socrates Cafe '' delivers some of the essentials of philosophy , but not without a complete obsession on Socrates and his method . Unfortunately there is no detailed history of his life or works , simply little hints at his identity . Phillips instead attempts to frame Socrates in his own light , and his writing becomes repetitive and dull , even with the varied tales of philosophical discussion . The characters all seem to be the same
 I was grievously disappointed with A MAIDEN 'S GRAVE , especially after reading THE BONE COLLECTOR . Certain weak premises are unforgiveable - such as frequent the use of the word `` stoat '' by numerous characters , including the deaf ones and their interpreters , when a sign-language interpretation of that word would be automatically translated to `` weasel '' . This is Kansas , not England ! All the characters are poorly-defined and broadly unsympathetic , except the smallest children who are barely more than props shaken at the reader like helpless puppies . The `` suspense '' in this book left me feeling dirty and voyeuristic .
 Having read Bone Collector and Coffin Dancer before I read this one ... I expected more . I am happy that this was not my first Deaver novel , I may not have read anymore of his works !! The story was weak and slow .
 Vulgar , violent and tasteless . I regret wasting my time and money on this book . Jeffrey Deaver will not be included in my library .
 I know this book got a lot of good reviews , but I would give it 2Stars . I found that the hostage plot made the novel a chore to read . Perhaps my opinion is this way because I prefer a good murder mystery when the killer/s are completely unknown . Do n't get me wrong , there was a twist at the end , but not a big one . A good novel for anyone interested in long hostage negotiations , otherwise try something else .
 I 'm a big fan of Jeffrey Deaver 's Lincoln Rhyme series and eagerly picked up A Maiden 's Grave . Unfortunately , this novel simply is n't the same calibre of the Rhyme books.The plot involves the kidnapping of several young deaf girls who are held hostage at an old slaughterhouse in Kansas . The main character in the book is Arthur Potter , an FBI hostage negotiator ; he 's accompanied by the standard techno-geek , the mousey assistant who faithfully logs info on the bad guys , and the stunningly gorgeous ex-model assistant Angie . For fans of the Rhyme series , you 'll recognize this Amelia Sachs-clone immediately ... the only change is the hair color.The villains are interesting , but not enough is shared about them to keep this reader interested . Most of the book is spent slogging through countless scenes of tech-talk , political in-fighting , and the developing `` relationship '' between one of the deaf women and the hostage negotiator . This plotline alone strains the credibility of the book.All in all , it appears that Deaver has done his research , but the plot is hackneyed and too drawn out -- I 've even lost count of the number of times the hostage negotiation team `` bursts into applause '' at the slightest `` accomplishment '' of the hero , Potter.If you like police procedurals , read A Maiden 's Grave . If you want an engaging novel , you 'd be better off reading the Lincoln Rhyme series . And for the ultimate hostage negotiation novel , check out Robert Crais ' `` Hostage '' -- that was a phenomenal read !
 i thought the book was really good . there 's only one problemwith it and that 's the rape scene that was way to descriptive . i wishhe would n't have put that in , it spoils the book . it bothers me alot to read that kind of thing , because then i 'll have that image in mind for some time . besides that i thought the book was one of his best . it had well written character , a good plot , and not a bunch of technical terms they spend pages explaining to you . BUT had i known about the rape i would not have read it .
 In the beginning I thought this was going to be boring , but as I got into it I found it to be something that I would NOT recommend to anyone . I thought that BONE COLLECTOR was the best ...
 After reading The Bone Collector , A Maiden 's Grave was extremely disappointing . The hostages were not very strong characters and spent the majority of their time either crying or feeling sorry for themselves . Characters like that certainly make it difficult to stick with any book.The only interesting portions of the book were that of the hostage negotiator himself , how he negotiated with the hostage taker -LRB- s -RRB- and the internal politics that he comes up against and confronts while trying to do his job.The book does take a surprising turn at page 376 which makes the reader feel semi-rewarded for sticking with the first 375 pages of a ho-hum storyline .
 On the plus side ... at least there was some degree of plausibility about this ... unlike the twists of plot amply illustrated in many of Rhymes tales ... . Watchmaker ... yes , I 'm talking about you . Now let 's discuss the ideas explored here . Imagine if you will a co-worker at - let 's say - the bank where you work . He 's a middle aged male , look a lot like Deaver and after work during a few beers he starts a conversation that goes '' ... have any of you ever imagined hijacking a bus full of deaf girls , some as young as 8 , and torturing and killing them ? ... maybe holding them captive in a blood soaked slaughterhouse ? ... maybe raping their teacher ? '' ... OK , now who would think a -RRB- this guy is sick and I 'll be staying well away from him in future or b -RRB- this guy should be a millionaire because that was a most entertaining discussion ? Finally ... although I saw it coming ... I hoped he would n't do it ... but yep , he created a love interest between middle aged flabby Arthur and young vibrant Melanie , whose infatuation with him is based on a fantasy that he 's Abbe L'Epee who died in 1789 . And may I add she 's giving him the come on a matter of hours after the villain was holding a knife to her virgin genitals . Yeah , that 'd put you in the mood .
 I was excited to begin this book , as I had read `` The Bone Collector '' and loved it . After I got into `` A Maiden 's Grave '' I found myself searching for any periodical to read to avoid finishing `` Grave '' . Deaver does a great job with narrative , making you feel as if you were there . The problem was that the plot dragged on and on . I felt like shouting `` let 's be done with this , already ! '' There also seemed to be a sense of hopelessness that pervaded the storyline - that does n't make for enjoyable reading .
 This book did not hold my interest at all . I was going to try to get through the whole thing , but halfway through , I found myself skipping paragraphs to get to `` the good stuff '' . But , there was no `` good stuff '' . Not recommended !!!!
 I just received my book yesterday . Upon looking through it , I was quite disappointed . I expected a book `` for the vegetarian gourmet '' to use mostly fresh ingredients . The majority of the soup recipes -LRB- and several other recipes throughout the book -RRB- use boullion instead of vegetable stock made from fresh vegetables . In addition , while `` Boboli Pizza '' is quick and easy , I do not consider it to be a gourmet recipe . The recipes in this book are quick and simple , and a lot of them look fairly tasty , but I think it is a stretch for the author to call them gourmet .
 `` Warren Buffet '' , `` Mr. Benson '' , etc. . Give me a break . This author has people going to individual blogs , especially those that are centrist or conservative in origin , and spamming their comments sections with pseudo-testimonials . Seems like a rather pathetic way to sell a Chicken Little , doom-and gloom , progressive , arab-apologist tome by a State Department flunky . As I can see , many would appear to be gobbling up the tripe !
 Crimes of the RightHer novels are well plotted but seriouslyflawed by scores of typos , misspellings anderrors in diction and grammar . I stopped counting these at 100
 Arthur Ashe made many fine contributions to America , but this is n't one of them . Not up to the standard set by the other books in the series .
 This is the only book I read where I thought the characters would need a divorce attorney before the end of the year .
 This is a disappointing book of epic proportions.This book spans , literally , thousands upon thousands of years of Krynn history . What dozens of books covered before , this book tries to cram in a couple hundred pages . A what cost ? The space to add critical aspects of writing such as pacing , detail , characterization , etc.The dragons are all identical . Not a single dragon has its own personality . We are told by the narrator that some are selfish , or rash , or compassionate , but we never see this in the dragon 's actions . Many of the dragons , in fact , do the opposite . Most of them show themselves to be foolish , stupid , and hopelessly naive , even after they have been world-wise and battle-hardened by centuries of life on Krynn . As a nitpick , all the dragons go by their human use name , despite never knowing humans.The evil dragons are completely over the top . If you enjoy layered , complicated villains with unique personalities , motivations , and a personal history , you will not find it here . The evil dragons are just evil , with no reason for it , and it is only violent evil
 Started off well . Then , went down hill . It did n't focus on characters , made it boring . Tried to fit too much plot into a small book . It did n't work .
 This novel takes on the incredibly difficult task of covering the history of Krynn from the perspective of both the chromatic and metallic dragons in a three hundred page novel . I am sure like other Dragonlance fans , the unique insight of the dragons that lived and fought through the First and Second Dragon Wars and the War of the Lance was a welcome supplement . The author however , could not have given the topic justice unless he constructed a thousand page tome for the immense time span . As it was , I felt as if I was reading bulletpoints . The author allowed me to develop contempt for the villans but the climaxes came too quickly . The sudden death of major characters left me dry and wanting . The romance you are supposed you build with a character and the crooked grin one gets when the villian finally meets their end or tinge of heartache when a hero tragically dies is missing from this novel . Sadly , the author could only work with what he was provided and was forced to move on and tell us of the continuing saga of the fallen victim 's progeny . Douglas Niles is a talent author , but I think any writter would have struggled to fit 10,000 years of history and three wars into a three hundred page book . With that said I would only recommend this book to those who are fans and quite familliar with the Dragonlance world and who has aleast read the Chronicles Trilogy and the Legend of Huma .
 utter filth . not worth it . did not like the use of periods.its as if the writer was making fun of poor people .
 The picture that was shown as the book was a newer addition . The book I was sent was a much older edition-22yrs . I was disappointed . It was also written in .
 depressing . -LRB- Ha -RRB- really , though , i just ca n't imagine anyone wanting to put themselves through that kind of hell everyday . i think that we need to spend more time reading the many powerful novels that are out there - ones that let us laugh , cry and celebrate all the aspects of life 's ups and downs . i think the book was written in the best intentions and with a true desire to share and help another individual and commend the author for sharing difficult times and pointing to faith based values for salvation . we could all use more of that in the world , but it just struck me as TOO , well , maybe boring is a good word , ... wallowing . i saw a lot of wallowing . also , all the separateness and disconnection may have been too much . it just does n't feel healthy . probably said like a co-dependent , right ?!!
 I did n't read this book , I did n't keep the book -LRB- paperback -RRB- because I did n't save the package it came in and did n't know who I had chosen to order it from and it did n't cost enough for me to make a fuss over . I was so surprised when I looked at the book , it was dirty , the pages were nasty dirty . It was the first time I had received such . I believe I threw it away.Sorry I have been so long responding my life has been exhausting . Janice
 The book that I ordered was for a friend . When I ordered it the rating of it 's condition was good ; the book arrived in `` outwardly '' good condition but when I opened it there was a very personal and romantic inscription written inside the jacket . It seems to me that the seller A. reduced the rating/price and B. Checked the book more throroughly.At that point it was too much trouble to go through the return/refund so I made a joke about the cover in my inscription to my friend and gave it to her.One other problem
 The reason why i i put hate for my review is because i received the wrong book . I wasnt going to say anything but because you sent me this well here u go . I will never order another thing from your sight again . You didnt even let me know you were sending the wrong item , sorry i ever used your site
 I recieved the wrong book . I recieved an older book . Sorry , but that 's what happen . Amzon send the wrong book .
 Yes , I 'm a hard-line 12-stepper who knows from experience ... mine and others ... that the 12-step program will `` work if you work it '' ... and it `` wo n't if you do n't '' . If a person 's still looking for `` softer easier ways '' to keep from putting in the necessary due diligence , to live a life that 's free from delusion and disillusionment ... and crutches ; go ahead and keep grabbing at straws and twigs ... but , it might be best accompanied by a willingness to try and `` fake it til you make it '' and see the light of reality is n't another train at the end of the proverbial tunnel . Go join a tough-love group of 12-steppers and be thankful that you `` qualify '' to join one ... it 's still that same simple program that will work on the most `` hopeless '' among us . It 's the only one that will . `` Just Do It '' . I bought this book to send to someone , but after reading the back cover , upon its arrival , I was sorry I 'd ordered it . I 'm having to pay to return it . . but the alternative was to `` re-sell '' it ; and , I 've never been able to , nor wanted to sell , something I did n't believe it.This is just a shamelessly glorified pad , for broken crutches ; further enabling some poor soul , to cling to false promises.Get to a meeting ... find a tough sponsor , who actually cares !
 HAS ANYONE NOTICED ... ITS ALOT OF GOD BEING USED IN THIS BOOK , BUT NO BIBLE VERSES TO REFER THEM TO . WHAT KIND OF A PERSON WHAT PUBLISH A BOOK LIKE THAT ? WHY IS SHE TRYING TO DECEIVE US ? WHAT IS HER TRUE INTENTIONS ? THE 12 STEP PROGRAM . AND CONNECTING . 2 DIFFERENT LANUGUAGES . DONT WALK AWAY - -LRB- RUN AWAY -RRB- FROM THIS BOOK . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOU MIND . BUY A DIFFERENT BOOK . AND ANYONE THAT LIKES THIS BOOK . I WOULD HATE TO HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH YOU . IF YOU CAN GRASP WHAT I JUST WROTE . JUST BEING HONEST .
 Never received the books . Second time this has happened . Do n't Order from Amazon .
 Not what I expected it to be . More religious than I prefer and definately works with the AA platform which was n't what I wanted .
 This reads like 1,000 other articles that I have read in women 's mags at the dentist 's office . If you have never been to the dentist , or the doctor , or if you have never thumbed through a magazine while waiting in line at the grocery store , then hurry
 The tone of this book struck me as all wrong . I think deep down this woman is very selfish and self-centered , although she pretends to be concerned about others . She repeats herself often , and this book is simply not funny . I have a good sense of humor , but I did n't laugh even once . All of the other reviews go on about how funny this book is . I simply do n't get it .
 This book is complete fluff . Do n't get me wrong , I like fluff as much as the next gal , but this is not even amusing fluff . It 's just words on the page .
 I found this book to be repetitive and boring . I bought it because I thought it would make me laugh , but I never reallycracked a smile . It does not contain a hint of originality .
 After reading this book it becomes obvious why the author is , as the blurb says , `` the veteran of many break-ups . ''
 Legalize It , and read this book . The two together are a winner . The book alone is not worth it . But together , the two are a match made in heaven for the matchless on earth .
 I made a terrible mistake with `` the Girls ' Guide , '' giving itto my daughter , who is in the sixth grade . The book containscasual references to sex and drugs that are not appropriatefor girls of my daughter 's age . I wish I had read it first.I do n't think much of the book anyway , but do not make mymistake . The Girls ' Guide is not for girls .
 I found this book to be repetitive and boring . I bought it because I thought it would make me laugh , but I never reallycracked a smile . It does not contain a hint of originality .
 Fooled you ! It was n't really Colonel Mustard who killed me . It was boredom . Excruciatingly painful , death-inducing boredom ! Before you too fall victim to this evil killer , buy a different book . As for Marnie Quinn whose review is `` spotlighted '' above , I 'll give you ten-to-one that she does n't really exist . Marnie Quinn is either a pseudonym for the author , or the editor , or the milkman of the author , or of the editor , or ... of Colonel Mustard for all I care . There 's no accounting for taste , but no real human being would actually find this book THAT enjoyable .
 I made a terrible mistake with `` the Girls ' Gudide '' , giving itto my daughter , who is twelve . The book containscasual references to sex and drugs which are not appropriatefor girls of my daughter 's age . I wish I had read it first.I do n't think much of the book anyway , but do not make mymistake . The Girls ' Guide is not for girls .
 The badness of this book , forces me to express myself in a higher medium . My emotions can only find proper expression in poetry : I feel sorry for the paper that was wasted.I feel sorry for the ink.I fill sorry for the money that I threw down the sink .
 This was the first Freeling book I 've read . It 's an easy read , and the characters and situations are very interesting , even engrossing . However , the book is driven by a string of highly improbable coincidences . A drunk just happens to remove the license plates from a car . The detective just happens to keep running into Lucienne on odd occasions and critical junctures . The detective just happens to be struck by a painting hanging on the victim 's wall . Lucienne just happens to be in a location where some Italians just happen to be talking about the victim 's wife , in a language Lucienne just happens to understand . The victim just happens to withhold from Lucienne his crucial conversation with his wife . Van der Valk did n't solve the mystery , the solution just happened to fall into his lap -LRB- with some loose ends that are never explained -RRB- . So after following an interesting enough tale , one is left with a strong feeling of dissatisfaction .
 Being a huge fan of Golden Age mystery fiction and also an admirer of Gypsy Rose Lee , I was very eager to read this book . I also have the film `` Lady of Burlesque '' with Barbara Stanwyck , which follows the book fairly closely and which I thorougly enjoy . However , although Gypsy Rose Lee `` stars '' in the story which involves murders among the striptease acts in an Opera House , the writing is rather uninvolving and I who read voraciously had trouble staying interested . I also confess to being rather annoyed at the petty squabbling between the women which fails to capture the friendships that also develop between women . In fact , the characterizations remain on an extremely superficial level and the few colorful instances -LRB- almost `` pre-code '' sort of moments -RRB- do not rescue the story or make it any more compelling . I found myself bored and wanting to read something else . It 's a pity , because I truly did want to like it and the premise was promising.My conclusion
 Originally written in 1941 this is about a murder at a burlesque house and a bunch of strippers involved with it . The police try to figure it out but Gypsy Rose Lee and the fellow strippers will ahve to figure it out themselves.Needlessly convoluted and pretty poorly written . What 's frustrating is that this has some well-written passages and interesting characters but then it just gets confusing and/or dull . Lee was obviously no author . It is a somewhat interesting look back at burlesque houses -LRB- which are long gone -RRB- and the people who worked them but that ca n't support the sloppy writing and confusing narrative . This was considered pretty risque back in 1941 but todays it 's tame and silly . Some people love this -LRB- look at the other reviews -RRB- but i found it pretty bad .
 This book is by far the worst proofed book I 've ever read in my life . I ca n't believe I 'm writing this as a review , because I can normally overlook a few typos . However , the typos in this book make for an almost impossible read . I ca n't believe I paid money for it .
 I had to take a look at this book just like I did Rachel Shteir 's previous book `` Striptease '' to see if the online reviews were true . Sadly , they were . Like `` Striptease '' , this book was full of typo 's and appeared poorly organized and written . One would think that Ms. Shteir would have learned from her previous book -- which also had similarly poor reviews . I wonder why Gypsy Rose Lee paired up with her . I can only guess at Ms. Shteir 's fascination with this topic
 Saw it on the bookshelf , grabbed it to buy it for my son who really liked the movie , opened it , returned it to the shelf . You do n't buy a book like that for the story -- you buy it for the story and the pictures -- it 's a book for younger children after all -- and you hope that the pictures will bring back the fond memories of seeing the story on big screen . But this book is so modestly illustrated that it seems totally unrelated to the film . Even the characters look different . All excitement and all that underwater magic are gone . ` Toy Story ' -- from the same series of Disney books -- is illustrated much better .
 Received this book as a gift for our 4-year old son . He has n't seen the movie -LRB- maybe that makes a difference ? -RRB- , but he loves the pictures and the character . Our friend thought she was buying a quality product from Disney , and so did we , until we tried to read it . I am so disappointed ! The movie may be better , but this book gives the impression that a couple of people spent half a weekend pasting together a few shots from the movie , then wrote a little descriptive text and called it a day . There are 2 major faults
 Big disappointment . The illustrations are very poor . Nothing like the computer animated graphics in the movie . The characters look like the impressionists version of those in the movie . Bruce the shark is practically unrecognizable , neither is Nemo or Dory . The story is ok , too complicated for a younger child to follow .
 I am glad we got this book from a library because now we can give it back . It does n't make sense . I think they assume that anyone reading the book has seen the movie and can fill in the blanks . But something called a storybook should have a full story.It starts with a mommy and daddy fish running into a barracuda . On the next page there is only a daddy fish . Obviously , we are supposed to infer that the mommy has been eaten . I guess they thought that saying so would traumatize preschoolers , but you can not imply things to a preschooler , they wo n't get it . My four-year-old had no idea what happened . `` Where 's the mommy fish ? Why does n't it say what happened to the mommy fish ? `` It skips back and forth and changes scenes a lot . I have not seen the movie , but I can only guess that they are trying to include references to the best parts , possibly the musical numbers , more than they are trying to follow the plot . Also , the daddy fish is later attacked by sharks then the sharks show up at the end like they 're all pals and I have no idea what happened there .
 this is one of my favorite Emerson works . It opens itself up to so much , talking about his theories of influence , precursing everything from queer theory and gender transitivity to Harold Bloom , and it is a poem , too . It 's beautiful . It offers his thoughts on the most diverse materials , gets into the most detail on his Hindu readings , gets very brave in `` Swedenborg . '' But ... for a 165-page book ? Delbanco 's intro is boring and useless . Do n't even READ it before you read the book . It 'll be like watching an educational video on yeast infections before watching a porno . The index is a kind of neat feature ; it 's cool to see how many men are mentioned how many times . For example , the most obvious ` omission ' in the book , JESUS , is mentioned only 5 times in the book , but he lurks throughout in so many ways . I love the book , but think the edition is a huge ripoff . However , it is difficult to find all these essays in one volume without buying a `` complete works '' or something , and they are ALL good and work together as a complete ` book , ' one essay building off the prior in subject and time , going from B.C. to the nineteenth century , from Plato to Napoleon and Goethe .
 Great men are those who inspire new great men into being . So Emerson understood in his seven portraits of human greatness . The poet Shakespeare and the philosopher Plato , the skeptic Montaigne and the mystic Swedenborg , the man of the world Napoleon and the writer Goethe.Of great men he said , `` Nature seems to exist for the excellent . The world is upheld by the veracity of good men
 I must urge regular readers of Matt Braun to be wary when approaching this novel . Originally published under the pen name of Tom Lord in the mid 1980 's it is what is euphemistically and erroneouly referred to as an `` adult Western `` which is to see it features copious amounts of anatomically explicit sexual couplings and is a great deal more graphic than the average Braun novelIt is part of a series featuring Pinkerton agent `` Ash Tallman `` and there are parallels between him and an earlier Braun hero `` Starbuck - both are essentially spies at work in the West tracking down the bad guys . Tallman works with a female partner , Vivien Valentine `` who shares Tallman 's bed as well as being his professional partnerThe setting is Texas in the Reconstruction era . Tallman and Valentine are called in by the governor to get to the bottom of a violent and bloody feud between two families , the Taylors and the Suttons , a feud seemingly linked to divergent loyalties during the late Civil War . The governor wants the matter rsolved before the violence escalates and becomes a state wide problem . Vivien poses as an evangelist and insinuates herself with the areas principal movers and shakers including the priapic and lustful Garwood and the prim and puritanical Giull . Tallman adopts a variety of guises including a dime novelist and a cowhand and the dynamic dup soon uncover a plot by outside factions to stir up animosity for their own pecuniary gainThis is pretty routine fare and gives the impression of a book the author wrote to order and to which Braun is not fully committed . Tallman is a pale shadow of the far livelier and more interesting StarbuckIt is the frequent and graphic sex scenes that do most to damage the book however - they are dull and unimaginatively written and seem out of place in a genre that has usually been more circumspect in its treatment of sex than have been other genres . They will reduce the books acceptability to the traditional Western reader
 I am an avid reader of many types of books . I rarely do n't finish a book that I 've started , it is like a mantra of mine . This book now goes to that tiny list - I realized over the weekend that I was avoiding reading because I knew I had to pick up this book and finish it - that is when I knew i had to give it up - Boring , boring , boring about sums it up for me - I can not find a single character that I even remotely like in this book - not one that I am interested in finding out what happened to them - Unrealistic , hard to follow -LRB- editing ? -RRB- , underdeveloped characters - you name it , this book has it -LRB- or does n't `` have it '' as the case may be -RRB- - i just can not think of another book i 've disliked this much - this is the first time I 've written a review , I just had to warn other readers
 i have read erdrich in the past . i think she is an excellent writer and one learns a great deal about the Indian culture and tragedy at the hands of the U.S. govern . but this one was too abstract and directionalless for me . it became more a struggle for me to decipher than a learning experience .
 I tried to finish this as I was captivated by one of the authors other books . I also have a commitment with myself to finish every book that I start , which I do ; this was an exception ; I got to 79 % and realized that life is too short to waste time on this kind of diatribe . There clearly are some good points but they were out weighed by far by the ...
 ... and a little less intricacy would make this a much more worthwhile read . The unsolved murder is easily solved , the coincidental events too convenient and the secret identities force one to suspend disbelief . However Erdrich weaves some wonderful characters into the story line . I wanted to learn so much more about them . I yearned for their thoughts and feelings , especially during the third quarter of the book when it seemed that nothing eventful would ever happen and I was anxious to bring this novel to a close .
 This book was off to a good start , but quickly lost my attention and interest . The main character , a former nun , meets tragedy after tragedy , and eventually assumes the identity of a young priest , sent to spread God 's word to the residents of an Indian reservation . She is so obscure , as are many of the characters in this book , and was impossible to relate to . My mom and I both read the book , as did the eight dedicated readers in my book club , and out of the ten of us , three actually finished the novel . And even those who finished did n't like it because of its confusing storyline and bizarre characters . I made it to page 100 before I threw in the towel and moved onto a different novel .
 In a few words
 My title is taken from a review of this book by the New Yorker 's Daniel Mendelsohn -- like him , I feel as though Erdrich 's much-touted `` lyricism '' and endless invocations of grand , sweeping emotions are pretty hollow , that there is n't much behind or beneath them
 My main impression of this book is that it would have made an excellent -LRB- long -RRB- magazine article or series . It seriously needed some editing to hit the highlights instead of going on and on with details . For instance , the whole storyline of the trees being razed for a parking lot , and the way the author could never fully understand it , was quite tedious . That being said , I did read an advance copy of the book , so it may have improved before publication . -LRB- I still think it would have been better as an article -RRB- This book does provide a great peek into an ordinary life , and I 've come away with a different view of certain aspects of Japan . I was surprised to learn of how the teenagers fight with their parents , and dismayed to see how much time the Japanese man spends at work instead of with his family -LRB- or anything else , for that matter -RRB- .
 This book about Japanese society is written from the point of view of an American . It is highly readable and enjoyable , but here and there are typical American 's biases . If you want to know why American 's way of living is different from Japanese 's , this is the book for you . If you want to know why Japanese 's way of living is different from Americans , look for a more intelligent book .
 Insert favorite cliche about sound and fury signifying nothing here . Kane 's book is talky like a soap opera , has idealized but unrealistic characters , and plenty of sex appeal but little in the way of an actual mystery . In fact , this particular book is evident from the first two chapters ; its conclusion surprises no one who was attentive . Language is bare , tepid . She sells millions of books . That this seems to be in contradiction with the quality of the book is a paradox I have learned to tolerate .
 Unfortunately I just did n't really like this book . I 've read all of Ms. Kane 's books to date and I feel like she should just stick to the regency genre and leave the contemporary mystery/romances alone . I 've found that in all of her contemporary novels everything just seems to work out too perfectly and the romance seems really blah.This book was horribly predictable and cliche and it left me wishing I had n't wasted the time to even pick it up . I knew right away who was stalking her and the romance part of this book seemed so contrived that it was really sad . We did n't get to become emotionally invested in these characters at all . One minute they meet , are incredibly attracted to each other -LRB- supposedly -RRB- , and are expressing their undying love for each other without any sign of internal conflict at all . The dialogue was weak and did n't flow well and the mystery was tepid at best . And the whole date , place and time at the beginning of each section was annoying and distracting and did n't help the flow of the story at all.I 'm sorry to have to give Ms. Kane a bad review because I really have enjoyed many of her regency novels but this one just did n't do it for me .
 I had a really hard time getting into this one . And that really stinks since I had it on back order for so long . For some reason , I just could n't get into it , or get a good feel for the characters . It seemed really boilerplate in places . And frankly , the ending was really obvious . I mean , it 's been done before -LRB- like just about everything else out there -RRB- . I finally skipped a good chunk of the front and moved on and was able to read the mid section . Then , when it dropped off again , I just skipped to the back . -LRB- I did go back and read those skipped sections to make sure I did n't miss anything . It was like returning to a soap opera after two years to find the exact same plot line . -RRB- Trite and obvious prose in places , this is a story that has potential but falls short of what I expect from this normally fantastic author . -LRB- sorry Miss Kane !! -RRB-
 I read this entire book , but only because I did n't have anything else to read . It 's the kind of book you could put down at any point and not miss the characters or wonder what happened to them . You know what happens to them and who did it to them almost from the very beginning . AND , you did n't really care what happened to them because they were n't likeable and you felt no sympathy.I see this author gets good reviews on many of her books , so I might try another . But I would n't buy it .
 I had to read this book for a class on the subject of free will and was appalled by Mr. Dilman 's biased account of many of the most prominent philosophers and their views on free will . The chapter on Plato is GROSSLY mistaken and wrong . Mr. Dilman constantly reads into the philosophy things which simply are not there . He is obsessed with Simone Weil and attempts to work her `` moral gravity '' into every chapter ; there is no evidence of such in Kant , Schpoenhaur or Plato despite what Mr. Dilman attempts to say . DO N'T buy this book if you are looking for an unbiased and accurate account of the history of free will .
 I was looking for a book on this subject that would bring me up to date on current thinking about the evolution of ourselves . This was an easy read that was also very informative and for me , exciting and interesting . I had not read anything on the topic for at least 10 years . The author presents very common sense theories based on many years of research that are not dependent on a story scenario to make his case -LRB- s -RRB- . The recent NOVA shows on the topic now seem a bit shallow to me after reading this . A great read .
 I did n't finish this book as the Circular Staircase characters are unbelievable . I have trouble reading a book where the older character , the Aunt , is written as having learned nothing in all her many years . She is so gullible she believes every word of her Niece & Nephew & takes the servants words at face value . I found all the characters boring . The book is confusing in that one minute the house they are at is isolated the next everyone has run off to town just blocks from the house !
 This is the worst written book I have ever read . Actually I could not even finish it . There is a comma after every other word which makes it hard to follow . You eventually do not even care anymore who did it . I can not believe it was published .
 I like gothic horror stories and stories about powerful and interesting women but this book 's scenes were a little too much-and I 'm not easily put off by such things . Do n't read ahead if you want to have the `` secrets '' of the book revealed to you while you read but if you want to know what you 're getting into read this WARNING : There were a lot of creepy sexual episodes between children and adults , between relatives , with iron maidens -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- , and they involved all kinds of combinations of sadism and voyerism . Which might sound good but it is n't , I kind of felt molested while reading this book , the sex scenes were more disturbing than erotic -LRB- a 13-year old niece using a strap-on device on her aunt for example -RRB- . Also , I thought Elizabeth Bathory would be painted as a kind of deliciously wicked woman who 's fun to hate and who you kind of have to grudgingly admire . No , she was just perverse and absolutely grotesque lacking in even basic human compassion and almost psychotic . And her descendant was bizarre , and the book had some weird fixation/obsession/fetishizing relationship with Jews . Maybe it 's an eastern European thing , I do n't know , but it all made me wish I could put the book down . I could n't , which I guess is kind of an endorsement . I would justify a lot in the name of art but this is just perverse !
 This novel starts out interestingly enough , but then seems to run out of steam . Cordrescu 's idea of linking the past -LRB- Bathory -RRB- , with present -LRB- the current problems in the Balkans as represented in the figure Drake -RRB- , is solid . But as the novel unfolds , he barely scratches the surface of possibilities . The litany of horrors -- and there are plenty -- eventually leave the reader bored . The violence and sex become gratuitous when it becomes apparent that there is no progression in the story , and that what you 're reading seems more and more like a cut and paste job . The last two hundred pages are torture -LRB- maybe that 's the point -RRB- . Still , you can find some good stretches in this book . But if you have something else on the shelf -LRB- King , Straub -- if its horror you want -RRB- , I suggest starting there .
 A surprizingly disappointing rendition of a potentially exillarating story . I have read articles and other short stories written by Godrescu , and I expected so much more ... -LRB- Good thing I did n't pay full price . -RRB- The story within story set up did n't impress me , but he could have been worked it better . Historical details were Ok , perhaps one day I 'll visit Hungary . The gory details were lacking . There was n't enough anything - not enough gore , not enough history , not enough sex , not enough horror , not enough details ; just not enough ! To the Author I say
 While Codrescu 's prose is clear and elegant , all those showy words ca n't conceal this novel 's true , trashy nature . Countess Bathory is indeed an intriguing personage , but the story of her life is contorted by Codrescu 's heavy-handed storyline and his unsuccessful attempts at weaving two disparate stories into one effective drama . The gratuitious sex and violence , while intended to be shocking , comes off as cheap , crude , and rather embarrassing . Those interested in the history of Countess Elizabeth Bathory should look elsewhere .
 I wanted to like this book . I really enjoy Codrescu 's essays on NPR , especially when they touch on topics pertaining to New Orleans , where I lived for five years . I also thought the subject matter had some potential . Unfortunately , he is trying too hard to follow in the footsteps of his fellow New Orleanian , Anne Rice . The portrayal of the countess is really unconvincing . She wants eternal youth . Ok , so ? She comes across as about as complex as the evil queen in Disney 's Snow White . The `` present day '' subplot makes the game , Clue , seem like an Umberto Eco masterpiece of intricacy . For readers who want a complex representation of a reprehensible villain of the middle ages , go to Joris Karl Huysmans ' La Bas for his depiction of Gilles de Rais , who made the Marquis de Sade look like a neophyte . Codrescu should stick to what he does best - write clever essays for NPR . He 's no great shakes as a novelist .
 Although I was caught up in this trashy novel trying to pass itself off as history , I did enjoy the author 's style of story telling . I only got half way through , when I scolded myself for wasting too much time on this garbage . Nothing but glossy porn .
 This book is a NOVEL , and as such , is n't that great of one . To me , it reads as merely an elaborated story based on an internet biography of Elizabeth Bathory . It almost seems like a Hollywoodized version of a book , changing details and such to make the story flow better . And a good third of the book does n't even deal directly with Erzebet Bathory , but of some clunky trial . Is it interesting ? Yes . Is it an easy read ? Yes . Do you learn more about the Lady Bathory ? Some . Is it worth spending money on ? NO -LRB- unless its really really cheap -RRB- . It seems difficult to make a bad novel on one of the most intriguing figures in history , but nevertheless , this is a bad novel . I give this two stars . It would be one star , but the simple fact that it is about Erzebet Bathory gives it another . Ugh .
 Perhaps it is n't fair to blame the author for trying to pass off The Blood Countess as some sort of well-researched novel . It is n't . And though it is perhaps unforgiving for me , as a fellow author , to take him to task for this , it is insulting to myself , to Ray McNally , to Radu Florescu and to others who have delved into the life of the Countess Bathori . Sadly , the actual facts would have made much jucier -- and much better -- reading .
 I was quite intrigued with the subject of this story , and it started off with a BANG ! But it then proceeded to dwindle away . None of the characters seem fleshy , -LRB- especially the victims !!! -RRB- , and l felt that l should really care about the 650 odd murders , but did n't because it was too clinical . I could n't even read the last 100 odd pages , only flicked through , because nothing seemed to happen . I looked forward to reading this book much , much more than actually reading it . One of those that ` could 've been ' a good read .
 I bought this book because I 'm interested in the fact and mythos of the Countess Bathory . To be sure , I did expect a highly-colored fictionalized historical account , but not this ... I kept reading long before I should have , mostly because I was expecting a Major Event in the conclusion of the -LRB- ultimately unnecessary -RRB- modern plotline . I should 've followed my first urge and put it down -- it seems like the author could n't decide how to end the book , and so he just ended it . A lot of side plots were left dangling with no real resolution , and I 'm unsure whether this is a case of sloppy narrative or the author trying to convince his publisher to pay for a sequel.The historical plotline was n't too bad in comparison , but not lacking in its own issues . Without being too graphic , it 's painfully obvious that the author has never experienced some of the more extreme sex acts he writes about . Overall , this story reads less like a historical fiction and more like an extended dance remix of the author 's personal fantasy.Blood Countess would have been a more credible tale if the first line had begun , `` Dear Penthouse , I never thought this would happen to me ... ''
 This book is a confusing mixture . It tells the story of a rather fascinating human monster , but gives the reader no real understanding or empathy for any of its characters . The voices of the book are too removed , too cold . The countess tormented and killed her hundreds of young women with no interest in the reality of their lives and interests ; the book chronicles the killings in the same manner , and thus fails to involve the reader . Even the parallel plot line of the modern-day Drake , drawn into the mystical world of immortal evil , fails to involve the reader closely . Too much blood , pain , and perverse excitement , not enough understanding . All in all , it was lurid and adolescent .
 Just to give a brief example , the Peasant Rebellion led byGy&ouml;rgy D&oacute;zsa took place in the year 1514 , forty-six yearsbefore Erzs&eacute;bet B&aacute;thory was born . Yet Codrescu has D&oacute;zsakilling family members of Countess B&aacute;thory in front of hereyes.The book is nothing more than anti-Hungarian propagandawritten by a -LRB- Romanian -RRB- with a politcal agenda.An earlier book by Codrescu , `` The Hole in the Flag '' was anoble effort , but `` The Blood Countess '' is disappointingto say the least .
 First off , Blood Countess is NOT a horror novel , NOT a vampire novel . Instead , it 's part morbid biography , part political tract.There are two stories , told in alternating chapters . One is a fictionalization of true-life Elizabeth Barthoy 's depravities -LRB- no supernatural vampire stuff , just torture -RRB- . The other story is set in the present , as Barthoy 's Hungarian decendent returns to Hungary to come to terms with his past.Codrescu has a dense , turgid writing style that makes for slow reading . And it 's boring . Hard to imagine Barthoy 's life could be rendered dull , but Codrescu manages it , despite his discomforting torture scenes . Too much `` inner life '' as his characters think about this or that , philosophizing and such , and not enough dialogue . And when there is dialgue , it 's not crisp or pithy.Furthermore , Codrescu strikes me as dishonest and bigoted toward Hungarians.Dishonest , because the dust jacket claims that he 's Hungarian , yet Codrescu is a Romanian name . In fact , his book about Romania -LRB- The Hole In The Flag -RRB- claims that Codrescu is Romanian . So which is he -- Hungarian or Romanian ? Maybe it 's just a case of publishers trying to slant Codrescu 's bio to fit his book , but it 's not an idle question , because Hungarians and Romanians have long suffered ethnic tensions and hostility toward each other.Reading the Blood Countess , I get the sense that Codrescu is a Romanian who does n't much like Hungarians . His present day Hungarian character does much ruminating about the national crimes and sins of the Hungarian people . In fact , his Hungarian character sounds like a Romanian who dislikes Hungarians.I 'm not saying which ethnic group has more to complain about . But I think readers should be aware of the animosity between these two groups , so they can take the Blood Countess 's Hungarian-bashing with a grain of salt.Codrescu has also written a book on bigotry -LRB- The Devil Never Sleeps -RRB- . But instead of preaching tolerance to others , he should do a reality check on his own animosity toward Hungarians .
 This book was a huge disappointment . I was looking forward to an informative historical novel about a truly terrifying woman . Instead what I got was a cold , dull , mildly pornographic tale.Don ' t get me wrong , I expected some pretty graphic stuff given the subject matter , but there were a few too many completely gratuitous sex scenes seemingly randomly thrown in . Even secondary and tertiary characters were given perverse romps in the hay . I know Codrescu is an intelligent man -- you ca n't be an NPR commentator and be a dummy -- but I ca n't help picturing him rubbing his hands and grinning lasciviously as he wrote this stuff.This is not the scholarly work you might expect -- consider yourself warned .
 Sex and violence become indistinguishable in this perverted , albeit addictive , novel . I was embarresed to get so caught up in it ; I only read it in private , so no one would come up to me and say `` Hey , whatcha readin ' ? '' The last thing I wanted to do was explain that once there was this countess who sexually tortured and murdered young girls , and oh yeah ; she also sleeps with her aunt , dwarves , a big cat , her servants , and of course her husband . This girl also liked to watch people getting slowly and excruiatingly killed , a hobby she developed as a child . Then , in the present time , there 's her desendant , who also gets excited by pain , both his own and others . He is terrified by his legacy , and in his final act of masochism , he begs a judge to throw him in the slammer and swallow the key . All of this , in case you were wondering , is drawn out for us in explicit , gory detail . While I guiltily enjoyed reading this well written trash , I felt kind of sick afterwards , and promised myself I would never again succum to such overwrought , voyeristic and sensational fiction again . So far I 've kept my promise . By the way , I wonder if my half gleeful enjoyment , half throw-up reaction to this book has to do with the fact that I 'm a female . I would love to get a male friend to read this , to see if he got at all sickened by it . Mabey I 'm just a tittering girl who is too easily grossed out . On the other hand , this book is pretty disgusting . My rating of 1 is a sort of `` golden turkey '' award ; this book is so bad , it 's good
 And that would be anybody who appreciates artistry in literature . What could have been a profound philosophical delving into the desire for immortality and youth is , in Codrescu 's unstable , showy prose , mere superficial shrieking , subsumed to the nuances of titillation and the flexing of the -LRB- rather useless -RRB- plot muscles.Characterizations are so `` clever , '' so unsubtle , as to make this reader roll her eyes ; the writing is garish and unconsidered . Over half the book follows Elizabeth from age eight to age thirteen ; then it 's as if he suddenly remembered what the book was supposed to have been about , and we dash through the 650 virgins , with nary a philosophical tangent on the meaning of it all . Characters and plot points are left unused , even after we 've been dragged along by their supposed importance , and this is , of course , supremely annoying . Not once in the entire book is the reader invited to ponder anything weightier than `` How long is this chapter , anyway ? `` Codrescu is a second-rate writer . Do n't waste your time on this ; read Mary Shelley instead .
 Although I read the book from cover to cover , I never really got into it . Everytime I saw the word `` BESTSELLER '' on the front cover , I wondered why ! Maybe it is an excellent book for some to read ... but I found it boring and long . I kept reading through to the -LRB- bitter -RRB- end waiting for the part of the story that would make me say , `` Finally , we 're getting somewhere ! '' but I never found that part of the story and the only delight I got out of the book was , `` Finally , I 've finished reading this ! & quot
 i just finished reading this book . barely . only because i couldent stand to leave it unfinished . i skimmed much of the end of it -LRB- just to get through it ! -RRB- found the ending unexiting and uneventfull . the `` present '' part of it was borring . more of a perverse tale that i wasent too interested in finishing . the book failed to meet my expectations . while the author has a way with words and such ... the story was dull , dragged on , and never realy climaxed . maybe it did but i was too bored to catch it .
 I enthusiastically purchased this book in the hopes of finding out about the infamous serial killer Elizabeth Bathory . Well , I guess my first mistake would be hoping to find out information from a `` novel . '' The author confused me to no end , shifting back and forth , spending far too much time making up scenarios that I 'm pretty certain never happened . While he claims that information contained in the book is `` based on historical events , '' I think shock value was the real aim here and based simply on that , the author does not fail.Many times I wanted to simply put the book down , but me , always a champion for the underdog , thought it would get better . It never did . If you want to find out about Elizabeth Bathory , this is certainly not the book to read .
 Despite its colorful vocabulary , The Blood Countess has no merit in terms of content . The author simply describes the perverted , without having a pertinent message . If you enjoy reading about disgusting fantasies , then , by all means , read this book . But , if you are seeking a book that is more historically focused , look elsewhere .
 This book has an interesting subject -LRB- Countess Bathory -RRB- but the author seems to use the entire premise of the countess ' life as a classy excuse to write a bunch of fictionalized and -- in my opinion -- badly written pornography . It seems that the author just had a few fantasies he wanted to get out of his system and found the countess and her descendents as a convenient , vicarious outlet for these feelings . Most annoying of all , however , are the `` current day '' portions of the novel where the main character recounts his adventures to a court judge . The main character 's language in these portions seems too contrived , rehearsed , and purple-prose to be the kind of spontaneous things a person would actually say in court . What a turn off .
 based on the writing , this book should be in the ` romance ' section . while the plot is engaging , it is only superficially worked out and the characters have no depth . the writing is pure mass romance with men with hard bodies and fainting women being rescued , at the last minute of course .
 I found this book at a thrift store after having read a few of her Maura Isles books ... and boy , was I disappointed . I told my husband that it was more like a Harlequin romance book , then I find out here that it was originally published as a Harlequin ! And not even a great one at that ... I mean , how many times does a person start to trust someone , then totally flip out on them , then do that a few more times . It got very tedious . But I really love the books she 's written in the past decade or so , so do n't be deterred by this one .
 Typical romance novel with some stuff thrown in to make it seem like suspence.I just coul n't stomach this book . maybe it 's because I 'm older and over all the fluff in books.I was extremely bored and frustrated while listening to the book . The main characters made me roll my eyes and finally I just stopped ... Do n't waste your time !
 I listened to this book on CD on a long car ride and was very disappointed , especially after I 'd assured my partner that based on all the wonderful books I 'd read by this author we were sure to enjoy the eight hour tale . The characters are unbelievably shallow , especially the main female who is a laughable caricature of a lady in distress . Madly in love with her uncommonly good looking husband of two months , she finds that it 's just as easy to fall head over heels in love with the state department worker who has been assigned to give her the bad news about her husband 's untimely death . We found ourselves ridiculing these two characters as they bungled their way through Europe , in search of the husband , who may not be dead after all .
 This audiobook was published in 2010 , so I snapped it up thinking it would be a `` typical Tess Gerritsen ''
 I bought this novel expecting a thriller , instead the only value I got from it was a comedy one . The characters are incredibly shallow , the plot denies credibility and the style is Barbara Cartland . If you 're looking for a thriller do n't look here . Romantic comedy wold be a more accurate classification !
 I have read several Tess Gerritsen books - had this been the first one I read , I would never have read another one again . It was terrible , just awful . I had expected a mystery - and I got a junk novel , badly written , and a plot which made no sense . If you want to know how NOT to write a good book , read this one .
 well , sometimes a generalizing lie . . IMHO , this book should have been named '' -LRB- some -RRB- Spidering Hacks using Perl '' . the `` 100 '' and `` industrial strength '' sale pitches they could have spared from the title as well.the very little python and java code that was either mentioned and/or included as code examples I think was as a way to pepper the content and apparently make it more appealing to a broader audience . . _ the book is mostly about Perl scripts -LRB- you could compile Perl to C and then use c2java , for example , but why bothering if , as I noticed right away , it was mostly toy code ? -RRB- I wonder what the `` industrial strength '' thing was all about.There is also some gnu utils examples -LRB- wget and curl -RRB- , from which you could get better examples online . _ the book has `` examples '' that do n't make any sense -LRB- to me -RRB- and not only that but you could see as a total waste of time , why bothering scraping amazon 's pages if they offer SOAP/RSS feeds ? And not only that but then he goes on telling you how to scrape a site offering financial stocks info , too !?!?! I would have started by splitting the book in two , cases for which you do n't really need scraping at all and those for which you do . _ the author in an attempt to reach the `` 100 '' mark , included cases on how to download , say MP3 with Beatles songs and PDF files from IRS sites as separate cases : - ? I wonder what the difference is once you have a connection to the data feed ?!? . there is , `` Web Content Mining with Java '' ISBN
 Pulaski 's portrayal of family life in Brooklyn is masterful . By seamlessly incorporating Yiddish-English dialect into his prose and describing both cityscapes and internal psychological landscapes in painstaking detail , Pulaski draws me into most of his stories.I thought that the stories depicting his wife 's side of the family fell flat , took confusing turns , and were generally less believable . The early sexual experiences of a young girl and the inner workings of this other family seemed to me beyond his knowledge , and thus beyond his considerable ability.All in all , it 's worth reading and I look forward to reading more by this author .
 The judges for our trivia contest used this book as the arbiter for disputed questions tonight , and the NYT Almanac was wrong or incomplete on two questions , verified by multiple sources . Number one , The place Lee surrendered to Grant was not a `` Courthouse '' in Appomatox , Va. ... rather , It was a farm in the * town * of `` Appomatox Courthouse '' , VA. . A quick Google search will confirm this on dozens of sources.The question the Almanac was incomplete on , was about the Definition of `` DVD '' . Properly and technically known as Digital Versatile Disk , the NYT Almanac only metion only a colloquial `` Digital Video Disk '' , which is common , but not accurate . A DVD can contain video , but not all DVD 's contain video.I wonder how many more mistakes there are in this book ? Yeah , I 'm a sore loser , but right is right and wrong is wrong . Maybe the Almanac makes up stuff too ?
 This is a crummy reprint of a wonderful classic children 's book . First of all , there is no hole in the book , which spoils the novelty . Second , the original colors are missing , as the pictures are all printed in black-and-white . Third , the pages are printed on the wrong sides , so the text you read on any given page does n't correspond to the picture on the facing page ! If you remember reading The Hole Book as a child , as I do , you will be tremendously disappointed by this reprint .
 Do n't get this book for a child . It makes fun of black people and a wild animal gets killed .
 This book entails a lot of highly politically charged post-colonial science fiction . It felt a lot like reading a poetry from an annual collection for people interested in post-colonial literature . The works in this book are more serious , mature , and anchored in the real world than most traditional science fiction . If your a fan of most western science fiction , brace yourself for a very different style . It was n't my cup of tea - again too political for me .
 This book is not worthy of the `` Unleashed '' series , which typically has stellar books . Mostly just marketing level advice with very little in-depth information . You can get more information out of a Google search .
 I grabbed this from the company bookshelf to learn more about SharePoint and how I might use it to for simple document collaboration . I forced my self to read on even though things are not really explained and the reading is quite dry . I got to Chapter 6 and I had to quit ... I still do n't see any light.I 've read enough books to know that it may take another chapter or 2 before you start to ` get it ' , I never got any of it . The book basically goes right into site design from architecture and site design/layout . Problem is they skipped telling you just what all these things are ... Portal -LRB- s -RRB- , Area -LRB- s -RRB- , primary site , sub site , sub area , Topics and many other SharePoint terms.It 's like they assume you know what all of these things are , maybe it 's covered later . Problem I have is that I got to know what a ` widget ' does before I can think about how to use it . Up through chapter 6 I have only vague ideas of what all these SharePoint things are and how I might use them.Maybe a simple reordering of chapters could help . SharePoint in itself is confusing as well it consists of 2 things ` SharePoint Services ' and SharePointPortal Server ' . I 'm a developer going on 20 years of coding experience and quite a few books under the belt . While this book is not a ` coding ' book I should be able to learn from it but I did n't . I have given up on very few books in my career and none recently .
 When I first started working my current job , I was given this book . I have to say that this is an extremely boring book . It did n't engage me in any shape , form , or fashion . Learning SharePoint is already difficult and this book does not make it any easier . I am glad I did n't buy it .
 This book is a long winded explanation of the features of SharePoint 2003 . It provides redundent how tos with little explanation of how to do anything that is not vanilla out of the box . I suggest simply becoming familar with the Administrative Guide that Microsoft produced . You 'll be you degree closer to the source and 33 dollars richer in the pocket .
 It would be easy to mistake this book as a developer reference , having the book come from SAMS . This is not the case however . As a developer , i was extremley disappointed in the content this book contained . There are no code samples whatsoever , and no discussion of building custom web parts . Moreover , very important information has been completley omissed from the text . Things like customizing the look and feel of the portal by integration with frontpage 2003 , and utilizing the complex nature of the single sign on service are not discussed for more than a paragraph , and these are very important points for anyone designing any sharepoint solution . This book can be described as a power user manual and implementation guide at best . If you 're looking for a book with a lot of fluff , no examples on how to do things you are going to need to know how to do , some examples on things that are already self-explanatory , then this is a perfect book for you . Basically the information in this book is a poor rewrite of the SPS administrator manual that is on the cd . There is some helpful information in this book on certain topics , but it is not nearly as comprehensive as you would think it should be for its size .
 I will have to put myself in the same corner as a few of my fellow reviewers , this is not a developer book , by far . It also has a lot of repetition in it . You can explain the different security groups twice , but 5 times seems like a little too much ... The fact that web parts and customisations are not covered is like the biggest dissapointment to me , because that is what I am looking for in a book . How to use Sharepoint is something you can learn in the online help .
 The authors take a project management approach to SharePoint . The book takes you through all the steps necessary when starting a new SharePoint system . My issue with this approach is that unless you have a reasonable understanding of SharePoint first , it 's difficult to grasp the concepts they are explaining.This would be a good book as a guide to creating a SharePoint system from scratch but you 'll be better off getting another book to actually learn the software first .
 I 've purchased both this book and the Resource Kit and tried to use them like lifelines because my company is going ga-ga over SharePoint -LRB- and I mostly agree -RRB- . While this book has a lot going for it -- it 's well written and has a good teaching point of view , I 've found a ton of errors in it that have caused me to lose my confidence in it . I still refer to it as a tutorial , but it 's an awful lot of money to pay for a book that I ca n't trust . My advice is to rely on the Resource Kit as a reference and only buy this book as a teaching guide .
 As someone that reads alot of books , both technical and non-technical , this is definetly the worst written book I 've ever seen . It seems it has not been read by any editors.You can find typos , spelling mistakes , grammar errors and such all over the place . The authors just copy-pasted some of them over and over again . The text is boring to death , and for some reason , the least needed parts are repeated several times . For example , the meaning of `` Description '' of a field in a list is explained more than a dozen times in less that 5 pages.All of this , even before touching the content and subject of the book itself . The order of the content was not well thought of , the style of writing is boring , and the content itself is not very informative.As a developer , I did not expect to find much on the development side of SharePoint , but I doubt that even technicians and solution architects will find much help in this one .
 -LRB- actual review is 2.5 stars -RRB- . Even though this book has a lot of pages , the content is pretty shallow and it suffers from an apparent desire to address to many different types of reader , from the developer to the administrator , to the technology decision maker . The result is that the book is weak in two key areas
 I do SharePoint administration and development and own the other five SharePoint 2003 books currently on the market . This book is useless from any perspective except perhaps as a doorstop . It just repeats the same content chapter after chapter about the features of SharePoint while offering no insight as to installing , configuring or developing . You would get more insight about SharePoint reading a product brochure or just cruising Microsoft 's web site . Avoid this book !
 I was dissapointed with this book , from a title standpoint . `` Vacation homes '' are not how I would categorize the plans in this book - although there are some nice plans . I would consider almost all 500 of them to be regular home plans - there certainly was n't much available here that was less than 1200 sq ft. Not quite the cozy lakeside cottage I was looking for !
 This product is indeed what it advertises . The works -LRB- journals , letters , sermons and comments -RRB- of John Wesley on CD . The problem is that it is all one long text file . It is trapped inside the Folio Infobase software that was out of date 10 years ago . You can export the entire text to either WordPerfect or RTF -LRB- no PDF or MS Word option -RRB- but even then all 7 -LRB- or 14 -RRB- volumes are contained in one giant file . You can search for particular words , but I have n't found any topical search -LRB- ie - I want a sermon on sanctification -RRB- . And the worst for any $ 50 product , there are misspellings in the text !! I wish I had bought the 7 book hardcover edition so at least it would look pretty on my shelf . This just is n't going to be as useful as I had hoped .
 I purchased this item , since it is rather difficult to find a physical copy of the Works of John Wesley and I did not care if they were not in pristine condition ; however , I did not anticipate that I would not be able to read the books without fear of them falling apart . They remain a paper weight , without function or use . Selling these books was tantamount to theft .
 I was searching for a biography of the Bronte siblings . What I found was this incomprehensible mash of random feelings and impressions the author seems to have had about previous biographies of the Brontes . There is little biography here ; it is simply her agreements with or refutations of previous biographers , often not even explaining what those biographers had stated to begin with .
 Another attempt by an outside oberserver to understand conflicts that are peculiar to South America and its political culture . Accordingly , the analysis does not grasp the intenal dynamics and psychology of the conflict . This book leaves much to be desired .
 I bought this book thinking that it would tell me about breathing and running . Sort of what you would expect from the title.In fact Dr Justin O'Brien has precious little to say about the subject , and I am at a loss to understand what `` many athletes -- from Boston marathoners and national swimmers to international tennis players and Olympic badminton stars '' have got out of it . None of these are named , nor provide testimonials , apart from one ultra-runner on the back cover blurb . Dr O'Brien 's PhD is in the philosophy of consciousness.The entire approach can basically be summed up with the words `` train do n't strain '' . Breathe easily , steadily and rhythmically using diaphragmatic breathing . Practise until you can breathe out for twice as long as you inhale , while running . Let your breath guide your degree of effort . That 's it.I can only think that this has been written for absolute beginners . It is out of date -LRB- written in 1985 -RRB- and , for the experienced runner , packed with totally superfluous chapters such as `` Why Run ? '' , and `` Internal Dynmaics '' -LRB- ie what changes occur in the body as a result of running . There are also worthy , but out of date , chapters on injuries , flexibility and diet.Not worth the money . The topic is better covered elsewhere , notably in John Douillard 's `` Body , Mind and Sport '' .
 The book is interesting , and well written . It contains little unique or scarcely known or understood information . Novice runners might like it and get more from it than experienced runners .
 I finished this in one day . It is that easy a read . Its got a virtually non-existant plot . The characters are also rather flat and unrealistic . It does try to have some humour here and there , but that 's about it . It 's not worth the time spent reading it , unless you happen to be doing a book report on something sucky . After I read this , I doubt I 'll go watch the movie , even though the movie has a great cast . Overall , a disappointment .
 Honestly , I was expecting more . These `` dummies '' books give the authors almost unlimited opportunity to explain something in detail , yet make it interesting and enlightening . What I would have wanted to see was more history on the story of Siddhartha and how he became Buddha . I also thought the book was biased toward the Tibet way of Buddhism and those looking for more about Zen are going to be disappointed . The book almost reads like a college textbook and that is just dry dry dry . Yuck .
 A little obscure , evasive , vague . The author talks about not fearing death but infers that there is a life after death . ` Hurry Up and Meditate ' more real and useful , about to read ` What he Buddha Thought ' , hopefully this is more honest .
 I thought the writing was dull and mostly from a historial informationial point of view . The information was boring , and I did not retain much at all . At best the book could be used for refrence only . Much like reading a dictionary . If your desperate for reading , put it in your bathroom and take a peek every now and again .
 i have read all of her books and have to say this was very disappointing . poor , poor girl with large breasts . I could have gagged . No intersting story , no interesting characters . Boring . Lets have another Bittersweet please . I wonder what happend to Maggie and Eric and Nancy .
 For the most part , this book is unreadable and uninspiring . The abridged editions are not much better . It was highly influential in its time , so it 's standard reading for history-of-philosophy courses . This is one of several excellent reasons why you should n't take history of philosophy courses.For the voluntary reader , the fact that Locke was highly influential also means that his ideas have been developed into something clearer and more interesting by the intervening generations . Read Hume or a 20th-cent . empiricist instead .
 I often ponder the meaning of life . I often consider what experiences I might accomplish over the course of my life . And I also consider those experiences I hope not to accomplish . Certainly , I wish reading Locke 's essay had been on the latter list . This book is an exhibition of human wastelandism . If your hope is to become truly stupider , I suggest you read this breakthrough in stupidity and worthless Babel . And then eat the book . And then vomit the book up , and burn the book/vomit . And vow never to read another one of Locke 's filth-bombs .
 Not just simple ideas in this one but stupid ones too . No one should ever read this colossal waste of time unless by reading you mean beating yourself unmercifully on the face and head until death occurs .
 The book is great , it 's exactly what I need for a class I 'm taking on Modern Philosophy . It appears to be an unabridged edition of Locke 's Essay Concerning Human Understanding . It 's clear and understandable as printed . The only compaint I have is that simply opening this book to read it split the cover away from the pages . The book is effectively coming unravelled . I have other books from the Prometheus lineup which have no such problem , however , they are all relatively short books of less than 150 pages . This one is over 600 pages and from what I can tell it appears that the binding just is n't up to task for the amount of pages in the book . I 'm not sure if this is just a fluke or not . But to Amazon 's credit they refunded me the price of the book . I 'm very glad I ordered an Amazon.com product due to the excellent customer service I received and feel very safe in future purchases from Amazon .
 I felt the entire book was one big sales pitch . It felt like I was sitting in on a sales presentation . Although the authors did a fairly good job of outlining the 4 stages of the e-business panorama , they neglected to provide solid case studies or real life examples . Instead , I kept coming across recurring messages throughout the book ; `` all businesses will become ebusiness ... focus on your company 's core competency , outsource your non-core competence in order to go to market fast ... seamless backend application integration '' ... very basic stuff . If you are already familiar with ebusiness , this book will bore your as it did me after the first 3 chapters.I like to suggest a more objective book on ebusiness with better tactics and strategies
 In which the estimable Dr. Wilson takes on fantasy with less than stellar results . I like Wilson a lot , but while he can create some great plots and interesting characters , he tends to work best in slightly more grounded worlds . It 's clear from work like Sims that Wilson likes his fantasy/sci-fi driven by moral quandaries more than imaginative worlds . Hey , there 's nothing wrong with that , but it definitely keeps The Tery from succeeding , as Wilson creates a world that does n't feel natural so much as constructed for plot 's sake . The politics and power dynamics of the world feel forced into making the point , and the species - particularly the titular Teries - feel like plot contrivances . The plot is missing Wilson 's usual tightness , bouncing everywhere randomly until coming to a ridiculously forced climax . And none of this mentions the cringe-inducing romantic tension between a woman and her `` pet , '' culminating in a scene where the pet mutant bear masturbates happily over its owner . Look , I like Wilson a lot , and I even like the ideas he 's attempting to play with here , even if he 's done them better elsewhere -LRB- Sims -RRB- . And , sure , there is a really neat twist about 3/4 of the way through the book ; even though it 's does n't really change things , it 's a great reveal . It 's just that Wilson works better grounded in something closer to reality ; his characters and situations deserve better than his ability -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- to construct a plausible and believable fantasy world .
 In which the estimable Dr. Wilson takes on fantasy with less than stellar results . I like Wilson a lot , but while he can create some great plots and interesting characters , he tends to work best in slightly more grounded worlds . It 's clear from work like Sims that Wilson likes his fantasy/sci-fi driven by moral quandaries more than imaginative worlds . Hey , there 's nothing wrong with that , but it definitely keeps The Tery from succeeding , as Wilson creates a world that does n't feel natural so much as constructed for plot 's sake . The politics and power dynamics of the world feel forced into making the point , and the species - particularly the titular Teries - feel like plot contrivances . The plot is missing Wilson 's usual tightness , bouncing everywhere randomly until coming to a ridiculously forced climax . And none of this mentions the cringe-inducing romantic tension between a woman and her `` pet , '' culminating in a scene where the pet mutant bear masturbates happily over its owner . Look , I like Wilson a lot , and I even like the ideas he 's attempting to play with here , even if he 's done them better elsewhere -LRB- Sims -RRB- . And , sure , there is a really neat twist about 3/4 of the way through the book ; even though it 's does n't really change things , it 's a great reveal . It 's just that Wilson works better grounded in something closer to reality ; his characters and situations deserve better than his ability -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- to construct a plausible and believable fantasy world .
 Of all the many complexities of conducting business internationally , developing advertising is surely the most intractable . How can any one manager , no matter how cosmopolitan , understand the nuances of a neighbouring country - with its own history , language , humour and -LRB- to name one example -RRB- attitude to pets - well enough to develop meaningful advertising?Anholt has a wealth of experience in building international advertising campaigns . His book is strong on identifying the difficulties , with anecdote and wisdom - the babyfood story in Africa is a favourite . But what he fails to deliver is more insight into what a successful global campaign looks like . There are a handful of examples -LRB- e.g. Nike 's `` Just do it '' in French - `` ta vie est a toi '' -RRB- which whet the appetite ; but his prescription , of bringing together an international team to develop advertising jointly , is more of an infomercial for his own organisation than a solution for a troubled international marketing manager.A sequel of successful case studies , with lessons learned , would be really welcome . More wisdom please , Mr Anholt
 If you just want to be affirmed that housework can wait , get this book . If you want real help thinking through the problem of too much housework and not enough time , this book will not help you .
 I found it very wearisome for non-humans to constantly use human colloquialisms . To single out the most egregious example
 Yes . This is the worst Star Trek book I 've ever read.The plot was interesting because I 'd never heard of this new series before ... but that was perhaps one of the few saving graces . Even the presence of Spock in the story could not entice me to actually read the entire book.I 'm rather astonished that the editors let this book through . Each paragraph flowed awkwardly , with jarring syntax . The author kept using some kind of `` punch line '' writing style . He would give just a few facts , enough to make the reader wonder what had just happened . Then in the last sentence he 'd throw in a final clarifying fact so the reader can say `` Ah , that 's what happened . `` A good example would be from one of the earlier scenes . One of the characters was being choaked to death and was saved when his sister chopped off his attacker 's arm . Instead of letting the action flow , the author chose to first show that the man was n't choaking anymore , then to show that the hand was n't attached to the attacker 's body , and then to show that the blood flowing from the severed stump matched the color of the blood on the `` cutting instrument '' . Even so , with the backwards flowing facts , I read on , wanting to at least know what was going to happen . Up until page 26 . On page 26 of the paperback version , the captain actually SAID `` Why is n't s/he up here ? `` Ok , so the character he was referring to -LRB- Burgyone -RRB- is apparently some multi-gender person . That 's fine - heck it worked for Le Guin in the `` Left Hand of Darkness '' ... but ... Really , how can ANY person actually pronounce `` s/he '' ? Is the slash prounced as the word `` slash '' or is it more of `` she-he '' ? If the author had been using proper English , he would have realized several things . First , it 's physically impossible to say `` S/he '' out loud , and in a ` crunch-time ' situation the Captain is not going to bother stumbling over phrases like `` he-she '' anyway , he 'd just say `` he '' and move on . Second , it would actually be appropriate to refer to the character as `` he '' , and then spend maybe a paragraph or two to explain that this Burgyone was both male and female and then continue with the story.At that point I just skimmed the book , skipping over most of the text just to see how it ended.Then I turned and picked up a nice Ray Bradbury book to read ... because although Bradbury 's plot was extremly confusing , it at least had been written with better grammer and flowing text.I am just thankful that my copy of `` Gods Above '' was a public copy and not one I actually spent money on .
 I cancelled my order as it had been delayed and I was leaving on vacation before the date it was promised to be shipped .
 I enjoy Marion Chesney 's works and highly suggest them to anyone who is just beginning to start reading in this genre . They are all humorous and lively , with just a touch of romance . Back in Society is a fitting end to the sextet The Poor Relation . I found that it was probably ranked third best of this sextet . I preferred Vol.no .3 and Vol.no .1 . Volume 6 refines on Lady Fortesque 's character and brings out Miss Tonks , who had otherwise been a Nobody in the previous volumes . The humour is definitely provided and the romance is very sweet , as it is in all of her books . However , like most of Marion Chesney 's books , this one is missing that certain something . The something that only experienced readers of this genre could find important . I began my reading in the genre with Volume Number 3 of this series , so I must confirm that Marion Chesney is a wonderful author to begin romance with .
 The author fixes the life of this man in one week . This is very unrealistic .
 I purchased Lean Bodies , Swimsuit Lean , and Lean Bodies Cookbook all at the same time . Swimsuit Lean had no new information , it 's more like cliff notes for the Lean Bodies book . The only difference besides having a lot less information is that it has lots of before and after pictures that are n't even very convincing . The pictures take up almost 1/3 of the already short book . If you have money burning a hole in your pocket and are n't going to read it anyway , this is the book for you .
 The book started out okay and strong but then it just got lost along the way of writing . The book is a non-fiction , somewhat autobiographical book on FBI Profiler and teacher at the FBI 's Behavioral Science Unit . In the beginning , the author focuses on the subject , Russell Vogpagel , who is the profiler and teacher . His experience with crime over the decades since the 1950s is rich in history and is interesting in itself . Unfortunately , his book goes back and forth between his class and his experiences and studying other cases . I would have organized the book to be more effective in it 's matter . I had high expectations when I read Ann Rule 's introduction to the text.One of my main problems with the book is that when Russ presents a case study to his class to solve as murder , suicide , or accident is his presentation style . To the reader , we only know what we are told . But to his class , he shows pictures -LRB- even graphic -RRB- and provides probably a lot more information regarding a case . They discuss among the class as to whether it 's murder , suicide , or an accident.If there is one thing to learn is that an accident and murder is a lot easier to deal with than suicide . In cases of auto-erotic asphyxiation or when a plane crashes , it 's likely an accident and not suicide . For the surviving families , an accident and even murder is easier to deal with than suicide . There is a lot of guilt.This book is not an easy read neither because of it 's graphic content . It 's an okay book . It 's a good read for those inspiring to become profilers or true crime readers like myself .
 This ghostwritten book uses a stagey narrative device
 In his usual fashion , Richard Roeper again presents information he has gathered from other sources and tries to appear to be an expert on the subject . RR may be able to compile lists , but a true movie critic takes the time to explain his views . It is not difficult to prepare a list such as `` Worst Movie Sequels '' and then not explain what makes them bad . Roeper is capitalizing on the celebrity status he has fallen into since he has been paired with Roger Ebert . He is not a movie critic . He 's a leech that Ebert has taken along for the ride .
 As I 've said before there are two types of movie critics ; those who like the movies nominated for Best Picture and those who are actually worth reading . Richard Roeper is one critic who clearly falls into the first category . Now perhaps one should n't be too harsh about what is supposed to be very light reading , a book of silly movie lists . But one can not ignore the fact that Roeper is not a very interesting movie critic . Consider the six films made since 1997 that Roeper suggests should join the American Film Institute 's 100 finest films . None of the six is an especially inspired choice . But `` American Beauty '' ? `` A Beautiful Mind '' ? The first is a meretricious , selfish , misogynistic film only partially redeemed by Kevin Spacey 's performance . The second is cheap sentimental Oscar-mongering trash . Consider how Roeper thinks up a list of movies that should have been , but were not , nominated for best picture , and misses both `` Vertigo '' and `` Brazil . '' And consider also how the list of movies that Roeper considers overrated mostly consists of small , independent pictures while those on the list that Roeper considers underrated consist of well-publicized would be blockbusters . I have n't seen either `` 3000 miles to Graceland '' or `` Angel Eyes , '' but `` Star Wars 2 '' ? No , this is not a good sign . And what this about a list of 10 documentaries that are preferable to feature films ? Only ten?Other critics have done a better job of defending trash and perhaps Roeper might have done a better job if he had chosen a less shallow format . But then again , maybe not . His lack of critical judgement is only part of a larger conventionality . Consider the list that is the title of the book . We know that a character is doomed if -LRB- a -RRB- he 's a police officer on the verge of retirement and looking forward to his new condo or -LRB- b -RRB- they are teenagers who decide to have sex while a vicious psychotic is running around killing people . Excuse me ? Have n't we been making jokes about these sort of clich&eacute;s for a decade or two ? Other lists show a similar lack of imagination
 This material is better suited for a website , not a book .
 This book is more like a slightly extended magazine article . In fact , I 've read articles in `` Movieline '' that were longer , and more informative.About one quarter of the book includes material that is well thought-out and entertainingly written . The rest is stuff that Roeper must have dictated into his voice recorder while doing other tasks.Roeper is clever and well-informed , but this book could n't have taken more than two weeks to write . If you 're looking for a truly quick read , this is the book for you . Just do n't pay full price!I 'm sure Roeper is capable of writing a good book , even a book of lists that has a little more `` meat . '' But Roeper , and the publisher , should n't try to pass this off as more than a brochure .
 I was looking though this book and it 's easy to look through -- large type small sentences lots of white space , and found myself reading material I know this `` author '' did not write , because the material was lifted whole sale from items found on the internet and in books published prior to this one -LRB- try E TAILS volumes 1-3 -RRB- . The essays `` Ten Sure Signs a Movie Character is doomed '' and `` 13 Great Perks of Being a Movie character '' and `` 9 rules of drinking in the movies '' were Internet forwards . The man known as Roeper did n't write this , and I suspect , much of the rest of the book was swiped from the internet.I never did like this guy as a movie reviewer . This book `` by '' Roeper only confirms my feelings he 's not much of a reviewer , not the least bit honest , nor worthwhile with dealing with .
 Covers well-worn territory and the lists , while unique , are n't particularly well written or surprising . Some of the movies every critic hated that he actually liked , are surprisingly lousy and undermine his authority as a film reviewer . The book is very thin as well and like other reviewers have pointed out , it seems culled from the web .
 read anything new on the subject of inventing . if this pamplet has any ideas worthwhile someone has bilt on them since 1940 .
 No material of substance . Do n't waste your time or money . Look somewhere else . `` The Idea Hunter '' by Andy Boynton is a better book .
 The contents ' probably great , but what happened to the cover of the book ? Did Young & Bernbach over-squeezed their `` creativities '' and left the cover of this book out cold ? Wake up guys ... bright yellow is a definite NO-NO for a book cover ... leave the `` neons '' for Las Vegas ... !!
 While the ideas set forth are compelling , the grammatical , punctuation and spelling errors make this edition the worst thing in print that I have seen in a long time . The publisher should be embarrassed to sell this booklet .
 I was expecting much more from this book but found that it contained no more than basic concepts that are common to most people and , poorly written . The book has several incomplete sentences and sentences that are so poorly constructed that the reader really has no idea of what the author is trying to say , no matter how many time the passage is read . He also used the wrong word in several instances , were for we 're or , there for their , for instance.This book could be a useful tool for anyone who is seeking to become more creative in their approach to problem solving , but it is in dire need of a good editor to make it not just readable , but to bring out the author 's ideas so they are much more clear and understandable .
 There are common themes among idea producing books that cover all aspects of developing the necessary state of mind to produce valuable ideas . Young covers the basics in this book but offers little else . At best this book represents an outline of the common themes , and at worst is it a 20 page book stretched into 47 pages -LRB- very large font , small book , less than 20 lines per page - likely 15-20 pages for standard sizes -RRB- . I rate this book as a two instead of a one as it does momentarily capture the essence of idea production in the following statements : `` An idea is nothing more nor less than a new combination of old elements . '' `` The capacity to bring old elements into new combinations depends largely on the ability to see relationships . '' `` The habit of the mind which leads to a search for relationships between facts becomes the highest importance of the production of ideas . `` Beyond these quotes the book encompasses little else other than a three page chapter about taking action . I sincerely believe that if you understand the above quotations as well as the notion that once you have the idea , you have to actually use the idea for it to have value , then you already know everything this book has to offer.I highly recommend much better material on the subject found in `` How to Get Ideas '' by Jack Foster ; a book that will not disappoint you as it is laced with real world examples , applications , and exercises to produce countless ideas .
 I originally purchased this book a few years ago , and it earned a place of prominence on my book shelf . I have loaned it to several friends over the years , all of whom benefitted from the easy to read insight . Unfortunately , my copy was lost on loan recently , and I decided to replace it . The newer edition , however , is about as poorly produced as books come . There are too many grammatical mistakes and the clumsy book jacket design betrays a much smarter message contained within . If there were two categories for rating , I 'd give this book 5 stars for content and 1 star for production quality . I 'll keep my eye out for the next edition , which will hopefully find its place back on my shelf .
 I was expecting more . Probably could have found something similar online for free . Very short and skimpy on the details .
 I love Poe . But his only novel is not up to his usual standards . It was ridiculous , boring , and seemed pointless .
 While the idea is attractive , its execution leaves much too much to the reader 's willingness to suspend belief of even the most outrageous assertions . There are far too many coincidences , too much violence , and too much pandering to political views . I really enjoy Poe 's poetry , but come on , now !
 I was searching for a biography of the Bronte siblings . What I found was this incomprehensible mash of random feelings and impressions the author seems to have had about previous biographies of the Brontes . There is little biography here ; it is simply her agreements with or refutations of previous biographers , often not even explaining what those biographers had stated to begin with .
 I have this book and Wagner 's book . Many of the designs are unusable for a wide variety of reasons . Plus you can get more info in an old issue of Speaker Builder magazine - check ebay or Audio Amateur Publications . More up-to-date and practical information can be found in audio forums . I have built ESLs and they are not that difficult or costly to build . Do a little research and add a good measure of common sense !
 I expected this book to be about Donna Hanover 's life but it is actually a collection of other people 's lost and found love stories and advice on how to find a lost love . The format is very similar to `` Lost and Found Lovers - Facts and Fantasies of Rekindled Romances '' by Nancy Kalish , Ph.D. . The stories are charming but after the first few become rather repetitive . Ms. Hanover 's attempt to discuss the lost love phenomenon is unsatisfying and incomplete with only random references to research and comments from friendly psychologists . She is advocating that single women/men look up their old boyfriends/girlfriends without fully addressing the deeply emotional and complicated dilemmas that might arise if such a reunion does n't work out .
 I ca n't understand why this book is getting good reviews from amazon readers . It 's vacant . I expected her love story , and that would maybe have made a better book . But she sure did n't share much of her story -LRB- or maybe she 's not much of a writer ; she 's an actress afterall -RRB- . Who cares what average Dr Therapist has to say ? I sold my copy already.Just go to a bokstore and browse it there and leave it there . There 's a better book on this topic , that actually TELLs you something .
 I was interested in the topic of rekindled romance but I was not interested in the author 's personal story . The book is not well organized and the stories are n't particularly interesting . But the book did do me some good - it pointed me to the rekindled romance research expert , Dr Nancy Kalish , who has her own book and web site . This is the real thing . Skip the celebrity and read the professor .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- As a reunited couple , we looked forward to reading another book on this topic . We had read Kalish 's research in Lost & Found Lovers and bought several copies for friends . So I thought this new book would be good too . I was all set to like it . But I did n't . It was so disappointing.It 's just a few light stories , and some interviews with therapists . What did she have to contribute herself ? Her story was fun to read , but that could have been a nice , short magazine article . There 's not enough here for a book . I finished it in an hour and a half.DH interviewed Nancy Kalish - she says so in the acknowledgements - and this sure sounds like the kalish book without the research that made that first book worthwhile.I think the people who give it 5 stars just have n't read any other books on this topic and so they do n't know the difference . It 's a fun topic but it is not a good book .
 I picked this book up thinking it might be a fun , light read . After a few paragraphs I started to feel a bit nauseous . The book perpetuates adolescent `` happily ever after '' sentiments and the ridicoulously delusional , romantic vision of their perfect reunited relationships . Personally I 'd rather read about their divorces and struggles .
 I had the recent experience of accidentally coming across the e-mail address of my first crush in high school who I always cared about , but I ca n't say I loved him because we only had a few dates when I was thirteen , there was never a real relationship between us . I wrote to him just to say a friendly hello , assuming he was happily married like he used to be before he left our home town thirty years ago . I was so surprised when he wrote back to me and said he has been divorced twice , and would love to come back to our home town to see me . I told him I was very busy -LRB- it was around the holidays -RRB- and I would contact him in a few weeks . He wrote back literally begging me to call him sooner than that so I did and we got together.To make a long story short , we had fun talking about old times , and he said he could n't wait to see me again , promised he would call the next week and come to visit , sent me e-mail saying to call him anytime , etc.So guess what happens ? I leave him a voice mail about getting together and he e-mails me that he does n't have time for me right now because of business problems and he will try to call soon ! So far the call has n't come , but I 'm not sitting around waiting for the phone to ring.It became apparent to me that he has some financial problems , and in addition , he asked me two or three times when we were together if I had money because I was talking about a trip to Vegas ! I 'm sure if I told him I owned a five million dollar house in Beverly Hills , Ca . he would n't have been too busy to call me!My point is it 's easy for middle aged women like Donna Hanover , Suzanne Phleshette , etc. to snare an old flame because they are wealthy and not middle class like I am . Even though I am still very attractive -LRB- even my old crush told me I was very pretty -RRB- , it does n't matter in the real world , the bottom line is most middle aged men are looking for wealthy middle aged women or the young Barbie type for a trophy wife -LRB- his second wife fit this category and left him after eight months when he lost his job -RRB- . Beware before you look up an old flame , you might just get what you ask for , and all the problems that come with him.As for me , he will always occupy a small place in my heart and I told him the last time we spoke that I always wish the best for him , but I 'm going to leave high school ghosts buried from now on !
 This book is a disappointment . It does n't mention the reason why people get married to someone other then `` the boyfriend '' . It questions the sincerity of long marriages in between . There is nothing to be proud of if your life was fake for 30 years or longer .
 I was put off by this titile - it seems to be pitched for women only - but I read it anyway . what do men experience ? I may want to look up my girlfriend but this book hints at risks but then glosses them over . I wish it had the informnation i was looking for . this did n't answer my questions at all .
 I love books . And I enjoyed a lost love book by Nancy Kalish , so I thought I 'd read this one too . But Donna Hanover 's book is just a collection of other people 's work and ideas , including Kalish 's , and the stories are ordinary . So I 'm glad I had the opportunity to read the Kalish book first , so I could see the difference.Celebrities should n't write books on topics they do n't know anything about . I 'm married , but that doesn ; t qualify me to write books about marriage . Just because Donna got divorced from Rudy and married her lost love doesn '' t mean she 's become an expert . This book annoyed me .
 This massage book arrived to me in a couple of days , and is in excellent condition . thanks for expediting the service .
 The scans for this reprint were low resolution , and the pages were n't even straightened . I was pretty disappointed . I 'm not going to comment on the book content at all . Just the binding and finishing .
 Actually two and a half stars . America has , unfortunately , produced fewer true `` fairy tales '' than Europe . And though Americans could enjoy the old stories , simple and universal as they are , we needed new ones with the distinctive qualities of our land . `` The Wonderful Wizard of Oz '' , American tall tales , and the comic book creations of the 1950s and 60s are what we have produced to fill the gap . When I first read this book at 7 years old , I was disappointed it was so different from the movie , which I loved then , but as I 've grown older I 've found the book to be superior , because it depicts Oz as less of a benign candyland . Despite this the book -LRB- and its sequels even more so -RRB- is seriously flawed . These are flaws of imagination
 This is an edition of The Wizard of Oz with two long critical essays by the editor . The two recent biographies of L. Frank Baum by Loncraine and Schwartz are both excellent and much better than these essays .
 The review title says it all . This book is illustrated , but it does n't have ALL the original illustrations -LRB- for example , missing the dedication to his wife , and the color plate of Dorothy holding Toto by the ear from the flying house in Chapter 1 -RRB- . Also the images are not great quality -LRB- JPEG noise -RRB- and have a yellow background around them -LRB- appearing grey on the eink kindle -RRB- . There are better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- illustrated versions out there . Always check a sample , or
 A foul , evil stench has blown into Munchkin Land ... After a hundred years in print `` The Wonderful Wizard of Oz '' has been drastically changed by one Suzi Alexander . She has added her name as an author to `` The Wonderful Wizard of Oz , '' which was written long before she was ever born . So , what has she done to deserve the co-author credit for a book that sold millions worldwide before she ever heard of it ? The `` Great and Powerful '' Suzi of Oz has judged that L. Frank Baum did n't know what he was doing and thus his great novel needed to be condensed and adapted by her for modern audiences . The original , best-selling Oz needed Suzi to save it.Tell us Suzi , Who died an made you Wizard?This is an outrage made possible because the copyright for `` The Wonderful Wizard of Oz '' has expired and so anyone can do anything they like with the text . Yes , by law it is now in the public domain . Anyone , anywhere can publish it.I have many fine editions of the original novel published by divergent companies that loved the story so much they wanted to keep making it available to more and more children as well as the child in all of us . The Suzi Alexander version , however , seems to be written not by someone who loves the the original but instead by a person who thinks she can make a better version than the one who sold all these millions of copies before she got her hands on it.May the children of the world throw a bucket of water on her and watch Suzi 's wickedness melt away.As a child who carefully memorized every single word of the original , I find the Dalmatian Press , Suzi Alexander , altered and condensed work to be nothing less than an abomination.Keep your hands off our priceless treasures ! These silver shoes do NOT belong to you!Don ' t be fooled by the cover . It may say `` The Wonderful Wizard of Oz , '' but the Dalmatian Press , Suzi Alexander version is NOT the original novel that L. Frank Baum wrote . It is not good enough to be used in fireplaces or in landfills . Suzi should attempt to write her own terrible books rather than messing with our established American classics.Suzi , If you had enough heart to love the original , you 'd have had the courage to bring it to us unblemished , but sadly you have n't got a brain and you can never go home again .
 It 's just my personal opinion but I just did n't care for this book , I love to read and I love classic books so I bought this book and I was very disappointed , I just could n't get into it and it was part of a series of books , I do n't feel like buying a whole series of Wizard Of Oz books because there are so many other classic books that I want to read that are n't part of a series and I would rather spend my spare time reading them !
 Not a bad book and it might be just what you 're looking for . 300 pages , all b & w , picture quality is only fair . I guess this book belongs in a quality library but I found it generally disappointing at the price .
 What on earth is the point of inventing Jewish roots concerning these deceptive Ethiopians when everybody knows too well why they became Jews
 I just received new copies of Beverly Cleary 's books for my library . I realized that the dust jackets were different when I ordered them ; I do n't like it , but I 've learned to live with that . Then I opened Ramona the Pest and realized that they 've replaced Louis Darling 's marvelous illustrations , with those wild , exuberant , inky pictures of a Ramona who practically leaps from the pages , with drab , dreary , bland , anodyne , pallid and uninteresting things . What an awful thing to do to wonderful books . -LRB- And I know all the arguments about `` Oh , children today are * different * , and they must have new new new pictures that look like everything else they 've ever seen because otherwise they might not read the books ... '' Bilge . -RRB- The story deserves five stars . I 've removed four of them for crimes against illustration .
 Ramona the Pest is simply about a 5-year-old kid being a pest , right ? Well , it 's more than that . The author does take us into the mind of a kindergartener , but Beezus -LRB- the oldest sister -RRB- has a reason for calling Ramona a pest . She is ! First of all , Ramona is spoiled and thinks that everyone 's against her , and anytime she wants something , she knows -- if she cries -- her mother will listen to her . Ramona Quimby is a brat and I 'm glad to see she 's grown-up , because Ramona Quimby is nothing but a whiner and spoiled brat ! Consider this before handing it to your child . I 'm 13 ... I know these things . My little sister agrees with me . -LRB- Remember , this is just an opinion -RRB-
 I remember reading this as a little girl , as a mom , BAD CHOICE !! Ramona is NOT the type of girl I want my girls to follow after !! She is so naughty & even says &#34; GOD ca n't make her mind &#34; . tossed it in the trash : -LRB-
 I was looking for a good analysis of Tootsie . The author gives a few pages of one liner analysis , then 10 pages of long list of single words , double spaced , then another 20 pages of repeatitive pointing out the obvious . Some of the pages are blank . Poor presented . Zero value . Shame on the author and the publisher .
 The childlike binding is the first giveaway that what 's inside is a very basic cocept - cause and effect , if then else ... . That 's not to say that the original book it derives from is n't any good - because it is - and someone did have to analyse these films and put the information into a coherent format ... BUT ... the book even dared to use some long dead literary officionado 's name in the same sentence as Aristotle 's ... and lo and behold his old books have shot up in price , literally thousands of pages of obscure nonsense that no-one needs to know about.Ultimately , this is a basic book - in every respect .
 A travel writing classic it says in the Product Description . I found Huxley 's account of his trip round Guatemala , Mexico and the Caribbean boring . For him , Indians are uncivilized . `` The village Indian can read , but his mind is so conditioned that he can not understand what he reads , '' he says . Still , it seems Huxley does n't think much of the masses in general ; `` The intrinsic and congenital stupidity of the majority is as great as it ever was . Universal education has created an immmense class of what I may call the New Stupid . `` After reading this , I would classify Huxley among his ranks of the New Stupid . He states on page 152 that `` to civilize primitives may be impossible '' . He seems to have been influenced -LRB- brainwashed ? -RRB- by D.H. Lawrence 's book The Plumed Serpent . According to Huxley , `` No-one has ever written more forcibly than Lawrence in The Plumed Serpent of the hopeless squalor and stuffiness of human beings who have not yet reached the spiritual and mental stage of consciousness . '' In an Indian colonel he sees `` a profound , hopeless melancholy '' . Huxley 's explanation
 Attention . This is a review of the audio not the book . The packaging of this CD leads one to believe that it is really going to be good . The content is good . But I suggest you just buy the book . The author reads his book in the most monotonous tone ever given on an audio book . I am thinking of asking for a refund . It is disturbing that a book that focuses on customer service does just the opposite by having it read so poorly . It would have taken so little effort to have had someone else read the book well . Note to non-fiction publishers
 We thought it would be nice to read 't was the night befor Christmas to the kids so we downloaded it on Christmas eve . Boy were we disappointed . The original words with nice illustrations for kids but a horrible adaptation to the kindle . It only shows one page at a time and the pictures and story are written across 2 pages so it 's pretty much in readable . Also it doesnt even show up full screen .
 This was not a `` special '' Night Before Christmas book ... and I have seenmany that are . The pictures were not `` crisp '' like children like them ... andthere were no little surprises ... which children love . I would not buy thisbook again ... or recommend it .
 Do not buy this product . I guess I was too excited thinking about my grand children getting to hear grandma and grandpa 's voice reading them the story for Christmas that I did not read the reviews . What a piece of junk . I recorded the first book and it seemed to record fine . My husband and I listened to the whole story after we recorded it and were very satisfied . We boxed it up and shipped it off to Florida from California . My son and daughter in law finally got the book to play after very much manipulating the pages but how is a child supposed to do that ? The second book we could not even get it to record properly after resetting the book twice . It would not read on some pages , and read page 4 when you were on page 6 . Amazon was nice enough to refund my money and I called the publisher to lodge a formal complaint . My next step is the BBB and Facebook . Anyone who bought this crap should Google the publisher , and call their own complaint in . This made my Christmas not as nice as it should have been . I am going to try and purchase this book from Hallmark who state they publish it themselves and do not have many returns . I hope theirs is better than this crap because the concept is fabulous .
 thankfully I bought this at the holiday special price as it is not worth the $ 6 . Words and illustrations run over and illustrations are so small there 's no way to know if they 're any good .
 I bought this book before Christmas 2011 , believing I was buying the best version available . After receiving the book , it is good quality , but in no way `` antique reproduction '' . It has the look and feel of any other kids book you would buy . I had great expectation about better paper stock and binding to make it feel more like a classic book -LRB- and reflect the price paid -RRB- . I paid $ 120 for it , and now see that the price has gone up about 50 % ??? - and I feel like I way over paid.Don ' t be duped!Don ' t buy this item!I just found a website called -LSB- ... -RSB- that actually shows antique versions of this book , and look nothing like this version .
 As I always read the reviews before I buy something , I was so surprised when I received this book the other day and it was not at all what I expected . Of course the story is great , but the quality of the book is atrocious . The cover pictures are stickers ! The back cover sticker that tells about the story is already peeling off . I guess being an heirloom edition and the high reviews led me to expect more . I have fairly realistic expectations when it comes to books , and even a dust cover over a plain cover would have been fine , but this is just cheesy and I will be returning it . If you are just looking for a copy of the book , it 's fine , but if you truly want something to enjoy year after year , this is not it .
 I ordered this book for my husband to read to our daughter on Christmas Eve - a tradition passed down through his family . When we received it , we read through it , and although the pictures are beautiful -LRB- classic Jan Brett illustrations -RRB- the illustrator decided to add her own `` twist '' on the classic poem by depicting trouble-making elves wreaking havoc in Santa 's sleigh . The main pictures do n't match the story , and the illustrations that do go with the words are shown in the small side panes . I suppose it might be a nice copy for an older kid , but for young children this seems like it would be confusing . We will be returning this book and continuing our search for a beautifully illustrated , classic version of the poem .
 This book could have been a real keeper for a toddler and one to bring back happy memories for years to come - the pages are thick cardboard , the illustrations themselves book are bright and nicely done , BUT the &#34; animotion &#34; panels are so dim they 're hard to see , and they certrainly would n't grab and hold a toddler 's attention . I would have returned it , but the return shipping fee did n't make it worth it , so it goes in the donation pile for the next library sale . Too bad .
 This is the most frustrating and horrible thing I 've ever purchased ! It is unreliable , recording bits and pieces of the text , getting it right sometimes , and then turning the page and getting it wrong most of the time.We worked for hours trying to get a completely correct recording and my husband -LRB- who does voiceovers for a living - lots of practice and experience recording ! -RRB- left saying , I 'm done , this thing is a piece of crap ! &#34;
 I was pleased with the book however I wanted to read it before Christmas and it took a whole month to get here ... maybe next year ?
 This edition includes just text , without pictures . Since I was buying this to read to my kids , I definitely wanted pictures , so I ended up buying another edition of the poem .
 The item itself was fine but the way it was described was NOT ! The seller said this item was new and it clearly was not . It was Tattered and NOWHERE near new . I sent an email to him but received no response . I will not be buying on Amazon.com in the very near future . Guess I will stick with Ebay .
 The 5-star reviews for this book ignore the fact that Jan Brett 's illustrations are Hollywoodesque and distracting from the classic poem itself . Betraying the golden rule -- If it is n't broken , do n't fix it -- Brett inserts in to additional characters . Nearly a third of the book features two unnamed elves who play with the toys and generally cause havoc on the roof as Santa fills the stockings.Instead of enhancing Clement Moore 's poem , the illustrations scream for attention . The effect drowns out the lyrical quality of this classic story . Often on facing pages you are bombarded with two full-page illustrations bookended by six additional panels , three on each side . Your eyes can only skip and stutter across the pages or risk losing any semblance of a storyteller 's cadence.This book was especially disappointing because earlier during that same bedtime reading session we enjoyedChristmas Magicby Sue Stainton and illustrated by Eva Melhuish . That book is an excellent example of how the marriage of story and illustrations can work magic for children.I wrote a 5-star review for a beautiful version of Clement Moore ` sThe Night Before Christmasillustrated by Douglas W. Gorsline and recommend you buy that book instead . Do n't give up hunting for an out-of-print copy , if necessary . Gorsline 's illustrations are heartwarming and true to the original poem .
 The Kindle download edition of this book is flawed . There is at least one entire stanza missing from the poem . Since it 's a very short poem to begin with they should at least give a discount for the missing content .
 I was greatly disappointed with this item . Nearly every page was torn . Some drawn on & some had tape over the pictures . I bought this as a gift and I am hugely disappointed . The book could n't even function .
 I bought these for my Mom who is getting up in age . I thought it would be nice for all the grandkids . It did ' t work , it only recorded part of her voice and was returned .
 We spent hours last night trying to get these books to record properly . We even tried changing the batteries . What a waste of time and money.You should be ashamed ! These are Christmas gifts for grandchildren and they are defective . I am requesting a full refund .
 I had been expecting colored illistrations -- the looked as thought the pictures were copied off my home printer in need of ink .
 This book does not not work consistently . Some pages will not work . It restarts with the slightest move of the book . Sometimes it reads the wrong page . Do not buy this product !
 The animotion is very dark and can barely be seen . It totally ruins the book . I will not be able to use it . It would have worked better to just had regular pictures .
 I was very disappointed with this product as it would not allow me to record each page like some of the other record a books i purchased this year . When i tried to reset it to the defualt it kept repeating the first page recording for each page and still would not allow me to record my voise . Very disappointing and did not receive it in time to get it into the mail in time for christmas , especially after i ordered it back in novemeber .
 I was looking for this title to share with my first grade class , this is not the one , all words
 Well , it 's the same classic story and I thought my 2 year old might like the added &#34; AniMotion &#34; stuff , so I chose this version . Unfortunately , the parts that utilized the AniMotion were so dark , it was really hard to see what it was . I 'm not sure if you have to look at it in exactly the right angle -LRB- I tried -RRB- or if I just got a bad copy , but I was pretty disappointed .
 The words were translated incorrectly or changed . Very strange and a few misspellings . I am glad I only spent .99 on it .
 I forgot my copy of `` The Night Before Christmas '' , so I bought this to quickly fill in . What a disappointment ! We viewed it on the iPad . The illustrations were dull in color with little to interest two small children . My girls are 1 and 4 . The 4-year-old has been able to recite this poem since she was 2 . She loves the story , but not this book . There was n't a page for every stanza , and my children like a fast , page turning book . I ca n't recommend this edition .
 This book misspells one of the reindeer names , listing `` Donner '' as `` Donder '' . I bought this hoping to read it with my son each year at Christmas . I 'd rather have a book without a typo .
 It seems that now that we know the risks associated with the depiction of smoking characters for the youngest of readers it might be a good idea to limit the exposure to Santa as having a pipe and smoking in the middle of the Moore 's living room . Is it okay to change a classic and a much loved poem if it means helping children wellbeing ? I think it is important and not a difficult change to make .
 I had forgotten about the order and just about the time I wasthinking of it it came next day.Excellent service.With some of these online purchases they do n't work and causeproblems but Amazon seem to come through . It 's a bit of a riskordering online so I was very pleased . I have been looking for aChristmas book I had as a child and this seem closest.The shipping is high tho for Canadians.Georgina S Frazer
 This book seems to have 4 or 5 versions of the story being told all at once , and out of order . The pictures did n't correlate to the text . It was completely confusing and very frustrating , as I was really looking forward to reading the timeless tale to my daughter on Christmas Eve night . A blind and deaf person must have put the book together . It is the only explanation .
 With close to default Kindle settings , the images are not on the same page as the corresponding text . This can not be seen from the sample , since it contains only the title pages and the first page of the introduction . Switching to landscape does n't resolve either , nor text sizing .
 As far as the poem , it is exactly that . However there are many typos , including double capital letters at the beginning of nearly every sentence . The spacing between paragraphs is large and leaves one and a half paragraphs on every page . Looks like someone took a classic and tried to quickly format it for a kindle trying to make a quick buck for the holidays . Save your time and money , there are good copies to be had .
 Though IBM recommends this , DO NOT buy this for the Test 158 . The best thing to do is to download the FREE pdfs Websphere 4.0 App Server Handbook , and ` EJB with VisualAge ' , print them and study those . I wasted my money .
 This book does not tell you anything useful.I am an experienced J2EE developer and spend 2 dayson it and do not find anything helpful .
 This book is based on websphere 3.5 , you may think it is okay , but things have changed too much from version 3.5 to version 5.0 , it is useless under version 4 too ! . In version 3.5 the administration was done using a windows GUI but in version 4.0 web administration was introduced so all menues are gone , the examples are useless ! . OK , the desing patterns presented are good but maybe not worth the money .
 This book had several problems that made me want to put it down . First of all , the organization of the chapters of the book is quite confusing
 I bought this book for the following reasons : * Seemed to cover J2EE including J2EE , including EJB development for WebSphere * Included a chapter on WSAD -LRB- Websphere Studio Application Developer -RRB- * High customer reviews * Low price -LRB- for used book -RRB- My biggest mistake was not to realize that the book was based on Websphere version 3.5 and the chapter on WSAD is based on version 3.5 as well , so this book was barely useful for me.It does have a good overview of J2EE , EJBs and Websphere , so I think that 's what explains the high ratings
 it lacks of what it preaches no visual book at all . very few examples much history . might be good for school but not for lean manufacturing professionals
 NO AUDIO SAMPLE INCLUDE !!!!?????? I just ca n't believe that!How can a dummies learn drums from this book without the audio sample ? It my fault that I did n't check it all out before I brought . At last , I found the note `` Note
 This book spends too much time on all different types of drums rathar than concentrating on what I , and a majority of people who buy this book want it for
 I had purchased this product to learn how to drum better on my kit , and there is complaint about that at this moment , but when opening this product I was very happy granted the book was a little beat up , but I was fouine with that . The only problem I had was the CD was split in half ! Now If he can send me a new CD I would be very happy and would change my feedback.Thank you
 I never recieved my book and Amazon still has not refunded me for cancelled orders . I am extremely dissatisfied and will not use Amazon in the future .
 I needed this for our class , so I bought it , but our teacher always put the exercises in C major instead of the intended key . I got so angry at him , and then he would do it just to make me angry . This book needs to have a teacher-proof method for always making the teacher play the exercises in the right key !
 This review is not a review of the book -LRB- which , I guess , serves it 's purpose just fine -RRB- , but a review of the price . $ 70 for a spiral-bound book !?!?!?! As if college is n't expensive enough already .
 Mr Jordan first started the style of branching out new sub plots from the main ones in Book 3 . At that time , I was quite impressed that he could actually compile the various little storylines into 1 book and all seem to be interconnected.However , in Book 4 & 5 -LRB- esp . 5 , The Fires of Heaven -RRB- , he definitely overstretched his limits . No longer do I see the clearly defined links between those little plots . The storylines revolving around -LCB- Rand -RCB- and -LCB- Nynaeve + Elayne -RCB- have absolutely no connections at all . It 's just like reading 2 completely different short stories compiled together in a book . Those meetings in dreams between Eqwene and Nynaeve seem a feeble attempt by Jordan to show that the 2 different stories are actually related.The 300 pages on Nyn . & Elayne 's travels are stuffed with insignificant details . -LRB- 70 odd pages were spent on describing their lives with the circus ? Is this book about circus life ? -RRB- Last but not least , the ending , I believe was quite poorly done and predictable . Mat roasted by Rhavin ? Of course he wont die and the only way to do it is burning Rhavin with balfire . I think that most people would have guessed that as well.I really hope book 6 can pack more punch .
 If it was n't for Perrin and Mat I 'd give up on this series.The first three books thrilled me . I loved the world and the characters , knowing that there was going to be at least another 8 of these was amazing.How could it all go so wrong so fast.I 've gone from loving and caring about Rand to thinking the sooner the mad man dies the better . All the women have turned into an absurd caricature of a universal Womens Circle . Jordan endlessly repeats himself -LRB- I can only think it is for people who have picked up the books half way through , because surely he does n't need to remind his readers minor points after this long -RRB- and his plot devices are childlike at times.I admit that he is keeping me reading these books and that is for two reasons 1 . I want to be there when Rand dies and 2 . I have to read something while I wait for the new George RR Martin book to come out.If there is anyone out there who reads Robert Jordan and has n't read George RR Martins ' A Song of Ice and Fire ' series I suggest you switch NOW .
 Close to two years ago , I started reading The Wheel of Time series . I was pretty hooked once I read The Eye of the World . Now , four books later , here I am at The Fires of Heaven . I started this book OVER a year ago . Over the months , I have trudged my way through this book page by page at some points.Jordan had a solid storyline going for him , so where did he go wrong ? Here are a few things that may answer this.First and foremost , he seems to have become completely convinced that the quantity of pages in each book outweighs the quality of them . The first book was around 800 pages . Thats fine . The next one , I believe , was shorter . Now though , each next book gets more difficult to fit in my hand . The main cause is that he spends nearly an entire page or more to tell us that ... `` The sun is hot . '' If a blade of grass was bent on the other side of the castle , he makes sure we know about it . He spends way too much time with description instead of the story . Each step our characters take seem to take a chapter . -LRB- Gamers , have you noticed how these books are more like sidequests in a game ? Simply there to keep you a little occupied before the grand finale ... only , you HAVE to do the sidequests ! -RRB- Also , in his descriptions , he forms sentences that are the lengths of paragraphs . Obviously , he wants to prove that he 's capable of forming complex sentences . Unfortunately , he fails miserably . Simply because it annoys me now to not know what the heck was just said , I have found myself rereading sentences over and over to no avail of making sense out of these bunched up sentence fragments . Terrible grammar skills has he ... . I could be a grammar teacher now that I 've had so much practice observing what is bad.Maybe the more hooked readers have n't noticed , or refuse to , that many characters seem to have very little diversity from one another . Elayne , Egwene , the wise ones and just about every other female character seem to sound like an old , bickering nanny whom all have nothing but confusing `` sayings '' to say . Most of them are also red-heads too ... . Honestly , I used to like them . Now , it really would n't bother me if a couple of them just ... vanished . He does do a better job with the male characters however.Also , have any of you people noticed how this series is subtly becoming a ... porn tale ? Jordan had me convinced that the showing of a woman 's ankles was controversial in his world . Now , it seems that its become offensive to NOT have sweaty , naked women giving massages by the fireplace and sneaking off into Rand 's room to seduce him -LRB- I never said I disliked this change mind you ! I merely find it quite odd . -RRB- Overall , he 's gotten in over his head now . The story grows ever complex and you wonder what he WO N'T suddenly add in . One of our characters has suddenly gained the ability to make ser and ter ` angreals -LRB- something not done since `` the breaking of the world . '' -RRB- . Some of these sudden additions not only make ZERO sense , but are completely annoying . My prediction is that by the 15th book , Rand and a crazy old lady from Tear whill have created Grenade Launchers and B-52 bombers.I constantly find myself wondering who many people , that he had previously introduced , are . With too much rubbish having been said in these books , I just find myself guessing when this or that happened or who the heck he or she is . I guess that I 've simply grown accustomed to not caring about so many things in this . I have bought pretty much the entire series though ... or have I . In five years , I may discover that I 'll have ANOTHER ten books to buy . How many more nannies must come and seduce Rand and how many times must everything be retold from a different angle !! I 've almost confused myself trying to clearly disect all of this ... . All I can say for myself is that I 've wasted my time -LRB- and money -RRB- if I do n't continue my trudging . There are still more irritating flaws that I may have overlooked . Sorry for the length of this . Just thought I 'd give the rest of you a heads up on this one . If you 're new to all of this , buy a DragonLance book instead . The plot is deeper , takes less time and gives you more innovative and emotional characters for you to get attached to . I still think this story has massive potential , but perhaps if someone else were in charge of the writing , editing and etc. ...
 It took me a long time to read this book because the story was not very interesting for large spans of the book , and I really dislike the character Nynaeve.Spoiler Alert Below : However , the one thing that I really , really resent about the book was Jordan 's very poor choices in presenting the story . There were basically three climatic events in the story
 By this time this series has squandered what potential it had and become little more than a teenage soap opera , and a bad one at that . Our intrepid characters once again bravely wander the countryside , occasionally taking the trouble to slay a number of really scary Trollocs , still apparently the most common enemy . We have budding ` relationships ' abounding - Elaine might love Rand , but so might Aviendha ... etc.Some find this exciting , but I do n't , and by this time I 'm tired of this series . It has none of the scope of Tolkien 's grand work , or Pullman 's beautiful His Dark Materials . There 's nothing driving it forward , hardly anything holding it together but a final conflict with the ` Dark One ' . For such a simple plot this series is astonishingly long . And , just because its long does n't mean it has anything good about it -LRB- as many readers erroneously assume -RRB- . Most of the book is full of sterile and pointless details and descriptions . If I wanted to read a bad soap opera/history book of Randland I would pick this up , but for no other reason .
 I love Robert Jordan , do n't get me wrong . He is an * extremely * gifted author -- the rare type of writer that can make you fly through a thousand pages and hungrily run to the bookstore for the next installment . He is definitely one of my favorite authors.Or was . Until he decided to join the ranks upon ranks of fantasy -LRB- and fiction in general -RRB- authors who seem to believe that the sex is more important than the story . If that sort of reading does n't bother you , please , go ahead , enjoy . It * does * bother me , however , and so I -LRB- very , very sadly , because I want to know how the whole Lan/Nynaeve thing turns out ! * pout * -RRB- set down the Wheel of Time.True , Fires of Heaven is n't all * that * explicit . But from what I remember , Eye of the World was almost totally clean . If in five books Jordan goes from practiaclly G to PG-13 , I really do n't want to read what he does in the next four.And I wish that Perrin had been present in this book -- at all.Maybe I could edit my copy ... : -LRB-
 Just the 3 first of the serie are somehow worth the reading . Following the readers review I bought straight the 9 first books . What a mistake . the Game of Thrones or even Sword of truth series are far better than the Wheel of time serie . It is as if Robert Jordan is paid by the line like the french writers from the 19th century , Balzac , Flaubert etc. . . So far I have finished 1 to 7 . From the 4th -LRB- till 7th -RRB- they just are impossible to finish . Like chewing branflakes forever and being unable to swallow it.I really regret I went further the third.Do not make my mistake unless slow rythm and low level action is what you seek.Robert Jordan has also the gift for beginning threads of stories with no intention of closing them , creating new characters without really caring to give them substance , depth or real influence on the plot.My recommendation
 Yes ... I liked The Eye of the World , The Great Hunt , thought The Dragon Reborn was okay , and thought The Shadow Rising was great , but later everything gets bad . Yes ... Robert has lost his touch . HE OVERUSES DETAIL . No , I do NOT care about what dresses Elayne and Egwene are wearing ... I care about the characters ' feelings . Robert beat the series into oblivion -LRB- eight books and still counting ?! -RRB- , unlike David Eddings , who had The Belgariad be only five WONDERFUL books . Robert was great in the beginning , but was unable to hold on , and lapsed into repetetiveness .
 I gave it two stars because , other than the big battle about 3/4 of the way through , it was too slow ! Perrin was n't even in the book at all , and he is my favorite charater . This book is definitly not up to par with its predecesors .
 Well , this book was almost boring ! Only because it 's a Wheel of time book I kept on reading . I must say
 Ah ... here is a book you can slam down on someone 's leg and break it . The sheer size of `` Fires '' is impressive , so I snuggled down to chew this one up , prepared for the literary ride of my life ... . and found that this book has nothing . There is no content in this book that can explain the 800 plus pages . I somehow finished it and to this day , ca n't remember a thing that was in it . All I recall is the ending was great , the last 50 or so pages were tremendous , but everything else was a waste of paper . What got accomplished in this book ? I ca n't recall anything in this book , whatever emotions I had ... who knows ? All I remember thinking is that Mr.Jordan should have ended this series long ago , with book 3 . Instead , he insists on churning out huge volume after huge volume , and expects people -LRB- rightfully so , because they are -RRB- to eat these books up . I 'm sorry , but 8 volumes of this is too much . I made it to `` Lord of Chaos '' but gave up after that . Book 1 was great , book 2 , book 3 ... and then it started to dwindle away , to utter monotony and repetitive , bone-dry BORING fantasy . `` Fires of Heaven '' may be considered a classic by Jordan fans , but I feel like a threw down _ bucks for a large block of paper . Utter boredom , disappointment in where this series went . Mr.Jordan , END IT .
 I am compelled to submit a review because my experience with this series is very much at odds with a lot of the other reviews , so I want to offer another perspective . I have given up on this series after slogging through the first 41/2 books -LRB- I gave the series a reasonable chance -RRB- , because there are too many other good things to read out there and I ca n't devote any more precious reading time to a series that does nothing for me.The background story/universe of this series had a lot of potential , but it is never realized . This book and all the books so far -LRB- and , I 'm assuming the rest of the books would follow suit -RRB- are about 85 % repetitive filler , 10 % new/interesting background material , and 5 % events and developments that actually move the story forward -LRB- and very little of this being what I would call ` action ' ; action in this series is quite tame - I almost said ` lame ' -RRB- . Most of the background material , of the universe itself or the characters , is the same background material stated over and over again ; so the characters -LRB- and the universe itself -RRB- do not actually have any depth or complexity . I think that Jordan does this to continually bring what might be new readers up to speed , which completely annoys me . To have to read 600 pages for only a few -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating here -RRB- moments of wonder , awe , surprise , shock , sadness , concern , etc. , or even just the story moving forward -LRB- the rest of the time spent thinking , ` OK , I 've already learned this information 5 times in the first 3 books , when is something actually going to happen ? -RRB- is not even close to being worth the effort.I do want to recommend one fantasy series that I feel is one of the best things I 've ever read -LRB- in any genre -RRB- , and which excels at these qualities I find so lacking in Jordan 's series - and that is Steven Erikson 's Malazan Book of the Fallen . All 5 stars , all awe-inspiring , with a far , far richer universe and hundreds of characters all with their own personalities and who you care about , unbelievably exciting and compelling -LRB- and brutal -RRB- action , revelations coming at breakneck speed , all the threads coming together beautifully in the end . One warning
 I like the Jordan series , but the battle of the sexes is becoming fastidious . It 's commendable the way Jordan has cast women into powerful roles in the series , but he has done so to a fault . It seems to me that women are not only equal to the men , but superior . The women can hardly say anything at all about the men without some dispariging remark . If the roles were reversed and the comments about the men were made about women , the series would n't survive . This book seems to be the culmination of predominant sexist theme in the book . The sexism is the antithesis of what we see in the real world , and it is just as irritating . The book itself is good if you can ignore this feature , or if it does n't bother you . The idea of Elayne bonding Rand just seems absurd to me and it castrates what should be the most powerful character in the series . Of course I 'll keep reading , I have too much time invested in the series to stop now .
 I 'm actually listening to these books on audio while I wait and wait and wait for George R.R. Martin to finish A Feast of Crows -LRB- 4th book in the excellent Song of Fire and Ice series -RRB- . I understand this is taking him so dang long because he wants to `` do it right '' . Wow , what a concept , GRRM could certainly churn out just as much blather as Jordan has been.I actually hated the first book in this series , but I kept on because in my one hour commute to work I have nothing better to do than listen to how men can not understand women and how women think men are bullheaded/arrogant/stupid / selfish and oh did I mention stubborn ? I put up with the male/female characters tiring global stereotypes of the opposite gender in books 2-4 because it did n't detract -LRB- too much -RRB- from the main plot of the books . Here 's where it all went wrong . There are about 5-6 interesting things that happen in this book to further expand the `` pattern '' , the rest is filler and really annoying/tiring filler at that.The few interesting chapters from Mat 's perspective push my rating up from a 1 to a 2 star rating . Some of the stuff from Rand 's perspective is also pretty well written . That 's it though , seriously.Despite all this I find that I just ca n't jump off this now clearly sinking ship . I want to know just how bad it gets , I hear book 10 is pretty abysmal . Unfortunately I have to wait for unabridged audio versions of books 6-8 to be released before I can hit rock bottom . Thankfully I have to drive to work no matter what so it 's not like I 'll be wasting any time ...
 I am sorry ; it must be me , not Mr. Jordan . I could not finish this book . I tried to read it three times , skimming most of it . I listened to the abridged book on tape and the unabridged , losing interest both times . I did read two interesting scenes but the rest left me wanting to move on to the next book in hopes that it could hold my interest as the others have .
 The Wheel of Time series is `` New Age '' fantasy . Channeling , a new age technique , is the only form of magic in this series . The series GARBAGE ! I 've read much better fantasy than Robert Jordan . For example , Terry Goodkind 's Sword of Truth series is 100 times BETTER than the Wheel of Time ! I wasted my time reading the 1st 6 books , and I am glad I had the sense to stop there ! Do n't waste your money buying JUNK ! Do n't waste your time reading this JUNK !
 After the first 4 Jordan books , I was on board . I thought number 4 was just as good as the rest , if a bit long-winded . But something about number 5 just turned me off . Halfway through this book it hit me that this series was never going to end , and even if it does , there 's no way it can be worth the effort . At page 800 of this book , I bailed . That was 4 years ago . I do not regret the decision , and still have n't . Let me compare this series to another series I recently read , the Earthsea series by Leguin . I had never heard of these books , until a friend recommended them -LRB- apparently the scifi channel just made a tv version of Earthsea , and my friend was telling me all about it -RRB- . Do yourself a favor , if you have never heard of this series , go to the library , and get `` A wizard of earthsea '' . It 's only 200 pages . Read the first 50 or 100 , and if you do n't like it , fine . But let me tell you , it is the polar opposite of Jordan . Leguin can do more with 50 pages than Jordan can do with 500 . No exageration . This book moves by so fast , you ca n't skim . At all . You can read it in an evening . Not only will it be a nice refresher from Jordan , but you 'll lose all respect for JK Rowling in the process . Read it and you 'll see what I mean .
 I think writing these reviews for Jordan books are like grouptherapy . `` Hi , my name is ... and I suffer from WOTmania . I started reading long time ago but I have n't been able to stop it and it has teared my life apart . `` And everybody else in group is nodding . Some are saying yes I know how you feel but ... maybe it ends some day . Or sure they hope so.No ... really , somehow Jordan reminds me of myself as writer . I have played some rolegames when I was younger and I 'm great making new worlds with interesting characters but at least I know when to stop . Jordan does n't . I like that books are almost perfect . I mean that there are n't too many unnecessary words to describe something that reader does n't want to know like Lini 's advice number 44544576 and does Nynaeve change his clothes in the dreamworld and thinks like that . As said they are useless . At least after the time you have heard those words thousand times.Somehow I feel that all the characters in the books are living in some kind of fantasyworld . No , I 'm not kidding . Everybody seem to have this terrible important mission to achieve but they hardly do anything about it until someone shows them the way . Then they achieve with almost no action at all.Let 's face it . Jordan 's characters are dull . Women even more than men . Women in the books just dream over something that never really has happened like twelve year olds . I mean not only the young women but also the more mature ones . It 's pretty clear that age scale for this of series is about 15 years old . Just like Eddings books.In the books , men are like they do n't know anything about women.Women are like they know everything about men.How funny . I 'm almost laughing . The series is based into this kind of small jokes and the thing that Rand al ` Thor and his companions must face the evil one as in all the other series . Well , I think I know as well as you how that is going to end . I do n't really even wait that series ends but that something would happen between the start of the book and the end . If nothing happens it 's like watching photo of something when I could watch moving picture and I like movies more.Watch my point ? I have tired of seeing that nothing happens . Jordan draws wonderful world and then let 's it be . I 'm tired of Rand killing another forsaken in seconds when before that he has used like dozen of lifetimes thinking should he do it or not.Just like this review Jordan 's book are full of rambling . Nothing else . But I warn you . If you touch the first book , The Eye of the World and you may become ill . It 's called WOTmania and it wo n't stop until bookserie stop . Then you will wake up from the dream and understand what you have just read and how many pages of it . Then you can use those pages for some better purpose.So my message is
 I really like the book and the series.BUT ... the publisher is outrageously overcharging for the electronic version of this book ... and others in the series . The pre-order price is $ 9.99 and the trade paper back is $ 7 and it can also be ordered NEW for as low as $ 4.99 . There is no reason but ripping off the consumer to charge this much . There are virtually no costs in the ebook version , but there are production and distribution costs in the hardback , paperback and mass market paperback . So , if the publisher charges more that the lowest print version price , they are making a higher profit . There is no indication that the author -LRB- or in this case , sadly , his estate -RRB- receives more royalty than for the print version . So , this means higher profits for the publisher.I have written to the publisher about this and the lack of their books in ebook format and they have chosen not to respond .
 If you like man bashing , arrogant women . This is the book for you . I thought that the women would get better as the series went on , but it 's much worse . I do n't understand what they are so angry about . It 's bizarre.This entire book is basically dedicated to these snippy , condescending , man hating women . I do n't know if I can continue the series . About 900 pages of this is too much . OK , OK men are stupid ... I get it.I have to say my favorite part of the series so far was when Egwene got beat to a pulp.I wonder if Robert Jordan is really a man ?
 Mr. Jordan appears to have a phenomenal eye for detail , and has the potential to be a very good writer , but his work is crippled by clear imitation and by a certain emotional sterility . He lifts his primary cultures and the vast detail that accompanies them straight from European and Asian history , without either truly transforming them into his own vision , as did Tolkien , or unashamedly acknowledging his sources , as does Guy Gavriel Kay . In terms of emotional relations , this book is exhausting ! Jordan 's characters live in a sterile world in which endless dominance and status games stand in for real emotions , feelings , or relationships . Physical punishment is the primary indicator of a character 's status or lack thereof . After a while I found this repetitive . I lost count of the time people `` howled , '' and found that I really wanted a character to come up with a way of solving problems or managing impossible situations other than resorting to position , place , and force . One either submits or is dominant in this world . The series appeared to me to be a romp through a comic book world with characters who have the emotional maturity of early adolescents -LRB- or the type of person who seeks out a military life because of its overt hierarchy and rules , and can not function outside that clearly delineated environment -RRB- . If you want good writing , intellectual stimulation , and solid psychological exploration in light fiction , read Laurie King , Ursula Le Guin , Robin McKinley , or Mary Doria Russell . If you want a sensitive and hard-hitting treatment of torture and pain , read Susan Matthews and Mary Doria Russell . Jordan , unfortunately , has turned his early potential not in the direction of richness , but to an adolescent soap opera .
 I read the previous books and they were great !!! But this is a bit farfetched . I do n't want to read a soap opera . That 's what it 's like . Characters argue about nothing , stupid , unimportant things happen . all the characters bicker endlessly with each other . jordan wants to be another tolkien , so hes describing everything describable . it 's a very bad book . it 's too long . read the previous books . do n't bother with this one . his writing is n't good either . there is too many mistakes . sentences are bad . i ca n't believe people actually like this . do n't let your children read it , there 's nasty stuff .
 The first 4 books were not too bad , but hold on to your seat , because it is downhill from here . Jordan loses focus with book 5 , or maybe he never had a focus to begin with . Certain themes which have been beaten to death are beaten more
 After coming off a great like The Shadow Rising I expected something much better than what was delivered by the long and boring Fires of Heaven . In TFOH Rand searches for the Shaido and the False Car ` a ` carn , Couladin . While Rand is going mad Mat is puzzling over what to do about Aes Sedai , what happened to him in Rhuidean , a hot Aiel chick , And two dorrways into different worlds . Egwene continues to be taught of dreamwalking and Aiel customs by The Wise Ones while Elayne and Nyneave hunt Black Ajah and hide from one of the Forsaken . One of the worst parts of this book is that one of my favorite characters , Perrin , is only mentioned in passing and plays no other role . Bottom Line
 Ewww . This is talent ? Wasting hundreds of pages to describe a story that could have been done in perhaps 100-150 ? Introducing more character `` depth '' by reducing them to a primitive challenge of genders ? Slaughtering likability by murdering characters who used to be so intriguing and giving them all calloused , self-centered , two-year-old mentalities?Everyone in the Wheel of Time starts acting as if business is as usual and you get the feeling no real story is being told . Page after page , you hope that it is all to make some wonderful observation . But it never is . The Fires of Heaven ultimately can not be saved by such amusing conundrums like * saying in a ladyish voice * Elmindreda or by shocking plot twists like deaths or Tower betrayals , it all seems so much like ... a comic book.No character growth . And there should be character growth , we should not have to buy two more books just to see extremely slight nuances hinting at very small character changes . Pl ! ot begins your narrative and keeps it fresh , but ultimately only good characters will ever distinguish popular work.Jordan 's style is so rote by this time , you can almost imagine the words yourself . And why must he explain every single thought process of each character , as well all his points for readers he obviously does not consider intelligent enough to take in what little symbolism there is and make their prejudices so blatant and hellish ? Why does he reduce them to one dimension by using sex , when he could have expanded them past anything else there was in this genre ? Why do we never see them highly effected by what happens to them ? That 's just not realistic , no mattter how stubborn Emond 's Fielders are . Furthermore , there is a weakening of the diversity by making all men essentially the same with little differences and all women follow the same line of thinking . The nations all have the same problems and their interesting civilizations are now rote memorizations.A ! shame . Truly a shame , Jordan had to come to this . Where did ! all the plot elements go ? Jordan has completely lost control of them and his so-called imagination .3 out of 10 . Only bother with it if you must know what happens next -- like a horrid soap opera -- and if you can stand Aviendha and Sorilea . A few bright seconds -LRB- the ending was predictably tolerable -RRB- , but not much .
 When I first started reading this series , I thought it showed promise . I now have to admit I was wrong . Since this series began , these books have done nothing but rehash the same plot . And the plot was n't all that interesting in the first place . This book was absolutely awful!I barely managed to finish the thing at all . I 'm never going to read another book by Mr. Jordan , Wheel of Time or any other .
 This volume is where I gave up on the `` Wheel of Time '' series . The scenes became too repetitious , all the characters started sounding alike , and the overall story had long since lost its direction . Strange , but I recall being impatient during the first 100 pages of volume I , `` Eye of the World . '' That was just a hint of the frustration to come . Jordan created what could have been a fascinating world with a well-imagined matriarchal society , and hinted at many intriguing things about its past ... then drifted off into endless scenes with the female characters b *** hing about the men . If the series ever ends , the publisher should hire somebody to boil the whole thing down to 1,500 pages or so .
 After the well paced , throughly enjoying start of this series , The Fires of Heaven shifted Robert Jordan 's overrated series into a new , slower gear ... a gear that it still has not shifted out of , as any reader of A Path of Daggers will tell you . It is here that he decided to fragment his epic story into several hundred subplots , peopled by several hundred minor , flat characters , and written with several hundred repeated phrases and descriptions.Rather than continue on with a focused , interesting tale , Jordan instead decided to create the never-ending Melrose Place of fantasy , with characters popping in and out at a head spinning pace . A terrible waste of paper.Read the first three books in this series as a trilogy , then , for the love of god , stop their before you get sucked in ...
 I do n't know what happened . Mat is losing his role as a major character towards the end of this and Rand is becoming boring . The women are peevish and do not understand men as they thought they did . It make me angry to read this when the previous ones were terrific . I do hope that will change .
 `` When will it end ?? NEVER ! MUWHAHAHAHAHA ! `` REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS ***** First off , up until this point , I found the series moderately entertaining -LRB- especially the 2nd book -RRB- . Granted , in every book , there are certain aspects of Jordan 's redundant writing that are very annoying . For instance , the childish , and extremely immature thoughts and actions of the female characters . Realistically , in a time period like that , if a woman acted as arrogant and sexist as they do in this book series , they would get a good `` thumping '' and be forced to learn from their mistakes -LRB- As would anyone really -RRB- . Instead , the men grovel like slaves around the women . It 's very annoying and infinitely un-realistic . Even in fantasy , there are certain rules one must follow pertaining to the characteristics of the human race . Hardly anyone in this series of books makes a rational , practical decision . There is hardly any Logic here , and when someone who is supposedly `` Wise '' speaks up , its merely common sense that hopefully everyone in real life should , and probably does know . Most of the so-called `` intellectual '' sayings in this book bassically translate to somthing a 10 year-old kid would know.Human characteristics aside , Jordan has a great attention to detail when it comes to scenery -LRB- Clothing , geography , battle fields etc. . . -RRB- Hardly anything is left out . I suppose this is good , if one really wants to leave the real world and become part of the reality that Jordan has created.But here we are ... at the 5th book . I hate to say it , but not enough happened in the time-line to justify 5 long books . Sometimes , it is hard to tell just how much time has passed from one point to another . Jordan has virtually no sense of time at all in these books . This can either be as an excuse for such a long series , or its just basically poor writing . I 'm a little undecided on that.This book is full of the usual aspects that the previous 4 had :1 . Most of the men ca n't think for themselves -LRB- However there are a number of Characters that I do like allot . Uno , Julian , Matt , Asmodean , Lan , Thom , Loial -LRB- Who is n't even in this one . . go figure -RRB- What happened to Elays ?? Uhg . .2 . The female characters whine and complain like my 2 year old daughter3 . Rand 's increase in the One Power , is directly proportional to how much of a complete idiot he is turning into . It all started when he absolutely refused to believe he was the Dragon Reborn -LRB- End of Book 1 I believe -RRB- . It takes him a number of books to finally stop being so damn immature and finally step up , and take action . This is the ultimate annoying aspect in this series . Rand attains the ` Sword that can not be touched ' . A weapon that can level cities ... What does he do ? Shoves it into the floor at the Stone Of Tear , and scampers off into the woods for another adventure . Wow . . smart huh ? 4 . The Forsaken are scheming as usual . It 's a mystery to me that they were picked by the Dark One . Powerful as they may be , they 're mostly stupid , too paranoid , and un-trustworthy of one another . It would make more sense to create a truce and simply eliminate Rand . They could . Everyone knows they could . But they do n't ... Frustration level ever increasing ... This series seems to remind me of a poorly written play with too many characters to have on stage at any given time . Jordan seems to shove various ones on for certain amounts of time , then shove them off , with hardly a word of goodbye.Something that I must point out is the way Jordan decides to kill off , or deal with the `` Evil '' characters . This whole re-incarnation nonsense is spoiling the importance , and fear of death . I believe it is wrong to kill off so many `` Evil '' characters at one time . Characters that have potential are eliminated.And yes ... Asmodean . Here comes my biggest gripe of all . . I rather liked Asmodean , his character was interesting , and it was rather refreshing to have someone cross over from the `` Evil '' side , to `` Good '' side -LRB- Even if it was un-willingly -RRB- . He does provide a lot of insight for Rand . If I was a Forsaken , I would defiantly cross over to Rand 's side , it only makes sense . BUT ... Instead of keeping Asmodean alive and allowing him to help Rand with his great struggle ... He 's killed off at the end of the book.Right there , Jordan drops a huge amount of story potential , and trades it for the same , un-inventive , one-sided drivel that the rest of this book contains . Then Rand goes on to Kill Rhavin . Another interesting Character wasted . Lanfear has also been killed -LRB- as far as we know -RRB- . Again , another interesting character wasted . I could care less about Moraine . After the first book , her character is basically rendered useless , and is completely unneeded.All in all , Jordan has a tendency to do away with the interesting characters -LRB- Hurin , Ingtar , Elays etc. . -RRB- And keep the boring , immature ones . -LRB- Nynaeve , Egwene , Elayne , Aviendha etc. . . -RRB- The series is simply too long , and I 'm positive it has over 1000 pages of material that needs to be discarded . If Lord of Chaos is as bad as this one , I 'm burning my collection and sending the remains to Jordan 's house.So , to those who are in the midst of this series like I am , I say to you ; ` Welcome back my friends , to the show that never ends ' .
 As this is not a new book , there are many reviews published here on Amazon . The great majority of the reviews are correct in making the same point
 I begin to get the sensations that many other reviewers have outlined from my reading of book 5 . The pace seems to be slowing down , apart from the obligatory speed-up in the last 100 pages , there seems little in the way of action in this book . My interest level is ebbing , and book 12 looks a long way away from here . I start wondering if its time to quit , while Im ahead , so to speak.I believe around 500 pages could be cut from this volume .100 pages cut from Nynaeve 's introspection / anger50 pages cut from Aes Sedai gossiping70 pages - the entire `` circus '' episode cut50 pages from Rand 's repetitive thought processes50 pages from Elayne50 pages from EgweneThe remaining 130 pages could be cut from random clothing descriptions / minor characters who serve no plot purpose.This is not a good book . There , I 've said it . Books 1-4 were good , but this is the first truly bad one . I will read book 6 ... but the jury is out .
 Well , I made it through book five . I started the Wheel of Time series over a year ago and with each successive book it takes me longer and longer to finish . Like an all-you-can-eat buffet , I started out fast and now -LRB- with three books left -RRB- I 'm more than full . Oh , I 'll make it through books six , seven , and eight , but I 'm reading -LRB- or eating -RRB- to fulfil a mission rather than out of hunger.That said , I wo n't comment much on the book itself -LRB- I 've also written amazon reviews for the previous novels -RRB- . The same usual stuff happens . Elayne and Nynaeve bicker like adolescents . Egwene and Rand bicker like adolescents . Mat chases women . Trollocs attack at will . There 's a big final confrontation -LRB- gosh , I hope I 'm not spoiling things -RRB- at the end . Jordan 's juvenile obsession with female nudity and sexuality continues . In short , it 's the same old , same old.Rather , I feel like spewing out some thoughts on why this series has received so much attention . Why are there so many readers who ca n't make it through the first ten pages of The Lord of the Rings -LRB- yep , it 's true , read through the Amazon comments to see how many readers place Jordan above Toliken -RRB- but who CAN make it through EIGHT books and nearly 7,000 pages of this series?Fantasy is an ancient genre . There are elements of fantasy in the Bible , in Greek Mythology . In fact , it is impossible to date just how far back fantasy goes . Our more typical conception of fantasy -LRB- dragons , battles , elves , fairies , etc. -RRB- show up in Beowulf , the epic poem , The Faerie Queen , and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight . Most recently , of course , in the 20th century , J.R.R. Tolkien -LRB- who , by the way , translated Gawain -RRB- , Ursula LeGuin , and John Gardner -LRB- in his novel Grendel -RRB- have carried on the tradition . Sadly , though , this sense of tradition is what is missing from the Wheel of Time series . I really do n't believe that Jordan is well aware of the broader tradition that he 's writing in.So what tradition IS Jordan writing in ? I may be going out on a precarious limb here , but Jordan 's novels seem to stem from the more modern , attention-deficit disordered , quasi-Advanced Dungeons and Dragons/Role Play-gaming tradition . The Wheel of Time is a like a PC RPG put in words . There 's a loosely structured main theme -LRB- Rand must defeat the Dark One -RRB- and inbetween there 's a bunch of side missions and marching to and fro -LRB- the equivalent of roaming around gathering experience points -RRB- . Along the way certain characters , with this accumulation of experience , recieve added skills -LRB- the ability to channel or channel with newly learned powers -LRB- healing , calling wind , etc. -RRB- , the ability to dreamwalk , the ability to plan battles -LRB- Mat -RRB- , the ability to communicate with animals -LRB- Perrin -RRB- -RRB- . Likewise , characters pick up useful items along the way -LRB- Mat 's medallion and spear , Elayne 's Terangreal , Rand 's Terangreal -RRB- . And like in RPG 's , after accumulating enough experience , they 're finally strong enough to defeat a decent enemy -LRB- Asmodean , Rahvin , Moghedian etc. -RRB- . And what happens after this enemy is defeated ? Well , the characters go back to wandering back and forth throughout the countryside , gaining more experience points so they can do battle with the next strong enemy . Eventually , of course , these characters will be strong enough to encounter that final enemy , The Dark One , and then , well , Game Over!My problem is this
 Quite simply , the most boring book I 've ever read . I thought Lord of Chaos was ten times better , but this is only my personal opinion , of course . Many people list this as their favourite and LoC as the most boring one , so I guess everyone should read them and make up their mind : -RRB-
 Yes ! It was actually possible to write an entire , lengthy novel that is part of a long and ambitious series , and not substantially advance a single basic plot line . Just a string of overly descriptive chapters that moved characters around on vaguely defined or just unfinished business . What a depressing concept.I decided Jordan had essentially run out of ideas , yet he still seemed determined to stretch `` The Wheel of Time '' past ten or more titles.Willing to give the man one more chance , I confess I purchased `` Lord of Chaos , '' but gave up for good shortly after reading 100 pages when the paperback 's binding failed and the book disintegrated . Since two of the previous books had shed their covers before I finished them , I decided this was a trend towards very cheaply made paperbacks stuffed with filler and fluff.Sadly , the series had become a waste of time and money .
 Mr Jordan first started the style of branching out new sub plots from the main ones in Book 3 . At that time , I was quite impressed that he could actually compile the various little storylines into 1 book and all seem to be interconnected.However , in Book 4 & 5 -LRB- esp . 5 , The Fires of Heaven -RRB- , he definitely overstretched his limits . No longer do I see the clearly defined links between those little plots . The storylines revolving around -LCB- Rand -RCB- and -LCB- Nynaeve + Elayne -RCB- have absolutely no connections at all . It 's just like reading 2 completely different short stories compiled together in a book . Those meetings in dreams between Eqwene and Nynaeve seem a feeble attempt by Jordan to show that the 2 different stories are actually related.The 300 pages on Nyn . & Elayne 's travels are stuffed with insignificant details . -LRB- 70 odd pages were spent on describing their lives with the circus ? Is this book about circus life ? -RRB- Last but not least , the ending , I believe was quite poorly done and predictable . Mat roasted by Rhavin ? Of course he wont die and the only way to do it is burning Rhavin with balfire . I think that most people would have guessed that as well.I really hope book 6 can pack more punch .
 The story rolls ponderously along , gathering characters like fractures . While I like intricacy , and this series has it , the details are slow in coming - especially as this is yet another 1,000 page book -LRB- here editor , editor
 I have never put down a book -LRB- actually , I have , once -RRB- I Have never left a series unfinishedI am leaving my third decadeI have read this book one and a half year ago . No one goes anywhere and they go slowly.I Will probably finish the series when i get to be around seventy , so I can say that I 've finished it and go in peace with myself and maybe get Mr. Jordan 's hidden message , which I seriously doubt.I am also posting this on book one , so no one goes unwarned , as the series started off pretty well.Shame .
 First off , this book is not awful . It is just not that good , and this is where he starts wasting countless pages on meaningless descriptions . If you have read the first four , consider stopping . By the end of this oversized book , much of the magic of the series will be gone.I do n't know who told Jordan he was good at writing women , because he is the worst I have ever read . If real women were as snippity , hot-tempered , one-dimensional , and stupid as every single woman in this series , no one would be here.This book also continues his over-use of phrases such as
 *** 2.5 stars *** Because my copy of this book has about 400 pages of material that is completely worthless , does nothing to advance the plot or enhance character development , and is a general waste of time.And yet I 'm still giving it a slightly higher rating than the last one . Why ? Well , despite my above comments , I think number 5 is actually more focused and moves a bit better than number 4 . This is not so much an endorsement of Fires of Heaven as a recognition of how Shadow Rising was so horrendously written.Fires of Heaven still has most of the problems that plagued Shadow Rising . Needless summation of previous events , characters reduced to caricatures , saying in 50 pages what could be more effectively done in 10 or 20 , etc. . . it just has the feel that Jordan has totally lost control of his series and is drifting aimlessly . He seems to have written the parts of the story that he was sure about in the first few books , but then he let the scope of his series overwhelm him and so now , with this book and the previous one , he has produced 2000 + pages of material that can only be described as very disappointing , after showing some promise in books 2 and 3 . Final caveat
 The series started out fine with The Eye of the World . The next installment continued the plot well . After that , however , the Wheel of Time spun slowly and stayed in one place.Now , it was n't the length of the book that put me off - I love longer books . But when the storyline just drawls on , the bulk of the book makes you groan . The descriptions are vague , and everything seems to repeating itself . Nothing gets anywhere ! The women are mad at the men for trivial things , the men are mad at the women for even stupider things , and all of the books seem to end in the exact same place as the previous installment . I nodded off before Jordan could draw breath for his next rant.Best to just cut the books off quickly .
 Something to do with balefire ? Lightning ? The tempers of the people in the book ? I still do n't really know what `` The Fires of Heaven '' stands for , and I must admit that troubles me.But not to the point of reading the book again.This book 's content made no impression on me . I ca n't remember anything that happens in `` The Fires of Heaven '' other than three scenes near the very end . I have no idea why . This amnesia set in two weeks after I first read the book , and has continued since.At the time I read it , I still really liked the series , which I was reading from the library , had just finished `` The Shadow Rising '' extremely quickly , and hurtled into `` The Fires of Heaven . '' It took me a month to get to the last page . This was where the series 's plotlines suddenly exploded into a million writhing lines of illogic . It must have been , because when I started `` Lord of Chaos '' -LRB- which I liked much better -RRB- , there were those plotlines . But only vague images of this book itself remain to me.If you 're reading `` Wheel of Time '' for excitement , you might want to skip directly to the end of `` The Fires of Heaven . '' There are several interesting battle scenes that might make your blood pound without reading the rest of the book . -LRB- I wo n't reveal them for spoilers ' sake -RRB- . Why review this book , then , if it made so little impression on me?Because that 's not what should have happened . I was in the middle , so far as I knew , of an exciting series - grant that I was younger then - and one where I actually cared about the world if not the characters . I thought the pace would continue . I thought Rand would change the Aiel in some dramatic way . I thought there was a plot somewhere in all the Aes Sedai bickering . I thought the thing I wanted most would happen , and Faile would finally die.But this book slammed me dead . It was a year before I started `` Lord of Chaos , '' and then I did n't miss the presence of `` Fires of Heaven . `` So , even though my reaction to this book is mostly indifference , mixed with it is a grumbling dissatisfaction . I think that Jordan sabotaged himself with this book . Various reviewers pinpoint various places in the saga that made them give up . This book was n't enough to make me give up , but it was enough to warn me that Jordan was not an undisputed genius and could not walk without faltering . Up until that point I had thought he was.The one star is because there are no 0-star options . Well , and because I still wonder what the title means .
 Or so it will seem to the reader while reading this book . The promise of the WOT is amazing but squandered hopelessly . If every book was written like the prologue to the Eye of the World , this series would have been more than great . As it stands , Jordan seems to find the need to write badly , sloppily , with complex yet dull plots and dull characters who love to complain.Around this time the series turns quite sour . I did n't bother to read the rest of the books - just skimmed through the endings at the local library.So here 's a short description of what happens in this book.Forsaken scheme and plot . Rand is trying to lead the Aiel out of the waste . Nynaeve and Elayne are wandering the countryside trying to report back to the Amyrlin . Forsaken scheme and plot some more . Nynaeve and Elayne join a menagerie and bicker -LRB- no , not bicker , BICKER -RRB- for 500 pages . Rand finally leads the Aiel out of the waste . And then BANG , the ending , and the next book.There are some VERY well written scenes in this book - the part by the caravans near the end , for example . But there are so many flaws , and so many pages and pages of nonsense that must be trudged through , that its just not worth it.In addition to the utterly boring female characters -LRB- apart from Moiraine -RRB- and the dull plots involving travelling circus adventures , you will be subjected to endless verbiage about the World of Dreams and cleavage.Yes , cleavage . And nudity to a lesser extent . Jordan apparently ca n't get enough of cleavage . No description of cleavage possible is left out . About once every 3 sentences in any chapter involving women we have cleavage.If you positively must read this book , do yourself a favor and read the following parts only :1 . the one chapter with the forsaken in it at the beginning .2 . the chapter called `` the Far Snows `` 3 . the chapter with the battle and Mat4 . the chapter with the scene near the caravans -LRB- its near the end -RRB- and everything after that .
 I really have a hard time understanding the people that love these books . I was looking for a new fantasy series and I 'd heard about the Wheel of Time . Its fantasy . Its long . Its popular . So maybe its good , I was thinking . Well 5 books later I 'm giving up . Sure the first book was interesting ; getting to know the world and the characters usually is . But by now The books are so predictable that reading them is more of a chore than enjoyment . The plots of each individual book are so cyclical that soon we will be able to predict on exactly which page-number Rand will have his final confrontation with the latest minion of the Dark One . And the plot of the series as a whole no longer interests me becuase I no longer believe that Mr Jordan is capable of surprising his readers . If you like cliches and retread plots that go nowhere than you 'll like Robert Jordan but , in my opinion ; you 'll be a lot happier with Tad Williams or George RR Martin if you 're looking for true innovators in modern fantasy literature .
 This audio book can be ordered at most book stores for less than $ 100 new . More than that is paying too much . It is a great book though .
 Title says it all . I enjoyed the 1st-3rd book in series . Forth book sort of dragged . By the middle of this book I had to make a decision ... keep going with an endless supply of boring pages and books ahead or throw in the towel . Let 's face it , life 's too short . If you want a thousand pages of satisfaction pick up the unabridged version of `` The Stand '' . I 'm afraid this does n't do it.Think about it another way do you want to read over 5000 pages of a series that has mixed reviews from like minded fantasy readers?Cheers
 After reading through FOH for about 300 pages , I found out a good reading tactic that I would like to share with you.Firstly , I agree with most readers here , the storylines revolving around Nynaeve & co. are an absolute boredom ! In fact , I can outline their entire jorney with a sentence : They started out in Tanchico & ended up with Min . There is only one very interesting part concerning Brigette . The 300 or so pages on them include mainly descriptions of seamen , circus fellows & of course the infamous tarven owners ! I do not understand why RJ Potrays such a negative aspect of the female character on most girls here?BUT ... I like the parts on Rand , Mat , Min & even Moraine . They were refreshing for a change & though the story still moves quite slowly , at least they were worth mentioning.So , here 's my recommedation
 This book was awful . I thoroughly enjoyed the first two books and would give them 10 's , and the third as well . The fourth started good and slowed by the end , giving signs to the decay of the story that was to become the fifth book . While the complexity of the plots and the overall storyline are attractive , Jordan has slowed the book so bad that even when Rand was battling the Shaido , I could easily put the book down for a few days . There is never a sense of suspense or panic , I was certain throughout my reading that no major character would die , it was a matter of seeing how the events played out . As for the characters themselves , the descriptions are cut and paste from one book to the next , they never evolve , and even though we no how they will react , we are reminded every other line . Jordan has also worked into the story an absolutely horrendous relationship between men and women , that is the same with every couple . No good questions are answered from the last book , and we are left with more at the end of this one . Anyone who dares rival the works of Tolkein to this verbose , out of touch writer needs to take some creative writng courses and get a good mental exam . For me , this series is done .
 This book , and the film that Banff Film Festival actually accepted -LRB- much to their discredit -RRB- are the result of the absolute worst pretensions of idle first-world youth cooking up an `` adventure '' so they can capitalize on the instant fame attendant with convincing some publisher and several gear companies to front the money for an exercise in hubris.Think of `` Huckelberry Finn '' acted out by a bunch of spoiled frat boys and you come close to the ethos of this story.The protagonists portray their own ineptitude in planning and sheer good luck at not drowning as some sort of virtue . Had they done any kind of research they would have realized that at least through Mongolia , their route was very well worn . The only thing that made their float on the Selenge -LRB- upper Yenisey -RRB- interesting was that they were stupid enough to try to float it at flood stage . Even the most novice boater knows that is an purely unforgivable thing to do , particularly when a cursory glance at a map would have shown the braiding of the river which resulted in their near-death experience wrapped in the willows.These guys , and their supporting gear companies -LRB- who would sponosor a cannibal feast if it meant product placement -RRB- , are exactly the reason why term `` adventure '' is a hackneyed joke . This entire enterprise confirms the notion that ` truth is for losers ' . Why bother with the facts when some glib editing and even more glib writing can transform the three stooges into modern day `` explorers '' . Do n't buy this book . If you value integrity , if you are sick of the commercialization of `` adventure '' as something to slot into the Thursday TV lineup , please , do n't buy this book .
 Althought the writter is taking a look at an interesting part of aviation and US history there are too many technical and typographical errors , the quality of the pictures is lacking and could have been better . this really took a lot away from a great subject . the older material is much better presented than the more recent parts . not your usual quality work from Schiffer Books .
 Basically , this book shows that most of America 's great statesmen from the Revolutionary war to the Kennedy years were not overly fond of Blacks and did not beleive in the intelligence fo Black people or their ability to assimilate into American society.This is good in that it provides some interesting statements from Lincoln , Washington , Jefferson , etc. that are not well known . The problem is that the authors ' biases and agreements with some of the anti-Black ideas of colonization and deporation are all too clear . Near the end of the book , the authors rant against John F. Kennedy 's support for civil rights deomstrations -LRB- i.e. , JFK 's speech on June 11 , 1963 on the subject -RRB- and the `` forced '' integration of `` ignorant and unqualified Negroes '' in colleges and neighborhoods.Since this book was written in 1970 , the authors could not have forseen the likes of Condoleeza Rice , Oprah Winfrey , Gen. Colin Powell , et . al. -LRB- although they damn with faint praise Bill Cosby and Sidney Poitier in their critique of the `` overrepresentaion of Negroes as saintly beings on television '' -RRB- . Additionaly , nothing good is said about the performance of Black politicians during reconstruction -LRB- forgetting that these guys started the public school systems in the South and some proved to be able statesmen and orators like Robert Smalls -RRB- . These kinds of outdated biases really hurts this book , Read with a careful eye .
 Hobson does not understand the topic he is studying . Dream is not at all a `` delirium '' but a very complex organisation of consciousness .
 John Kerry gamed the awards and decs system -- I saw it happen during my 12-month -LRB- not 4-month -RRB- tour of duty in Viet Nam . His book is nothing more than a compilation of fabrications to bolster his image for the 2004 election . John Kerry is a hero ? Not ! I believe the 250 men of the Swift Boats Veterans for Truth , not Kerry and his bought-off handful .
 I do n't care what you think of John Kerry -- war hero or traitor -- all you are going to get prior to November 2 is a pile of political mumbo jumbo targeted to the undecided voter . NOW , if you are interested in the REAL human perspective on the men who served in Vietnam , then Naked In Da Nang is the book you need to read . I have heard the authors speak and I have read the book -- twice . It is very simple in its presentation -- and very complex in all the images and emotions it stirs -LRB- especially for veterans . -RRB- You can read it and decide if it represents John Kerry 's Vietnam or you can read Tour of Duty and contrast it with `` Naked . '' Between these two men , I 'd rather see Mike Jackson running for President -- but methinks he 's a tad too smart for that ! If you 're interested in the TRUTH about the guys who fought and died in Vietnam , John Kerry is not the guy to consult .
 Where 's the Amazon free-fire zone disclaimer on this piece of lying crap . The chicken littles open up a valid expose like `` Unfit for Command '' to all abuse , but tuck their shiney jewels when the book is a self serving liberal load of trash like this.I had not previously assigned political motives to Amazon . Now I do . Now I 'm gone!What 's the address ? Oh yeah , barnesandnoble.com
 The following disclaimer appears on the `` Unfit for Command '' Swift boat book : `` Important note from Amazon.com
 Taking cheap political photo Op 's while endangering my fellow Naval comrads ' lives was reckless and insensitive . Kerry was booted out of VN due to his reckless disregard for the well being of his comrads ' lives . After being kicked out of VN Kerry had a Hissy Fit Snit and Said `` I will show them '' , and proceeded to betray his comrads all over again . We do not need a man with 57 positions on every issue that squeals like a stuck pig when the real truth comes out via Swiftees and/or Givem Hell Zell ! When $ 62 million in `` drug money '' was spent to castigeate Bush it was OK ; however the boonie is now on the other foot . The boonie now needs to be lodged in Kerry 's appropriate 57 part anatomy .
 This book makes for a great promotional piece and that is about all . For the true story , the whole story on John Kerry 's `` Tour of Duty '' check out Unfit for Duty coming out next week . A book written by people who really knew the REAL John Kerry-The RAW Deal .
 What kind of reporter is Brinkley that he did n't check all the facts before writing this book ? Kerry himself admits now that he was n't in Cambodia that Christmas ,1968 . I really have a problem with many things that John Kerry did , especially after coming home from Viet Nam . Of all the Marines and soldiers that I personally knew who went to Viet Nam , some to die , I do n't recall anyone coming home so fast as John Kerry . Does n't Mr. Brinkley have a problem with the anti-military stance that Kerry took at the Congressional hearing ? Kerry was not just anti-war , that is forgivable , but anti-military is another story . Mr. Brinkley should have covered more of Kerry 's inconsistencies . That would have made a better book .
 Any historian who is attempting to write history is obliged to be as objective and professional as possible . Further , history must be based upon the historians thoughts not upon his or her feelings . He or she is obliged to present all the evidence , and to address any significant contradictory data to his or her interpretation . He or she is also obliged to acknowledge and respond to contrary interpretations . If he or she does not do this , he or she is not writing history but is writing a political tract or something even less centered upon the historical truth -LRB- like out and out propaganda -RRB- . Brinkley fails to meet this standard period , and consequently , Tour of Duty is NOT a `` piece '' of history . The fact that is an election year actually only made it more incumbent upon him to have admitted his limitations and prejudices which should have been followed by an even more determined effort at objectivity because , after all , he is supposedly writing for the historical record -LRB- not of course to get Kerry elected -RRB- . If Brinkley has political views that inhibited a balanced account , he simply should not have published this book as a work of history . We must never forget that tyrants -LRB- Hitler , Stalin , Mao , Castro , Pol Pot , Saddam , you name it -RRB- ALWAYS attempt to have history rewritten to make it more flattering or to comform to their own selfish interests , and even in inclusive societies such as ours , there are those who surrender to this temptation , a point Tour of Duty only makes too well !
 There can be no question that this work is politically motivated . How else does one explain its convenient release during primary season ? The author , who -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- is a `` liberal '' historian and academic , had to know that Kerry was planning a run before beginning his research at least a year or more ago . This fact together with the entire tone of the work illustrate that , yes Virginia , it is a campaign book . Missing in action is the probable role that Kerry 's privileged position as a friend of the Kennedy Klan played in his `` war service '' and `` decorations '' -LRB- PT-109 indeed -RRB- . Also largely absent is a honest assessment of his subsequent efforts to undermind his country while it was at war -LRB- opposing a position was one thing during Viet Nam , actively supporting your country 's enemies was something else entirely -RRB- . What emerges here if one actually knows something about Kerry 's life and career before starting , is a fairly masterful piece of propaganda , which is why I give it two stars . But let 's remember that lots of men -LRB- including U.S. Grant , Douglas MacArthur , and Adolf Hitler -RRB- have been more geniunely war heroes than John Kerry , and most certainly would not or did not made good presidents . This is especially true for a man , like Kerry , who has done everthing inside and outside of office he can to undercut his country 's defense . The good news is that if you want to see the President defeated for re-election , you will find enough illusion here to assuage your conscious in voting for a shallow opportunist like Kerry . But do n't fool yourself that this book has anything to do with historical truth .
 Okay , please allow me to point a few things things out
 This is my second review , and it is inspired by the startling naivet&eacute; demonstrated by the reviewer who insists that since Brinkley is a professional historian he could not , therefore , be politically motivated in his composition of this `` biography '' of John Kerry . I , too , am a professional historian , and while I can not claim that my books match the popularity of Brinkley 's , I have a professional understanding of the process of writing works in history . The reality is this
 After I bought this book and started reading it , I discovered that the author , Douglas Brinkley is doing a rewrite because some of the information provided by Senator Kerry has turned out to be false and misleading . And as I understand it , the changes are still coming . Perhaps Mr. Brinkley should have done himself a favor , and written this book in pencil . It 's a lot easier to clean up the errors that way . Are they going to issue free addendums of the new rewrites , or am I going to have to buy a whole new book to get the newest version of Kerry 's story ?
 This book is nothing but lies and propaganda . Nothing in this book is factual . Nothing but `` Walter Mitty '' .
 Only John Kerry would allow a book like this to be printed about himself . John Kerry , the guy who tried to get out of going into the service on a deferrment and when that was denied pulled every lowdown , dirty trick he could come up with including applying for fake Purple Hearts so he could get out early , go home , run a phony anti-war campaign and then run for President.The biggest insult of all was at the DNC back on July , 2004 when Kerry made that phony salute and said `` I 'm John Kerry reporting for duty . '' 34 years earlier , Kerry was singing quite a different tune . More like `` I 'm John Kerry trying to get out of the service on a deferrment . '' OR `` I 'm John Kerry trying to rack up phony Purple Hearts from self inflicted and minor scrapes so I can get the heck out of here and go home . `` As if Kerry 's military background was not a myth , we now all know that his supposed academic prowess was also a myth . While Kerry claimed to be an A student , in fact he was a D student . And that great speech that he made in 1971 , supposedly prepared by Kerry in the wee morning hours with little preparation was in fact written for him by Robert Kennedy 's speechwriter who had been coaching Kerry for months . But why be surprised ? Has Kerry ever told us the truth about anything ? Answer
 Tour of Duty was just another example of the ineptitude of the Kerry people and how they underestimated the survivors , the real heroes of Vietnam . Perhaps Kerry , Brinkley and company thought that these brave heroes would forget or would not come forward or were dead.Perhaps Kerry and his minions thought that nobody would check and let Kerry get away with his flagrant lies about heroism . NOT ON OUR WATCH!The title of t his book is also just another example of how Kerry tries to align himself with hollywood . In this case , taking a title that was a popular tv show . Sorry , but the actors in that tv show were better . The only comparison is that in both cases , it is all ficion . In the case of this book , the fiction part has been taken to an extreme.Nice try , but this pr campaign to try to land Kerry a seat in the oval office did n't work . Too many people know the facts about Kerry.I also recommend that you check out wintersoldier.com for more info on Kerry . The real John Kerry .
 If you believe the picture painted in this book about Kerry , I have a bridge for sale . This is a complete puff piece that no self respecting `` Historian '' would publish . Read `` Unfit for Command '' to get the truth !
 A memo to : Jack in Toronto , I have a suggestion for you . Pick up John Plaster 's book -- `` SOG '' or Hal Moore 's book , `` We Were Soldiers Once and Young '' then expound on how heroic John `` Kahn '' Kerry was in his 4 month tour of Vietnam in comparison to the real men who fought , received Medals of Honor , were wounded and were killed in the Vietnam war from which John `` Kahn '' Kerry deros ` ed home early , to accuse of disgusting and untrue acts , to further his own narcissistic ambitions.Brinkley 's book to me was a waste of time , although the truth of Kerry 's egotism , arrogance and unscrupulous ambition is there for all but the blind to see.Kerry ranks even lower in the eyes of millions of we Canadians than all of the deserters and draft dodgers who found refuge from serving their country in Trudeau 's socialist Canada and that 's about as low on the scale of cowardice as one could be . This may come as a revelation to you but there were upwards of 20,000 to 40,000 -LRB- never an accurate statistic -RRB- Canadians who crossed the border to join the forces and fought in Vietnam . John `` Kahn '' Kerry included them in his anti-war accusations of ` baby killers and murderers ' which many will never forgive .
 Brinkley often refers to Kerry 's service on board Navy ships cruising in the Eastern Pacific , showing that he is directionally challenged , and also demonstrating that he had no experienced navy people read the manuscript before publication.All sailors and naval officers know the word `` Westpac '' as being that ocean area close to Asia and its many exotic ports . If Kerry was gaining his naval experience cruising the Eastern Pacific , he was very close to his San Diego apartment , far , far from Nam . An inexcusable error showing sloppiness on the part of the author.Then there is PCF-94 's mission 91 0n Feb 28,1969 , when Kerry abandoned his Swift boat , M-16 in hand , to chase down an enemy combatant in the forest , a clear violation of the rules of engagement . `` We had been taught at Coronado -LRB- in training -RRB- that we were n't supposed to become jungle fighters , '' his crewman , Sandusky , said . -LRB- Page291 -RRB- In so acting , Kerry left his craft unattended , hazarding boat and crew . Lucky for him , his superiors did not decide to court-martial him . His audacious , albeit improper , conduct got him a silver star instead.The Silver Star is normally given for `` Gallentry in Action '' and is the nations third highest award for Valor , but it is sometimes given for political purposes . Look up the Silver Star given to LBJ in WWII to see what I mean .
 The book reads very well , but the analysis is pure political puff . As a Vietnam Vet , I can tell you that atrocities were few and far between . Brinkley ignored most of the Swift Boat charges against Kerry . He presented most of the Winter Soldier `` Investigation '' as fact when much of it has been discredited.It is interesting to read this book in conjunction with Unfit for Command . You get a totally different interpretation of what went on . And it appears to me the numerous officers who contributed to Unfit for Command have it right.One of the interesting things is that Brinkley never even bothered to delve into Kerry 's admission on the Cavette and Russert shows that he committed war crimes , including the burning of civilian homes . Hard to believe he did not ask that question . A glaring ommission .
 If John Kerry believes he is qualified to be President of the United States simply because he is war a veteran ... 5 million other veterans of this nation should be on the ballot as well . Mr. Kerry stop talking about Vietnam and start talking about the issues . No one in the country wants to be reminded about a war we lost . My registration card says democratic , but come November my vote will not .
 Before commenting on kerry 's book ... lets first seperate the FACTS from the SPIN about kerry so that we can ` Objectively ' judge the DNC Presidential nominee !!! BUT , do NOT bother to read the following FACTS -LRB- verus SPIN -RRB- unless youre ` really ' interested in thee TRUTH !!! ====================================================== But 1st , altho I 'm not going to dwell on the suspicion of 3 Purple Hearts -LRB- from seperate events -RRB- within only 4 months . -LRB- But , I am REALLY curious as to why kerry still refuses to sign `` form # 180 '' ... and release his combat medical records for public observation ... WHY ?! -RRB- . ====================================================== Now , as to FACTS about what kerry has really said and done since VietNam ... that everyone should be aware of !
 Too bad Brinkley missed the boat with this pack of lies . Another piece of Kerry-esque
 Offshore for so long in his first tour . Then back for only four months , received minor wounds , got medals and `` out '' while others slogged through jungle in the real war ... Kerry is no hero . A biased book the purpose of which is to win an election , not to give a true account of the war.Kerry came back and accused our soldiers of hideous acts of cruelty and murder ; he testitied to these facts while our men were still there . Some of them were even being held prisoners by the enemy at the time . How do you think they were treated by the enemy after hearing what our soldiers did to their people?A disgusting excuse for an objective book . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I 'm afraid that Dr. Brinkley missed the boat on this one . By ignoring the Swift Boat Vets , he lost any claim to having written an honest biography of Kerry 's war months . Kerry 's unwillingness to release his military file would have signaled to any true biographer that there is more to this story than just Kerry 's diary .
 Douglas Brinkley 's book on John Kerry reads like a political pamphlet written by the Kerry Campaign . And Brinkely is an alleged `` historian ? '' Give me a break . Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but not their own facts . Brinkley has no problem making up his own facts to benefit Kerry.Mr . Brinkley 's fascination -LRB- and obvious political support for -RRB- John Kerry clouds his views . Whatever Kerry did in four months in country in Vietnam -LRB- which is questionable -RRB- was wiped away by his actions when he got home . Apparently Kerry wants to forget his book `` The New Soldier '' and his leadership of `` Vietnam Veterans Against the War , '' who did nothing but spit on and slander the heroic soldiers who fought in Vietnam for freedom , now that he 's essentially the Democratic Presidential nominee . But , as John Adams once wrote -- facts are stubborn things.Vietnam service is popular and attracts votes -- so Kerry will play it to the hilt , this time with Douglas Brinkely as his willing accomplice . However , Kerry did n't think so in 1970 when the war was unpopular , especially among left-wing activists -- he testified before Congress that he was `` ashamed '' of what he did in Vietnam and of his service ; that he committed `` war crimes , '' and charged his fellow veterans with doing the same . Well , there was no evidence for that then OR now . It 's all a matter of historical record that you can read for yourself -- do n't allow Brinkley to color it for you . Kerry was simply out to make a political name for himself on the backs of his dead comrades . Not exactly heroic or a `` Profile in Courage . '' Kerry is just a slimy political opportunist.Despite Brinkley 's fauning account , it is clear that Kerry is no hero . This book is a waste of time and should not be confused with scholarship of any kind .
 Kerry was still on the U.S. Navy 's payroll as he travelled the NE & MidAtlantic for Jane 's Fonda 's antiwar rallys . Kerry was an organizer in the group . Pretty sad how he was cashing U.S. Navy paychecks as he was smearing American GI 's by calling them `` babykillers . '' I guess there were no wealthy widows around so he need the paycheck.Kerry is no hero . He is an opportunistic back stabber . His cousin Stewart Forbes , Chief Executive Officer of Colliers International -LRB- Kerry 's cousin -RRB- , was awarded a contract worth billions designating Colliers International as the exclusive real estate agent representing Vietnam.This is after Senator Kerry sold out American POWs & MIAs while `` normalizing '' relations with the new Vietnam .
 John Kerry and his associate Jane Fonda ran the The Vietnam -LRB- faux -RRB- Veterans Against the War Organization . They were instrumental in helping North Vietnam win the war and turning the tide . North Vietnam was ready to surrender conditionally until Kerry & Fonda rendered their aid.As the American POWs returned home in 1973 , they spoke out about the inhumane treatment and torture they had suffered as prisoners of war . Their stories directly contradicted Jane Fonda 's earlier statements of 1972 . Some of the American POWs such as Senator John McCain , a former Presidential candidate , stated that he was tortured by his guards for refusing to meet with Jane Fonda and her group . Jane Fonda , in her response to these new allegations , referred to the returning POWs as being `` hypocrites and liars . `` The Wall Street Journal -LRB- August 3 , 1995 -RRB- published an interview with Bui Tin who served on the General Staff of the North Vietnam Army and received the unconditional surrender of South Vietnam on April 30 , 1975 . During the interview Mr. Tin was asked if the American antiwar movement was important to Hanoi 's victory.Mr . Tin responded `` It was essential to our strategy '' referring to the war being fought on two fronts , the Vietnam battlefield and back home in America through the antiwar movement on college campuses and in the city streets . He further stated the North Vietnamese leadership listened to the American evening news broadcasts `` to follow the growth of the American antiwar movement . '' Visits to Hanoi made by persons such as Jane Fonda , former Attorney General Ramsey Clark and various church ministers `` gave us confidence that we should hold on in the face of battlefield reverses . `` Mr. Tin surmised that `` America lost because of its democracy ; through dissent and protest it lost the ability to mobilize a will to win . '' Mr. Tin further advised that General Vo Nguyen Giap -LRB- Commanding General of the North Vietnam Army -RRB- said the 1968 Tet Offensive was a defeat . Gen. Giap in his book , made the same statement , adding that they were surprised by the news media reporting and the demonstrations in America . Instead of seeking a conditional surrender , they would now hold out because America 's resolve was weakening and victory could be theirs.From 1969 to the end of the war over 20,000 American soldiers lost their lives in a war that the United States did not have the resolve to win . If General Giap was accurate in his assessment that North Vietnam was going to seek a conditional surrender at the Paris Peace Conference , but stopped due to the sensationalism of the American news media and the anti-war protests following the 1968 Tet Offensive , it follows that those who participated in these anti-war activities have to share partial responsibility for those 20,000 + Americans deaths.We won the war on the battlefield but lost it back home on the college campuses and in the city streets.Americans must realize that there are agents * operating in this Country attempting to undermine our Country and it 's leadership through our democratic principles in an effort to achieve a foreign country 's goal . A prime example of such a person during the Vietnam War was Jane Fonda , an admitted Socialist , who blatantly supported North Vietnam . * Agent - Any person who works to obtain the goals of another nation either for money or for their own political beliefs.A valuable lesson was taught by North Vietnam to other nations on how the United States may be defeated by fighting a two front war - the battlefield and the American home front . We must be aware of this vulnerability.In 1975 , after the fall of the South Vietnam Government , Jane Fonda returned to Hanoi with her newborn son Troy for a celebration in her honor for the work she had done for North Vietnam . During the celebration , her son was christened after a Viet Cong hero , Nguyen Van Troi . Troi had attempted to assassinate Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara while on his visit to South Vietnam in 1963 . The South Vietnam Government executed Troi for this attempted assassination .
 There can be no question that this work is politically motivated . How else does one explain its convenient release during primary season ? The author , who -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- is a `` liberal '' historian and academic , had to know that Kerry was planning a run before beginning his research at least a year or more ago . This fact together with the entire tone of the work illustrate that , yes Virginia , it is a campaign book . Missing in action is the probable role that Kerry 's privileged position as a friend of the Kennedy Klan played in his `` war service '' and `` decorations '' -LRB- PT-109 indeed -RRB- . Also largely absent is a honest assessment of his subsequent efforts to undermind his country while it was at war -LRB- opposing a position was one thing during Viet Nam , actively supporting your country 's enemies was something else entirely -RRB- . What emerges here if one actually knows something about Kerry 's life and career before starting , is a fairly masterful piece of propaganda , which is why I give it two stars . But let 's remember that lots of men -LRB- including U.S. Grant , Douglas MacArthur , and Oliver North -RRB- have been more geniunely war heroes than John Kerry , and most certainly would not or did not make a good president . This is especially true for a man , like Kerry , who has done everthing inside and outside of office he can to undercut his country 's defense -LRB- except where absolutely politically necessary -RRB- . The good news is that if you want to see the President defeated for re-election , you will find enough illusion here to assuage your conscious in voting for a shallow opportunist like Kerry . But do n't fool yourself that this book has anything to do with historical truth .
 To call this book an unbiased look at Kerry 's life is extremely naive . From the very beginning it reads like a cheesy campaign commercial . If you like Kerry and his politics , you 'll like the book , conversely if you do n't , you wo n't .
 It is regrettable that in our country `` the politics of personal destruction '' have become routine . When was it -LRB- during Nixon 's administration , Clinton 's ? -RRB- that we collectively left behind any sense of proportion and prudence in our political passions and returned to the nineteenth century practice of just calling people names ? Today individuals running for office are not allowed to be simply human beings but must either be `` saviors of the nation '' or plain `` evil , '' depending upon one 's political agenda.As a `` swing-voter '' who regularly votes a split ticket , and as one who tries to maintain some semblance of objectivity , I purchased Brinkley 's book in the fond expectation that the pattern above would not be followed , and that instead I would learn something of the truth about an emerging political figure . Sadly I was disappointed , but I did learn some things ; I learned that Kerry is indeed a `` savior of the nation '' who always brushes his teeth , is good to the little people , and stands like a valiant sentinel for truth and justice . In short , I was `` treated '' to two-dimensional characterization designed to draw votes during a campaign . There is no good explanation here of how such a sterling `` hero '' could then turn around and shamelessly attack and demean his own country while also engaging in such blatant self-promotion - even a scholar of Brinkley 's skill can not reconcile the two very different images - and does anyone really believe that it proves anything that Senator Kerry 's war buddies like and support him , eveybody , even a crack dealer , has friends ! I wish , too , like the reviewer below , that there was more about the connection to the Kennedy family , but in most regards that is probably outside the scope of this book.Brinkley is a very skilled writer , and that is evident here in the highly readable style . Nonetheless , this is `` spin '' written to promote Kerry 's candidacy , a fact illustrated by its unusually low price . It will convince no one who does not wish to be convinced , and it will only evoke ridicule from those who do not . Surely good history or biography should do more than that ? If Kerry becomes president , much better books will be written , if he does not , Tour of Duty will probably not even qualify to be cited .
 This book is a waste of valuable paper . Kerry is a freaking traitor and only received commendations because he had friends in high places . To anyone who supports him and his too obvious lies , you 're dumber than I thought Americans ever would be . Kerry did n't do any more than any of our boys are doing out there every day , and less than most . I hated the book and have no respect for the man behind it .
 John Kerry spent approximately four months in Vietnam . He spent approximately one year active in the leadership of the Vistnam Veterans Against the War . Janus-like he has spent the last thirty years exploiting these two different personas -- war hero/anti-war hero -- in his life-long quest for the presidency of the United Sates . Brinkley is only the latest in the long line of people , friends , family members and comrades , whom Kerry has used to exercise the will to power . Brinkley , in 2002 , was given access to Kerry and his memoirs , personal letters , and previous half-heartred tries to write his own biography provided he , Brinkley , publish prior to the 2004 presidential campaign . As a result his fawning biograph totally lacks objectivity . What Brinkley passes off as a personal `` War Odyssey '' of John Kerry is nothing more that the `` Walter Middy '' adventures of a self-aggrandizing imitator of John Kennedy , his school boy hero . If Brinkley is considering a sequel to this work covering the thiry years since those fevered days of 1970 , he might consider for a catchy title `` I 'm Just a Giggolo . ''
 As a daughter of a army veteran and a true `` indenpent '' . Many of those who died for the USA consider Kerry a traitor . Our family were there Nothing in this book changes that my opinion .
 The truth has finally come out . The Swift Boat Veterans finally got it in the open.John Kerry is a liar , nothing more , nothing less
 I started reading it , but could n't continue when I found out that the `` Facts '' were being altered by Kerry and Brinkley . In the meantime , read `` Unfit for Command '' . It gives several excerpts from this book anyway . Then maybe when the new version of the NON fiction comes out I 'll read it . Although , I thought NON fiction was truth and truth could n't be changed ... I guess it depends on whose truth it is . I gave it one star because it 's pretty thick and I think it probably took a lot of imagination to come up with that much .
 I purchased this book to try and learn a little more about the man who would be the Democratic nominee , and frankly I did n't feel I learned anything that his sound-bytes harp on me over and over . The book is a long and dry book that 's quite slow of a read . Kerry strikes the reader throughout the book to continue to be a condescending bag of hot air aimed at ruining this country via his hypocracy .
 When in doubt change the subject , call people names , or make an appeal to emotion , right ? Come on ! Tour of Duty has nothing to do with the events of World War II -LRB- and certainly not Pearl Harbor -RRB- . It has nothing to do with Max Cleland , other than the fact that like John Kerry he received a purple heart in Viet Nam - only in his case he suffered geniune wounds and became actually incapable of duty -LRB- unlike Kerry -RRB- . If John Kerry is a hero , Tour of Duty fails to prove it , that is unless one 's definition is so general and faith-based as to be objectively meaningless.You can run from the truth but you can not hide , Tour of Duty is just a a campaign book glossing over the truth to create a false image of man who has no apparent ideals other than his own self advancement -LRB- `` I oppose gay marriage , I also oppose any effort to ban it '' -RRB- , no apparent leadership skills skills other than following whatever he thinks will serve his political ambition -LRB- `` I support the removal of the evil dictator Saddam , I oppose the president 's poor judgement in invading Iraq '' -RRB- , and certainly not much value as a soldier , expense-paid-for-by-Jane-Fonda anti-war `` activist , '' or as an United States Senator - what has he ever actually done in that capacity that matters ? Even this campaign biography , if read with some skepticism , can only confirms these sad truth about the liberal junior senator from Massachusetts .
 This book is more a work of fiction than reality . As a historian Brinkley 's book contributes nothing to the history of Vietnam and it is inaccurate in it 's portrayal of Kerry 's exploits . It relies too much on Kerry 's diary and not enough on the recollections of the 200 plus men who served with Kerry . As a retired naval officer and a collector of navy medals for over 40 years , I found major holes in Kerry 's records indicating conflict between the book and reality . Regretfully , Kerry has not released numerous pages of his record thus the truth of the matter will not be resolved . One would expect that if the records indeed supported Kerry , that he would have proudly shown them to the world . In the end , Brinkley 's scholarship is lacking through a failure to pursue readily available sources . The result is an unbalanced view of Kerry and his service in the Navy .
 I never got past the chapters of Kerry 's experiences on the USS GRIDLEY . Since I served with him the entire year , I can assure readers that it is filled with exaggeration and fantasy . Kerry makes himself out to be Master and Commander when he was just a goofy boot Ensign . There are a number of things that are just plain not true and lots of exaggeration . It is not a serious work but clearly a piece of campaign fluff.Don ' t waste your money unless you are Democratic to the core and need some fluff to get you excited !
 I find it absoultely incredible that someone believes everything that is shoved down their throats . Just because some historian says that he is a hero does not mean that he is . I tried to read this book , but could n't finish , it was that bad . Kerry 's `` purple hearts '' should n't even count . I mean , look at the guy . He has NO visible injuries and he got out of vietnam with Purple Hearts ??? All three purple hearts were signed on the SAME DAY . John Kerry does not deserve to even be called a veteran , much less a hero .
 I can hardly believe that this book is being distributed as factual and historical . A respected author has written a political essay of propaganda . The mighty `` hero '' John Kerry is nothing but a liar and someone who has attempted to shame and hurt the image of a generation of brave American 's who did what their country asked of them . His flagrant charges which are totally false were nothing but an attack on our country . How anyone could believe he is a hero is so mistakenly foolish to believe this nonsense . Do your own research . The truth is n't found in the pages of this trash . There were NONE of the atrocities written in the book . Where did Douglas Brinkley get his information ? The truth is there are many respected Naval officers who were there as well as enlisted men who served WITH John F. Kerry LT -LRB- jg -RRB- USN who vouch for none of his charges . God help our great country if Senator Kerry becomes our Commander-in-Chief .
 Kerry is a pumpedup little windbag who has never done anything of substance in his life - that is the real story between the lines of this book . He is a multimillionaire thanks to his wives , has been the handpicked `` boy '' of the Kennedy clan , while all along having no real beliefs at all -LRB- as illustrated recently by his newly announced `` conviction '' that a fetus is a human being , which the polls show might be the more popular stance , but , of course , he is also on record as promising to appoint if he ever gets the chance `` pro-choice '' justices to the Supreme Court . -RRB- He has shown less leadership than the secretary of the local PTA , and the charisma of a sick bulldog -LRB- and a not dissimilar appearance -RRB- . This book needs to be understood as part of the effort to coverup these truths . However , it has value because they are there ; if you look past the `` gee whiz '' rhetoric of its obviously biased author , John Kerry emerges as the absolutely least suitable candidate the Democrat party has thrown up EVER , and that includes such lumnaries as George McGovern -LRB- who was at least a man of integrity -RRB- , Michael Dukakus . Jimmy Carter.Among other things this book amply answers the question as to why the terrorists and the French want Kerry to win . Have you ever wondered why ? Well , if you were at war with United States , who better as president than a guy who has based his career upon subverting one American war effort and then has consistently voted against every major upgrade of his country 's military efficiency -LRB- M1 tank , Apache helicopter , you name it -RRB- ? So if you are geniunely interested in the truth about John Kerry the pacifist , trophy husband , and militant opponent of America 's ability to defend itself , get this book and try to read it objectively !!
 A normal Tour of Duty lasts 1 year . For Kerry , it only lasted 4 months . And in those four months , Kerry collected a record three Purple Hearts , two Silver Stars and a Bronz Star ? C'mon ! If this were legitimate , Kerry would be a bigger hero than Audie Murphy!I know it 's old news now . This book was intended to be and was a political tool to help Kerry become president in 2004 . Kerry lost decisively . It 's over . But for Kerry to say that he did all of these things is absolute nonsense . For Douglas Brinkley to claim this as history as like a movie producer claiming a fiction movie of a action hero -LRB- perhaps played by Chuck Norris -RRB- is history and reality too ! C'mon ! And there are still people giving this book five stars?PT Barnum would be proud of the efforts of Kerry and Douglas Brinkley.HURRY , HURRY , HURRY . COME SEE THE COMMUNIST TRAITOR JOHN KERRY WHO FINKED ONHIS COUNTRY AND HIS COMRADES . HURRY , HURRY , HURRY . COME READ ABOUT THE MYTH OF KERRY 'S HEROISM ALL FABRICATED BY KERRY AND ENDORSED BY DOUGLAS BRINKLEY .
 This was a great piece of work for fiction , any relation to the truth is a far fetched as Star Wars ' Han Solo being a real person . Those that were there know the truth and this does not resemble anything close to it . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!
 Do n't waste your money on `` Tour '' it 's full of lies & half truths.The Swift Boat vets for truth have proven that the war stories in the book are false.A better purchase would be Unfit For Command - proven to be 100 % true by everyone.I 'm John F. Kerry & I approve of this message .
 This book should be catalogued in the non fiction comic book section of the bookstore . I was able to breeze through this book with much speed . It was almost comical how the author built into fact so many disassociated items of fiction . I wanted to challenge them as I read but there were so many . If this were a film , the critics would pan it as too unbelievable to be credible . One must approach this book in the context that what one reads is totally fabricated .
 It was just a little over 13 months ago that Americans flushed this john and voted for leadership . We did n't buy into the lies or false claims of heroism perpetrated by Kerry and writers like Brinkley who rely on their subject for facts -LRB- fat chance -RRB- The economy is moving well . Iraq is moving well regardless what Kerry says . This Kerry promotional piece did not work and thank God for that.HAPPY ANNIVERSARY AMERICANS ! WE ALL `` FLUSHED THE JOHNS IN 2004 ! ''
 This book along with the book by George Butler is so full of crap and hype about Kerry that it makes me laugh . Should be listed as fiction and would make for a great novel . Everybody who really knows Kerry laughs whenever mention of this book is brought up.Those who knew Kerry back in 1966-67 knew how much he wanted to prevent being drafted and stay out of the service . Kerry claiming to be a war hero is like Michael Moore claiming to be an athlete . Give me a break !
 Just one of the many lies i n this book overlooked -LRB- ???? -RRB- by Douglas Brinkley was Kerry supposedly in Cambodia in 1968 and havinga telephone conversation with Pres. Nixon . HINT
 Propaganda piece to make John Kerry look presidential . Does n't do enough in covering John Kerry 's radical extremism in slandering US GI 's in Vietnam as war criminals and the bad guys . Kerry served a total of 4 months and this book makes it out like he is a regular Audie Murphy , do all for your brothers in arms . Kerry sought to get out after getting a third Purple Heart -LRB- due to very minor ` injuries ' -RRB- and got out after those 4 months , leaving those ` brothers in arms ' to come back and join the pro-Hanoi , Fonda sponsored Vietnam Veterans against the War , a very radical , communist loving group that slandered the US and our troops still over there -LRB- The North Vietnamese used Kerry 's supportive rhetoric as propaganda with our POWs -RRB- as the one committing the wrongs and this book attempts to sugar coat it . Kerry is a phony . This book is a phony .
 Have found significant portions of book embelished to point of fiction . Real story was good without the self serving embelishment . Brinkley missed a great opportunity to tell true story , makes John Kerry big target for those of ill will who know real story . Brinkley ghost writer not historian with this book .
 The book has no information on Kerry 's `` tour of duty '' with Hanoi Jane and her gang.Nothing on how North Vietnam 's leader dredit Kerry & Fonda for saving North Vietnam from defeat . Nothing on how Kerry 's family financial benefitted from the normalization of relations with his old comrades in the `` new '' Vietnam .
 This book was written by Brinkley using Kerry 's journals , notes , and official Naval Records . Kerry seems to have spent vast amounts of time writing in his journals . The book seems to be surprisingly synchphantic , I lost count of how many `` spellbinding speeches '' Kerry gave to save the day . He is vague when he wants to be and glosses over , or even omits certain facts , such as the trips he took to Paris to meet with the representatives of the Viet Cong . His campaign has been forced to admit that he did in fact go to Paris just after his honeymoon in 1970 , but refuses to divy up what Kerry talked about , other than it was a `` fact-finding mission . '' The book also says of John being at the Detroit Winter Soldier Hearings , that he was there to listen , on a `` fact-finding '' mission , and to make vague suggestions to the participants aboutwhat `` atrocities '' they were going to confess too . He sugar coatsjust about everything , his explaination of how he got his threepurple hearts is interesting . He admits that earlier in the dayhe got `` tiny bits of grenade shrapnel and rice pellets blown inhis ass '' after someone blew up a rice hootch . There were no enemy in the area at the time . Later the same day comes the famous saving of Rassman , where Kerry claims Rassman fell off another boat , -LRB- in his Bronze Star Citation -RRB- Rassman falls of his . Kerry knocks his forearm against the boat . That night he goes for medical treatment of the arm , a slight concussion and the -LRB- ... -RRB- shrapnel . The Casualty Report says the contusion was `` very minor `` but evidently enough for another Purple Heart.Four days later he gets his third Purple Heart , the very sameday , at 7:42 in the morning his commander puts in the Thrice-Wounded reassignment request , this is in the book . Kerryis then again vague as to the exact day he leaves Vietnam , yethe can remember seeing Rassman in the water , several hundred yardsaway , with bullets flying all around him . Kerry says that `` since he got shrapnel three different times in action '' he qualified to leave his one year tour of duty eights months early.I am comparing Kerry 's book against the official Navy documents on his website , there seems to be some that should be there that are n't , especially the Thrice-Wounded request . The book hasseveral glaring inconsistencies . He spends one sentence on hisNavy Reserve duty that he was obligated to do in the early seventies while at the same time involved in the VVAW , meeting with the enemy in Paris , ect.The other part of the book is how fantastic an orator Kerry is , spellbinding audiences and evidently biographers everywhere , this book is too funny in it 's glorification of Kerry . If you are interested in the book , buy it used .
 O starts . The book fails to mention how Kerry smeared Vietnam Vets by calling them all `` babykillers '' in front of the Senate.Much of Kerry 's speech before Congress painted his fellow GIs as so brutal that , today , they could easily be mistaken for Saddam Hussein 's Fedayeen killers.He reported to Congress that U.S. soldiers had `` personally raped , cut off ears , cut off heads , taped wires from portable telephones to human genitals and turned up the power , cut off limbs , blown up bodies , randomly shot at civilians , razed villages , shot cattle and dogs for fun , poisoned food stocks , and generally ravaged the countryside of South Vietnam . `` C. Stewart Forbes , Chief Executive Officer of Colliers International -LRB- Kerry 's cousin -RRB- , was awarded a contract worth billions designating Colliers International as the exclusive real estate agent representing Vietnam.Kerry 's group , The Vietnam Veterans Against the War Organization , was funded by Jane Fonda.Jane Fonda personally sought out returning American soldiers from Vietnam to solicit them to publicly speak out against American atrocities against Vietnamese women and children during her broadcasts . North Vietnamese officials based in Canada allegedly coordinated her broadcasts.In 1972 Jane Fonda , Tom Hayden and others traveled to North Vietnam to give their support to the North Vietnamese 's Government . When she returned to the United States , she advised the news media that all of the American Prisoners of War were being well treated and were not being tortured.As the American POWs returned home in 1973 , they spoke out about the inhumane treatment and torture they had suffered as prisoners of war . Their stories directly contradicted Jane Fonda 's earlier statements of 1972 . Some of the American POWs such as Senator John McCain , a former Presidential candidate , stated that he was tortured by his guards for refusing to meet with Jane Fonda and her group . Jane Fonda , in her response to these new allegations , referred to the returning POWs as being `` hypocrites and liars . `` The Wall Street Journal -LRB- August 3 , 1995 -RRB- published an interview with Bui Tin who served on the General Staff of the North Vietnam Army and received the unconditional surrender of South Vietnam on April 30 , 1975 . During the interview Mr. Tin was asked if the American antiwar movement was important to Hanoi 's victory . Mr. Tin responded `` It was essential to our strategy '' referring to the war being fought on two fronts , the Vietnam battlefield and back home in America through the antiwar movement on college campuses and in the city streets . He further stated the North Vietnamese leadership listened to the American evening news broadcasts `` to follow the growth of the American antiwar movement . '' Visits to Hanoi made by persons such as Jane Fonda , former Attorney General Ramsey Clark and various church ministers `` gave us confidence that we should hold on in the face of battlefield reverses . '' Mr. Tin surmised that `` America lost because of its democracy ; through dissent and protest it lost the ability to mobilize a will to win . '' Mr. Tin further advised that General Vo Nguyen Giap -LRB- Commanding General of the North Vietnam Army -RRB- said the 1968 Tet Offensive was a defeat . Gen. Giap in his book , made the same statement , adding that they were surprised by the news media reporting and the demonstrations in America . Instead of seeking a conditional surrender , they would now hold out because America 's resolve was weakening and victory could be theirs.From 1969 to the end of the war over 20,000 American soldiers lost their lives in a war that the United States did not have the resolve to win . If General Giap was accurate in his assessment that North Vietnam was going to seek a conditional surrender at the Paris Peace Conference , but stopped due to the sensationalism of the American news media and the anti-war protests following the 1968 Tet Offensive , it follows that those who participated in these anti-war activities have to share partial responsibility for those 20,000 + Americans deaths.We won the war on the battlefield but lost it back home on the college campuses and in the city streets.Americans must realize that there are agents * operating in this Country attempting to undermine our Country and it 's leadership through our democratic principles in an effort to achieve a foreign country 's goal . A prime example of such a person during the Vietnam War was Jane Fonda , an admitted Socialist , who blatantly supported North Vietnam . * Agent - Any person who works to obtain the goals of another nation either for money or for their own political beliefs.A valuable lesson was taught by North Vietnam to other nations on how the United States may be defeated by fighting a two front war - the battlefield and the American home front . We must be aware of this vulnerability.In 1975 , after the fall of the South Vietnam Government , Jane Fonda returned to Hanoi with her newborn son Troy for a celebration in her honor for the work she had done for North Vietnam . During the celebration , her son was christened after a Viet Cong hero , Nguyen Van Troi . Troi had attempted to assassinate Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara while on his visit to South Vietnam in 1963 . The South Vietnam Government executed Troi for this attempted assassination .
 This book should be in the fiction category . I 'm sure Kerry stayed up late every night and dreamed up what would sound good for a person with political aspirations before he wrote up the days ` After Action Reports ' . I just wonder why the author did n't talk about Kerry 's three deferments he applied for and received . When he applied for his fourth to study in France he was turned down so he rushed down to join the Navy where he thought he would be far from action . What a shock it must 've been when after a few months he was assigned to somewhere where there was real danger . This is probably when he dreamed up his plan to get three purple hearts so he could leave after only four months . How can he talk about his ` Tour of Duty ' when he was only there for four months ?
 Nothing but a whitewash of Kerry 's military `` career '' intended as propaganda for support of Kerry 's political ambitions.John Kerry 's entire life is a lie . This book takes from Kerry 's writings the false biography of his Vietnam experiences . It is nothing but a rehash of Kerry 's false reports and self-glorifying phony biography .
 The book is a whitewash on how Kerry & Jane Fonda helped North Vietnam . Kerry & Fonda 's efforts encouraged the North Vietnamese to fight on . The NV leadership said they were ready to go for a conditional surrender after 1969 but decided to fight on thanks to the efforts of Kerry , Fonda and Ramsey Clark.Kerry is a hero in JFK 's Vietnam War but a hero for North Vietnam . In 1975 , the North Vietnamese rewarded Kerry with a sweetheart real esatet deal for Kerry 's cousin .
 John Kerry and his associate Jane Fonda ran the The Vietnam -LRB- faux -RRB- Veterans Against the War Organization . They were instrumental in helping North Vietnam win the war and turning the tide . North Vietnam was ready to surrender conditionally until Kerry & Fonda rendered their aid.As the American POWs returned home in 1973 , they spoke out about the inhumane treatment and torture they had suffered as prisoners of war . Their stories directly contradicted Jane Fonda 's earlier statements of 1972 . Some of the American POWs such as Senator John McCain , a former Presidential candidate , stated that he was tortured by his guards for refusing to meet with Jane Fonda and her group . Jane Fonda , in her response to these new allegations , referred to the returning POWs as being `` hypocrites and liars . `` The Wall Street Journal -LRB- August 3 , 1995 -RRB- published an interview with Bui Tin who served on the General Staff of the North Vietnam Army and received the unconditional surrender of South Vietnam on April 30 , 1975 . During the interview Mr. Tin was asked if the American antiwar movement was important to Hanoi 's victory.Mr . Tin responded `` It was essential to our strategy '' referring to the war being fought on two fronts , the Vietnam battlefield and back home in America through the antiwar movement on college campuses and in the city streets . He further stated the North Vietnamese leadership listened to the American evening news broadcasts `` to follow the growth of the American antiwar movement . '' Visits to Hanoi made by persons such as Jane Fonda , former Attorney General Ramsey Clark and various church ministers `` gave us confidence that we should hold on in the face of battlefield reverses . `` Mr. Tin surmised that `` America lost because of its democracy ; through dissent and protest it lost the ability to mobilize a will to win . '' Mr. Tin further advised that General Vo Nguyen Giap -LRB- Commanding General of the North Vietnam Army -RRB- said the 1968 Tet Offensive was a defeat . Gen. Giap in his book , made the same statement , adding that they were surprised by the news media reporting and the demonstrations in America . Instead of seeking a conditional surrender , they would now hold out because America 's resolve was weakening and victory could be theirs.From 1969 to the end of the war over 20,000 American soldiers lost their lives in a war that the United States did not have the resolve to win . If General Giap was accurate in his assessment that North Vietnam was going to seek a conditional surrender at the Paris Peace Conference , but stopped due to the sensationalism of the American news media and the anti-war protests following the 1968 Tet Offensive , it follows that those who participated in these anti-war activities have to share partial responsibility for those 20,000 + Americans deaths.We won the war on the battlefield but lost it back home on the college campuses and in the city streets.Americans must realize that there are agents * operating in this Country attempting to undermine our Country and it 's leadership through our democratic principles in an effort to achieve a foreign country 's goal . A prime example of such a person during the Vietnam War was Jane Fonda , an admitted Socialist , who blatantly supported North Vietnam . * Agent - Any person who works to obtain the goals of another nation either for money or for their own political beliefs.A valuable lesson was taught by North Vietnam to other nations on how the United States may be defeated by fighting a two front war - the battlefield and the American home front . We must be aware of this vulnerability.In 1975 , after the fall of the South Vietnam Government , Jane Fonda returned to Hanoi with her newborn son Troy for a celebration in her honor for the work she had done for North Vietnam . During the celebration , her son was christened after a Viet Cong hero , Nguyen Van Troi . Troi had attempted to assassinate Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara while on his visit to South Vietnam in 1963 . The South Vietnam Government executed Troi for this attempted assassination .
 As a Viet Nam war veteran , I am completely offended by Tour of Duty , which is nothing more than an attempt to exploit a bloody conflict -LRB- in which over 35,000 Americans died -RRB- to promote the Kerry candidacy for the presidency . This is not only inappropriate but is egregiously insensitve to both the survivors of that war and the families of its victims ! It is exactly the kind of opportunism one has come to associate with that portion of the political spectrum . John Kerry should apologize and immediately arrange for the removal of Tour of Duty from the shelves !!!
 I was really disappointed with the book . I am an aspiring performer , and have been doing a lot of research on the standards . I thought this book would same me a lot of time . The great american songbook includes hundreds of standards -- this book covers only about 30 of them . You can get all of this information on the internet . Save the $ 9 + .
 There are errors of fact on every page , sometimes in every paragraph ! For one example , the pages on Kay Swift , George Gershwin , and Ca n't We Be Friends ? have more than fifty wrrors . What a terrible book , a complete cut and paste job from canned sources with errors added for originality ! No editing whatsoever ? Shocking .
 The book covers about thirty songs . The one song that I know the history of is totally incorrect !! Jimmy Van Heusen told me in 1979 that he co-wrote the song that we know as `` Nancy '' with Phil Silvers on the 20th Century lot . It was written as `` Bessie with a laughing face '' . Bessie was the wife of Jimmy 's partner , Johnny Burke . Later they used it at birthday parties for other woman ... and finally at little Nancy Sinatra 's fourth B-day . Frank cried ... thinking they wrote it for her . This author claims Frank co-wrote it with Jimmy and Phil for Nancy .
 I have been buying from Amazon since last one year and have been satisfied . But this particular order was a very unpleasant buying experience . I ordered the book on July 6 , 2010 and have not received the order till today -LRB- August 3rd -RRB- . A week ago I sent an email to the seller for cancelling the order but have not received any reply so far.Hope this matter is resolved soon and I get a refund.Thanks , Payal
 I was very disappointed with this book . It was repiticious of many other books of the type . Someday I 'd like to see something beyond `` Anna Karenina '' as the top book in the lists . I wo n't recommend this book . Many others are better .
 The favorite books of these 125 `` leading writers '' are populated by adulterers and adulteresses , nihlists , existentialists , pedophiles , and athiests . You ca n't fault J. Peder Zane , the compiler of this work , but rather the secular , overly-academic types that he solicited the lists from . I mean , what type of person would prefer `` Bleak House '' over `` A Tale of Two Cities , '' or `` Middlemarch '' over `` Silas Marner ? '' Another problem with the `` Top Ten '' is that they are all books we ought to like , but nobody would read them for pleasure . I would be interested in a similar list garnered from people who really enjoy good literature , but are not trying to impress others with their erudition .
 Thought I 'd read all of Dorothy Sayers ' mysteries years ago , but never got around to this one before ; turns out I had n't missed anything all that time . Not a Lord Peter Wimsey story , but does take place in the same universe -- there 's a minor character who 's also a minor character in the Lord Peter corpus , and I think there was a throwaway line in a Lord Peter story referring to this murder.It 's a gimmick book
 I hope I am not holding a grudge against The Documents in the Case for not having Lord Peter Wimsey in it . As in many classic mysteries , the jacket reveals the identity of the victim and his cause of death , in this case a wild mushroom enthusiast who dies from consuming deadly Amanita mushrooms . The murder does n't take place until more than halfway through , leaving plenty of time to set the scene . Perhaps inspired by Wilkie Collins ' The Moonstone , the main part of the story is told by letters written by the different characters who are proximate to the murder . Unfortunately all the characters are very self-absorbed and long-winded in a way that I did not find engaging . For social historians , The Documents in the Case highlights 1929 attitudes toward class , feminism , and the new ideas of chemistry , biology , physics , and psychology that were beginning to gain popular currency.Loyal Dorothy Sayers fans who find this less well-known novel after reading her other books will recognize a proto-Miss Climpson and echoes of the feckless `` artistic '' set that Harriet Vane ran with before her murder trial.Hard core Sayers fans will get some pleasure from this book even without His Lordship but its main value is as a period piece and exhibit in the history of detective fiction .
 I did n't think it was possible not to like a Dorothy Sayers mystery ... but I did n't like `` The Documents in the Case '' . The story is presented as a series of letters , newspaper articles and first person writings . As a result , the characters are extremely well drawn and analyzed . But it makes the development of the plot slow and tedious . You 're half way through the book before the murder occurs . Then , it 's more letters , etc. . I had to really work to make myself finish reading the book.An expert on mushrooms , toadstools and other fungi is found dead in his lonely retreat in rural England . There is a question as to whether his death is an accident , a suicide or a murder . Each possibility is pursued in seemingly endless writings . The final resolution is based on a little known , highly technical scientific analysis . It 's very intellectual , but not very exciting or compelling.Dorothy Sayers wrote this book together with Robert Eustace . Maybe the combination just did n't work and , as a result , the book did n't work either .
 I was looking forward to some great reading and fun ideas for quality crafts and stories , but what I received I almost threw away with all the fliers that Amazon sends with your order . This `` book '' looks like it was typed on an old typewriter , photocopied and stapled together.I skimmed through it and then managed to read through about half of it before it disappeared . -LRB- I 'm guessing it got mixed-up with other papers that were taken to the recycling center -RRB- From what I did read this `` book '' had very little that was new to me . I give it 2 stars only because the writer was faithful to the customs without the usual hyped-up , romantic-type ideas that tend to fill up books of this genre.I suppose if this item has a drastic price drop , people interested in the culturally based customs of Samhain would enjoy the read , but do n't have high expectations . Similar material can be found on the web with a wee bit of time -LRB- to sort through the fluff . -RRB-
 Sandra Hirsh and Jane Kise have co-authored a book entitled `` Soul Types - Matching Your Personality and Spiritual Path . '' Both of these ladies write extensively and have a vast array of books to their credit . Hirsh is an expert on the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator and Kise specializes in team building and strategic planning.Though this book has many good things to say , unless one has a thorough understanding of the Myers-Briggs Type concepts the book is too difficult to understand completely.There are a number of terms the authors either created just for the purpose of writing this book or redefined to suit their own purposes . This adds to the difficulty in understanding this book.The first key to understanding the book is to understand their definition of spirituality . `` Here , spirituality refers to aligning our souls with heart , mind and body to fulfill one 's purpose , believing that reality includes more than the tangible , and it refers to pursuing a relationship with One greater than ourselves '' -LRB- pages 17-18 -RRB- . The second key to understanding the book is to learn their definition of a new word they created , soulwork . `` Soulwork means the pursuits and practices that allow for meaning , purpose , and wholeness in life , reaching beyond direct experiences to the unseen around us '' -LRB- page 18 -RRB- . The final key to understanding the book is to grasp their definition of religion . `` Religion refers to a way of life pursuing soulwork by banding with others who espouse the same beliefs or creeds '' -LRB- page 18 -RRB- . Once the reader comes to understand these three key terms , then the book itself can begin to be digested.As much as I disliked all their terms and definitions , the writers did bring some clarity to my mind about why some people find it more difficult to find spirituality in traditional Christian churches than others . On page 47 they observe that `` all too often the Intuitive form of spirituality , with its mysticism , mystery , and concentration on the unseen , is held up as the ` right ' way to be spiritual . '' From my personal experience I would agree with this statement . I think it is helpful to realize that those with less intuitive personalities and more sensing personalities discover spirituality in different ways.I appreciated the format of the chapters . It gave the characteristics for that particular personality type and made suggestions of how people with those personalities might enhance their spirituality . It also gave suggestions of what might cause people with that personality type to struggle . Perhaps one of the most helpful sections of each chapter was the part that gave suggestions for how spiritual leaders or friends of that particular personality type could help them grow spiritually.After writing a chapter for each of the 16 personality types , Hirsh and Kise tie it all together in a well written final chapter . They conclude that , `` In spirituality , traveling down just one path can be the route to stagnation , offering little chance of surprise , challenge , or development '' -LRB- page 241 -RRB- . Though each personality may have a certain way that they naturally approach spiritual issues , they can learn from each other and be inspired from how others seek spirituality and do soulwork . `` Spiritual wholeness develops ... when we allow for insights and information from spiritual experiences that are different from our initial , more natural paths '' -LRB- page 241 -RRB- . What I appreciated about the concluding chapter is that they did not try to convince the reader to stop doing what comes natural to them . Instead they ask the read to simply consider how meaningful other paths might be to other people and to consider trying these other types of soulwork on occasion to keep one 's own faith fresh . The `` key to understanding is n't adapting to everyone else - it is understanding the genuine psychological differences , comprehending the spiritual viewpoint of another , -LSB- and -RSB- gaining knowledge from a changed perspective '' -LRB- page 243 -RRB- . While I may have struggled to understand all the psychological mumble jumble strung throughout the book , this final conclusion made perfect sense to me . This is something I can grasp and put into practice . This is something I can help those around me grasp and put into practice . Therefore , I am glad I read this book .
 This book has a very interesting premise that could have been done better , it can be fast paced at certain points and drag on at others . Hurwitz is a very average writer . His characters are very vanilla , there is nothing new here .
 David Spier is the Chief of the ER at UCLA Hospital . Amidst the typical chaos , a nurse is brought in from outside the ER doors in horrible pain suffering from extreme burns to the eyes , face , mouth , and throat . Some sort of corrosive liquid has been thrown in her face . David finds himself treating her and dealing with her upset and concerned brother , a LAPD officer . David and Officer Jenkins get off on the wrong foot which does not bode well considering both take a personal interest in solving the case and finding the attacker . But the attacker turns out to be extremely unstable and unpredictable . The police believe David is meddling in their investigation while he believes that he has the medical insight to find the suspect in ways that the police are unable . But when David becomes the primary target he must work in concert with the police or they both risk letting the bad guy escape and do more harm to other innocent victims.This is the third novel by Hurwitz and they have steadily declined . This plot had great potential and simply fell flat . Much of David 's personal grief behind the scenes of the main plot distracted and significantly slowed down the pace of the story . Further , David was not particularly sympathetic and created more trouble for himself than necessary . Instead of rooting for him to find the bad guy , the reader wants to scream at him in frustration . The pages start turning and then abruptly stop . Then the pace picks up again only to hit the skids once more . By the last third you will just be reading to finish , not because the story is providing any enjoyment . Unfortunately , this novel was a large disappointment .
 Such babbling nonsense . After the first couple of chapters the book becomes an unrealistic and inane read . Overly moralistic Super Doctor tracks down serial alkali thrower . Who is next on his list ? Bin Laden ? I usually do not bother to write negative reviews , but I could not pass the opportunity with this one .
 This is one of the most impractical books on holistic care for animals that I have ever read .
 The upside
 Roochnik 's 20 years of study has revealed a clear but shallow book on Plato ; he forges his `` techne '' glasses on everything he touches leaving the reader with no clear understanding of what Socratic wisdom consists of . His Plato becomes boring and uninsightful . Readers should skip this book and go directly to Strauss or Bloom for a clear and meaningful understanding of PLatonic wisdom .
 All throughout the book , Mr. Dwyer betrays his own prejudices and sourness toward the Catholic Church . His Jesuit training comes through , which is not all bad , but at times gets in the way of objectivity . No Saint is given that title , nor is any pope titled Pope . Are you Catholic , or not , Mr. Dwyer ? If you have a chip on your soulder about the church , write about that , but not church history . Also , you misrepresent western monasticism and Saint Benedict , either purposely , or through neglect . Likewise , you misrepresent St. Therese of Lisieux , comparing her with Luther . Are you unaware of her devotion to the Blessed Mother ? Mostly , the book is on the politics of the papacy , with a sprinkling of other developments in church history . You do n't seem to be outright anti-Catholic , but obviously infected with a lot of negativity , which , unfortunately , overshadows what truth you would present .
 This book could be a valuable addition to the student 's library if it was n't for the obvious editorializing which punctuates the chapters and betrays the author 's anti-Catholic bias.A much better source for serious study is the more scholarly work
 It is funny how the public opinion of many small European countries is reluctant to recognize necessity of a burden , which large states - USA , China , India or Russia must carry . This burden is opposing terrorism -LRB- regardless of it 's origin -RRB- . These small countries it seems to me are enjoying being an impediment . For example , Danish authorities have refused to extradite Akhmed Zakayev to Russia . Russia wanted him , because allegedly this spokesman of the Chechen guerillas was involved in the terrorist activities . The Danes disagreed and let him freely leave the country . The Belgian embassy in London issued him a European Visa several months before . Some Dutchmen unfortunately are no better . The Netherlands is home country of the publisher of ` Moscow Times ' and the authors of ` Chechnya ' - who were also correspondents of this paper in 1997 . I think the paper is alright , and both Gall and de Waal obviously have some strong journalistic qualities . But I think they have totally failed to give a balanced account on Chechnya , to the point where some pages sound to me like a mouthpiece for the Chechen rebels.Coming back to my point , these small countries are enjoying being on the sidelines , comfortably placed in the Northern fringes of Europe . And all they do is criticizing countries , which stuck with unpleasant role . Why ? May be these two authors of ` Chechnya ' are seeking in Chechens the qualities that they do n't have , or their home countries do n't possess ? They do n't have high mountains , deserts or the Islamic Shariah Law , for sure . May be the bored European intellectuals are tired the liberal democracy and seek truths in Islam or , perhaps , Whirling Dervishes ? May be some of them are like this kid from the West Coast family of means - John Walker Lindh - who joined Taliban in Afghanistan . I do not know , may be Vanessa Redgrave knows . But it is strange to read a book , in which none other than Shamil Basayev is called ` a gifted commander ' , or ` witty ' and ` personable ' . Although the authors know perfectly well that in Russia this person is like Osama bin Laden for the United States . Enemy number one.The Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev started out with high-jacking of a Russian plane to Turkey in 1991 . Then he personally headed the devastating raid to the Russian town of Budyonnovsk in 1995 when the biggest ever number of hostages was taken - more than 1,000 people . Many people were killed during this incursion . Basayev personally ordered execution of some of the hostages , as it is described in the book . Nevertheless , Gall and de Waal took the position , which is not uncommon in the European intellectual circles . This position boils down to the following
 You can not hope to cure cancer using natural remedies . This is a death sentence for most cancer patients . While nutrition plays a key role , those who prey on the hopeful souls of patients should suffer a perilous fate . See your doctor and get the proper care . Your life is too valuable to risk on luck and the stupid greedy actions of uneducated pseudo-intellectuals .
 I originally purchased this postcard book to share with friends who were interested in quilts and I was terribly disappointed when I discovered the cards are not pictures of ACTUAL Amish Quilts . Instead , they are computer generated patterns of Amish quilit patterns . -LRB- Low quality generated pictures , at that . -RRB- Not even worth the $ 1.50 I paid for it .
 Just outside Bulawayo , Zimbabwe , is the small township of Kezi , where life revolves around the bus that comes in from Bulawayo and the Thandabantu store , where everything can be bought and where the population gathers on the veranda to discuss the events of life . During the liberation struggle the old men are replaced by soldiers - both male and female - that take a rest here . But it becomes apparent in the book that a lot of these soldiers are quite deranged . One such soldier kills a girl , Thenjiwe , and mutilates her sister , Nonceba . After a long stay in the hospital , where she tries to regain her physical well-being and mental health , Nonceba follows the ex-lover Cephas of her dead sister to Bulawayo , where they live as brother and sister , two people forever wounded by the war of independence.When written this way the book seems to hold a lot of promise for a very moving book . However , it took me nearly the whole book to get into the story . Yvonne Vera uses a lot of metaphors in which she couples different senses
 I am a big reader of non-fiction and historical fiction . Other reviewers found this book to be inspiring and poetic . I found it to be depressing and verbose . This entire book could have been written in 6 sentences . It takes her nearly 30 pages to introduce the town . You do n't know who the main character is until nearly that far into the book.I read this book for a class on international literature , and the whole class agreed you should stay away from this book . Other books like `` Things Fall Apart '' will give you a more practical look at life in colonial Africa .
 Poor , poor , poor , about as interesting as the verses attributed to Jesus that remain in the Bible . One of the things we did not buy .
 The encyclopedia is poorly organized , and too many outdated sources for many entries . Extremely bad for Art Historians ! If you want a particular site , one must search for it under its location . Not theme or era . There even is n't an entry for the Romanesque era !! And there is n't any for San Isidoro de Le&oacute;n - Panteon de los Reyes . While the writer of `` Historia Silense '' might have known King Ferdinand ; the writer was n't a monk at Sahagun !! He was either at Silos or at Leon . Once again Routledge has proven itself unable in doing a great encyclopedia of the era .
 Notwithstanding my wife'e love for Vonnegut and his many successful books I struggled through Breakfast of Champions and finished it without having any sense for what it was about . It was confusing and pointless with no character or plot development .
 I am a huge Vonnegut fan . I have read them all . This was one of the last that I read , and by far my least favorite . I barely got through it . DO NOT start reading Vonnegut with this book . Start with Slaughterhouse Five or something else , and save Cat 's Cradle for last ...
 I 'll admit I only got about 50 pages into this book , so I ca n't offer the most informed opinion . But from what I read , this book is little more than garbage . I read `` Cats Cradle '' and enjoyed it . I did n't agree with everything in it but it was very clever and subtle . This on the other hand , has no subtlety . It reads like the lyrics to a rage against the machine song . Just pure liberal ranting about how everything established in America is wrong . Also , his drawings seem like a cop out , an excuse not to describe something . If you want to read good satire , read Heller , or John Kennedy Toole . This book is a lemon .
 I feel I must be missing something as there are so many positive reviews for this book . I did not even finish it . All of the reviews say it is smart and funny . I suppose I 'm not bright enough and do n't have the sense of humor it takes to appreciate this book . To me , it appears to be nonsensical stream of consciousness dribble . Just writing with no real clear direction or organization . I am a fan of Vonnegut 's other works . Unfortunately , this one was not for me . I 'm not sure what others saw in it that I did n't . Maybe they 're just very loyal to Vonnegut . I do n't know . I can not recommend this book .
 Despite what others would have me believe , I do not remember chuckling , much less laughing , at any moment while reading this book . I just kept patiently waiting for a story , or even a point , to surface , but after finishing the Epilogue I did n't find either .
 Kurt Vonnegut is a snake oil salesman . His writing is so pretentious , self-referential , and nihilistic that you ca n't help but despise Vonnegut personally and despise even more the intellectuals and professors who praise him religiously.Breakfast of Champions is no different than the rest of his work . He randomly inserts inane facts to be funny , like the size of male characters ' organs once he introduces them . These can come at any moment , so you have to be prepared for them . The book is extremely vulgar in that the obscenities have no redeeming value . There is no genuine emotion behind them.The plot ? There is none that makes any sense . Furthermore , Vonnegut partakes in America bashing for the first 10 pages and comes across as a Communist , which made me nearly put the book down , but I muscled through the rest of it on a long airplane ride.Completely unenjoyable . No redeeming value . One of the worst books I 've ever read .
 This review is for the audio CD version of the novel . I read the book for the first time 20 + years ago . At the time , we lived in a different world . As a teenager , I thought Vonnegut was cool , and I devoured this novel . 20 + years later , I can no longer stomach it . Back when it was hip to bash American and all it stands for , this book seemed important . I can see now that it is not . Do n't bother reading this .
 I was sooooooo dissapointed since I am a big fan of Vonnegut 's and love his writing style -LRB- except in this book -RRB- , not to mention my favorite character Kilgore Trout . I read some of the reviews and decided to ignore the negative ones since there is so many people out there who clearly miss Vonnegut 's point . It is racist , sexist and towards the end he just rambles on pointlessly about things ... that have nothing to do with what he is talking about . I am used to being shocked by Vonnegut but this was too much . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK , it is a waste of time and money .
 One thing about the author is , he loves the `` n-word '' and he hates blacks . I never could understand how people who call themselves imaginative creators take such pride in alienating select audiences . Do n't you want people to buy the darn book ??? You effectively killed your black audience , Kurt . Now , I 'm a smart man with a high tolerance for stupidity and wacked opinions and am often able to find art in the sublime . From another black man 's promptings , I bought the book and read it . I was disgusted . No doubt , Quentin Tarrantino is clammoring for the rights to make the film . If you do n't like blacks and you 're the type of person who feels that nobody ever gets your jokes , this `` book '' is for you .
 You can tell a novel is by a liberal for liberals when it adds nothing , is odious to the extreme , and tries to be morally superior and morally relativistic at the same time . I 've seen more insight on cereal boxes .
 This is an example of a name author being able to write literally anything and be hailed as a genius by the literati.It 's also an example of the public buying and praising whatever they hear they are supposed to be buying and praising . -LRB- Whether they ever read it is problematic . -RRB- But KV 's pseudo-intellectual pap offers yet another draw for readers -- those who read it can pose as great thinkers merely by praising it with a few big words . Impressive thinkers , they.I must admit that even I saw some deep , dark , hidden meaning in this steaming offal
 I did n't read the book , but I saw the movie -LRB- which by the way filmed near my hometown -RRB- . It stars Bruce Willis as the wacky Dwane Hoover . the movie to me was OK
 I guess this is why I am not a book critic , but `` lucid '' and `` slippery ? '' I 'm sorry but that does n't mean a thing to me , especially in the context of this book . Pretentious comes to mind . Vonnegut trying so hard to be a literary genius that he goes the way of Pulp Fiction or Naked Lunch and just tries to make sure it does n't quite make sense or have a point . Not impressed . For context , I love the books Ishmael , The Fountainhead , The Wheel of Time , Venus in Furs , The God of Small Things ...
 Sorry , I just did n't get it . I liked Slaughter House Five . Vonnegut shows many signs of being a brilliant writer , even though I did n't understand the story . I knew much of it was satire , I just wish I could understand it . Since this is a very simple book to read I would actually recommend it , despite my low score .
 This book holds a very special place in my heart . It is the first book I ever threw away.It has n't been the last.Back in 1976 I spent every Saturday at the local bookstore , and one day thought I would venture far from the Sci-Fi and Mystery shelves over to the BESTSELLERS ! I would buy one , I thought , and take it home and expand my view . I saw this book , priced at the then unheard of price of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- you could get two paperbacks for that price back then -RRB- , but I gulped and paid and sped home.Five minutes into reading I got that sickening feeling you get when you find out you 've thrown your money away and you 'll never get it back . Five minutes more only increased the sickness . I could stomach no more . I put it down . But I had a plan.I took it to Junior High the next day , and walking through the courtyard I took it from my backpack and spun it into the trash . I was immediately cleansed , and though I knew I would never get my money back I felt a rush of joy and lightness at having rid the world of such utter crap.Two good thing came of that event . Before , I treated and thought of books as sacred things . I did no longer . Books are not sacred . Good writing surely is . The second thing that happened is I never read another Vonnegut book . I put more effort into toilet paper than was put into that garbage . Having been treated so cavalierly by V-gut I determined not to be taken in again . No author deserves a second chance if the first contained so little effort . He spits in the face of the reader with this book with an attitude of
 Anyone who thinks ` Breakfast of Champions ' is `` outright hilarious '' has a strange sense of humor . Not once was I even mildly amused . Was it the crude humor for shock value ? The blatant attempts at teaching us lessons about our messed up society ? If you are desperate enough to read this book , I recommend just looking at the pictures , that 's about as good as it gets .
 It 's amazing how Kurt Vonnegut has been able to hornswaggle readers for so long ; and that he 's finally being accepted as genuine literature by the elitist critics and professors demonstrates his thimblerigging proficiency . That said , I will admit `` Breakfast '' has the most accessable story of any of his books I 've perused . The structure is at least interesting , the way he 's managed to chop the narrative into sound bites and nevertheless make it coherent . What first puts one off this novel , though , are his windy pontifications . It seems almost a contradiction in terms to find a nihilist egoist , but somehow Vonnegut manages . I grew tired of the author long before the story itself grew tedious . If you enjoy Vonnegut 's smug tendentiousness , I would recommend this book as one of his better efforts . If you 're looking for mature fiction , pass by .
 I 'd say it was a book purposely written stupidly to appear clever . I found it extremely dull . I gagged out 1/2 way through it . I gurantee I can write better than this . If an unknown author had submitted this story to a publisher , it would have been returned with a rejection form letter .
 I disliked the book mostly on the way it was written . It was suppose to be funny or something , but I did n't find anything that funny . The part that turned me off was the writing style . Donnie did this Donnie did that , it was cute for a little bit , but I got very tired of it . I am unsure of what Kurt Vonnegut 's style usually is , but if it is anything like this , I do n't believe I will read another one of his books . I am a fan of ranting , and get to listen to a lot of good ones , but the style got in the way of all the fun . Yeah and it only took like 2 hours to read the entire thing . I normally do n't review , but this one bothered me enough to.If you do read books only for the preface , this is your book . I thought the preface was quite entertaining ... too bad it was n't longer and the entire plot of the book .
 Though I typically find KV 's books very entertaining , this one just did n't do much for me for the first 9/10 of it . Vonnegut usually has some phrase or idea he repeats extensively in his novels ; you may remember `` ting-a-ling '' or `` So it goes '' ; well , in this novel , which is excessively badly pornographic in passing , Vonnegut feels the need to tell you the size of every male character 's member upon introduction ; It really does n't serve any central purpose to the story.Two of the key characters , Rabo and Kilgore , are served up much more fascinatingly and entertainingly in other books . He also includes a TON of drawings , which are only necessary maybe one fifth of the time . I guess I believe he has a problem with moderation !
 Part memoir , part novel , part experimental meta-narrative , `` Breakfast of Champions '' is a jumbled assortment of literary devices and imagination rolled into a book peppered with felt-tip drawings by the author . To give it a plot is to loosely give you an idea of what 's going on in the book though really it only makes up for a third of it or so
 Breakfast of Champions is the first Kurt Vonnegut I 've read . I hate to say it but I was not too impressed . I was hoping for a book that would be challenging . What I got was a book that used infantile humor in the guise of satire to try to impress the reader on just how clever the author is . If he has a main point , it seems to be that we are all empowered individuals and that all others are there to act as robots to interfere/interface with our lives . This viewpoint is just too cynical and cold for this reader . I very much doubt hat I will be reading any other of Vonnegut 's works .
 After reading Cat 's Cradle , I was very excited to read another Vonnegut title . After reading the many rave reviews of Breakfast of Champions I decided this would be an interesting choice . I was very disappointed . The only reason I even finished it was because it was an easy , short read plus I wanted to be able to write a review taking the whole book into consideration . First , it is not funny . I am befuddled as to how so many people found it funny . It just is n't . Sure , there are a couple of somewhat funny comments but these are very few and far between . Basically all he does is criticize our American society which I do not find offensive but he does it in such a direct , in-your-face style that it does n't resonate with any humor . It is like he just put down on paper some random thoughts and complaints about our society without putting any effort toward creating a cohesive theme . The storyline itself is so fragmented and superficial and pock-marked with useless anecdotes and comments that after the first 50 pages I really lost all interest.Now for the pictures . He decided to draw pictures of everyday things that we all are familiar with such as a cow and a hamburger . Now at first these were a bit humerous but after the first dozen or so they were very tedious and useless . I found myself thinking `` Yes Kurt , I know what a cow looks like '' . I understand that he is pretending to be writing this commentary on our society to someone who is not familiar with our world in order to highlight it 's contradictions , ironies and hypocrosies which are often times right under our noses but the pictures just got to be too much . I finally concluded he used them just for filler for his very thin story.There was also a lot of derogatory comments about African-Americans which obviously offended some readers but he also has other vulgar comments as well and these , I believe , were all included to do just that
 I really meant one star , but I did n't want to be immediately labeled as one of those idiots who gives great books a 1 merely because everyone else threw 5 's . Breakfast of Champions , though , was self-indulgent , insubtle , rambling drivel that does not deserve any of the applause which people have so eagerly and richly supplied it with . The attempted irony in the book is distorted and monstrously misapplied . I groaned at each new meaningless illustration or transparent and overwrought attempt at novel , unorthodox narration . The whole book is directed at the lowest common denominator . Style over substance . I admire Vonnegut , and have enjoyed his other works , but Breakfast of Champions belongs in the same trash bin with A Prayer for Owen Meany -LRB- John Irving 's only garbage novel , yet it is tremendously loved -RRB- .
 Vonnegut 's anti-modern world narcissism is a boring journey into little minds . Difficult to keep paying attention to it . The drawings / cartoons contribute so little .
 Reading the average review of Breakfast of Champions , one gets the impression that this book must be at once uproariously funny , incisive in its social critism , and deeply philosophical . In truth , none of the above are even remotely applicable.Like Mark Twain , whom Vonnegut has often been likened to , Vonnegut 's humor is largely based on tongue-in-cheek irreverence of the `` Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court '' variety . The idea is to write a social critique from the perspective of a naive or unbiased outsider who is supposedly able to see things more clearly than everybody else . The outsider goes around pretending ` unwittingly ' to expose absurdities , prejudices , and hypocrisy underlying various social conventions.The outsider in Breakfast of Champions is a narrator who writes about Earthlings as if he were an intergalactic traveller . The irreverent statements he makes are supposed to shock hypocrites , while those who are in-the-know titter away at the spectacle . Concerning power politics , for instance , Vonnegut writes
 Let me start by saying that I already had my doubts about Vonnegut . I 've already admitted that I could never get into Slaughterhouse-Five , and while I 'd not given it as many tries , Cat 's Cradle did n't do anything for me either . So why , one might ask , did I pick up yet another Vonnegut ? It was more than just a burst of misguided optimism - I got a solid recommendation from a trusted source -LRB- Paul Dail -RRB- who claimed that this one was different and had influenced him a great deal . It was , in fact , one of the ten books that had the biggest influence on him as a writer , and a number of his other choices were books that I also enjoyed a great deal . Plus it was actually about a writer and the gestalt between writer and character . And if that does n't total a solid recommendation , I do n't know what does ... Well , Paul , I have good news and bad news.First the good . I actually finished this one . So right off the bat you achieved what no one else has ever been able to - you got me through Vonnegut . And I did really dig the whole writer-writes-himself-into-the-story thing - Vonnegut himself plays a role -LRB- and not entirely minor , either -RRB- in the story.Now , unfortunately , the bad . And this part will be a tish longer . And it requires me to attempt to give you a brief synopsis of the book first , to make sure anyone who has n't read it can follow where I go . If you have never read Vonnegut , you may be confused by that last bit - `` attempt to give you a brief synopsis '' . I mean , who ca n't give a synopsis of a story they 've read , right ? Well , Vonnegut does n't really write stories quite that straightforwardly , so the synopsis is n't as easy as all that . I will do my best though - and anyone -LRB- like Paul -RRB- who happens to have read the book and to have something to add that either -LRB- a -RRB- I missed , or -LRB- b -RRB- makes the story seem a bit more logical , should feel free to add it to the comments!In short , the book is about an author -LRB- Kilgore Trout -RRB- and a reader -LRB- Dwayne Hoover -RRB- . Hoover invites Trout to town for a `` cultural festival '' - as Trout makes his way to town , Hoover descends into insanity , largely due to Trout 's books . Much mayhem ensues . A slew of other characters are introduced . Vonnegut himself appears on occasion , full of snark and piss and vinegar . Oh yeah , and line drawings . Yup , the book is sprinkled with Vonnegut 's drawings throughout . They are intended to illustrate the story . Mostly they just seem to emphasize the randomness.I 'm sure a better reader than I could come up with a better synopsis , full of in-depth analysis and literary meaning . The book was written in the 1970s and it 's entirely possible that I just am not in the spirit of the times enough to get it 's all-over-the-place-ness . Or maybe it 's just not that great a book . Who knows . Whatever the reason , it did n't resonate with me . Sure , I enjoyed a few parts of it ; Vonnegut is clever and every now and then throws out a pearl of insight , laden with cynicism and bitter wisdom . But on the whole , it felt disjointed and kind of pointless . And that 's the biggest disappointment of all.I wanted to like this one . I really did . I liked the way other people talked about this book , I liked the premise - the interaction between author and obsessed reader , the interposition of the author into the story , the idea of an author who thinks he writes crap when other people think he is some sort of prophet . I wanted to like the bits of `` art '' scattered throughout the story , the very randomness I had a hard time following . But I just did n't . It felt like that kind of bizarre seventies crap that I have always found self-indulgent and overly pleased with itself - the kind that does n't make sense and is proud that it does n't . Again I offer the following
 I loved The Sirens of Titan when I 'd read it . The central idea behind the book - that the search for meaning might end somewhere disappointing - was fascinating and fun to explore . I 've loved books in a similar vein . James Morrow was one of my favorite authors , and I 'd love to re-read `` City of Truth '' some time . I 've also grown accustomed - and even learned to enjoy - since I first saw Night of the Living Dead as an adolescent going on teenager , to authors hiding behind their work to sometimes throw stones or sometimes just raspberry the world around them . Probably my favorite part of every Twilight Zone episode is the small , universal , fun messages behind the show that you just ca n't help but agree with in spite of everything . And what episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents would be complete without Alfred 's own dry wit ? As you can tell , my taste in entertainment predates me by quite a few years . What I 'm trying to say , is that by all rights I should have liked this book.So I went into this , expecting an entertaining premise I could follow . Ideas I could chew on . Plot I could try to understand . Characters I could care about . `` And so on '' . And maybe with a healthy shaking of Vonnegut 's own wit , wisdom , and voice , like salt and pepper on a baked potato . To stretch the analogy a little further , I was even prepared for a bit of raunchy sour cream.What I got was salt , pepper , sour cream , butter , and no potato.The book was written in 1973 , I told myself . These ideas were n't quite so hackneyed and done . Sure it felt like reading a Garfield strip , but back then even Jim Davis ' unique brand of humor would have been futuristic and edgy . The world must have been a simpler , more innocent place back then . It just had to be.I told myself similar things every time I was told which political philosophies to subscribe to , pressing issues to care about , `` and so on '' . I reminded myself that maybe these concepts were flying in the face of an unchallenged status quo back then . I 'm even now refusing to create a model to check these assumptions against reality . I 'm refusing to look up on Wikipedia how long Nixon had been President already in 1973 . I do n't want to know whether this was before or after George Carlin was arrested . I 've got a comfortable fiction protecting me from hating Mr Vonnegut , the man that 's given us so much better than this , and I 'm happy there.But I 've made it four chapters . Maybe it 'll be fun reading what other people reviewing the book have to say about Mr Hoover 's antics and how people close to him like this Bunny character I 've heard about react . I 'm throwing a book away , intentionally . Not just putting it on my bookcase lying to myself about reading it some day . I ca n't get a refund , but honestly , I do n't want one ; there is a good chance that , should I return the audio book to the store I bought it from , it would end up on the shelf where someone else might buy it , and I do n't want that on my conscience.What I 'm saying , is that I 'm genuinely happy for you if you enjoyed the book . But I obviously did n't , and seeing as how Mr Vonnegut made it a point to let us know he has no intention of pulling punches , I do n't think it would be right for me to do so either .
 I think I 've read most everything Vonnegut published . Some 3 or 4 times . This was my second reading of B of C because the first time caused me to exit the doors of Vonnegut 's theatre with a headache and a very bad taste in my mouth . It was only later that I recovered.Every writer has highs and lows . This is Vonnegut 's nadir . As he stated `` This book is my fiftieth-birthday present to myself . I feel as though I am crossing the spine of a roof -- having ascended one slope.I am programmed at fifty to perform childishly -- to insult `` The Star-Spangled Banner , '' etc. , etc. , etc.Basically , cosmic trash and , unfortunately , an enduringly popular part of his legacy.Vonnegut has always had the ability to bring me into his world as a participant . B of C drags the reader almost unwillingly into the mental carnage of piteous self-assessment . But , like the pearls before swine , there are more than a few moments of good writing . My favorite : `` Listen
 This may sound like the kind of frothing review written by somebody who never read the book , but who dislikes the author and gives a bad review on principle ; this is n't the case . I liked Vonnegut when I picked up this novel , on account of the much better Cat 's Cradle and Mother Night , but after reading Breakfast I began to change my mind.I do n't think people should be able to get away with writing books like this.It 's self-indulgent . It 's heavy-handed , smug , obnoxious and fatuous ; even if I agreed with Vonnegut completley , I do n't think I would be able to stomach it . His philosophy is presented as a matter of fact , in short , self-satisfied bursts of introspection , while characters from his other novels blunder around pointlessly - but what separates this novel from some existentialist or surrealist masterpiece is the disgusting , homespun sentimentality evident on every single page . It 's a grand combination of nonsense and mawkishness , peppered , just for the heck of it apparently , with the tons of ` cute ' sexual references and the occasional obscene drawing . Because Vonnegut himself is such an overbearing presence in the novel , I found myself hating him personally when I had finished it . Please , please do n't buy this book ; bury the abberation , do n't let other authors think that this is what the novel has become .
 This book was highly recommended by a coworker . As a result , I subsequently really question this person 's credibility . This is one of the most pointless , self-indulgent , absolutely unnecessary books I 've ever read . Before buying , read the prologue - Vonnegut did n't even want to write this book ! Take Vonnegut 's own advice and do n't bother reading this senseless prose . It was written &#34; to clear -LRB- his -RRB- head of all the mental junk that had piled up in 50 years of living on planet Earth &#34; at the time of writing . Rated 1 star because I could n't rate it zero ...
 Save your money . Other books I have read by Kurt Vannegutt had some redeaming qualities ; this on has none , in my view .
 I have tried to get through this book . Maybe I am trying to take it too literally . Maybe it 's fantastic and I am just obtuse . It has been suggested to me that another Vonnegut would be a better starting point ; I am repeating that advise here .
 This is honestly one of the worst books I have ever read . I was saddened to see how far Vonnegut 's mind had apparently deteriorated by the time I read this novel . It 's a bunch of disjointed babbling about the most boring things imaginable ; if I had n't read the back of the book I would n't even be sure if it was intended to be humor . Practically nothing in it is the least bit funny or entertaining . It looks like it was written by a heavily drugged 10-year-old as a school assignment to explain Earth to an even younger and more ignorant child . Throughout there are infantile explanations of the most basic terms as if Vonnegut intended his book to survive for centuries until it was a historical relic , used by future societies to understand ours . One of the most stunningly idiotic things in the book -LRB- or any book I have read -RRB- is his technique of babbling about himself in the first person in the middle of telling the story , as if the story was n't boring enough in itself ; it has perhaps two plot events total . He even makes claims about his penis size . It is beyond me how any intelligent person above the age of 12 could find this interesting.I loved Player Piano , Slaughterhouse Five and Cat 's Cradle , which were nothing like this book , and can only assume from the stark contrast that Vonnegut suffered from senility at a much younger age than usual .
 If you have never fasted before , and want to learn the basics of how and why , this is a decent book . Unfortunately , you have to wade through a lot of superfluous blather.Having studied the subject at length , I found the science behind the book to be fairly sound , although there were a number of questionable claims -LRB- and a couple that were outright false -RRB- . As a Christian , I had some serious problems with the book . The most offensive part was the suggestion that when Jesus was tempted by the Devil after 40 days of fasting in the desert , Jesus was experiencing a fasting-induced hallucination ! I started reading the book with the knowledge that there would be a lot of discussion of Eastern religions , meditation , and New Age-ism , so that did not offend me -LRB- I still do n't buy the whole `` chakra '' thing , but I wo n't argue that point here -RRB- . However , I thought that those relious points of view were disproportionately represented.Most of basic fasting is common sense . If you really want an in depth , scientific review of fasting , I would recommend Dr. Joel Fuhrman 's book , `` Fasting and Eating for Health . '' I 'm going to keep his book . However , I will be selling `` The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Fasting . '' Despite what you have read in this review , would you like to buy my copy ?
 It is the first thing I have bought from Amazon , which upset me . This book is 20 A4 pieces of photocopied paper folded in half and stapled . I paid more and got a home made CD . I already am proficient in Greek Dance and thought this would teach me something new.It would be confusing for anyone trying to learn it for the first time .
 Baltic countries has distinct difference from Slavic cultures and languages , besides they are not in Eastern Europe as so many archaic minds including the compilers of this book consider.Even within the Baltics languages differ so why make such generalizations and throw all these languages in one pot.You will be surprised how similar Estonian is to Finnish as they 're both Finno-Ugrian languages . Surely this book ignores the basic linguistic facts and does n't facilitate the traveler 's life .
 I was happy that my book arrived just in time for our first reading for my Spanish 142 class . But when I received the package and opened it , it smelled funny , and was very tattered . It seems that the previous owner did not take good care of it , and it smells very much like cigarette . And a lot of the pages are heavily drawn on with pencil . Not complaining because I finally have my book , but I would have wanted to know that the book was n't very well taken care of , and that a lot of the pages were written on and that it smells badly . And the book did n't come with the CD .
 I bought this map on Amazon and it was a good basic starter map for our 10 day trip to Kauai . Ironically , it was the only map we saw available when we first arrived and in many cases what I paid on Amazon was much cheaper then the price for the same thing on Kauai itself ! However , if you really want to travel around Kauai and are going to be looking for specific streets , you need something much more detailed then this map has to offer .
 With apologies to the author -- I 've been to Kauai many times , and this is the one map I would not have taken into my car . It 's accurate , but it 's so small , it 's not useful . Maybe I 'm not good at translating map scales as printed in the product description , but I was sadly disappointed . I got around better using the `` free '' maps.What I would suggest ... rerelease this map as a laminated card . It 's the right size for that . It would n't be a bad move with all of the rain they get .
 Tolkien -LRB- The book but apparently also the man himself -RRB- is slow-developing but interesting . If you 're a fan of Hobbits and looking for more background information -LRB- in light of the new movie ? -RRB- then I would encourage you to pick this book up used . If you 're not pursuing an understanding of Tolkien 's literary philosophy on character names or insights into the lifestyle of an author/professor , I would encourage you to pass on this one . 2 out of 5 harry hobbit feet.AMY
 I ordered 5 books including this one , and all of them are so very shallow , low level and boring.Some of the chapters were actually copied in several books ! Unbelivable.I would probably recommend this series to school children interested in management - nothing more than that .
 I regularly read great articles from the subscription program of HBR and rely on its contents for great insight into today 's business environment.Unfortunately , the HBR book series make a poor comparison . I have even wonder if HBR is recycling unused , or rejected submissions for these books.I bought Managing People , Brand managment and Marketing and stopped reading each after just two articles . They were just all a waste of time .
 I 'm a Bridgman fan , but his complete guide to drawing from life is available used for $ 7.50 . and sells new for $ 12.21 . This is less than an introduction to the genius that is Bridgman , get the big book .
 I was dissappointed in this product . . it is not a copy of the original book . . just a facsimile with less information . . very incomplete . . company did n't tell me . . it was not worth the $ 20.00 it cost -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . Also company never sent me notification that they received my order , none that they shipped . . and never responded to my e-mails ... a negative experience !
 I bought 3 of Bridgmans books
 I expected more from this book based on the reviews that I read before buying it . Although it has some good information about what specific muscles jobs are , the illustrations are not clear enough for good understanding . As an artist specifically working with the human form I find this book very mickey mousey and incomplete . If you already have all the books ever created on human anatomy that are needed to put together the information that is required to have a comprehensive knowledge on how the human body is constructed and moves then get this to finish your collection , but if you are looking for a clear understanding and accurate information on human anatomy for the artist look elswhere .
 I have several Bridgman books , and I absolutely love him . I was very exited about this book , and as they say `` do n't judge a book by its cover '' I did , because the cover is so nice , in fact it is the only good thing about this book , the jacket . I thought the reprint was going to be awesome , like the Dover publication books . When I got it , the reproductions are super faded , ca n't read the script either , I suggest getting Bridgman books from Dover publications .
 this book is a tragedy . great book , but publication quality is zero.don ' t buy a reprint.get the original .
 I love Kristin Hannah , , , usually ! This book was a bit boring and predictable . I would not recommend ! But many of her other books are wonderful .
 This book starts out great and is a wonderful story for about 95 % of the book . And then , it takes a dramatic turn that is both outrageous and nonsensical , not to mention totally inconsistent with the character we learn to love throughout the book . The end is a profound betrayal to the characters and the reader , that turns what could have been a beautiful story into a taudry tale of selfishness , betrayal and poor judgment . I do n't get it . Kristen is usually so good at understanding how a character 's actions affect the other characters in the book . Not this time . This story ends on a sickeningly sweet whitewashing of a heartrendingly stupid mistake . I ended the book hurt and deeply disappointed .
 After reading all the wonderful reviews of this book , I could n't wait to read it . However , I was bored the whole time . I 'm happy to see other reviewers who were wondering what the big deal was with this book . This was almost as bad as a Danielle Steel book . Just plain , boring , mundane , but at least Kristin Hannah does not repeat herself over and over ... I was looking forward to reading a new author , but this was my first , and probably last , Kristin Hannah book .
 I would n't recommend this book . There was n't much of a climax to it , just kinda kept going on and on . A bit predictable as well . Of course the teen living with her would get pregnant , it 's kind of a given in a book like this . I also felt like it was unrealistic that she was able to save a failing restaurant so easily .
 My library has a cart out in front where you can pick up and drop off a book without checking it out - that 's where I picked this one up and I sure am glad I did n't pay for it . I thought this book was awful . It was formulaic , moralistic , and full of caricatures and stereotypes . Kristin Hannah really missed an opportunity to write a genuine book about the pain and frustration of infertility . I have never read any of her books before this one and will not again .
 Cant even really tell what the book looks like . Place my order 23 days ago and have not even received yet . It should have it no later than the 23rd of december but I guess what was supposed to be a Christmas gift its gon na be more like her birthday gift which is 33 days from now . Hopefully will get that lucky , huh ? ...
 If you think you will actually learn how to fabricate something , you will be disappointed . It is not a HOW-TO book at all . It 's nothing more than a listing of monster garage projects describing things they built . Most is a self-aggrandizement description of how great they are and the wild big stuff they built . Some do n't even have a picture of the project . A better title is '' Some stuff we built on Monster Garage '' . There are no tricks of the trade , nothing new or enlightening , most stuff ca n't be built by the average tinkerer anyhow because of the enormous tool arsenal required . A total waste . Sorry
 Does not tell how to do any thing . Just a list of projects they have done and bragging about them selves.A list of basic hand tools near the front of book , but no specifics on specialty tools . There are no list of how to use tooling or how to fabricate any thing .
 As with the other three books in the series there is useful information here , just not a whole lot of it . The attempt to cover so many bases at once causes it to fall short in all of them . Being a Monster Garage publication one might reasonably expect it focus on custom cars , but it frequently digresses with such projects as a tool caddy and bizarrely , a log splitter . Further , if there was less emphasis on the stars of the custom car industry and more on the `` how to '' this would be a much better buy . As it is , it does n't even make the grade as a Monster Garage souvenir book as Monster Garage barely makes a mention .
 I checked this book out from my local library with the hopes of gaining some useful info on metalwork techniques . I was VERY disappointed that there was the smallest smattering of anything useful for learning anything about fabricating . This book is a complete waste of time .
 too many worthless pictures , large print , no content , i will never buy a motorbooks book again !!!!!!!!!!!! , and beware of hp books also !! , unless you want worthless glossy pictures !!!!!
 I was on a waiting list for an Airedale Terrier for over 6 months so while I waited I ended up purchasing several books to educate myself on the breed and what to expect . Here are the 8 books that I purchase from my most favorite to my least favorite along with my review .1 . Airedale Terrier - A Comprehensive Guide to Owning and Caring for Your Dog , by
 I tried to write an add-in . I got it working , but as far as getting it to really do what I wanted -LRB- something similar to NuMega DevPartner which can act on particular files in the project -RRB- , this book did n't get me there . I 'm not sure if the author has built any really useful add-ins either . There 's certainly a market for a good book on it , but this is n't it . FWIW , I have the same author 's book on programming Word , and I did n't find that any more useful than the online documentation , so perhaps this author just needs to get more into the material and then share what he learns . This book is probably too short , and perhaps the space to properly expound on the material was limited by the publisher .
 With great excitement I purchased this book , when thumbing through it in the store it looked really promising . It truly does give alot more information than MS does , but it still leaves you confused a bit . The object models are shrugged off to very little commentary and figuring out the complexities of manipulating objects within a large program is not even touched . I had hoped that this topic had finally gotten serious consideration , it appears that this was only meant to be an intro book . I would highly recommend it if you only want to know what an add-in is , but if you want to do some serious programming with addins , you 'll need alot more than this book .
 I expected more
 I was originally going to give this book 3 stars , but after reading the author 's retaliatory comments , the best I could offer is a 2 -LRB- and I will never buy one of his books again - crybaby -RRB- . Mr. Roman 's earlier book , Learn Word Programming , was excellent . Naturally , this lead me to believe that this book would be just as good . It was n't . I try to suggest other books in my reviews , but there are n't many that cover this exact topic . You might want to check `` Learn Word 2000 VBA Document Automation '' , it has a few projects in there , but they are mainly concerned with Word . Other than that , I guess we will just have to wait for awhile .
 This guide is missing some essential details that are needed for higher level characters . It only has maps of about 3 cities -LRB- it does n't have maps for Rome , one of the largest , most populated city in the game -RRB- and it does n't have maps of the higher level zones either.The list of nano programs that this guide has does not include details about the higher level programs.Overall , this guide would be strictly for a newbie , if you are passed level 20 , this guide would be a waste of -LSB- money -RSB-
 Actually , that is beside the point . The launch of AO was horrid -LRB- second only to ww2online -RRB- , and the Devs have been `` balancing/nerfing/tweaking '' so many things that the mechanics are almost unrecognizable at this point . For example , the Nanotech class description described them as `` the master of Nanos '' and `` able to Solo , Group , and PvP effectively . `` People who actually play this class -LRB- which turns out to be a complete gimp after level 40 of 200 -RRB- , have taken to fascetiously quoting the `` official guide '' in their signatures when posting on the funcom forums complaining about broken game mechanics.The entire game is a joke and after building a character up to the middle-game I cancelled my subscription before they could bill my credit card . If you want accurate info about how bad it is -LRB- Funcom has started censoring their official forums before the European launch because of `` too much negativity '' . -RRB- ...
 You will get more information about this very bad game from online sources . Dont waste your time or money .
 I am a fan of Martin Amis , and was greatly looking forward to this book , but _ Yellow Dog _ is a disappointment.There are clever bits that charm . For example , I loved this bit
 I wait for Amis ' books like I would the Second Coming , and I 'm usually not left wanting . Unfortunately this was not my experience with YELLOW DOG . I felt at times he was trying to emulate Burroughs ' cut-and-paste technique with the plot , but I did n't empathize enough with the characters to want to go back and retrace my steps . Yes , there 's some diamond-sharp prose in this book , but it does n't hang together . Where 's the brilliance of LONDON FIELDS ? The belly laughs of THE INFORMATION ? Sorry , Martin , but you lost me on this one .
 From Michael Silverblatt 's interview of Don DeLillo regarding COSMOPOLIS
 I am not quite sure if there is a plot in this novel . It is a preachy novel about pornography and journalism . Xan Meo is more like an idealogy than a three-dimensional character . There is a sense of superficial intelligensia . The novel meanders with Xan Meo 's -LSB- complaining -RSB- practically about everything . Smoker the journalism is a much more interesting character , but then again , Amis has to inject his snobberish intellectulism -- philosophizing everything.What is this novel about ? A waste of my -LSB- money -RSB- .
 Martin Amis ' Yellow Dog is essentially an unreadable , pretentious , and painful book . You 'd have to be a masochist to go beyond page 23 , and believe me , I tried but the sheer confusion and boredom brought quick sleep to my eyes . Amis wants to become this century 's James Joyce what with supposed innovative use of verbs for nouns and adjectives for verbs . He attempts to play with language the way a child plays with the mud that has formed in front of his cottage after a day or two of rain , and then comes back to the clean kitchen . The sad effect is the same . Get real , dear Martin , for God 's sake . I turned blue in the face trying to make head or tails out of this dog .
 I have n't got fifty pages into this book -LRB- honestly I ca n't say that I will finish it -RRB- and I feel like I have wasted so much time already that I wanted to come to Amazon and warn potential readers not to do the same . `` Incoherent '' does n't even begin to describe this choppy , strung-out prose . One of these reviews mentions emmulating William Burroughs - newsflash
 I picked this up during a recent trip to the UK , the week after it was first released there . I was intrigued by the reviews I read , both equally praising and damning of it . Amis 's latest is indeed a page turner ... but that does n't qualify it as a good book . In fact , this is one of the worst , most incoherent books I 've read in a long time ... if not ever . I 'm not usually one to completely slam a book . I can usually find at least one constructive thing to say about it . I ca n't here.Yellow Dog is a real dog of a book . It reads more like an exercise in shock value than a novel . It barely kept me entertained the plane ride back -LRB- word of caution
 There are a lot of short stories going on here and each is linked to the other ... is the premise ... yet finding these connections is difficult or the connection is confusing ... I found reading each interesting yet was quite unfullfilled from the connection . The confusion with why is this relevant continues to occur even with re-reading . I finished the book and still can not tell you what happened in the last chapter ... was it literal or not ? And mostly the very beginning , I am still confused as to why Meo was attacked at all ... we are supposed to believe it is because he used a man 's name in print ? A fictionous name that is the same as a violent man -LSB- with a relatively generic name -RSB- would track him down to strike him down ? It just does n't make sense ... and the blackmail plot ... does n't make sense ... why do it ? Seems unnecessary for the means , etc. etc. . Save your money unless you are already a fan of his ... then you may get it ...
 My first Martin Amis , and I think , given his patriarchal theme , I will stick with his dad Kingsley in future.Amis is bold - no question - dealing with subjects such as incest , gratuitious violence , rage , drug abuse , pornography , impotence , spousal rape . He even invents his own language for the character k8 -LRB- Kate -RRB- which is witty after you figure it out.He enters the world of porn with terms like Blackeye , Cockout , Redface , Boxback , Yellow tongue , Facial - some explained , others left to our imagination . His descriptions are equally visceral ; he describes a planeload of disembarking passengers as '' the tube of canned sex emptied in relays of tits , pits and zits `` Four of the five disparate story strands sort of came together in the end , while the fifth one about the crashing airliner , did n't connect at all , and I wondered why it was there - further proof of male superiority , even from the grave?My issue with this book was that everyone in it -LRB- except for baby Sophia -RRB- is a bad , twisted person and I am not sure if anyone was redeemed in the end - so why bother?And the writer demonstrated arrogance in starting his scenes anywhere he damned well cared , letting the reader hang on for dear life and try and fit all the pieces together . I dislike all this `` work '' when reading to be entertained , educated and enlightened.I guess , in writing this book , Amis displayed his virtuosity with words but severely limited our view on his empathy towards human character.Shane Joseph www.shanejoseph.com
 1 . Yellow Dog is a chore to read - its self-conscious post-modernity , its intentional tangle of narratives and voices , and its glee in confusing the reader make it tiresome from the first sentence .2 . You can call me old-fashioned , but I have a taste for finding humanity in at least one of the characters - in Amis ' novel , there are about a dozen characters to keep track of and not a shred of heart among them .3 . I took this book from the library and suffered through it for weeks , enslaved to my own principles of finishing a book you start . But I was absolutely grateful when the library recalled it at about page 200 . It 's not worth a 50-cent late fee .
 This is a disappointing work when compared to Money and London Fields and even Amis 's shorter works such as Night Train and Other People . The book is all over the place really , but tangled up in the mess are dazzling threads of Amis 's sublime wordsmithery . The behaviour of the characters strains credibility to breaking point and by the time you get near the end , you just want them all to f *** off . But maybe that 's the point ...
 When I read a newspaper review of this book , I thought , `` Wow , this sounds weird and quirky , just how I like books to be . '' And so I waited patiently for it to arrive at the library.Little did I know that I 'd have it for way past the due date because it took FOREVER for me to finish it , and normally I go through books fast.The reasons for this are thus : Though the characters have interesting traits and I wondered what was going to happen to them ... I did n't CARE what was going to happen to them . They did n't have enough personality . No matter how bizarre the circumstances became , I did n't plug along asking myself , `` What is going to happen to ____ ?! `` Other things that annoyed me in this book are the attempts to be confusing , by naming certain characters with pronouns or common words like And , He , and so on . This just distracted me from the story , and when you 're a good writer , you should want people to become immersed in your world , not have them trying to figure out what the hell you mean.So I made myself finish this novel because I kept hoping it would improve . When I got to the end , the first thing I said , out loud , to a room of people was , `` Well , that was a waste of time . `` Not the best first impression , Martin Amis .
 There 's one good joke and this is it
 The book starts well , with a strong female character but when kit meets our hero she becomes irrational , irritating and weak time and time again . All it takes is a kiss and kit is unable to have a discussion about things that matter to her . Really , how sad is that she is so easily manipulated . I enjoy sex scenes but I 'll confess that I skipped a lot of them out of irritation .
 Normally I love Stephanie Laurens ' writing , but this book left me wanting to slap the heroine about once every twenty pages . It started off well - an independent , smart woman , and a smart but arrogant lord . She 'll change him , right?Wrong . For the ENTIRETY of the book , she gets mad at him , plans to tell him how she feels , and somehow ca n't keep a coherent thought whenever he 's around . So they have drawn out sex - and then the scene changes . Why does n't she ask him after they get the physical stuff out of their system ? Argh ! He stays arrogant the whole time , and she accepts `` he 's arrogant but I love him anyway '' instead of `` I finally got him to admit I 'm a valid person too . `` All in all , I 'll probably keep this book around because it 's by Stephanie Laurens and I have the rest of hers , but it 's not going to my `` read this again '' pile . Her Cynster books are much better .
 At the beginning of the book , the main character , Kit , seems to finally be a heroine who has some backbone and is willing to stand up for herself . She dresses up as a boy so she can be the leader of a small group of smugglers and seems to have strong beliefs and morals -LRB- like against smuggling `` human cargo '' -RRB- . But the minute she gets near `` Captain Jack '' she loses all rational thought . There is n't one decent conversation between her and him after he figures out she 's a girl during the entire book because the minute they get near each other , she forgets everything except having sex with him . From the minute he touches her , her eyes glaze over and they end up in bed together -LRB- or on a table or the floor , or the ground ... -RRB- You ca n't go thirty pages in the book without them making love . She never realizes her `` Captain Jack '' is really her neighbor Lord Hendon even though there 's evidence of it right under her nose . Finally , she 's shot , her grandfather finds out what she 's been about and forces them to marry . The first thing her husband does is take away her favorite horse Delia , because she 's `` too fast and the grooms ca n't keep up with her '' and gives Kit a old , slow , gentle mare instead . She tries to protest , but guess what , before she can voice her opinion , he gets near her , she loses all thought , and they end up in bed . After that , she quietly gives into his will , any time she does n't like something he 's done to change her life , he seduces her into shutting up about it . All the while , he 's still been secretly leading their old group of smugglers , and smuggling spies even though he knows Kit would hate it . Although he has a good reason for it , he refuses to tell Kit what it is . Kit runs away to get his attention , but he ca n't even find her because he 's never listened to a word she 's said and has no idea where she would go . When they 're finally reunited , she rushes back to him and asks to be taken home , but he decides to ignore her to `` punish '' her for making him worry about not knowing where she is . I could barely finish this book . The heroine went from being wild and likeable to submissive and bidable with only small sparks of her earlier fire . The hero thought the world revolved around him and even toward the end , still thought his wife should listen to him all the time , and only be wild when he wanted it . Do n't waste your money .
 Oh , dear . So many people recommended this book , saying that they had delayed reading it because of the cheesy title , but it was wonderful . In a word , no.Sure , Laurens is the queen of the panting , highly explicit sex scene , but this book took even that to the point of ridiculousness . Not that that 's too hard to do . My biggest beef with this book is that the strong , independent heroine became a total wimp every time the hero came near her . Their relationship was about sex not love ; I ca n't see them making it as a lifetime couple . Jack always has to have the upper hand and Kit always gives in the moment he touches her.Silly.The first books in the Cynster series are Laurens ' best -- you know , the ones before she starts getting repetitious .
 I could n't finish it . I got to page 80 on my e-reader and could n't get any further . The story just was not engaging for me . Maybe because so much of it was narration , which I do n't mind as a tool to move the story along , but as the main style of story telling it loses me.So , I found myself on page 80 skimming along , not really caring if these two characters ever actually figure each others true identities out , ever fell in love , or got caught smuggling . I did n't care what happened to them.A part of my problem is that I have read and loved historical romances by Kathleen E. Woodwiss , Julie Garwood , and even more recently Lisa Kleypas and Elizabeth Hoyt . I 've seen this style of tale -LRB- i.e. mistaken identities , historical espionage , girl disguised as boy , hero pretending to be someone else , heorine in an out-law role -RRB- done so well by Woodwiss and Garwood that it 's hard to settle for anything else than a fully engaging story with dynamic characters .
 After stumbling onto the Bar Cynster series -LRB- which has his moments but overall I love it -RRB- I was really disappointed with this book . I thought it had a very thin plot and characters and the girl disguised as a boy has been done to death . This one has gone into my recycle pile . I 'm looking forward to the next Cynster book which are on my keeper shelf .
 This book is a disappointment in many ways . It begins rather well , but the characters are not allowed to evolve , and the plot - which could have been excellent - fails miserably mainly because ms. Laurens time and again has her main characters jumping into bed instead of working out their problems . Do n't get me wrong - I enjoy reading those scenes as much as the next person - but in this book they really get in the way . Frankly it feels as if the author tries to put as much erotic action into the story in order to avoid expanding the plot . Jack 's personality also irritated me to the point of dislike . Obviously -LRB- ! -RRB- he enjoys going to bed with Kit . But to do it constantly to avoid talking with and listening to his own wife ? Sorry - `` that do n't impress me much ! '' In addition there is a certain feel of anachronism to the whole thing , which is very dissapointing considering ms. Laurens ' other work .
 I really disliked this book . I felt manipulated by the end . Paper-thin characters acting inappropriate to their time period -- I expected more from this author .
 `` Apache The Definitive Guide '' has lots of good informations . However , this book is poorly explained and organized . Inorder to understand the author motives , you have read each line carefully . If you have never installed apache before , this book wo n't help you get it install . However , if you have some experience in Apache , this book can give you a better insight about Apache Server .
 Our company purchased this book for our in-house library mainly because of the O'Reilly name . Unfortunatly the name does n't hold true in this book . 2 chapters in I find it to be poorly organized with information that is otherwise useful but in this book so out of place as to be confusing . Even for someone who is relatively familliar with Apache . I 'm going to buy the Apache Bible and hope that it is put together with more forethought .
 This could have been a very good book but the author seems to suffer from an inability to identify with an audience that does n't already know the material.The material is all there and if you struggle through it you can find alot of useful insights ... but more times than not the struggle is n't worth it . I ca n't suggest getting it unless you feel compelled to collect books on Apache or are in desperate need of more documentation .
 I bought this book , but it turned out that I did n't really have to use much of it . The source program package from apache comes with a complete , up-to-date installation guide , online docs , pointers to FAQ and other info . If you are trying to set up Apache in the absense of any internet access -LRB- some kind of a boot-strapping process that someone might have to do in some special settings -RRB- , this book might be useful . But that 's usually not the case , and I wonder who would bother ? For quick reference purposes , O'Reilley 's Webmaster in a Nutshell would do a much better job for dollar .
 This book is nothing more than the existing online documentation with a little extra information . I did not find it any more informative than the documentation at the Apache web site . Extremely disapointing . What makes this the `` definitive guide '' ? More examples of how to configure the various parameters and directives would have been more helpful than just repeating information already in the Apache documentation.Discussion of VirtualHosts is very limited .
 I gauge a book based on it 's ability to answer my questions . So when I wanted to learn basic virtual host configuration on a Redhat Linux 6.1 / Apache 1.3.9 system I was encouraged by the apparently in-depth treatment given to the subject . There were numerous examples given . Too bad the one for name based virtual hosts was apparently wrong , at least for my version of unix and apache . As I have only been through the first 70 or so pages of the book , perhaps it is too early to fairly pass judgement , but on the ONE question I primarly bought the book for help on , it failed me .
 I purchased APACHE , THE DEFINITIVE GUIDE with the intent of actually learning how to set up and configure an Apache server for Windows -LRB- Win32 -RRB- . The book -LRB- unfortunately for me -RRB- was written mostly from the UNIX perspective , and for those who already know something about Apache servers . The Windows Apache sections , which paralleled the Unix OS , seemed to take a backseat to nearly every discussion -LRB- configuration , switches/flags , etc -RRB- . It was also too technical and written over my head -- consequently , I eventually bought APACHE SERVER FOR WINDOWS -LRB- of the Coriolis Technology Press 's series , `` Little Black Books '' -RRB- . I 'd recommend this excellent book , written by Greg Holden -LRB- Copywrite 1999 , ISBN1-57610-391-9 -RRB- . This book presented the steps -LRB- with great explanations -RRB- that I needed to easily set up the Apache Server . It has breath enough for more expert users , too ; and its content was equal or greater than the O'Reilly press 's `` Definitive Guide '' . Bottom line
 This book is definitely a poor read . I got It because I thought the second edition would be a better read . These guys need to learn how to write and organize their thoughts better . There are other books that I 'll buy over this one . The trick is to make it simple and have good flow ; even the choice for the website -LRB- butter * -RRB- sucks . This review comes from a guy majoring in computer science .
 As someone else wrote , `` I could have written this book after compiling and installing apache myself '' . There really is nothing to this book that will save you any time . Go to apache.org or usenet via dejanews.I really was expecting a book that would address some real-world issues that are not easy to find . E.g , using mod_perl with apache -LRB- trial and error and reading bad docs worked but a lot of time wasted and I do n't feel I am aware of the full potential -RRB- java servlets -LRB- okay maybe they need to update the book but they are taking the entirely wrong tack anyhow . Show exactly how it is done from line one -RRB- How can I insert headers and footers on all my pages via apache rather than server-side includes in all the html docs . This is possible but I gave up finding out how.Using the clickthrough cookie monster . Very interesting but where is that explored ? Not at all . Just mentioned . I learned how to implement this in other places.I have learned nothing from this book but to be more careful in selecting books .
 Other reviewers are right , this book does n't deserve the O'Reilly reputation . This book organizes information loosely , and if you are clueless about Apache , reading this book would n't really benefit . Though , if you treat this book as a story book , maybe you can still read it , but do n't expect much.If you want to spend your time better on the Apache subject , try the `` Professional Apache '' by Peter Wainwright by Wrox , which is a really `` definitive '' guide . -LRB- With that book I finished my domain name and virtual hosting within a few hours , marvelous by my standard . -RRB-
 I could have written this book by struggling through with installing and understanding Apache myself . In fact , by installing Apache and looking through the documentation , I knew most of what was in the book already . There was no unique information here , or unique solutions to real-world problems . I think this book may save you time in an emergency or in general , but beyond that it 's a bit dissappointing . I think the publisher said , `` O ` K ' , let 's get two guys , have them install Apache , and write a book about it . '' That 's just my opinion , though .
 The authors jump in with an example configuration , but never explain how each element of the configuration relates to the rest . For example - do alias statements take precedence over < directory > blocks ? Does it matter what order an alias or scriptalias directive appears in your file ? We are never told . In addition , there is a lack of continuity between one experiment in configuration and the next . As other reviewers have pointed out , it 's unclear who the intended audience is . I 'm sure at some point I 'll get some value from the API documentation , but as a newbie to Apache , I 've learned considerably more through trial and error on my own than by reading this book .
 This book is targeted at the wrong people . It 's written at a level of detail that falls somewhere between what you 'd need if you already know how to work with Apache and that you 'd need if you 've never worked with it before . Unfortunately , it does n't seem to provide the information that 's really most-needed for either end of the spectrum . There 's little more than hand-waving over how and where to set up webs on a server or how to deal with configuration differences in Unix flavors . And the organization appears to be a weird hybrid between the `` read all and understand '' and the `` do as you read '' models for software books . My advice
 I 've bought ` running Linux ' from O'reilly before and its indeed a good book for linux novice and I bought ` Apache - The definitive guide'in turn . However , I was so disappointed about this book as some materials covered there were outdated ! I kindly suggest you -LRB- especailly the novice for apache -RRB- to take serious consideration before attempting to buy this book ! I 've bought ` Professional Apache ' , it 's a totally differnt story compared to this book !
 I have to agree with many of the reviews . This book is not up to par with other O'Reilly editions . It is a good reference , though not worth the price considering the on-line docs are free . Also , there is something about the tone of the book and the writing style that seemed inappropriate for a technical book . Attempting to be funny in a private sort of way , poking fun at sales types and company motives . It gets old pretty quick.The book repeatedly stresses that Win32 is not a serious platform for securing web sites . This is true , but many of us have no choice . The authors refuse to cover Win32 security , and make repeated claims that Win32 is poorly documented and understood . Well ... is n't that what books are for?Don ' t bother with the book if you 're on Win32 .
 Usually purchasing an O'Reilly book on any topic is a virtual guarantee of excellence . This book is a notable exception . There are many other Apache books available , I can only encourage you to take a look at them . I have worked with Apache for several years , and this book fails me every time I turn to it for help . The on line documentation is excellent and is by far the better choice . This book skips over the essentials and the basics and wanders off to discuss odd topics that have never been of concern to me . Pretty much a waste of money and shelf space . Sometimes I do say good things , go read my review of Advanced Perl Programming by Sriram Srinivasan if you do n't believe this .
 If you 've used Apache without even reading about any detailed configurations , you 'd still not see anything new in this book . I can see this book being a little useful for beginners , but even then , it 's not really getting into very detailed information about the configurations and whatnot for module installs/additions . I can see someone new still getting frustrated with this book if they run into a problem.I picked it up , well , because I buy every O'Reilly book that comes out -LRB- seriously -RRB- and thought I might be able to find something interesting , useful or that I was n't aware of or forgot ... maybe even a little tip about efficiency , compiling options or just anything of interest.This is no more useful than the README and INSTALL files that come with Apache 's source code . I 'm not sure I want to even give this two stars come to think of it . I just do n't see the point to this book . A let down coming from O'Reilly .
 I did not like this book . I think you can do much better with another Apache book . The authors basically wrote a diary of setting up a webserver from start to finish . They seem board out of their mind and try to be funny ever once and a while . They copy the man pages word for word occasionally.I need something serious and authoritive where the authors are passionate about the subject like the authors in `` Unix Power Tools '' or `` Unix System Administration Handbook `` Come on O'Reilly , give us a better book on Apache and show us how to install PHP .
 This book , unlike virtually every other O'Reilly book I own , almost completely fails in its effort to educate the reader . Each chapter starts out with a page or two of well-written text , then , just when you become interested you 're faced with page after page of configuration settings , with very little explanation of what each setting does or , more importantly , why you would ever care what it does . Worse , the authors tend to use a lot of words where a few would have been better . For example , instead of just saying that Apache would report an error they say `` you have a problem that 's signaled by disagreeable messages at the client end , plus equivalent stories in the log files on the server ... `` Huh?As I said in the title , you 'd be better off printing the Apache help , because at least it 's free .
 This can be an aggravating book . On the plus side , Kohler includes pictures of a great many extant garments , which are invaluable as a resource -LRB- the book 's value as a source rises considerably after 1500 for this reason -RRB- . On the other hand , there are many `` patterns '' -- especially in the medieval period -- which , unless you read carefully , can be interpreted as being taken from extant garments , and the introduction claims almost outright that these diagrams are `` correct . '' They are not , being instead Kohler 's own hypotheses . Many of them do not work as patterns . I have known many a beginner who took these diagrams as gospel and have ended up with nothing resembling an actual medieval garment . Use the illustrations -LRB- but not the `` patterns '' -RRB- and the book can have some degree of usefulness .
 While I applaud the authors ' attempt to produce a comprehensive , single-volume guide to the faith for teens , this book is problematic . Far too often the authors make false distinctions between a supposed `` old '' Church that existed before Vatican II and a `` new and improved '' Church that exists now . For instance , they describe worshippers before the council as `` not participants as much as watchers , separated by distance , architecture , and language . '' Nowhere in the documents of Vatican II or in authoritative pronouncements from the Magisterium will you find such a sweeping , negative assessment.The authors also claim that Vatican II removed Latin from the liturgy , when in reality the Council fathers instructed that '' -LSB- t -RSB- he use of the Latin language is to be preserved ... '' -LRB- albeit with an allowance that some of the vernacular may be incorporated . -RRB- Likewise , Vatican II had nothing to do with communion in the hand , an innovation introduced in the United States and other Western countries years later ; the authors list it as an achievement of the Council . A frequent theme of this book on liturgical matters is disruption instead of continuity.In the chapter on the Bible , the authors operate from the presumption readers believe the Gospels were written soon after Jesus ' death and Resurrection . To the extent teens have thought about this question at all , it 's more likely that they believe the more pervasive false notion that the Gospels were written hundreds of years later . -LRB- See Dan Brown 's `` Da Vinci Code . '' -RRB- Perhaps one day someone will take the recently-releasedUnited States Catholic Catechism for Adultsand adapt it for teens . In the meantime , this book is a flawed substitute . Excellent resources currently available areFather McBride 's Teen Catechism , the multi-volumeDidache seriesproduced by the Midwest Theological Forum , and theProve It!series written by Amy Welborn .
 The good
 Very poor explanation of Accessing Databases with FrontPage . The examples were vague and did n't work . Jim Buyens may know his subject but he sure does n't know how to present it in understandable terms . He and Laurie Lemay should be banned from publishing technical documentation .
 This book is fluff . There is just as much if not more pertinent information in the manual shipped with FrontPage 98 as there is in this book . If your into page after page of non FrontPage information then this book is for you .
 I did n't like this book very much . It tries to cover a lot of items , but it does n't cover them well . For example a lot of commands are just mentioned , but not really explained . And a lot of important things are missing . And what I really did n't like are the jumps in the level of the explanations . Some things are explained over and over again and others a little bit more complicated are mentioned as if they had been explained earlier . I would n't recommend this book , because for a beginner there are a lot of things not clearly explained and for an expert it is not really useful , because it 's not very compact .
 After reading the book cover to cover while preparing for the exam , I found that there were far too many errors . Some mistakes include answers to the chapter end tests not coinciding with the questions asked , index items not pointing you to the right pages -LRB- look up the print daemon , commands in the index -RRB- . The mistakes left me with the feeling that this book was rushed out with out being proof read , leaving me with little confidence that the material I was reading was a good reflection of what would be on the exam . The CD provides 2 exams of 75 questions each that do not change each time you take them . Overall I felt the book did a good job with the topics that it covered , but would recommend you look elswhere for a book to help prepare you for the exam .
 As one guy said the book is all tell no show . Allot of inaccuracies abound throughout and I 'm a kernel hacker . Get Sobel 's book . Also there is allot of things who would use , like ELM ? Get real and pass this loser by .
 I am preparing for the LPIC exam and have not found this book that helpful . I would strongly recommend purchasing any of the other LPIC study aids as well as a linux system administration book as a reference guide . I have found that combination particularly beneficial in my preparation . This book has potential but definitely needs to be rewritten .
 This book sucks ! It appears to be the authors first attempt at writing and she obviously has trouble in deciding the flow of information . The author is a RHCE -LRB- Red Hat Certified Engineer -RRB- and it show 's in this book . The LPI exam is suppose to be general and not distribution specific , this is something the author obviously doesnt know or just really didnt care . This book was obviously not edited for accuracy either . Wan na fail the LPI exam , then purchase this book . If you wan na pass the LPI , then get something else !
 This book is not for begginners , and is not thought out . The book covers shell scripting before it has even told the reader how to create an executable file .
 This book is for every body , I mean for nobody . Some stuff is so simple even for a beginner as me . Some , on the other hand , are so specialized that I skipped all together . Unless you are already very versed in Unix , you wo n't get too much out of it . -LRB- Why do you need it if you are already versed anyway ? -RRB-
 Being a native of this area , I have ridden the cable cars many , many times.There is absolutly nothing outrageous about this book . It is not interesting nor funny . Most all stories most people would not bat an eye at . Overall = Boring . Recomendation = Do n't waste your time . Honestly !!
 This turned out to be one of those Print on Demand titles -- and what a typographical , unreadable mess it is . Just a warning to anyone who may consider purchasing it .
 I 'm taking my first Cisco class this summer -LRB- fundamentals of networking -RRB- . Last week , I read this book to try to understand what my Cisco option might be . This gives an overview of the Cisco track exams , which have changed since 1999 . It left me more confused after reading the book . This book does do a wonderful job covering advice on studying , job hunting , and testing . The book should be updated .
 I was extremely disappointed when I bought this book and therefore would not suggest it to anyone . I had previously studied some Classical Arabic and I desired to brush up on my knowledge especially in regards to speaking . Unfortunately , this book only uses a transliteration system . Therefore , it becomes difficult -LRB- or at the very least a big headache -RRB- to match the words and phrases taught with standard written Classical Arabic . Admittedly , the point of the course is to teach spoken Arabic and not written Arabic , but I think it would be useful for the student to see the written Arabic alongside the transliterated text . However , I do not believe that this work would be useful for an absolute beginner either . Since the book uses its own transliteration system and not an international linguistic system , the student will not be able to progress beyond this course should he or she ever finish it . Finally , I found the vocabulary and the phrases to be very random . There were very few recorded conversations , which I thought was strange considering it is trying to teach conversational Arabic . Furthermore , I found the tapes rather hard to follow and not well done . Usually , the books and tapes of the Hugo Language series are very well done , however , this one seems to be a very bad exception . I would recommend instead the `` Teach yourself Arabic '' book and tapes by Jack Smart and Frances Altorfer . While not perfect , it is a much better system .
 This book throws random words and phrases at you without building up any sort of consistent vocabulary or grammer . You 'd be better of buying a tourist 's phrase book . At least it would have categories .
 My business card says `` software engineer '' but I code very little . This book is the text for an introductory computer science course I am taking . While I admire the authors ' attempt at putting Objects First in the curriculum , they have only succeeded in confusing and alienating a number of my classmates with little programming experience . The most glaring weaknesses are the the relatively few , undistinguished examples , and the lack of rigor in teaching Java syntax and semantics . The authors ' freely admit that they do not attempt to teach Java itself , but this ultimately leaves students stranded as they peruse the hundreds of Java titles at the local bookstore , looking for a decent language reference . Lastly , they mix a lot of software engineering practice in with the actual computer science . While topics such as programming by contract and software quality are important , I am not convinced that this material is suited for students at the beginning level .
 I 'm unfortunate enough to use this book for my object-oriented software design class . The text is very complicated and very difficult to understand . Plus , there is not a whole lot of examples provided in the book . The problems on the back of each chapter make you more confused rather than increase your understanding . Do yourself a favor and stay away from this book .
 This book is OK , but gives the impression that you will learn how to design a SQL Server 2000 database , not as an academic computer science exercise , but for what I need it for - work!There 's only 4 chapters on the design , not nearly enough information on normalization , and the remainder of the book - using SQL Server 2000 - was covered far more comprehensively in Rob Veera 's book from Wrox Press.In short , OK for a complete beginner but not nearly enough meat for those who need to know this information on a daily basis .
 Headaches . . Headaches . . Headaches . . I personally go through a lot of technical books . This one is a nightmare . If you like to read books that are just get to the point , then this book is not for you . The writing style so horrible that I have to take a break on almost every 3-4 pages . This book claimed that it is for all level . However , I honestly do n't think this book is for a beginner person . If you are looking for an entry-level book on the SQL 2000 , I would recommend `` SQL Server 2000 Programming '' from Wrox .
 Jonathan Cecil is n't the best reader of this material . His Bertie is all right , but his Jeeves is all wrong . Cecil gives Jeeves an almost flamboyantly snooty accent that overplays the comedy and spoils the gentle irony of Jeeves ' remarks . Also , the other male characters -LRB- besides Jeeves -RRB- sound too much like Bertie . Cecil also gives every line the same emphasis , as if he were putting an exclamation point at the end of every sentence , which becomes monotonous.My advice
 I have several Jeeves CDs and many , many , many Rumpole CDs . I put both in the same genre because they 're written lightly but with a brilliant sense of humor . Unfortunately with `` The Mating Season , '' either Wodehouse forgot to include punctuation or the narrator , Jonathan Cecil , was in a hurry to get to dinner . He 's better suited as a disclaimor reader at the end of automobile commercials.Try `` Carry on Jeeves '' - or `` My Man Jeeves '' both narrated by Martin Jarvis , or ANY Rumpole narrated by Leo McKern.Nix on this one .
 Those who want to avoid reading emotionally disturbing books filled with rape , incest and child molestation would do well to avoid this . Truly the worst book I 've ever read and I hope it never crosses my path again .
 I was very disappointed with this book . As a heavy-duty ASP programmer , the subject seemed very interesting and relevant , but the book was quite a let down.There was nothing terribly deep here . I was hoping that we might learn about how ASP works as a very high bandwidth service , but all we learn is very straightforward info that is more or less obvious to anyone with COM and IIS experience . True , there was some discussion of Microsoft 's continued use of undocumented interfaces -LRB- ! -RRB- that is probably not findable anywhere else , but these tended to be minutiae of how ASP works.Since the theme of the book is the ASP clone that Flanders wrote , you 'd think the source code would be available somehow . There are lots of excerpts in the text , but it would be nice to be able to see the whole thing somewhere - and perhaps even try to run it . But if this code is available somewhere , I could n't find it.The book is advertised as 212 pages , but in fact the text is a grand total of 123 whole pages - the font is large , and big margins ... The level of discourse was also very uneven . The first chapter was a first-level cut at how HTTP works , which I would hope would be blindingly obvious to the target audience for this book.So kudos are in order for taking on a new and important topic - at least it was n't yet another copy of publicly available documentation . But I wanted more .
 This book is not worth the paper it 's printed on . It does not describe the INTERNAL of ASP . This book does not bring any value to any ASP programmer , novice or experienced.I have had high hope on this book since it came from DevelopMentor , which I have attended many of its classes and been very happy with its instructors . A very big disppointment on this book .
 After reading this book , I was very disappointed . The author seemed hurried and the book felt incomplete . While I think the aspirations of this book were high , I have to question the usefulness of the content of this book .
 I 've been working with ASP for some time , and like many of the other reviewers here was very excited to know the internals of ASP , and squeeze more out of it . Unfortunately , Flanders does n't deliver . It is a large bloated , schizophrenic work that fades in and out of detail . It goes in depth on simple concepts and glosses over the complex , interesting ones . Besides a few undocumented interface calls , I got the impression that Flanders knew just as much as anyone did about the internals of ASP , and without seeing this `` mystical '' source code he refers to often , have to take his word that he really did do something and did not just smoke and mirror his way around the rest . A reader remarked that this book is at least better than MSDN documentation . While this may be true , it is hardly a redeeming quality for a book with the ambitious and lofty title of `` ASP Internals '' and from a developmentor .
 I 've been working with ASP for some time , and like many of the other reviewers here was very excited to know the internals of ASP , and squeeze more out of it . Unfortunately , Flanders does n't deliver . It is a large bloated , schizophrenic work that fades in and out of detail . It goes in depth on simple concepts and glosses over the complex , interesting ones . Besides a few undocumented interface calls , I got the impression that Flanders knew just as much as anyone did about the internals of ASP , and without seeing this `` mystical '' source code he refers to often , have to take his word that he really did do something and did not just smoke and mirror his way around the rest . A reader remarked that this book is at least better than MSDN documentation . While this may be true , it is hardly a redeeming quality for a book with the ambitious and lofty title of `` ASP Internals '' and from a developmentor .
 To Sleep with Evil by Andria Cardarelle is the fourth book in the recently re-released Ravenloft line . This book was first published in September , 1996 and now has a new cover design as Wizards of the Coast seeks to get the Ravenloft line back where it was . The Ravenloft setting has been described as a gothic horror setting that is much darker than either the Forgotten Realms or the Dragonlance setting . I believe , when this book was written , it was the first published book my Ms. Cardalle which is the pen name of author Andria Hayday.The plot of this book is rather simplistic and linear . It 's about a young woman who is betrothed to a man . He desperately wants an heir to his name and holdings . However , as the story progresses more and more is revealed about who he is and who he surrounds himself with . As the young woman discovers these things she seeks a way to keep herself safe . I would like to go more in-depth about this plot , but quite honestly , that 's really all there is to the plot . At best the plot is mildly interesting ; at its worst it is a slow ponderous foray into a cure for insomnia . It 's just not that interesting of a book . It almost seems to me that the author had enough material for a short story and stretched it to fill 308 pages to make a novel.The characters in this book are mildly interesting at times . However , those times are few and far between . The character Zosia , is the clich&eacute; character that supplies information and is all knowing . The character , Lord Donskoy , is the evil leader of a band of ruthless killers . The character Marguerrite , is the clich&eacute;d maiden that does her best to survive in challenging circumstances and somehow develops extraordinary skills to discover things and survive where countless others have not . The most interesting character is Ramus , yet he only appears in about 30-40 pages of this book , leaving the rest of the book to flounder through until the next point he surfaces . Simply put the characters in this book are bland and uninteresting . Attentive readers can guess major , and minor , plot points within the first 20 pages and know how the book will end.After finishing this book , I am still trying to figure out the reason behind Wizards of the Coast re-releasing this book when it so obviously falls short of the mystique of the Ravenloft world . This entire novel seems amateurish in scope and what it accomplishes . Ms. Cardarelle obviously has some talent , her descriptions of scenes were well done , yet in the end the story and characters were just not enough to warrant a full length novel or a place in the halls of Ravenloft . Fans of the Ravenloft world , and for that matter fantasy in general may be best served by skipping this book all together .
 This book takes way too long to grab a reader into it . The characters are kind of interesting , but sometimes it seemed the author was having problems trying to figure out what the character was doing , which could of been better , without trying to give away too much . The ending was fairly well written , although predictable , but again it just takes too much time to get here . This is one book in the series that I would not take the time to go back and re-read it .
 To Sleep with Evil by Andria Cardarelle is the fourth book in the recently re-released Ravenloft line . This book was first published in September , 1996 and now has a new cover design as Wizards of the Coast seeks to get the Ravenloft line back where it was . The Ravenloft setting has been described as a gothic horror setting that is much darker than either the Forgotten Realms or the Dragonlance setting . I believe , when this book was written , it was the first published book my Ms. Cardalle which is the pen name of author Andria Hayday.The plot of this book is rather simplistic and linear . It 's about a young woman who is betrothed to a man . He desperately wants an heir to his name and holdings . However , as the story progresses more and more is revealed about who he is and who he surrounds himself with . As the young woman discovers these things she seeks a way to keep herself safe . I would like to go more in-depth about this plot , but quite honestly , that 's really all there is to the plot . At best the plot is mildly interesting ; at its worst it is a slow ponderous foray into a cure for insomnia . It 's just not that interesting of a book . It almost seems to me that the author had enough material for a short story and stretched it to fill 308 pages to make a novel.The characters in this book are mildly interesting at times . However , those times are few and far between . The character Zosia , is the clich&eacute; character that supplies information and is all knowing . The character , Lord Donskoy , is the evil leader of a band of ruthless killers . The character Marguerrite , is the clich&eacute;d maiden that does her best to survive in challenging circumstances and somehow develops extraordinary skills to discover things and survive where countless others have not . The most interesting character is Ramus , yet he only appears in about 30-40 pages of this book , leaving the rest of the book to flounder through until the next point he surfaces . Simply put the characters in this book are bland and uninteresting . Attentive readers can guess major , and minor , plot points within the first 20 pages and know how the book will end.After finishing this book , I am still trying to figure out the reason behind Wizards of the Coast re-releasing this book when it so obviously falls short of the mystique of the Ravenloft world . This entire novel seems amateurish in scope and what it accomplishes . Ms. Cardarelle obviously has some talent , her descriptions of scenes were well done , yet in the end the story and characters were just not enough to warrant a full length novel or a place in the halls of Ravenloft . Fans of the Ravenloft world , and for that matter fantasy in general may be best served by skipping this book all together .
 Sorry , but I can not agree to the other review posted here . I found this novel rather boring and lacking the constant atmosphere of dread that each good horror story should have . I think it is the worst book of the series I read so far , but it does have a nice cover though . But should one judge a book by it 's cover ? And another thing , all the other Ravenloft-novels were blue in color , why is this one ... ahm ... reddish brown ?
 Marguerite is a young woman escaping the land of her birth , Darkon , after being attacked by a vicious vampire who has become obsessed with her and murdered the man she loved . Her parents , in an effort to save her from her stalker-vampire , broker a deal to betroth her to a total stranger ; a somewhat wealthy lord in a far away land . The Vistani , a.k.a. gypsies , drug her and take her through the mysterious mists to the land that will be her new home . The gypsies drop her off on an abandoned looking road in the middle of a dark forest since they refuse to take her any further . With the foreboding cryptic comments of the gypsies hanging in her ears , she is picked up by two servants of her betrothed , Lord Donskoy . The crusty and creepy servants take her to the decrepit decaying castle that is her new home . She meets her betrothed who , while twice her age , appears to be nice if somewhat moody . Once settled into her new home , Marguerite befriends Zosia the cook who is an old Vistani witch and Yelena the mute girl who is her personal servant . She also befriends a strange gypsy man , Ramus , who lives in the surrounding forest and helps her home one day when she is lost.The day after she arrives Lord Donskoy declares the marriage will take place the day after tomorrow . Meanwhile , Marguerite discovers the presence of her betrothed 's mistress , Jacqueline Montarri , on the eve of her wedding in the castle , and also at the wedding and reception . She assumes that her new husband will set aside his mistress once the marriage takes place . But he does not . After the ceremony and the consummation of their marriage , Donskoy insists on strange bizarre rituals to discover if Marguerite is pregnant or not . He is determined to have a son , no matter what the cost . When the tests continually reveal she is not pregnant , Donskoy grows furious and strikes her . He vows that if she does not conceive soon , he will put her aside and sell her off to other lords he knows in favor of a more fertile wife ; hinting that he might even kill her to be rid of her . Fearing for her marriage and her life , Marguerite is jealous of the attraction she senses between her husband and Jacqueline.Consumed by unease and jealousy , Marguerite comes to depend on her friendship with Zosia . After several disturbing events , such as the apparition of her husbands deceased first wife , and signs of a gypsy curse , Marguerite begins to suspect something is very wrong with Donskoy and his strange household . One night she follows Donskoy , his mistress , and his deformed ` acquaintances ' , into the dark forest . She witnesses them slaughter inoccent stranded travelers , reveling in the bloodshed . Horrified , she unintentionally reveals her presence and her husbands hounds hunt her down . Now on the run , she knows she ca n't go home , believing Donskoy will kill her for what she has seen . She decides to leave , but finds she can not . When she enters the mists and comes out the other side she finds herself even closer to the very castle she is trying to flee from . It is then she finally believes what others have implied , that the mists are magical and prevent anyone except the Vistani -LRB- and those of powerful magic -RRB- from leaving . In order to leave she must have a gypsy guide so she seeks out Ramus , who instead of helping her escape as she thought , bespells her so that she agrees to lay with him and conceives a son . He tells her that her husband is cursed , and as such can not ever sire a child , in order to help her and spare her life of her husbands rage , he begets a child on her that will be passed off as her husbands . He tells her she must return to Donskoy , who wo n't kill her now that she bears his child . Then Ramus disappears leaving her no choice but to return when Donskoy 's servants find her.She soon falls seriously ill . Her pregnancy is far from normal and her belly swells more rapidly than it should . Only five months along she births the child , who has monstrous claws and black scarred hands . Then , this is where the book is a bit confusing , the baby turns into a shadow monster that takes on the form of a serpent and kills Donskoy . With the evil Lord Donskoy dead Zosia sends a now insane Marguerite off with a caravan of gypsies to return her to her home land of Darkon , where all her memories of her former life are erased and replaced with an entirely new identity.And thats where the story ends , just as it was getting interesting . We 're never told what happens to the baby/monster/shadow serpent that Marguerite bore . We do n't know what happens to Ramus , the child 's true father , or if the curse he is under is broken too . We do n't know what happens to Zosia , Yelena , or the others left behind at the castle . The evil Jacqueline Montarri , presumably , is left now completely in charge and free to wreak evil wherever she wants without Donskoy to restrain her.I do n't mind a book with an unhappy ending , in fact I find it quite refreshing . But the one thing I ca n't stand , especially in this book ; are all the loose ends and the complete lack of any form of closure or resolution . The story just seems so unfinished , perhaps because the author intends a sequel ? But whatever the cause , once I finished reading this book I was left with a distinct feeling of disappointment , dissatisfaction , and frustration . I wanted to know what happened to all the other characters ! Especially , Ramus who seems to be a damned and lost soul looking for redemption . Overall , the story just seemed so pointless to me . At the end of the novel Marguerite is in a worse position than when she first started . She is returned to the same land she fled in fear of her life -LRB- I presume with the same stalker-vampire waiting to pounce on her since the author never clarifies this -RRB- , and the only reason she 's not insane is because her memories were erased and replaced with happier ones . She ends up a far cry from the young , inoccent , and beautiful girl she first starts as ; and not in a positive way . All the other characters , with the exception of Donskoy , are pretty much the same as when the novel began -LRB- at least I assume so since the ending never says otherwise -RRB- . The characters , with the exception of Marguerite , fail to undergo any development , and Marguerite 's changes were all for the worse . The author 's writing and descriptions are excellent but the total lack of closure at the end makes the whole novel meaningless in my opinion . Afterwards I was left wondering what point was the author trying to convey , but -LRB- at least in my case -RRB- failed to do so ? Why did she feel compelled to write this seemingly random and pointless story that has no real ending ? And most importantly , why did I waste my time reading this ? Therefore , my overall recommendation is to avoid this book . Maybe a sequel would make this book more bearable , tying up all the loose ends , but I doubt it .
 REVIEWER 'S OPINION : I think it might be better to READ this book rather than LISTEN to it as an audiobook . It was hard to understand all the military planning and battle action . I needed to see diagrams and pictures . It was also hard to follow the various officers ' names by listening as opposed to reading . I understand the author did a lot of research in order to be accurate about the `` Battle of Waterloo . '' The narrator spoke too fast for me which did not help.I may be off on my percentages but it feels like half the book is about a relationship between an army officer and a widow . The other half is about military planning and fighting the Battle of Waterloo . This is NOT for someone wanting interesting and fully developed romantic relationships . I never understood what they saw in each other . It was just instant attraction at first sight.Two characters in this story -LRB- Barbara and George -RRB- are the grandchildren of characters in Devil 's Cub . You do NOT need to read that book in advance . This is definitely a stand-alone book.There is a mystery about Lucy and her love interest -LRB- a minor third story -RRB- . I ca n't remember how that was resolved or even if it was . It needed more explanation - or it could be my own bad memory.STORY BRIEF : Colonel Audley sees Barbara at a ball and falls in love at first sight . Barbara is a notorious widow who is unlikeable , mean , vain , and spoiled . She is beautiful and loves to flirt . She falls for the Colonel as well , but her bad behavior causes problems . Lucy is sad and we do n't know why until much later in the book . The Battle of Waterloo is the second story . Colonel Audley is part of the action.DATA : Unabridged audiobook length
 When L. Frank Baum set out to write and produce a second Oz musical for the stage , he discovered he had signed away the theatrical rights to his early Oz stories and characters . Apparently unwilling to create new material , Baum drafted a play that he called Tik - Tok Of Oz , which was simply a retelling of his third Oz novel , 1907 's Ozma Of Oz , with some character names changed and minor plot elements rearranged . Since he owed publishers Reilly & Britton a new Oz book , Baum then rewrote his new play into a novel , and 1914 's redundant Tik - Tok Of Oz was born.With such a circuitous pedigree , it 's no wonder that Tik - Tok Of Oz is a generally unimpressive entry into the Oz chronicle . Baum was occasionally careless with his prestigious fairyland , and nothing suggests that here more than the fact that wind - up mechanical man Tik - Tok , though his name lights up the book 's title , is only a secondary character in the narrative and often appears to be absent from much of the story , even when present in theory . In fact , the Tin Woodman or Jack Pumpkinhead could have replaced the clockwork man without altering the essential plot in the least . But the uncomplicated Tik - Tok was particularly useful in a lazily composed narrative , since , as a preprogrammed machine of limited potential in need of continuous winding , Baum could silence him at any time by simply having him run down , no dramatic action or mental fatigue required . Despite several warm and imaginatively written chapters , such as ` The Lovely Lady Of Light , ' the book plods on without building in strength or imagination until its final section , when it suddenly awakens to life.Dorothy Gale doppelganger Betsy Bobbin , accompanied by sidekick Hank the Mule , reaches the shores of fairyland when a ship on which she is inexplicably a passenger explodes at sea . Baum 's ho - hum attitude towards his material is immediately evident when introducing Betsy , who does indeed do some `` bobbing '' up and down on the waves and billows
 This book had the potential to be a great instructive book . Its main problem is that it stopped short of attaining this goal . Coming as it does on the verge of the third decade of America 's realization that the American Production System is not the ultimate manufacturing system it highlighted manufacturing problems , but not their solutions . The idea behind the book was excellent . Building a neighborhood project within a close neighborhood highlighted problems with the common American Mfg. system . It allowed one to easily attain the concept and the Japanese catch-word that defines the solution . If you want a book that will help you relate catch-words this is it . If you are interested in a solution , search elsewhere . It needs a little further development on the reverse side of the coin . Such as the following week the group should have had a project at Ralph 's or Sato 's garage and with the same style demonstrate how the project should have been handled . I did not like this book because it is only one side of the story . It offers nothing on the problem solving or `` How to '' side of manufacturing .
 Readers who have some experience working in a large manufacturing plant might be able to identify with how Joe runs his garage project , but those with no experience in manufacturing may be left with little appreciation for the story . The depiction of American manufacturing in the pamphlet is getting old . American managers have grown tired of hearing how a Japanese approach is superior and of needing to use terms such as kaizen and poka-yoke when talking about lean thinking . If the Japanese approach is so superior , why are many manfacturing companies have trouble competing in today 's global market ? This approach can get in the way of adoption of lean thinking . Many of the terms in the glossary are not used in the book.On the positive side the book does provide a number of bad practices , management and production .
 Boring knock-off of the goal . The stories analogy was a little to transparent , but the portrayal of Joe was amusing because I am sure everybody knows someone like him . I did not like how predictable the story was , but the book did not take any more than one hour of my time .
 I found this book to be a waste of time . To me , it was nothing but a critique on late 20th century manufacturing processes . It was mostly a book on common sense approaches to lean manufacturing . I ca n't imagine that anybody uses the cumbersome processes and cultures that were `` improved '' during the course of this short story . Do n't waste your money .
 This book is simplistic in its approach , but it illustrates very well our society 's tendency to overcomplicate processes to the point the original objective becomes almost unattainable .
 OK , this book was mandatory reading for our department . It was supposed to enlighten us into the world of lean manufacturing . Instead , it simply painted a distorted picture of one manufacturing philosophy and how it was better than another . The stage was set early when the character `` Joe '' was made out to be a difficult boss , someone not sophisticated and rough . This slanted the reading from comparing processes to comparing personalities . In addition , assumptions were made that employees in Ralph 's company had the ability to improve their manufacturing processes on the fly -LRB- page 18 -RRB- . Supposedly this was a good thing , but it never referenced how to go about doing this and fitting into an ISO environment or how much paperwork that would have involved.In any event this book should not be taken very seriously . It is a story with little substance that raises two significant points . The first is if George Washington screamed when Joe squeezed a nickel ... what happened to Thomas Jefferson must have been really bad . -LRB- Page 14 -RRB- And if Joe actually got 20 people to show up to his house on a Saturday to help him build shelves in his garage ... should n't he really be in sales ?
 Another book fawning all over Toyota and the Japanese as being the absolute masters of production . No one but them can possibly produce anything properly . Oh , wait , did this book mention that it was AMERICANS who showed the Japanese modern production methods immediately after WWII ? By golly , they left out that little detail . . you probably do n't hear that too much , but look it up if you do n't believe me . For all of the 1950 's and most of the 1960 's , `` Made in Japan '' was not a good thing to see on a product . Only in the past 30 years have they gotten good . I wo n't deny that American companies have gotten sloppy , and they need a cold hard slap to wake them up . But , I think that some of these books go a little overboard heaping praise on Japanese methods .
 This book is a situational review of a back yard application of manufacturting . If you know NOTHING about manufacturing , this book is a great intro . If you are looking for a more detailed introduction to Scheduling , Work Centers , Routing , Materials Management , Bills of Material , Inventory , and Demand Planning , this book is a complete waste of your time .
 If you want to have a book to read just before going to bed , then get this book . Although it is amusing to read , you get no real benefit out of it . My recommondation is you could do better .
 Author would on one page lecture the `` CIO '' reader on how to give all IT decisions to their system administrators . The next page would recommend a book on how to jump into the Linux kernel.I wanted a `` State of the union '' book on Linux , it 's application in business , the applications that were available , and other general information.The text was too casual and virtuous , making it very difficult to read . Instead the book focused on the virtues of the Linux development community and jokes about free pizza . These may be great , but not what the title and intro said the book would be about.In my opinion , this book is not for CIO 's , IT consultants , or technical readers.The book did have interesting , although completely technical , examples of large companies that did use Linux . It also had approx 100 pages of consultants listed in the back if you are looking for that sort of thing.My advice , keep looking , Mike
 This is pretty low-grade stuff . While I applaud the credentials and spirit of the writer , I was saddened by the tone of the book . It read like a summary of how Linux will instill peace , love , and happiness the world over.A little less worship of Linux , a little more Strategy would 've helped immensely . 100 + pages of resources and consultants ? An entire chapter on `` Care and feeding of a sysadmin '' ... good lord.As an IS manager , if you took this book to me to prove Linux a viable solution , I 'd laugh you out the door . This book feels like it was written to jump on the Linux bandwagon . More thought was necessary in the development .
 The value of the information presented in the book is just not worth the price . The title `` Building Strategic Applications for Business '' is somewhat misleading . Read again the comments of the reviewers who gave this book one star and BELIEVE THEM .
 This book was uninspired at best . The authors attempt to draw the reader in was weak due to the underdeveloped characters . Being a service member with experience in dealing with international tension at the lowest level , I can say sicerely that this story was plausable but again underdeveloped.My greatest hope in writing this review is that I will steer the average reader who is not in the military away from this writer in order to prevent any misconceptions about the U.S. Army . I also would like to prevent other readers from the sense of bewilderment at the conclusion of the story.SFC Whalen
 Now I 'm going to make sure I was n't billed for it since I never received it .
 This book 's strong point is that it covers a very large amount of information on java programming . This , however , is also it 's weak point . It does n't cover anything in any useful amount . I think if it covered half the subject matter , and went into depth on the subjects it did cover , this book would be a must have . I 'd skip it unless you just wanted to see what java was capable of . It provides a good survey of java topics . I 'd buy books on the subject you were interested in , and skip this one . I returned mine .
 If you 've never programmed in Java before , skip this one . The books says you have the necessary background for this book if you 've coded in C/C + + , but you need a firm grasp of AWT and 1.1 classes before using this book.This is evident no sooner than chapter 3 which discusses Java 1.2 's extended security model . This is an important topic worthy of discussion , but not between introducing 1.2 API 's and applet programming.No depth as mentioned in the above reviews . Only worth your time as a reference , maybe .
 This is a comparative review - Java 1.2 Unleashed is compared to other four Java 2 books , namely : Horstmann - Cornell
 A real disappointment -LRB- as are most books on this subject -RRB- . The authors were obviously getting paid by the page . After developing a front end application using 1.2 and swing -- I not once found any useful information here . Better look at another title .
 I am a Mormon and I can tell you that this is probably the worst book to understand our faith . I gave it 2 stars because it at least attempts to explain our beliefs , but it leaves out soooo much detail that is actually pretty essential to fully understanding certain concepts.Like , for example , in chapter 1 it talks about `` LIFE BEFORE MORTAL LIFE '' ... it says that `` Mormons believe that God created spiritual bodies to house each person 's eternal essence ... '' hahaha I 'm sorry , this totally made me laugh & smile . Ok , so we believe that we lived before this earth life - yes - but there is no such thing as a `` spiritual body '' . hahaha Spirits do not have bodies ! They are spirits ! :P One of the big reasons why we came to this earth was to RECEIVE a physical body ... because we did not have them in the pre-existence . -LRB- Which is another laughable thing ... in the book it says , `` Premortality , as Mormons call this stage ... '' I have NEVER heard one Mormon call the pre-existence
 This book describes the main tenets of Mormonism
 First - this book is written by Mormons . Second - they will never tell you the complete truth.Joseph Smith slept with and married 14 year old girls . FACT - Helen Kimball was 14 years old when Joe Smith talked to her father Brother Kimball and said that if he would give Helen to him to be his wife Joe would promise brother Kimball that he and his family would stand next to Joe , who would be standing next to Christ in the eternities . Pedophile or prophet?I was taught that Joe married old widows that did n't have any food or money and Joe so generously entered into a polygamous marriage with them . Fact - one third of his wives were 19 years old and younger . Another third were in their twenties and most of the rest were friends wives that were in their thirties . One friend William Law turned him down and was going to publish the truth about Joe Smith so Joe had his newspaper business and building destroyed by his goons the Nauvoo Legion . Joe sent out the order and within one hour and a half of Joe giving the order the buiding and all the papers inside were burned and destroyed . Mob boss or man of God?Brigham Young preached Blood Atonement and said he would stab his own wife in the heart as she lay sleeping next to him if he deemed that she had committed a sin that would keep her out of heaven and therefore he was willing to murder her in cold blood so that her blood would be spilled and would atone for her sins and she would be able to enter heaven.This story is documented in the Mormon Journal of Discourses that is a journal of all the conference talks by the prophets during the beginning of the church . The church no longer publishes these journals but , does still publish the conference talks of the prophets today . Joe Smith and Brigham Young are so revered in the church why would their conference talks be deleted and erased like they never existed . Few mormons even know about the Journal of Discourses . Please Research - Meadow Mountain Massacre , which happened during Brigham 's reign and how innocent families were murdered in cold blood by Mormons dressed up as Indians . Murdering Madman or prophet?The real story of the death of Joe Smith . The citizens of Nauvoo demanded Joe stand trial for his order to destroy the printing press , papers and building of William Law . So Joe had a Church court , which consisted of the men that destroyed the building , and therefore they declared Joe not guilty of any crime . The citizens were outraged and they called for the help of the government . The government came and decided that they needed to move Joe Smith to a City were he did n't have absolute control of the Mormon people and he would receive a fair trial . Joe was moved to Carthage . On his way to Carthage Joe said `` he was like a lamb being lead to the slaughter knowing he had done no wrong '' . BS!No one in the church knows the reason Joe was taken and jailed in Carthage . Members believe Satan was trying to destroy the only true church on the face of this earth and Joe was in grave danger by the forces of evil and he was being taken away by evil men , not by the government . While Joe was in Carthage jail angry men stormed the jail . Joe had a gun and fired several shots yet the men shot Joe and he fell out the window and died . I was fed such lies about the truth.The church is full of lies ! The Book of Mormon is about a Jewish family that is led to the Americas to populate the continent . Joe did n't know about DNA testing . guess what ? There is not one ounce of Jewish blood in any native American Indian ! The Book of Mormon is a piece of FICTION !! Yet , Mormons believe it to be the work of God and the cornerstone of their religion . Joe was a magnificent liar and charismatic genus . Yet he was not a prophet!There are so many lies and so much fear based teaching and brain washing that keep the members afraid to even discuss the truth . They believe Satan 's mignons are trying to lead them astray if they listen to anything that is not sanctioned by the church . They are scared to death to discuss or even listen to the truth.Mormons look all nice and shiny on the outside but what really happens to them is they lose their ability to think for themselves and become co-dependent on the church for their self worth and salvation.There are so many horror stories I could tell you but few people really want to know the truth . Just beware . . not everything is what is seems
 This author purports to be a Mormon , but writes without any authority on the faith . Her writings elsewhere have been gross misrepresentations of the faith . She has no authority from the Church to speak for them , either . If you genuinely want to understand Mormonism , there are good books available . This is NOT one of them !
 From a literary standpoint , War Story is very disjointed and rambling . Side bars are frequent and often pointless . The book starts out with the author arriving in Nam for his second tour , then goes into a flashback of the first tour that lasts a third of the book , without telling what 's going on . There are very few dates and no maps . There is not near as much action as most of the popular Viet Nam books , and the story is largely one of the author 's frustration at not being allowed to command a combat team for more than a couple operations . The book may be of value for its unique content about Montagnard advisors before regular troops arrived , and the author certainly speaks from the heart .
 I found the book to be a boring read . Not much action experience by the author . It was just very boring and I could n't wait to finish reading it so that I could read another book .
 Bill Quandt 's volume on the American role in the Middle East peace process reads more as a chronology of events than a real analytical piece of history . The author devotes an extradinary amount of detail to minor events and actions without really explaining the motives of the players behind the actions . The strongest part of the book is the Presidential Crisis decision making model , in which he explains how he feels US policy on the issue is molded . There is little to judge against , however , since the author does not really do justice to the other theories of US decisionmaking on the middle east . Whether or not he agrees with them , he could at least tell us why he thinks they are incorrect . And finally , the amount of minutia the author goes into ends up leaving the reader wishing he would just decide to highlight a few important events and motives .
 I was extremely disappointed . This book goes into no detail at all of how to actually set up and configure the web server . Has maybe one chapter on this and runs through it extremely fast without getting into any detail . After reading all the sections on configuring the web server , I had no idea which way to go to configure it correctly . It contains mostly ` fluff ' on basic web page stuff and covers unnecessary material all throughout the book . Did not have anything on how to install as an FTP server or how to configure the ftp services . It needs to go into much more detail into the cfg files because these are essentail in getting the web server to operate correctly . This book covered nothing on those files . I expected a lot more from a Master CNE .
 I wanted to like this , I really did . Sterne is a hugely inventive , hugely capable writer . Maybe he does n't go in for the crazed linguistic free-for-all that people like James Joyce do , but he is every bit as bizarre and technically innovative . You could recognize one of his wildly digressive , over-mannered sentences in a heartbeat . But I still could n't stand Tristam Shandy . Not because it 's ` bad ' per se , -LRB- parts of it are extremely engaging and genuinely funny in a way that very little writing from the 18th century is -RRB- but because it seemed like the work of a huge talent essentially screwing around for hundreds and hundreds of pages on what felt like , to me , a gimmick . Do n't get me wrong , if modern literature has proven anything it 's that huge , digressive chunks of text have a totally valid and at times , even stunning place in fiction and non-fiction alike . But a digression , however audacious or clever , is still a movement away from something , and Tristram Shandy does n't really have anything to move away from , or back to . It 's got no center . Maybe I 'm not a conceptually ambitious enough reader to appreciate something this free-floating , but this book makes even the most fanatically post-modern fiction seem ` tame ' by comparison . Tons of newer novels try to make it painfully clear just how decentralized they are , how utterly discursive and free from the confines of our often admittedly stodgy literary traditions they can be . Sterne wrote something that actually is those things , and while that might be clever on his part , it 's just not enough . Not from someone who obviously has the chops to do so much more .
 This may a portion of the book , but I found out that it is not the whole thing . There are many additional volumes which the class I bought this for requires that I read . If you are required to read this for a class , find another addition . I ended up purchasing the modern library edition , which is complete .
 I started this book because I love the quote about writing being but a different word for conversation . Yes , there are moments of great wit . However , they are lost within a mass of verbiage so dense that it makes your mortgage agreement look like a Little Golden Book . It 's not the sublime non-linearity of Joyce 's writing or Ornette Coleman 's playing . It 's the amplification of the self to an unbearable degree . Certainly a unique achievement , I guess . But so is Lou Reed 's `` Metal Machine Music . ''
 Having read a fair amount of 17th and 18th century European literature I looked forward to another good experience . Unfortunately Trisham Shandy did not live up to its reputation . Reading others review I saw words like Comical , Capricious and Deceptively Frivolous . I could find only a few pages out of the 500 that would justify these high praises . I found the book to start out slowly and then fizzle out altogether.My advice to those thinking of reading this book is to make sure that you have read all of the Voltaire and Swift that you can lay your hands on and then think of this one again .
 Having tried so hard to finish this I have become convinced that its reputation comes from people who have , somehow , managed to read it and did n't want to feel all the effort was for nought . It really is n't all that good either as satire or entertainment . Swift or Fielding are infinitely superior . I have met others who , after a few drinks , were willing to admit that they too could n't read this balderdash . The only person I know who claims to have read and enjoyed it had , on closer questioning , no idea what it was about .
 boring . Please do n't make us write all these words . It keeps you from getting reviews . I can not spend this much time .
 Imagine a book filled with em dashes separated by the occasional non sequitur . There you have TS , a jumble of a hodgepodge of a melange . Occasionally delightful turns of phrase notwithstanding , TS is recommended only to bookish masochists interested in dogs of the shaggy persuasion . -LRB- Sterne 's Sentimental Journey , on the other hand , is a masterpiece . -RRB-
 Tristram Shandy is a self-indulgent , pretentious mess . Laurence Sterne seems more concerned with his erudition than with telling his story . The novel is a sort of intellectual tease , as Sterne intorduces storylines , and then announces that he will complete the storyline later so that he can digress onto some topic that may have been of interest in 1760 -LRB- such as the description of fortifications -RRB- but which is of little interest today . By doing this , Sterne builds up and then frustrates our expectations , revealing Sterne as both vain in his self-indulgence and disrespectful to his gentle readers . One would need to be a classicist to understand the classical references littered throughout the book . Sterne could have told a story ; instead he gave a lecture .
 -LRB- One star because zero was not an option . -RRB- I had many accomplishments during my years at university , but I must say that I have no idea how I got through this one . Other `` modern novels '' appeal to me greatly such as _ Ulysses _ and _ Remembrance of Things Past _ , but this one is just garbage , in my mind . While I am a great defender of the right to read , and the need to read books that are detestable as part of the study of literature , I so strongly disliked this book that I keep it only as a reminder of the torture that my students face as they read literature they would never normally choose . I 'm sure we each have our least favorite book , and this is most definitely mine !
 This was the 4th book I had to read for History of the Novel . It was so bad -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- it nearly drove me crazy ! This novel lacks ANY orginization or memorable features . -LRB- Thank goodness the teacher did not ask us to do a paper on it ! -RRB- I understand that the author was introducing a new technique -LRB- stream of consciousness -RRB- . But if you want to read a good example of stream of consciousness you should move towards Virginia Woolf 's `` To the Lighthouse . '' Also Margaret Laurence 's `` The Stone Angel . '' The only good thing I can possibly say about `` Tristram Shandy '' is that it may be a golden turkey . -LRB- That is a novel that is SO BAD it actually takes on a charm of its own . -RRB-
 If you need this book for class , I suggest you buy it . The free Kindle version is only the first four volumes . Amazon should be more clear
 This book was scrapped together with content almost totally downloaded from software makers ' web sites . Not even edited together in any coherent fashion . The same topics were treated multiple times in numerous places . Mr. Roman may be knowlegable about PDF workflow , but it does n't show in this overpriced , over-rushed , overly-complex and already out-of-date book .
 This is not Dickens at his best . No offence to the narrator , who does a good job but I think the story itself is rather boring . Especially when compared with his classics `` Great Expectations '' , `` A Christms Carol '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' .
 I found Hard Times to be a particularly boring novel . I also purchased the matching audiobook which I listened to on a long drive . There should be a warning label ! The darn thing puts you to sleep faster than listening to Stephen Hawking all day ... anesthetized ! Why not one star ? I like Dickens , what can I say ?
 This book was a total waste of my time . do n't get me wrong though im a very avid reader but , DAG !! was Dickens intending for his book to be so boring or did it just mistakenly happen . The characters were hard to understand and so was the plot . ONe character in particular got on my last nerve
 I picked up this book at B&N ; because I had just read two Jane Austin novels and I thought this would be a light read . I was wrong . The beggining and the end had a purpose in the story but the middle could have been much , much shorter and the ending made a little longer.I liked the character of Mr. Bounderby . He was very well developed . I would even say over-developed , but he was the only one . How did Sissy influence the youngest Gradgrind ? Why did n't we know of Mrs. Bounderbys inner turmoil till she ran to her father ? Every character had something missing . What happened to Mr. Bounderby once he was found out ? Why is Sissy so special and what did she really do for the family?It was a long book where nothing much happened until the last quarter and when it finally ended I felt cheated because it lacked a complete story line and full characters . The story line could have been forgiven if I was more satisfied with the characters .
 Pretty much , the beginning and the middle of this book is pretty dull . The thing that really saves it towards the middle . So I would not read this book if you are looking for something gripping or that will really make you eager to find out what is going to happen next . The book is simply put a drama with no positive turning points until the end . The ending of a book is really inportant to me . This book has a good ending , so that raises the from my point of view.The book was kind of hard to follow for me . One of the main reasons for this is the fact that there are too many characters . There is at least twenty . Some of these characters are Louisa , Mr. Bounderby , Mr. Gradgrind , Sissy Jupe , and Stephen Blackpool . Stephen Blackpool 's story was very sad and really affected my emotions as I read it . I also felt that Sissy Jupe went through a lot but stayed strong through her troubles.The basic storyline is this
 I picked up Hard Times preparing to enjoy it since Charles Dickens is my favorite author . While not going so far to say that I was disappointed , I will say that it was the first Charles Dickens novel that I almost felt like not finishing . Not only is the plot rather humorless , but the characters are charmless and almost uninteresting . If it hadnt been written by Dickens then I may have liked it better but as it was it did not have any of Dickens usual charm and humor .
 This book was terrible ! Half the characters did not have an ending and no main character is apparent . Then again , I 'm a freshman in high school and may be a little inexperienced to judge so harshly . I personally dislike Dicken 's wordy style of writing because it 's easy to get lost . If you like Dickens , and you do n't mind his writing style I 'm sure you would probably disagree with me . I 'll give it a two .
 Charles Dickens did for the art of literature what the 80 's did for music
 this book is hard to understand and boring
 Hard Times is a book written in older Brittish convention style . The way this story was written I could hardly understand , because I ` am not used to reading the older english version.A book like this one would be for someone who can definitly read , and understand almost every form of writing . It 's mainly about innocent lives simply being tooken away.This included family , adults , and children , knowing at that time age did n't matter.If you were one of killer 's victoms , most likely you would lose your life.That is what made it so hard for many people to calmly contiue on with thier lives ' , because they were worried about their safty.Just letting you know , I would not recommend reading this book , If you 're someone like me who dos n't understand the old english version used in this text.This story included characters such as Mr.Marmel , the Welp , Mr.Grandgrind , Hart House , Mrs. Pegler and Rachel.They are all involved in those particular pressures of life in that city . So if you believe you have the right tools to recieve what `` Hard Times '' is spouting out to you , I will not hold you back . I say give it a try .
 Any Dickens book can be summarized in two words
 `` Is there anything more dull than this damn book ? '' - Gradgrind
 Labored reading , unable to relate to the author or the story . I just do n't like the way she writes a story .
 As one who loves Virginia Woolf 's works , this collection was disappointing . Short stories are definitely not her genre . I will keep to reading her novels .
 I 've bought other IDG books and have been TOTALLY impressed so I tried this book . I 've also bought several developer books for previous Access versions by other authors/publishers . I have n't spent a lot of time in this book , but some basic things like a discussion of MSDE vs Jet seem to be missing -LRB- or at least not in the index -RRB- . MSDE -LRB- SQL 7 Lite -RRB- seems to be an important new `` developer '' development and is completely missing from the book . Even the Que `` Using Access 2000 '' covered this topic . Buy something else .
 Absolute waste of money . Syntax is not discussed . Examples are poorer than those given in Help function that comes with the software . Some of the examples do not work , even if used exactly as they are quoted in the book .
 I can find only one use for this book . It is an excellent example of what NOT to do when designing user interfaces . These are some of the most unusable interfaces I have seen to date.Also , the only skill of the designers display is their ability to over use popular , gimmicky , current design trends . There is no originality displayed in the designs and there is no forethought in UI design and layout .
 O'Reilly should really offer refunds on this book . It is unreadable.Buy Martin Fowler 's UML Distilled instead .
 if you start learning UML , this is absolutely not a good pick . The orgnization of this book is poor . Some parts are reiterated more than 3 times , some are seldomly mentioned.Too many messy diagrams makes readers like me confused .
 This is NOT the book you want if you are just starting to learn about UML . I bought it for that purpose , and found it useless.I 'm selling it now , and will use the proceeds toward Martin Fowler 's book , UML Distilled .
 Found it unreadable , gave up . Two problems :1 . Excessive use of bulleted points , where prose should be used . Everything is lists , which ca n't build up an idea like a paragraph does . They seem to repeat points , and you ca n't retain this info .2 . Extremely vacous business buzzwords used throughout .
 I pity anyone who spent money on this book and thought they would get a decent reference manual to the topic . O'Reilly will lose its reputation for publishing clear , concise , readable books on technology if they keep this up . WHERE were the editors for this book ? And WHO CARES whether the author `` knows his stuff '' ? The point is for the author to communicate concepts to the reader . This abstruse work has to be the one of the greatest obfuscations of a subject I 've ever seen.After slogging through the useless preface and introduction , you get to Chapter 2
 This book is miserable , but I will probably keep it , simply because of its size and shape -LRB- useful like one of those little pocket dictionaries . -RRB- The diagrams are nice and the final 1/3 is organized well . The rest is horrid.I am comfortable with UML and , most importantly , it 's application in a process environment to substantial development projects . I seriously doubt the author has ever broken out of the campus viewpoint.The writing is repetitive and annoying . It is annoying to read this book . Each sentence repeats the prior sentence is a slightly different way that becomes annoying . The book repeats the same information in an annoying manner ... sorry , apparently it is contagious . Dont laugh , this paragraph could very EASILY be in the book somewhere.With writing like this there is no wonder as to why bulleted lists where used . I am willing to bet the book will soon be replaced or overhauled because it does not live up to the O'reilly legacy . Wait for the coherent , excuse me , second edition . For a true idea or reflection of the book 's content please read the `` about the author '' section at the end of the book.If you are new to UML , look somewhere else . If you know most of the buzzwords , look for an applying book -LRB- like Larman 's Applying UML and patterns . -RRB- If you are tired of lugging around 700 + pg spec. , the user 's guide , and UML distilled then pick up this book for the quick reference value .
 This book is aptly named . Like most nutshells , it is all but indigestible . A much better overview of UML is Martin Fowler 's `` UML Distilled '' .
 I thought this book would be up to the usual O'Reilly standards . I was wrong . Do n't bother.UML In a Nutshell should be about half its current size . It 's full of verbiage that does n't really add anything . The book should `` cut to the chase '' and get stuff accomplished up-front , rather than wax philosophical in bureaucratese for the first three chapters.Bits like `` The problem occurs within a business context -LRB- domain or space -RRB- . The solution must be realized to fit within the organization 's information technology infrastructure -LRB- domain or space -RRB- . '' -LSB- p16 -RSB- should be taken out and shot with the bullets from the neighboring pages . I mean really , who cares -LRB- domain or space -RRB- ? You can open this book at random and find pretty much the same kind of writing.Sorry . At least it was n't that expensive -LRB- domain or space -RRB- .
 This book is a very difficult read and not for novices . I bought it when I needed to understand UML for the first time and I am afraid that it failed my expectations . In the end I forced myself to speed read through the whole thing just to get some kind of overview . I suspect some of it penetrated my subconscious , but not a great deal , since a large portion of the book is bulleted with incomplete sentences . I now use it as it was intended to be used , as a reference guide , for which the book partially succeeds . Even so , I have not found a single UML book that is both informative and exciting . They are usually one or the other .
 I bought this book mainly going by the O'Reilly name which usually has excellent books -LRB- Java , Motif -RRB- , but this book is like listening to a theoretical computer science prof. drone on and on ... It literally took me three months to get through just chapter two . I kept falling asleep every time I tried to read it ! Most of chapter two consists of cut-and-pasted bulleted lists each one defining a zillion terms w/o justification . So , we do n't say ` acquired ' , we say ` captured ' . Great ! Can you say ` pedantic ' , boys and girls?Bottom line is that when an author keeps using big obfuscated words for no good reason where simpler ones would do -LRB- e.g. ` facilitate ' v/s ` ease ' -RRB- you know you are in trouble . He is obviously writing to impress his colleagues , not to educate his readers ...
 I completely -LRB- totally -RRB- concur -LRB- agree -RRB- with the other reviewer 's assessment -LRB- review -RRB- of the book in listed on this page . If you find this style of writing annoying -LRB- aggravating -RRB- then you will not enjoy -LRB- like or appreciate -RRB- this book . The repetitive style and obtuse diction make this book unbearable . Do n't even try to make sense out of the diagrams . I shall request a return of funds upon surrendering this item . I 'm getting my money back.What happened here , O'Reilly ?
 When I write a review this bad , I feel that my objections must be as specific and concrete as possible . The good news is that the book gives me plenty to work with.First is the writing style . Nearly all of the text is bulleted lists or hierarchies of bulleted lists . At best , it 's an un-natural reading style . This is n't the best , though . Some of the lists go on for pages . Most annoying is that most bullet items start with incomplete sentences . At times , I felt desperate for a whole sentence with subject and verb.Second is the style of illustration . I do n't insist that every author be a trained graphic designer . A few basics should be obvious , though . Here 's one
 The author of this In a Nutshell title clearly knows his stuff.The Desktop Quick Reference is packed with very detailed definitions of UML concepts and the language 's meta model . The author 's style is very succinct and focused.This very detailed , granular approach probably makes it a great Desktop Quick Reference for anyone who already knows UML reasonably well.However , if you are new to UML and trying to learn it -LRB- like me -RRB- , I 'd say this Nutshell is pretty tough to crack . On balance , there is not a lot of narrative in the book . What is there , is very dense : `` The object-oriented paradigm is reducible to the function-driven paradigm or the data-driven paradigm . That is , while using the object-oriented paradigm , activities can be skewed to independently leverage function-driven concepts or data-driven concepts in a given problem-solving approach . '' -LRB- p 66 -RRB- So after several reads , the language still feels out of reach . I 've gotten another book to help me teach myself
 Densely written to the point of being unreadable . I 've been working with UML for a while and was looking for a more complete reference , but this is n't it . It does n't even adequately or reasonably explain what I already knew , and is sometimes downright contradictory in its use of terminology . O'Reilly must have really been asleep to put their name on this worthless exercise . My other O'Reilly books are the best and most useful references I 've ever had , but this does not deserve to be in the same company .
 What can I add to the remarks made by all the other one-star reviewers ? Not a lot . I could bullet-point all their comments . This would give prospective purchasers a glimpse of what they are letting themselves in for . Like some of the other reviewers , I have come to regard O'Reilly 's Nutshell series as a quality source of information . This book provides a sharp lesson in taking things for granted . NEVER AGAIN . I can only console myself with the thought that the bookwas not too expensive a mistake .
 I was gon na buy this book until I got hold of my co-employee 's copy . This book is so BORING that I gave up reading it after 2 chapters ! I would usually have a quick glance at all the pages of a book to get rough idea on what the book is all about . But this time , I came up with nothing . The presentation style is so AWFUL it does n't matter anymore what 's inside the book !
 Regrettably this is one of my books in UML -LRB- just because it is from Oreilly -RRB- . A piece of advice to the author
 Unlike any Oreilly book I 've ever read , this is the very first I could n't get through . Pedantic prose , opaque examples , and mind-numbingly dull descriptions have combined to leave me less knowledgable than before.This is the only oreilly book I 've ever wanted to return . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !
 I was expecting a whole lot more . The examples are contrived and not very interesting . The prose consists of lists and lists.I remember picking up the first edition of Java in a Nutshell and basically figuring out the whole language from reading the first 40 pages . That is what I was expecting here and it did NOT deliver.I would return it if I could . As it is , I am trying to select a UML text for a course I am teaching , and I was hoping I had found an inexpensive choice that the students would be able to use as a reference , while giving a reasonable explanation of the basics of UML . Wrong .
 The tutorial section was ok , but other than that I found the book to be of little use . The author 's attempt at describing the basic O-O paradigm is possibly the most convoluted explanation I 've ever seen . Eg , object operations -LRB- aka methods -RRB- `` Are representational constructs of behaviorial characteristics of entities '' . IMO , this is just one example of many failed attempts at describing simple concepts . I started to wonder if the author was paid by the syllable .
 This book looks like the author just copied the text from a series of PowerPoint slides . The vast majority of the text comes in the form of bulleted lists , and any text outside that is repetitive , echoing either itself or the lists . The lists themselves are poorly organized
 Could n't get past the first three chapters . The outline approach should have taken fewer words to describe the material , but the book failed . The text was overly wordy and cryptic . Imagine a lecture from your worst professor ever , but now you ca n't ask questions . The diagrams only make it worse.Author seemed very knowledgeable and two more times through the editor/review process would probably produce an excellent educated text on the material.Taking the book back and looking at some of the other reviewed books on this site.Had good experience with the `` in a nutshell '' brand , so bought the book without doing a serious flipthrough . Wo n't do that again .
 As some readers already mentioned , it is not a book for someone who wants to learn UML . The introduction example is quite helpful but afterwards it is just full of `` PowerPoint '' - slide-style -LRB- PPSS -RRB- description .
 Every time I ... buy a technical book without checking Amazon.com for the reviews I end up kicking myself , and this time is no exception . This book is almost completely impossible to read - it is a tangle of repetitive bullet points torn from some cursed corner of academia . When the author does take the time to write a complete sentence it is riddled with odd parenthetical notes that are less than helpful . And the diagrams , at least in the initial chapters , are arcane , in my opinion rather silly , but mostly just needlessly confusing.I found myself skipping larger and larger sections of the text at a time looking for some island of clarity from which I could learn something valuable without too much squinting and ended up skipping all the way through the book.Of all the topics that should be treated in a clear , straightforward manner , coverage of a modeling language designed to facilitate communication pretty much tops the list - so if you are a collector of irony , this book would make a nice addition to your collection . Otherwise , I 'd select another title .
 I do n't normally write reviews but this book was just too much to pass up . I swear I have seen this skit on SNL where some guy just explains something an absurd degree and confuses everyone . This is that skit in book form.For example -LRB- I was laughing when I read this -RRB- on page 52 where the author is describing objects , the 4th bullet says , `` Objects - May be of a simple or complex data type -LRB- should have stopped here -RRB- Simple data types are not reducible to any subordinate parts . Complex data types are conglomerates reducible to subordinate parts . `` I think someone published his dissertation at O'Reilly . Let me say to the folks who gave this book five stars and think that these other people just do n't know enough to be in the ballgame , I respectable disagree with you . I have worked with OOA&D and the UML for several years now and I just found this book to be a mediocre reference at best . You are correct , it is not for beginners but a book still needs to be interesting , provide concrete examples and in-depth analysis into the most important aspects of good object-oriented analysis and design . In my opinion , this book really offers none of that.If you really want a great book that will keep you reading like a Tom Clancy novel -LRB- okay that is stretching it a bit -RRB- you should get Fundamentals of Object-Oriented Design in UML by Meilir Page-Jones . Now I have seen some reviews that say it is for beginners but I do not agree . The first section on fundamentals of OO yes , however the subsequent parts of the book get into some very well written detailed analysis about not only best practices with the UML , but also object-oriented software design principles in general.O ` Reilly , I am disappointed . I have several titles -LRB- Java Network Programming , Java and XML , EJB , Servlets etc. -RRB- and this is by far the worse . I think O'Reilly should leave OOA&D and the UML to the Addison-Wesley Booch-Rumbaugh-Jacabson series . Just my two cents : - -RRB-
 I own most of the O'Reilly books , so I 'm a bit biased
 I own plenty of programming-related books , and I think I can recognize a good book when I read one . This is not one of those books , which is surprising in an O'Reilley Nutshell book . Certainly it covers the basics and essentials of UML , but most of the substantive information is in bulleted lists , surrounded mounds of useless prose . Here 's a typical example : `` To deliver valued solutions -LRB- maximum quality and minimum cost within the minimum time -RRB- , organizations must capture -LRB- acquire -RRB- , communicate -LRB- share -RRB- , and leverage -LRB- utilize -RRB- knowledge . The value of a solution is determined by the quality of the product or service , the cost of the product of service , and the time needed to produce the product or deliver the service . `` This paragraph may seem rather innocent by itself , but after about ten pages of this I began to feel physically ill . Nothing life-threatening , mind you -- just a little nausea . Closing the book for several minutes made the feeling go away , and reading the book again cause my symptoms to return . Reading a different programming book did not cause my illness to return . So I placed `` UML in a Nutshell '' on the shelf and have felt fine ever since.I then purchased a different book to lean UML .
 O'Reilly in many ways defines a technology . If there is a O'Reilly book that means it is something you probably want to know . Most of the `` In A Nutshell books '' have become invaluable and essential for me , but unfortunately this book misses the mark . In many ways this book does more to hurt UML than increase its use . When confronted with this confusing mess , more often than not , people will walk away thinking , UML is too confusing and not a helpful tool.The author babbels on for two chapters without giving any concrete examples , showing the concepts , or demonstrating how it helps you . The diagrams are confusing , for example , the software life cycle diagram . I think the objective of the was author to prove he was smarter than the rest of us rather than trying to help us understand.I want the second edition -LRB- assuming it comes out and fixes the major problems -RRB- of this book for free because it was a waste of money and is not up to O'Reilly standards . I have certainly bought enough O'Reilly books to make them quite wealthy .
 ` UML in a nutshell ' is a book I do not like . The terminology used deviates from what is commonly used in all other books on the subject . I disagree with the sequence in which the author presents the material and find his introduction to OO one of the worst ones I have ever come across . Trying to capture all of the UML in such a small book resulted in the book containing information that is only mentioned and not explored , leaving the reader confused rather than enthused . Finally , what does not help at all is the heavy use of bullet points throughout the book , which is a characteristic of the bad style this book is written in . I apologise to the author , maybe he is brilliant at what he does for a living -LRB- one never knows -RRB- , but a technical writer he is not . END
 I bought this book , without reading any reviews , on the basis it would demonstrate the usual lucidity of the `` In a Nutshell '' series . Alas no . It is a fine example of a pedantic , overly qualified academic book ; almost comical in its lack of clarity . Vague diagrams followed by long lists of overly precise bullet points are the preferred mechanism of imparting knowledge -LRB- one can imagine the author sweating to impart maximum exactitude in the minimum word count -RRB- . I 'm sure the author knows the subject , however , I would defy any generalist to make head or tail of it . The last book I read as staggeringly incomprehensible as this was Wittgenstein 's Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus - and at least you know with Wittgenstein it 's going to be incomprehensible before you part with your cash . So in a nutshell , no .
 This book is horrible . It tries to be a tutorial , and a reference but succeeds at neither . Instead we get a dense book consisting mostly of bullet points , complicated diagrams and a rambling format which never gets to the point or tells you concisely what you want to know . It is like someone has just cut and pasted the bullet points of their UML training course -LRB- extra complicated edition -RRB- into book format.I do n't suppose UML is * that * hard to understand assuming an author takes you through it in reasonable learning steps , but unfortunately this book does n't . This is a very poor O'Reilly title .
 Are you looking for a book on UML , go somewhere else ... Using bullets are good for making points clear , but not as default font for a book . And content should be refined if this book is to deserve the nutshell title from Oreilly . This is probably the worst book on computing that I have ever read , and hopefully it will be for some time . It was very disappointing compared to the usual Oreilly standard .
 My email to the author -LRB- emailto:salhir@earthlink.net -RRB- follows : Its rarely that I email an author about negative review . But this time through I am pretty sure it may be a good idea . So here goes ... I read only a short part of the book before I gave up because I found your style of presentation rather obscure and unreadable . The bulleted lists that make up most of the prose in the text are hard to read without a contextual commentary . The diagrams seem ** really ** interesting but unfortunately there is no discussion about the diagrams and their contexts . The diagrams are labeled but that still does n't explain them well . I am hoping you get a chance to revise this book and correct some of this.Simply put - It seems to me like you have taken your personal notes -LRB- bulleted lists -RRB- and slapped them together with your diagrams to make this book . See what most of the other reviewers of your text at Amazon.com have to say . I find it surprising that O'Reilly did ` nt find this to be a problem with the bookSorry that this is such a negative review but this is with a hope that next revision improvesJaideep -LRB- All the above are my views not my employer 's views -RRB-
 Sheesh , this book was written like the author took some of his bad Powerpoint slide and pasted it together and then published it . O'Reilly should ashamed !
 I 've become accustomed to turning to O'Reilly books as my preferred source of technical material , mainly because I appreciate that their authors typically employ an enjoyable prose-style of writing . However , blind devotion hath wronged me mightily on the day I bought this book without scanning at least the first couple chapters.After just reading the preface , the entire first chapter seems like repetition - indeed , the preface gives just about the only really decent conceptual overview of UML in a readable fashion . The ` unique ' , as the author calls it , style of using bullet points instead of paragraphs is nothing short of mind-numbing . To start a paragraph with `` The UML '' and then immediately drop into about a dozen bullet points , must have been an intentional device to cause readers pain . After reading a dozen bullet points , all incomplete sentences that do n't even sound right unless you make a mental note to repeat `` The UML '' before it , you tend to lose track of what the author 's point was to begin with.The author may be technically competent , but prose certainly is not his forte . This book may be useful for it 's ` reference ' section , but reference books are a dime-a-dozen . I 'd look elsewhere .
 I found no use for this book , except as ... The text is boring . There is no explanation , just a set of phrases that most of the time seams to be lost in the context . From chapter one to three there is nothing useful . Some diagrams and descriptions after Chapter 3 but everything is to much vague . For me this is more a review or collection of white papers than a book .
 As a devotee of O'reilly titles -LRB- it 's the first publisher I usually look to on computer subjects -RRB- , this one was disappointing . Regardless of whether it covers the subject matter well , the book fails simply because of the writing . It is , at least in the beginning , weighed down by comma series that go on forever , parenthetic notes that are redundant , and points that are lost in a volume of unrelated stuff.The author lacks focus , and the writing style is academic . This is not a practitioner 's guide . I ended up purchasing a second UML book within a week .
 A useless compendium of high-sounding abstractions , by and for complete ivory-tower computer scientists . Nowhere are any concrete examples given . The defense that `` this is not a book for beginners '' is nonsense . Even highly experienced practitioners need clear explanations and specific examples . The GOF patterns book and the Fowler refactoring book are also computer science texts , but they always give actual examples of what they are talking about . I get angrier every time I pick up this book and try to make practical application.If the purpose of communication is to promote understanding , this book widely misses the mark .
 So far , I have wasted an inordinate amount of time trying to get the files on the companion CD to work . This book promises a CD for both Mac and Windows operating systems , but Mac users be forewarned -- you must first convert the libraries using a utility -LRB- CopyRSR -RRB- . Regrettably , the utility file included is PC based , so I had to find the utility elsewhere for the Mac . When I finally had the utility and used it to convert the file , I then had to modify the Mac type and creator codes using ResEdit or NortonUtilities . I have now modified the types on six different files using three different applications -LRB- and I am not a novice ! -RRB- -- NONE OF THEM WORK IN PAINTER . Painter refuses to open them , or my machine freezes . There is no reason why the files were n't available in both Mac and Windows versions -- even if the conversion process worked , it 's a lot of hassle when there 's plenty of room on a CD for both types of files . In fact , that 's what the Painter 6 Wow ! book and CD does -- and it is , by far , a superior book . I 've already wasted a week of evenings on this nonsense -- this may soon be a return to Amazon.com -LRB- unless my complaint to the publisher gets results -RRB- . Mac users beware !
 The contents of this book should be focused on the functions and wiz-bang attributes of Painter -- you 'd think . Instead , we are made to sit through the endless harangue of Rhoda Grossman -LRB- a name Dickens would have approved of ! -RRB- . Sherry London 's opinions are n't as blatant , but when have you ever had to endure a bashing to find out how to use a product ? Painter is an incredible product . Thank goodness I already know this or I might feel embarrassed about my choice , based on the commentary in this book . The book is a total waste of money . It gets one star only because zero is n't allowed .
 I was not a fan of this book . When I received the book I realized I had purchased it several years ago and gave it away . I would like to see more concrete skills . I am not a fan of worksheets or drawings . I would have like to have more scenerios that one could role play with students .
 This book could be the script for an Aaron Spelling Western Soap Opera . Grey 's women characters are supposed to be strong , but their beliefs never seem to match their actions . His research on Mormons -LRB- if he did any -RRB- must have come from a really disgruntled former member of the religion . Taken for what it is , a romantic old western , it 's good entertainment . You 'll roll your eyes , but you 'll keep reading .
 I had high expectations when I first got Riders of the Purple Sage . It proved to be repetitive & tiresome . I could n't get through it.I would highly recommend The Cowboy & the Cossack & Lonesome Dove .
 This book is slow , I made it through it but probably will never read it again . Characters do stupid things and could of eliminated a lot of grief with a different choice .
 The dialog in the book is old , so it 's distracting , and not a quick read , because of it . I read the entire book -LRB- book club selection -RRB- , but I had to force myself to complete it . I did n't think there was much depth at all to the characters until the latter parts of the story , and Jane Withersteen seems far too whiney for my tastes .
 I enjoy a good western . I understand that the good guys are often too good to be true , and the bad guys are as bad as can be . Still , I was very put off by this `` classic . '' As I fought to stay awake through over 250 pages of the words ` purple ' and ` sage ' being used in various ways , I could n't help but wonder what all the hype is about this book.Basically , it 's this
 I would truly , truly like to review this book , in either a negative vein , or glowing positively - thrilled with it 's boundless content . Unfortunately , I have n't actually received the book in question , so there 's really not a lot to say . In my heart I keep hoping that it will be delivered one day , any day , sooner rather than later would be nice . And , after the headlong rush of reading and absorbing the copious content -LRB- it 's a big book after all I 've been told -RRB- , I hold addional hope that I will still have sufficient drive to get that real review out the door and on to the pages of Amazon where it belongs . Maybe next month - see you then !
 I expected a mix of some basic information and new sources or ideas , but there was really nothing new here . This might be a good resource for someone who has never been exposed to any facet of financing a college education or someone who wants to go into a field for which the education can be free , but you wo n't find anything too useful if you 've already made your plans , or taken out loans , completed a FAFSA and researched on-line unless you just need a review or the process .
 Hmm , not so helpful for us , and I 'm thinking that I could have found this info for free on a web-search . Arrived timely , and in good condition .
 This book was huge disappointment . Many items in the text are wrong , and Carol McCullough-Dieter obvious has no business writing Oracle books . There are so many wrong items , that it is not worth commenting on them . Avoid this bad apple at all costs .
 1000 words are not sufficient to write comment
 It 's a bunch of 1 or 2 page rescue stories written very simplistically . Would be a good book for beginning readers but does n't have enough substance for older readers to enjoy .
 I just recently got a Puggle and wanted some advice on house training . The author was very rude about owners who work . I am out of the house most of the day at work . The author believes that if you are out of the house for the entire day then you should just get a cat . Apparently working `` Mom 's '' do n't have the right to have a dog . I did n't even read past that part and I wish I could have returned the book . Most people do n't have the luxury of staying home all day . The author should recognize that rescuing a dog and having it in a nice cage with toys and a fluffy blanket is better than sitting in a cold , empty , cement cage at the pound . I suggest picking a different book where the author is not as judgmental .
 I really wanted to give this book zero stars . I 'm planning on returning this book . The description is totally misleading because it is so totally negative about anyone even thinking about toilet training a dog to go indoors instead of being walked outside . The book is totally unforgiving about ANY reason what so ever you may have , without exception , in regards to having your dog or puppy relieve him/her-self indoors . It basically states that if you can not take your dog outdoors , then do n't bother getting a dog and get a cat instead . If everyone went by this book , I think there would be alot of poor dogs without homes that now live in apts , handicapped owners , working owners . I 'm going to litter train my dog , without any help from this book !
 I bought this book as someone here said it told them all they needed to know -- well , it most certainly did not . It did NOT address the problem of a pup who has been paper-trained and how to break that habit . All the book says is `` Do n't paper-train ... '' but in no way deals with the issue of breaking a puppy of that habit.A real waste of time .
 I got half-way through and quit ; the book just did n't work for me . Prus obviously intended to write `` realistically '' , and his rather disconnected deployment of scenes and character development does mimic the complexities of real life . So , in that sense , he was a success.However , he completely fails on much more important levels . For example , the plot lacks even a hint of conflict . Wolkulski -LRB- the main character -RRB- faces no conflict as he gives in to his obsession for Izabella , nor does he seem to have any particular difficulty in achieving any of his foolish stunts to try to win her . Since it 's obvious from the start the relationship is doomed , there 's not the tension of `` will he get the girl ? '' Not even the obvious potential friction of his being a class-crossing social climber creates any conflict -LRB- other than a few characters commenting on his boorish manners -RRB- . A 600 + page book needs more conflict than that to justify itself . I could not uncover the purpose of reading -LRB- or of having written -RRB- the book.Prus endows `` The Doll '' with the trappings of realist novels
 The 2000 version of this book is way out of date and does not reflect the trails we took at all . Wells writes a very good book but make sure you buy the most current edition -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . Those who buys Wells books on a regular basis know that with hard use the pages fall out of the binding .
 There is no doubt that she was talented and beautiful and suffered a lot in her life -LRB- who does n't -RRB- . However , the book is very dull and boring . David Niven did a memorable job in his book about the same era , with scandalous snippets and interesting tit-bits . Rosalind places herself above such `` sins '' , which is how she was . She continually upsets the chronology of the events in her life thereby creating confusion , this could be because she was so unwell since 1960 - and that really upsets the apple cart.Few years back , I watched Picnic on TV -LRB- though not aware who she was -RRB- , I seem to remember her acting ; which was totally uninhibited.However , this book is a loser and does n't entertain at all . Her cheerfulness and supposed candor becomes forced and contrived.Avoid ...
 This book was just plain horrible . All the examples are out dated , by years !
 At the rate that computer technology is changing by the time you read any book it will be outdated . Steer clear of this book
 This is a pretty weak introductory book . Do n't ' buy it with your own money -LRB- corporate funds are probably OK if the book is discounted more than 20 % ;--RRB- . The authors definitely do not understand the Win32 environment well enough . The language is explained as an isolated phenomenon without reference to existing scripting tools -LRB- VBA , VBScrit , Rexx , etc. -RRB- . The main use of Perl in Win32 environment is CGI progammining and here the book does not have enough value for beginners . Generally this book looks like an attempt to adapt the original Randal Schwartz book to the Win32 environment -LRB- second edition for UNIX also is not the best introductory book available , but at least it was one of the first books on Perl -RRB- . The adaptation attempt failed and the results are pretty disappointing . Neither the examples , nor style are very suitable to Win32 . For example `` Standard Perl distribution '' -LRB- page 6 -RRB- contains recommendations like
 This book does n't have enough in depth coverage of PERL . For a programmer , this book is too simple , for a non-programmer , this book is too hard .
 This is the toughest book in this category . This is not well organised and it lacks examples . The given examples are not up to the mark . I request the author to give more examples and tips to do the programming efficiently and effectively . This sounds hard but it is the fact .
 After reading Learning Perl on Win32 Systems , I 'm totally convinced that the sole purpose of this book is to promote `` Learning Perl '' and `` Programming Perl '' from the - suprisingly - same author . You 'd do alot better if you purchase `` Learning Perl '' and `` Programming Perl '' straight up from the beginning , subscribe to wellknown mailing list `` perl-win32-users '' instead of buying this book .
 The book was easy enought to read , and it represents the information in a simplistic manner , but it does not provide the depth needed to really program in Perl for a Win32 subsystem . Try the book by David Roth .
 This book definitely was n't all that it was meant to be I 'm sure . Even with a background in programming it did n't accomplish much in actually helping to learn PERL , imagine if it was a non-programmer . The text was written in a fashion which can easily lose the reader .
 Like most O'Reilly books . This is meant for hard-core programmers and not beginners . That said , the content is still rather shallow . As for CGI , Schwartz et al refer you to the other O'Reilly PERL books , which -LRB- of course -RRB- are written for UNIX weenies and are of no use to the NT/Win32 folks . So what good is that ? Sigh .
 This is n't the greatest business advice book in the world . The author makes the point that you do n't need to be smart to make it as an entrepreneur , and if you take that attitude in life then you will get taken advantage of . He also says that entrepreneurs are born and not made , that 's very bad advice.Not all of us realize that we want to be entrepreneurs until later on , and neither did he but he admits in the book that he graduated with average grades and companies do n't want to hire people with simply average grades , so he started up Tripod.Obviously he did plan to become an entrepreneur , it was either that or work for minimum wage somewhere . After his decision to become an entrepreneur , he obviously was smart enough to figure out what he needed to do and who he needed to talk to . He makes it seem as if everything fell on his lap ; do n't believe his hype.I think this is bad advice because there are people who want to better themselves , they may not be ready to become entrepreneurs but later on they might be , and by telling people that entrepreneurs are born and not made then he discourages those people who might be entrepreneurs.A lot of the advice in this book is just bs , he also tries to put down A students , saying that they wo n't succeed much in business . That they will only be managers . That 's funny because a lot of smart people end up wealthy , especially straight A students . Of course you do have certain smart people who do n't know how to get along with people , and if you 're one of them then you need to change . It 's a good thing that I checked it out from the library first .
 I read Lucky or Smart after receiving a recommendation from a very creditable source . However , it was a great disappointment , and in my opinion , a waste of money . $ 13.95 -LRB- as per the inside cover of the book -RRB- for 58 pages that delivered little value.Bo Peabody may himself be both lucky and smart for founding and selling a low revenue-no profit generating internet company during the internet bubble ; I hope you are lucky enough to read this review and then smart enough to avoid purchasing his book . My brief summary of the lessons from the book follows : Chapter 1
 My profile
 This book is useless . I 'm so surprised others gave it four stars . The author just got lucky with his timing and he inflated the valuation of his company by posing as a slacker CEO while in reality he was working 100 hour work weeks.Then he was smart because he cashed out instead of going IPO because in his own words , he knew that the company was `` all hat , no cattle '' . Then he took his money invested it in other companies that he `` started '' through his venture capital company . He actually does n't talk about any of those operations so one wonders if he considers investing the same as starting a company.Personally I was n't looking for someone 's luck story . I wanted `` secrets to an entrepreneurial life '' as the cover claims and what I really wanted was information that I could implement in the next company I start . This did n't teach me any . It was like reading an article in some bad paper , like USA Today , just longer.If you want an autobiography of a random lucky guy , this is the book for you . If you want to make your business more successful without lying to the press or being someone you are n't , read Adrian Slywotzky . He can tell you some real entrepreneurial secrets that you can apply to your business .
 I bought this book because I heard the Blanchard 's on NPR talking about their experience and thought it would be a fun to read about 2 very appealing things ; running away to the Caribbean and opening a restaurant.I found this book to be a real sleep inducer ! It is not written well , but rather in the style of your mom telling one of her vacation stories . The parts of the book that could have lended drama ; hurricanes and drug dealing , were approached with little interest for the reader . The drug dealing almost brushed off and w-a-y too much info on the hurricane.The Blanchard 's come off as some sort of godsends to the people of Anguilla , and the verbatim conversations with their son by phone are excruciating
 I read this book and while I thought it was interesting during the first few chapters , it quickly turns into a self indulgent tale of `` look how much money we spent and all that we went through to live in Paradise '' . Are these people for real ? Seems to me that the book was written to recoup their initial start-up expenses . Been to their little restaurant in Paradise and the food is about as good as the book . In fact , I gave them one star for their food and book combined .
 Hipkat and ActionJunkie have summed it all up perfectly . Nothing else to add . Oh . Yes there is . I happened to be in a bookstore way back when this book was released and the Blanchardss were speaking . I pretty quickly observed they were quite charmed with themselves . I did n't stay to listen long . The book was passed to me by a co-worker . Could n't finish it .
 If you have ever been cornered by an innkeeper or B & B owner whose life contains five minutes of interesting tidbits , but who takes two hours dragging you through a poorly synthesized tale , you 've already had the experience of reading this book . To make matters worse , the quality of writing and tone are comparable to a sixth grade essay along the lines of `` What I Did on My Summer Vacation . `` If you are looking for an interesting book about life as an American in the Caribbean , try Herman Wouk 's semi-fictional `` Do n't Stop the Carnival . ''
 I could n't agree more with the above reviewer . Although the writing style and flow of the book was appealing , the attitude and lack of humility by the authors made it , at times , almost uncomfortable to read . For example , at one point they describe a hurricane that has hit the island and damaged their restaurant and say '' ... you saved the wine cellar , brillant ? Is the wine still in there ? '' Paahleeeze ! The very next sentence tells his employee to go home and clean up his damaged home but to be back ` first thing tomorrow morning with your tools and brothers to clean up his mess ' . Anymore stories of what their personal strife -LRB- enormous shipping fees/taxes and the inconvenience of traveling back and forth from their `` Vermont '' home to pick up expensive materials -RRB- would have been pathetic . If you want to understand and appreciate the island life , do n't buy this book .
 Though the book is well written and easy to read it is somewhat disturbing to hear yet another story of affluent white people taking advantage of the economic disparity between the first and second world.These people move to the Caribean without so much as business plan or any idea of where they will buy their supplies . It all works out for them mostly because they can afford to put $ 250,000 into the venture . How many Anquillians could be much more successful if they had that kind of advantage?Also disturbing is the attitude of the Blanchards towards their new neighbors whom they view as quaint and colorful.These people view Anquilla as a paradise for them and other rich white people and have very little concern for the actual inhabitants of the island - beyond the few locals they patronizingly adopt in order to make themselves feel more connected and therefore more special than regular tourists.When an issue is brought up it is always examined from the point of view of tourists . `` How will ______ effect someone who is trying to enjoy a good novel while relaxing on the beach ? `` If you insist on reading this book please balance out the distorted view by also reading Jamaica Kincaid 's `` A Small Place '' .
 I read the book and found it to be not the story of two people , but the story of one . Apparently , Bob was not interested in writing the book yet his name appears as an author . The book did not appeal to me or my wife who both love the island of Anguilla . - Strike 1 . Despite this , while my wife and I were in Anguilla we decided to try Blanchards . I even brought my book to be signed . -LRB- My book is not signed -RRB- From reading the book , and the reviews from the USA Today , among others , the Blanchards bailed out of `` corporate deal making '' and started a restaurant in Anguilla without any previous restaurant expierence . Upon futher review , this is not the case.Not only did they previously own a restaurant in Telluride , CO , they actually owned one in Anguilla , which they sold.The restaurant , Mangoes , still exists to day.Srike Two.No doubt the cusine and atmosphere are superb . However , the shameless hawking of , son Jessie 's `` upcoming '' artwork is just that , shameless . Art is in the eye of the beholder , so if you go there , like it , and want to buy it contact me and I will get the same for $ 2000 to $ 3600 less.Strike 3 ... Bottomline
 As a quick reading alternative to a romance novel , this book would work . But for a literary experience this book falls short . It is an interesting exercise to read it and figure out why . First , the book has two authors , but only one voice . Melinda Blanchard 's voice dominates the text . During the parts of the story where she is not around , i.e. the parts her husband Bob wrote , her voice becomes omniscient which felt wrong . I would have liked to hear Bob 's voice as a co-author in the book . Second , Melinda tells us what we see instead of showing us the surroundings and everything is either Lush or Luxurious . Perhaps she lost her thesaurus among her imported tropical plants , silver and crystal . Despite a lack of description to center a reader into a place they may never have been and a need to find a synonym for lush , the lightness of the prose fits the airy vacation feel the authors wanted to give to the narrative and it works , for a beach read . What bothered me the most about the book was the prevailing voice of innocence . Not once did a reflective voice step in to deepen the experience based on what she knew now looking back or to provide greater insight or reflection on the coexistence of two different cultures , vastly different socio-economic status or an exploration of if it is even appropriate to try and become a local which would have made their story relevant and interesting . This total lack of reflection lead me to continuously question why she felt the need to tell me this particular anecdote over any of the others she could have chosen ? Was it in some way integral to her learning about the island , culture or restaurant business ? I 'll never know because she never told us and it takes a light airy book and makes it completely frivolous.If a reader has spent any time living on an island and actually immersed in the local culture , then you have met people like the Blanchards . They are the ex-pats who are not there to live life with the locals , but to live life as perpetual tourists on a tropical island . This knowledge will color every single narrative in the book in a negative way.If a reader has no experience with the over privileged western mindset set in a developing country then the book could be an enjoyable moment of escapism for you in the way that a mass market mystery or romance novel provides escape .
 Ok , so maybe there is no `` Princess Bride '' book except this one , if that is the case I will just live without reading it . This was terrible , all chopped up and in the middle of these chapters this guy starts blabbing again about his `` other '' books he 's written . I do n't care ! I got this book to read the story that the movie was based on NOT what thos golman guy thinks is interesting and about his dumb career !
 I find this book quite offensive . Mr. Goldman is certainly not the rediscoverer of Morgenstern 's book , which was never really lost . Rather he has produced a film edited version that is proof that modern publishers and producers have no confidence in the intelligence of their readership . Bypass this abridgement and seek rather for the original masterpiece .
 What a load of garbage . First of all getting though the boring yuck of his life story is just stupid . Then the story , parts are n't half bad . Getting interrupted by his italics was maddening . This book was not worth my money , time or effort . Save yourself !
 This version of The Princess Bride annoyed me in many ways . For instance , William Goldman deleted whole sections of the original story . As if he knew exactly what the reading public wanted to read . I for one , would much rather read an original classic than to read a butched story and spoon fed only selected portions . The title of this book should read `` The Princess Bride as written by S. Morgenstern as destroyed by William Goldman . Shame on you Mr. Goldman for destroying what could have been an enjoyable reading experience with your pointless cuts and intrusive ramblings .
 Goldman is a thief , and I 'll see him in court
 Was looking for the original version that would mirror the movie with a classic feel . This was NOT it . Returned . Disappointed . Ca n't find what I want anywhere . This book has some screen play from another writer inside . Boo !
 I loved the movie , and perhaps it was that that ruined this book for me . I found the fact that he kept pointing out WHERE he was skipping over the princess going over her zillion dresses and whatnot EXCEPTIONALLY dull ... . I know why they left all of that out of the movie , it is boring . I usually keep a hold of all of the books I read . I do n't own this one anymore .
 This has to be one of the most egomanical books I 've ever read . The forced cleverness and side bars are oh-so unnecessary ! Can S. Morgenstern get his head through a door with an ego that big ? I doubt it.A classic ? Hardly . And it is basically a good storyline . It 's such a pity that the author goes off on his self-aggrandizing chatter all the time.Do yourself a favor . Buy the movie ! Peter Falk is worth the price of admission ! Now there is a narrator !
 This book brought tears to my eyes because it was so ... AWFUL !!! I was expecting a nice fairy tale-and instead - I got a boring , stupid book where the author comes in every page and a half talking about how golf was invented then . This book is only , ONLY for people for really , really , really , quirked senses of humor ! If tyhe rating of zero was available I would give the Princess Bride a -3 . Not a worothy book !!!
 This book was an painful experience . I understand that there is no way that I can dissuade an enthusiastic `` Princess Bride '' fan from wanting to delve in further ... but do n't . The only reason I gave the book two stars is because it does have a good story in it - the story in the movie . The rest of the book is just awful.William Goldman 's constant interuptions are more than a nuisance - they take up a good portion of the book . The story does n't even start until around page 40 , because he 's so busy misleading us about the book 's origin . Of course , he does n't get around to that until after discussing -LRB- in detail -RRB- his love of sports , his ADHD , his bout of pneumonia and a number of other completely uninteresting and unrelated made-up details about his life . His story-telling style is almost enough to make you give up long before Buttercup meets Westley in the first place . He rambles ... there is no other way to put it -LRB- well , maybe `` babble '' -RRB- . By the end of the story when you reach `` Buttercup 's Baby , '' you might as well stop , even if you have toughed it out this long . It is more shameless babble about Mr. Goldman , -LRB- the obese son loses weight . Sorry to ruin the suspense , -RRB- followed by a story with more of the plot missing than present.Almost as bad as Mr. Goldman is the way that Buttercup and Westley treat each other in the book . They are completely disrespectful toward one another . They insult each others ' intelligence and talk down to each other -LRB- especially with Buttercup . The author and Westly seem to assume that a beautiful woman would be lacking in brains , in fact , they say so . -RRB- It is really off-putting , and I am more than a little grateful that this part was taken out of the movie.The movie is a real abridgement . It 's an abridgement of the book , and even though much of the movie is word-for-word with the book , it skips all the crap that Goldman insanely thought was adding to it . There is some character development that is missing in the movie , like about Inigo 's father and his training all over the world after Domingo 's death , and even though this is interesting , wading through the asinine dribble just is not worth the effort.I implore you to save yourself the bad experience and just accept that the movie is the best part of the whole venture , and rest easy knowing that you 're not missing anything good .
 The Princess Bride is one of my all time favorite movies , so when I saw the ebook , I got very excited ! Sadly , it was a waste if $ 4 . The narrative was boring and distracting . I tried to force myself to fInish the book , but I just could n't stand to read it anymore .
 I ordered and received a copy of The Princess Bride . It was represented to be a first edition which is why I bought it , yet it was not a first edition . It was published in 2003 . The first edition was published in 1973 , a thirty year difference.It was an excellent copy of a third edition .
 `` I love you , '' Buttercup said . `` I know this must come as something of a surprise , since all I 've ever done is scorn you and degrade you and taunt you , but I have loved you for several hours now , and every second , more . `` Everyone has seen the movie The Princess Bride , and the book version sat on my shelf for about six years before I actually got around to it . I guess I expected I was n't going to enjoy it as much as the movie - and I was correct.The movie is no masterpiece , but who did n't watch it a few hundred times back around 1987 ? My 1987 self thought Westley was perfect , and Buttercup was perfect , and their romance was perfect , and everything about the story was perfect . Many of the scenes and dialogue of the movie are lifted directly from the book.It 's just that I think it works a whole lot better on the screen than on the page.This is a weirdly disjointed book . The author keeps butting in to tell a story about how he first heard the fairytale , and about how it got published . He 's going for a tale within the tale and pretending it 's all true . I think it 's supposed to be funny , but I certainly could n't agree . When the author 's not intruding on the story -LRB- The Boy being told the fairytale worked much better on the screen -RRB- , we 're drifting off for long periods of time in order get the secondary characters ' long-winded backstories.When we 're not being interrupted , we get the adult fairytale you 'd expect . I think the book is a little less child-friendly than I anticipated.Peasant girl Buttercup is growing into the most beautiful woman in the world -LRB- she is , naturally , a fool -RRB- . She 's completely clueless to the world around her until a countess makes a move on the farm boy , Westley -LRB- who 's a bit of a -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Buttercup has a big revelation that she loves Westley , she tells him , and he packs up his things and goes across the sea to make his fortune.However pirates attack Westley 's ship and Buttercup hears the news that he is dead . Prince Humperdinck asks Buttercup to marry him , she agrees , and then Westley returns . Now though , he 's the Dread Pirate Roberts and turns up just in time to rescue Princess Buttercup from a bunch of assassins . And so on . And so on.I do understand that this book is something of a parody of fairytales . The heroine is beautiful and stupid and the hero is a complete -LSB- ... -RSB- who is forgiven for anything and everything because he 's handsome and good at everything he does . It definitely got a few smiles out of me.It 's just that I did n't love it . I 've always had a problem with the scene in the movie where Westley almost backhands Buttercup for not understanding how much he loves her -LRB- because nothing says , `` I love you , '' like a slap in the face -RRB- . But the original scene in the book is worse : `` I have loved more deeply than a killer like you can possibly imagine . `` He slapped her . `` That is the penalty for lying , Highness . Where I come from , when a woman lies she is reprimanded . '' `` But I spoke the truth , I did , I - '' Buttercup saw his hand rise a second time , so she stopped quickly , fell dead silent.Westley is plenty furious that after years of mourning her dead lover , Buttercup has agreed to marry . But apparently he can and will do whatever he wants . His explanation for years of sex with wenches the world over - knowing full well Buttercup is n't dead - is , `` things happened '' . I 'm on Buttercup 's side on this . I mean , five years and the guy could n't pick up a pen -LRB- er , quill -RRB- and paper ?! I really do get that no pirate is going to be celibate or anything , but it was all these little things that made Westley nothing more than an arrogant jerk.I guess the moral of the story is that some things are better left to happy memories of twenty-three years ago . If the book had been less disjointed ; if the characters were n't quite so awful ; hmmm , well there 's a good story in there - it was extracted for the movie - but there 's just too much not to like about this book .
 I went to amazon to find a unabriged copy of the princess bride . The copy I recieved is not unabriged . I found out that amazon dose not have aunabriged fore sale , but if you request it it comes up that they do.So now I am stuck with a book that I do not want and still nedd the book that I do not have .
 I payed over $ 100 bucks for this 24.99 retail book and its spine was broken and pages ready to fall out ... it was suposed to be new , but the crack is right at chapter one . i wish i could return it for a refund , but i need it for a gift tommorow . . i 'll see if there is a book store near by and send it back if i can . i feel like a sucker
 This is one of my FAVORITE stories . . I was very excited to begin reading it , however , I had a very hard time finding where the story began , and HATED all the breaks with ` Goldmans ' comments , pages of them !!!! -LRB- Omitting a lot of background in the story , that i would have found both exciting and interesting -RRB- . I would have like to read the whole story , and will be looking forward to when a full version copy will be available ... Unless I am just missing something and there is n't one ???? I 'm just disappointed . . : -LRB-
 I grew up watching the movie version of the Princess Bride , and loved it . The movie really is a tale of fencing , fighting , love , torture , courage , cowards and heroes.BUT . . then I read this book . My main emotion on finishing it was `` Yuck ! '' Morgenstern 's characters are unstable and timid ; Wesley is portrayed as the village idiot , and Buttercup is scarcely more intelligent . The whole story is , well , gross . Not in a Lord-of-the-Rings forces of darkness way , more in a little-kid 's - nightmare way . If you liked the movie because it is a ripping yarn , a fun good old-fashioned story of true love and high adventure , do n't read this book.That 's just Morgenstern 's text , though . William Goldman . . all throughout the book , the story is interrupted by long , pointless stories about his dysfunctional family , obese son and personal insecurites . At the bleak and foreboding conclusion , he closes with a lot of shallow and rambling philosophy on life and injustice.So , if you enjoyed the movie and want the other side of the story , ye be fairly warned .
 The movie `` The Princess Bride '' is a glorious adventure of love and hatred , passion and revenge , and the devotion to them that brings happiness a superb romantic tale , beautifully filmed with lovely settings . The screenplay was occasionally confusing because of unintelligible references . -LRB- The drunken Spaniard 's anomalous line `` back to the beginning ; I am waiting for Vizzini '' , the sudden appearance of a holocaust cloak at the crucial moment , the albino 's wheelbarrow -LSB- `` over the albino , I think '' but it never was -RSB- , and the convenient , but meaningless , introduction of four white horses at the very end , all hang in the air . -RRB- Goldman 's screenwriting is not all brilliance.The only thing to be said for the book is that the anomalies in the film are explained in it . Everything else is total confusion . Goldman invents a spurious author for the book , H. Morgenstern , and a spurious Morgenstern museum , in a spurious country -LRB- Florin -RRB- , with a spurious language -LRB- `` Florinese '' -RRB- , and gives himself a troublesome wife and child -LRB- which he never had in reality -RRB- , and ridicules them all on every annoying interpolation of them into the tale . The story is bracketed by prefaces to editions that never existed , and interrupted by explanations of cuts made from a novel that never was , all intended to keep the reader mentally off-base . It all makes the story look silly , Morgenstern verbose and boring , the museum curators gratuitously snotty , Goldman 's family annoying , and Goldman himself seem a self-absorbed , super-annuated cynic . Many writers have invented fictional sources for their fictional tales -LRB- Tolkien 's `` Red Book of Westmarch , for instance -RRB- , but you always know when their tongue is in their cheek ; Goldman 's slips in and out so subtly you never know where you are . -LRB- This will happen when you give someone the raspberry . -RRB- And the switches are obviously a deliberate attempt to deceive the reader . Fiction may not be literal truth , but it is not deliberate deception either . This book is . It is literary fraud.Why did he do this ? First , Goldman seems to get an ego trip by playing with his audience 's heads . Most of the people who posted five-star reviews on this website appartently had no idea they had been gulled , and I suppose Goldman sits back in his overstuffed chair giggling at how clever he was to dupe the people who paid him so much money . Obviously , his is an ego that needs some boosting , and Goldman must find it where he can.More important , I think , he felt he had to save face . For the film , he had composed an enthralling story of love and revenge , and people might think he was -LRB- God forbid ! -RRB- a Romantic himself . So unsophisticated ! and in the 1970s yet ! So when it came to making a book from the film , he invented a fictitious author -LRB- modelled , obviously , on writers like Scott and Dumas -RRB- , and a `` real world '' life of his own , and larded his heroic story with cheap shots at his straw men , with the dialog dumbed down to show he is a folksey guy and the romanticism slandered to show he is culturally up-to-date . He used his own beautiful romantic story to lampoon the very romanticism that allowed him to tell it and sell it , and to denigrate the people who loved it . If he had a microgram of intellectual integrity , he would have written either a straightforward book for the millions who loved the movie -LRB- instead of trying to undercut their positive emotional response to it -RRB- , or else a straightforward exposition of his own views on romanticism . But his lampoon is despicable.We all appreciate love and courage and devotion and gallantry . We may not always find ourselves doing it , but we always find ourselves respecting it when we see it . We do see it , sometimes , in a book or film , and perhaps occasionally in the real world which is a good thing , because there 's a little Buttercup-seed in us all , and it needs all the water it can get . We would like to be better people than we are , and seize any model we find . This is not something to sneer at or make fun of!In the movie , Goldman gave the seed water ; in the book , weed-killer . But poor Goldman . The water worked and the weed-killer did n't . The American public will forever love his romantic movie , but the only ones who praise his anti-Romantic book are the ones who missed the point . The cynicism of his hypocritical book was intended to kill the romanticism roused by his movie , but the book was slain instead . But you can not kill the movie `` not with a thousand spears ! ''
 its soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo boring i almost fell asleep
 The Princess Bride is a terrible book because it has no point ! If you have seen the movie and decide to read the book because you liked the movie , * THINK AGAIN * ! This book is pointless ! The author claims that he rewrote the book , author constantly interupts the book and talks about how golf was invented in scotland . I would seriously advise you not to read this book !
 I loved the movie and the book for many years . However , I recently spent a vacation in Florin where I was given the priveledge of reading the full story . I tried the other night to read my old copy and have found the abridgement , as well as the commentary , annoying instead of wonderful , like previously thought . If you do get the book , make sure it is the original . It is so much better .
 This is one of the worst books I have ever read . I loved the movie and thought that the book would be better , but I was seriously wrong . When they mean the abridged version , they were not kidding . I was informed that the original story is close to 1,000 pages and this book is probably less than 300 pages if you got rid of the author 's commentary which hinders the story most of the time . The author took so much away from the book when he abridged it that I felt disappointed when I finished the book . I would never have bought the book if I knew that was how it was going to be . If you want to read the Princess Bride , try getting the original by S. Morgenstern .
 I am appalled that starting with the title - `` A Hot Fairy Tale '' - was included . I am also appalled that this book has been okayed for children to read when the publishers have included in the introduction that there is a Little Sex in the story when there is none . It is misleading information such as this that has ruined this book as well as others by not allowing Junior High students to be able to read it .
 Yes , I realize I 'm goring a sacred cow here . -LRB- There are readers who not only love this book -- they LUV this book . -RRB- Yet this self-proclaimed `` classic '' completely disappointed me ; I was expecting biting satire and keen wit ; obviously , when it comes to William Goldman 's THE PRINCESS BRIDE , I had set my expectations far too high.Look , I get it
 This one is so hard for me to review . This is one of my favorite stories of all time , but it 's not the book that I 'm in love with . It 's the movie . I am utterly obsessed with the film adaptation of this novel . The novel itself , however , is just not my favorite . I want to like it . I truly do . But I just ca n't . It is too long and drawn out and the characters just get confusing . The story really needed to be pared down a little more before being published in my opinion . I 'm so sad to give this a negative review , but I feel like I just have to . I really did n't enjoy the novel at all . But I HIGHLY recommend the movie !!! : -RRB-
 I have to say I 'm a bit disappointed by the book . I saw the movie first and then read the book . The fact that he jumps in all the time with this fake back story really bugs me , as well as a lot of continuity errors . I loved the movie , it 's definitely one of the best of all time . Do yourself a favor and do n't read the book , just watch the movie . -LRB- It 's MILES better -RRB-
 Very , very , very few movies are better than the book . Having watched The Princess Bride approximately 546 times , I thought it was high time to read the actual book . I thought it was high time to read the actual book . A few years I go , I took the leap and assumed , of course , it would be just as riveting.It is still inconceivable to me that the book was such a far cry from the magic of the movie . After I finished reading it , I almost cried . No , wait , I actually did cry.The book and film essentially tell the same storyline . The author writes two stories in one ; one tale is a archetypal fairy tale adventure , the other one is a contemporary story of how such timeless fantasies keep us spellbound , no matter our age , location or shoe size.The Princess Bride has includes so many themes it 's hard to keep up , but that 's part of the adventure . True Love , Revenge , Giants , Poison , Brave Men , Beautiful Women , Rodents , Torture.Let me sum up . Princess Buttercup and servant boy Wesley embark upon a true love story . Life circumstances initially draw them apart , yet ultimately they come together in fairy-tale romance style through a series of clever trials and tribulations . Inigo Montoya and Prince Humperdinck excel as supporting antagonist characters , contributing to the witty banter that ensues throughout the movie and film.Things happen along the way . Miracle Max comes to the rescue to revive Wesley after he is tortured and supposedly dead . Ant then finally , Buttercup and Wesley are reunited because nothing can stop True Love.Essentially , the plot and themes of the book and movie are the same . What I could not cope with was Goldman 's use of the fictional tale of the author . Yes , those parts were italicized , but if I wanted to go from one `` scene '' to the next , I had to wade through 50 pages just to get there . Major detraction . The only stylistic credit I 'll give to Goldman is his masterful use of the run-on sentence.Come to think of it , I think I 'll do a review soon that is a 500-word run-on sentence and see if anyone notices.No , reading The Princess Bride did n't put me off books forever . It just reminded me that I had to go back to the beginning.Check out my other reviews at
 THIS IS AN EDITED VERSION WHICH I GUESS I WAS N'T AWARE OF . I DO N'T MIND THAT THIS EDITOR IS TRYING TO SAVE YOU FROM READING PARTS OF THE BOOK HE FOUND BORING BUT I WOULD HAVE LIKED TO HAVE READ THEM . READING THIS BOOK IS JUST LIKE WATCHING THE MOVIE . THIS MAN IS THE SAME MAN THAT WROTE THE SCREEN PLAY FOR THE MOVIE SO ALL THE THINGS HE FOUND INTERESTING ENOUGH TO PUT IN THE MVIE ARE ALSO LEFT IN THE BOOK . EVERYHING ELSE HAS BEEN REMOVED . HE 'S ALSO A SPOILER . IF YOU 'RE READING THIS BOOK AND DO N'T ALREADY KNOW THE STORY YOU WILL NEED TO SKIP ALL THE INTERUPTED EDITOR NOTES THROUGH OUT THE BOOK . HE TELLS YOU A LOT OF WHAT IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN INSTEAD OF YOU READ IT FIRST THEN DESCUSS IT . I OVEER ALL THOUGH THE BOOK WAS GOOD BUT ONLY THE ORGINAL PARTS THAT MORGENSTERN WROTE HIMSELF . MY ADVICE IS TO GET ANOTHER COPY OF JUST THE ORGINAL , NO THIS ONE .
 This book not only deserves 0 stars ... IT DESERVES NEGATIVE INFINITY STARS ! This book is the absolute worst book I have ever read ! -LRB- Just for your reference ... there is NO love and NO high adventure in this book ! -RRB- It only has stupid interuptions from the author . There is only one good thing about this book
 I bought this book based on my love of the movie and universal raves from everyone . I have n't been this disappointed since I bought The Natural , -LRB- another screenplay that out did the original -RRB- . William Goldman wrote the screenplay so I have no fault with him but where the movie was sharp and crisp , the book was too wordy , and -LRB- apparently only to me -RRB- lacking in virtually all I found romantic and exciting in my pre-reading the book experiences of The Princess Bride . I 'm sure no one will find this review helpful but atleast I know that Mr Goldman can write a damn good screenplay from a subpar original story .
 OK , so am I the only one who 's actually been to Florin ? It 's a lovely country with the most beautiful women in the whole world.If you are ever there , go to the library and check out Morgenstern 's original . Since every Florinese person has read the book hundreds of times there are a ton of copies at the library and you can always get one . Unfortunately , there 's not enough demand in the US so they wo n't export it . The original is SOOO much better . Goldman seems to think he has all the answers to what 's good and what is n't . The long section of all the festivities before the wedding is dripping with sarcasm and hilarity and yet Goldman feels we Americans ca n't read it because we 'd be bored . Well boo on Goldman ! I loved that chapter!Anyway , the original would get 5 stars if they 'd ever export it to the US . Save yourself the anguish in this shameless abridgment and spend a few hundred dollars and fly to Florin , you 'll thank me later .
 The `` Princess '' is Buttercup , a beautiful young girl who lives with her parents on a farm in the fictitious country of Florin , where old Lotharon and Bella are King and Queen . She falls in love with her family 's `` Farm Boy '' named Westley , who also adores her . He then leaves to seek his fortune in America so they can marry , but she later receives word that his ship is attacked at sea by the Dread Pirate Roberts and assumes that Westley is dead . After several years , Buttercup agrees to marry the evil Prince Humperdinck , the heir to the throne of Florin . But before the wedding , Buttercup is kidnapped by a trio of outlaws , the Sicilian criminal genius Vizzini , the Spanish fencing master Inigo Montoya , and the giant Turkish wrestler Fezzik . However , a masked `` Man in Black '' follows them up the Cliffs of Insanity . In the ensuing battles , Inigo and Fezzik are defeated and Vizzini is killed . But why was Buttercup kidnapped in the first place ? Who is this mysterious `` Man in Black '' and what are his plans ? And will the Prince ever find Buttercup to marry her?This fantasy novel , combining elements of comedy , adventure , romance , satire , and fairy tale , is said to be a spoof of swashbuckler movies . Author William Goldman is primarily a Hollywood screenwriter who is best known for Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and All the President 's Men . Several years ago , some friends of ours brought us the 1987 film by Rob Reiner that is based on the book , and except for one little scene through which they fast forwarded , I think because of the language , we enjoyed the movie , and I have always wanted to read the book . The plot of the novel is sometimes a little confusing with all the flashbacks , sub-plots , and Goldman 's `` commentary '' asides . In this respect , the movie is perhaps a little easier to understand than the book because the former follows the action more directly . It would appear that Goldman is a much better screenwriter than he is a novelist . The Princess Bride is presented as Goldman 's abridgment of an older version by `` S. Morgenstern '' , which was originally supposed to be a satire of the excesses of European royalty but is in fact entirely Goldman 's work . Both Morgenstern and the `` original version '' are fictional and used as a literary device . Goldman 's personal life , as described in the introduction and commentary of the novel , is also fictional.The basic theme of the book seems to be that `` life is n't fair , '' and the narrative sometimes tends towards `` absurdism , '' a form of literature which has never really interested me . There is a great deal of bad language in the book , more than I remember in the film , with cursing -LRB- the `` h '' and `` d '' words appear occasionally -RRB- , profanity -LRB- the terms God and Jesus are frequently used as interjections -RRB- , and assorted crudities -LRB- such as calling someone an a ** hole and a `` son of a b **** , as well as even using the `` s '' word once -- by a kid , no less -RRB- . I guess that it does n't surprise me that a modern Hollywood screenwriter would do this and somehow consider his work as `` a traditional piece of children 's literature . '' Uh , I 'm sorry , but I can not recommend the book for children . In addition to the language , there are scenes of heavy drinking and drunkenness , and at least a couple of threats of suicide . Children can read about how `` life is n't fair '' without all that baggage . The latest edition also contains the purported abridgement of the first chapter of the sequel , Buttercup 's Baby . At the end are some `` Questions and topics for discussion , '' but honestly , even though there is an interesting story hidden in there somewhere , I really do n't see anything that is actually worth discussing .
 I am glad I checked it out of the library and did not pay for . I read the abridged version , but really do n't think it made a difference . The book was choppy , but long at the same time . This version used so much of the book 's pages to self promote Goldman -LRB- I skipped most of it -RRB- and his new Buttercup 's Baby . I agree with the others , watch to movie , do n't read the book . It 's a waste of time .
 I like the book better than the movie personaly , because the book has such things as Zoo-of-Death . The albino in the moive the got clubbed over the head and did nothen else , but in the book the albino showed them the way and gave them his wheelbarolw . the only good part of the movie i though was that the maricle man was played by Billy Crystal , and his wife -LRB- The witch -RRB- was really really scary looking . On the cliffs of insanity the horses were n't white like they were suppose to be and Prince Humperdink was n't a big masculine guy like in the book he was and could switch horses wile he was riding so no one horse had to bear all of his weight all the way through the ride . In the movie the albino was pushing a `` hand-cart '' , wile in the book he had a `` Wheelbarrol '' . Again i felt that the book was ALOT better than the movie . In the movie Westly was n't very well played amd look alittle `` odd '' .
 I had such high hopes . I love to read and had never gotten to the book after enjoying the movie repeatedly for so many years . Except for the middle of the book which has the actual story that was used for the movie , it 's all BS . A bunch of stuff that means nothing . It does n't even set up the story like another more favorable reviewer said . It is just a huge waste of time . And though I love to read , I do read slow and I felt like this author was just playing a big trick on me . So kudos for the part that was an actual story . Big fat boos to the rest of it .
 The book was in great shape when I recieved it . The only problem was it was a little late . It took about 13 days to recieve it . Otherwise , it was in good shape .
 I feel very cold towards Mr. Goldman , because now that he 's made the abridgement , I ca n't seem to find an original copy anywhere , and most of the information he left out could have been very important to me . Even if he cut down 1,000 pages to 300 , he left out some parts I would have enjoyed reading , for example , I am interested in medieval etiquette , and can rarely find that without at least one hundred pages I 'm not interested in .
 W. Goldman has abridged this classic by omitting over 100 pages of the original . If anyone has an available copy of the original by S. Morgenstern or knows somewhere to get it please email me !!! I would be much abliged . Thank You Very Much !
 I was expecting to read the book `` The Princess Bride '' , not visit some egomaniac 's playground.I did n't know I would have to wade thru -LRB- actually , skip over ... -RRB- nearly 100 pages of `` foreword '' to even GET to the book , & then dodge all the `` excerpt '' explanations . Which , by the way , do n't help , all they do is interrupt the flow.No , I 'm not a `` movie '' type of person , I would much rather read a book than watch a movie . But in this instance I will make an exception , watch the film & forget the book ...
 I like the book better than the movie personaly , because the book has such things as Zoo-of-Death . The albino in the moive the got clubbed over the head and did nothen else , but in the book the albino showed them the way and gave them his wheelbarolw . the only good part of the movie i though was that the maricle man was played by Billy Crystal , and his wife -LRB- The witch -RRB- was really really scary looking . On the cliffs of insanity the horses were n't white like they were suppose to be and Prince Humperdink was n't a big masculine guy like in the book he was and could switch horses wile he was riding so no one horse had to bear all of his weight all the way through the ride . In the movie the albino was pushing a `` hand-cart '' , wile in the book he had a `` Wheelbarrol '' . Again i felt that the book was ALOT better than the movie . In the movie Westly was n't very well played amd look alittle `` odd '' .
 This was a story about a story ; however , both present and the past were not consistent . I do n't understand the high ratings . I never saw the movie and did n't like the missing parts of the present author . The fairy tale had too many happy endings and the very end was very confusing .
 I love &#34; The Princess Bride &#34; as a movie , so I thought I 'd like the book . I was so wrong.I slogged through it , hoping it might get better , and was disappointed the whole way through . Maybe someone else might find its sexist tone ironic or funny . I found it distasteful .
 I 'm a reader , first and foremost , and in general , I prefer books to movies . In this case , I prefer the movie . I tried very hard to like this book . Very hard . And I honestly was able to make it through 8 chapters before throwing in the towel and considering it a lost cause.Make no mistake ; the writing was excellent , the humor quite dry and witty ... but it was n't what I 'd thought I 'd be reading . I picked it up thinking it would be a fun , action packed , fantasy adventure . What I read was the whining and moaning of a middle aged yuppie from the 80 's interspersed with brief bursts of actual plot.Satirical social commentary is all well and good ; in fact , I generally enjoy it . However , in this case , I felt betrayed . I 've watched ` The Princess Bride ' 50 some odd times since I was a child . I can quote whole scenes with the geekiest of geeks . I 'm a fan . But the book is something altogether different . While well written and certainly quite good for what it actually is , which is mainstream fiction , it 's not to my taste at all.Regardless of what anyone else says , not everyone likes mainstream fiction ; it 's a bit of a dirty word in my house . I 've tried several times in the past to read `` best sellers '' and `` book club picks '' but ca n't get beyond the first few chapters before being bored out of my mind . Give me a Romance novel , a Fantasy novel or even a Manga and I 'll be entertained for several hours . Even mainstream works from the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's will tide me over to a degree . And I read Fan Fiction voraciously.Yes . I am a weird geek . I have no qualms about admitting that I prefer Star Trek to Friends and Jayne Ann Krentz to Dan Brown.This has not been the only book I 've read after watching the movie where the literary roots bear little resemblance to the popular movie . ` Howl 's Moving Castle ' was done by Studio Ghibli in 2004 and I fell in love with it instantly . When I read the book , by Diana Wynne Jones , in 2007 I found they were two completely different animals ; it 's barely the same story . However , the story Jones told was also something I enjoyed.Goldman 's ` Princess Bride ' was as fun for me as ... reading the collected works of Shakespeare , Walt Whitman or e. e. cummings might be for other people . In other words , a bit too dry , a bit too boring and not really all that much fun.To sum up , ` The Princess Bride ' was a wonderful movie which I still love . The book was well written and quite funny for a satire written from the perspective of an aging yuppie contemplating a midlife crisis ; but it was n't what I was expecting and I felt betrayed and disappointed .
 I LOVED the movie , but did n't like the book much . I read the book several years ago and would n't waste my time on reading it again ! The writer makes Buttercup sooooooo stupid that it was really annoying . There are only a couple movies where I would say the movie is way better than the book , this one and Forrest Gump ! Do n't waste your time on it there are many other great books out there to read .
 The story was great . I would give it a five star rating . But it was abridged , and the abridger tried to make the book his own . He kept poping in here and there throughout the book to explain why he cut certain parts of the story . But the worst part was that he was also telling his own story at the same time . He claimed that his father read The Princess Bride to him whenever he was sick . Anyone who has watched the movie will immediately see that his story is the same exact one as the boy in the movie 's story . Even most of the dialogue is copied from the movie . Another thing the abridger did was tell the story how his father read it to him , which was wrong most of the time , and then explain why his father told it that way , and then he would put the correct version in . It got very confusing . I did not enjoy this book that much . Keep your money and buy an unabridged version .
 Firstly , I would just like to make it clear that there is NO S. Morgenstern . He is not real , and the pretence that he is is what ruins this otherwise marvelous book . The story itself is magnificent , and could become a classic . However , the wonders of the story are destroyed by Goldman 's gimmick -LRB- and by destroyed , I mean beaten bludgeoned stabbed strangled run through a shredding machine chewed up into nasty wet clumps and spat into a volcano that a meteor is about to hit -RRB- . For some unfathomable reason , Goldman made up the gimmicky idea that this was an abridged version of an existing tale , and instead of just abridging it , he rambles on and on . Some of the interuptions are amusing -LRB- mostly the ones in the film -RRB- , but there are places where he will interupt and go of on tangeants for several pages . Worst of all , though , is the opening . As if the constant interuptions were n't bad enough -LRB- a pity ; the story itself has a wonderful flow -RRB- , he starts of the book with 30 pages of him rambling and insulting his wife and kid . 30 pages ! If Morgenstern were real , then I do n't think his ramblings could have been any worse than Goldman 's . Actually , the worst is the ending . I know the book should be cynical , but jeez!It 's sad , really , that this great story is so frequently interrupted by the author , just so he can tell you what making Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid was like.I rarely say this , but the movie is better . On their own grounds , the stories are farely equal , and basically the same . The movie suceeds though , by leaving Goldman 's interludes out , and it deserves to be the classic that the book is n't . Oh , and do n't feel that the movie is a blasphemy towards the source material . Goldman wrote the screenplay .
 Oh man , was I disappointed when I received this . First of all , the author who has abridged the story will not shut up during the story telling , he 's constantly interrupting with his comments , that , while vaguely amusing about ten percent of the time , are just rude interruptions in a story . I , for one of the first times in my life , prefer the movie over the book . If only I could rip out the portions where the abridging author interrupts the original author and have that abridged uninterrupted version , then I would be happy .
 William Goldman did way better with the screenplay for the movie . This book was actually pretty bad except for die-hard fans of the movie , who might want to see where movie came from . It 's hard to believe the same man wrote both the book and the screen play .
 While reading the book , I thought Goldman was editing a book previously written by Morgenstern . I later learned that Morgenstern never existed . Goldman used this as a device . My comments below were my reactions to the book when I was ignorant of the facts and believed what I was reading.Too frequently the author Goldman described why he omitted various pages of Morgenstern 's work , and that other things he kept were in Morgenstern 's original words . Goldman 's comments about what he edited took me out of the story too much . The characters , plot , and action were interesting , but Morgenstern 's writing style was tedious.There were a few clever lines that had me chuckling . Readers who love action , adventure and heroes with amazing powers will probably like this story more than I did . The ideas were creative and fun.At the end of this book , Goldman edits the first chapter of a second Morgenstern book called `` Buttercup 's Baby . '' That chapter provides more details for the ending of `` The Princess Bride '' which is nice , but it also leaves the reader hanging because it starts a new story with unanswered questions . The writing of this chapter was not done chronologically which was confusing and made the story less enjoyable . -LRB- According to Wikipedia , Goldman never finished or published the Buttercup 's Baby story . -RRB- DATA : Sexual language
 The actual book is good , but I think the abridgement leaves out too much . I understood what was going on , but the book could have been much more interesting if few or no passages were removed .
 I loved the princess bride . I liked the movie and I own the book . I loved the book so much I got it on my kindle too . But , being the idiot that I am , I did n't look at the authors name . So I started reading it and found this guys biography . Well fine , I thought , just a little authors note , so I just skipped past it . I read on . Suddenly I found an APOLOGY for the little notes found in the parentheses . I knew the original . I knew these notes were more then authors note , it is this guys personal biography written into the story ! I think it absolutely ruins the story . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because it is such a great story .
 If you love the movie , do n't bother reading the book . While I did like that it adds more of a plot to the movie , it is so painful to read that I 've actually tried to finish it about six times and have never succeeded . First off , the author uses italics and parentheses in every other sentence , which gets to be really annoying after the first few pages . And not only that but they do n't actually give any important information . For instance the author will write about Buttercup styling her hair and he 'll write something like ` then Buttercup looked in the mirror -LRB- this was after mirrors were invented -RRB- and let her hair dry -LRB- this was before hair dryers were invented -RRB- . ' It does that through the entire book , no matter what the situation !!!! Then the clincher , which is when I usually stop reading , is when Westley slaps Buttercup ! If you remember in the movie he almost slaps her and then he says how it was a warning ... well in the book he actually does it . How very unromantic . I love the movie and hate the book .
 I 've read many good reviews for this book , so naturally , I had to see for myself how good it was . Well , I was disappointed . This book is definitely for very very very young kids . In fact , it may even bore some of the fantasy loving kids out there in the world . I liked the character of Westley , but I did n't really liked any of the other characters all that much . Overall , big big disappointment .
 Given all the rave reviews , I feel the need to register a dissenting opinion . I found this book mean-spirited , misogynist , and tiresome . Not funny . Searingly dull in parts.This is the only case I can think of in which I read a book , then saw the movie based on it , and liked the movie better . The movie is cute and funny . -LRB- Actually , I 'm surprised that I ever went to see the movie , given that I loathed the book so deeply . -RRB- Anyway , if you do n't like this book , you do n't need to feel like a freak
 I was very disappointed in this book . William Goldman totally ruined it for me . He opens with 31 pages of a long , boring , rambling , collection of his comments about the Princess Bride story . Additionally he gives a page of his ridiculous comments at the beginning of each chapter . He really ruined the story of the Princess Bride for me . I would never have bought this book if I had known this edition was about William Goldman and The Princess Bride is treated as a side story .
 The Princess Bride ... . I use to love watching this movie as a little girl and still do now that I 'm an adult . I believe that Westley began my dreams of my knight in shining armor -- or rather my man in black in this case . His love affair with Buttercup -LRB- what a stupid name btw -RRB- was the foundation that set the standards in my mind . So , I sat down to read it with a smile on my face and skip in my heart . It started out with page after page of some man droning on about his life -LRB- Goldman , I guess -RRB- . After it boring me to the point of leaving the book on my chair while I found something more useful to do with my time , I eventually came back to it and skipped until he finally got to the story . It started off unlike the movie , with ramblings about everything under the sun that happened the year Buttercup was born and then throughout her teenage years . I would like to point out that these ramblings had absolutely nothing to do with Buttercup or the story in general . It was crap about Duchesses and other various beautiful women ... blah , blah . I heaved an enormous sigh when we finally got to the `` as you wish '' section -LRB- I SO love that -RRB- . It did n't go quite the same either . So then there was more blah , blah about various crap then comes the part that made my heart dropped down to my feet . Buttercup realizes she loves Westley so she runs to his little hovel and confesses her love and what does he do Princess-Bride-Fans ?? Take her in his arms and profess his undying love in the most romantic scene known to man ? NO !! Without a word , he slams the door in her face and later comes to her and tells her he 's leaving so he can make a life for them ... . uh , huh , yeah seriously!Then , comes his death and then Humperdink and thank God the whole scene with the Sicilian , the Turk , and the Spaniard was pretty much the same . But the worst has yet to come . When Westley finally takes Buttercup and kills the Sicilian ... . Ugh ! I do n't even want to say it ! He slaps Buttercup . No , does n't just pretend like he 's going to slap her like he did in the movie . He straight up slaps her in the face and then threatens to do it again . Oh and I 'm not done ! After she realizes it 's Westley , every word that comes out of her mouth is completely ignorant , as if she were the dumbest woman on the planet and ... AND ... . Westley makes fun of her and insults her continually !!!! I think it 's needless to say that this time I put the book down and did not pick it back up except when it was time to return it !
 I know many people will terrorize our neighborhoods for saying this , but it was n't the number one book we have ever read . Sure it was okay but it was predictable and shallow . The characters were n't endearing . So we could care less about them.This book is a mockery of romance , adventure and drama . But if you like parodies you have our blessing dive right in . Do n't waste your money , borrow it .
 I just purchased the Kindle edition of the book . Unfortunately , it is in Amazon 's execrable `` Topaz '' format , which means that it essentially looks like an ugly , pixellated scan of a paperback . No antialiasing , no font smoothing , and terribly , hideously ugly.In other words , avoid the Kindle Edition of this book as if it had head lice , and the head lice were themselves infested with fleas that carried the bubonic plague and which , after giving you the plague , jumped into your food and pooped on it .
 Usually when I read the book a movie is based on , I like the book better . Occasionally , I 'll prefer the movie , but never before have I so loved a movie and so hated the book ! The REALLY `` good parts '' made it into the movieThe Princess Bride ; what was left out ranged from unnecessary padding to total dreck!From the stomach-churningly creepy , seemingly never-ending frame story to the charming finale
 This book is entirely different than what i watched the movie yet honestly i read this book and i didnt like it .
 Who knew the movie is sooooooo much better than this book . I was sadly disappointed when I read it . It does resemble the movie , but I actually skipped over the parts where Goldman digresses when telling the tale . It was not the same way Peter Falk digressed , and for this reason , the print version left me cold . I know some of the reviews loved it , check and you will see others feel like I do . If I read this book first , I doubt if I would see the movie . So , for those of you who have not read book or seen the wonderful movie , skip the book , rent the flick .
 I hesitate to write negative reviews because I always suspect that the errors I find are my own misunderstandings . In this case I felt COMPELLED to write one . I bought this book wanting it to be great and having high expectations based on the reviews I read . I doubt many of the reviewers OR the EDITORS read this book very closely . There are so many mistakes -LRB- small and large -RRB- and examples which flat out DO N'T WORK , that the book has almost driven me mad . I 've wasted HOURS trying to get things to work the way the authors described . The errata posted on the oreilly.com site lists maybe 1/4 of the errors . There is ONE posted review on Amazon.com which took notice of this , but all of the others seem to miss it completely . Kudos to Raymond Smith!Two perfect examples -LRB- in case you want to save yourself a few hours of struggle -RRB- :1 . The Invoice Finder tutorial on page 372 simply does n't work using the `` minimum amount '' field as they describe . It will work using the date range criterion , but when you add the minimum amount match , it fails . I built a file following along with the text and thought it was MY file that was broken . Then I tried the files supplied with the Missing Manual `` CD '' . The authors ' files do n't work either . They SEEM to work with the data already in them , but if you add an invoice , it does n't work . And if you simply open the `` options ... '' definition of the Total Due field on the `` Invoices '' table , then OK the dialog box , all the existing data fails as well . It must be some kind of indexing problem , but the fact that it slipped by the editors is almost impossible to believe .2 . The Repeating Fields for Multiple Results on page 417 is totally wrong . The formula they supply will not work at all , and in fact , unless the `` Price '' field is a repeating field as well -LRB- which they do n't mention at all -RRB- , you ca n't do any calculations using the `` Get -LRB- CalculationRepetitionNumber -RRB- '' that will work the way they describe . Not to mention the fact that in the second mention of the calculation they call it `` Get -LRB- CalculatedRepetitionNumber -RRB- '' which is wrong and wo n't even take . The text suggests that you `` test this calculation with a few numbers '' , but I doubt that any editor tried it . AND THIS IS LISTED IN A POWER USERS ' CLINIC.I do n't know if this is an author problem or an editor problem , but either way , it is a REAL problem for readers.What a disappointment and a waste of many hours ... Do n't listen to the majority of reviews on this book . They have clearly come from people who read it but were not actually trying to learn from the DOING the examples in the text . The book is written in a friendly easy style , but there are too many errors to make it valuable . And it 's been out for TOO long for these things not to be listed in an available errata or supplement .
 I was disappointed by this book , especially considering the high reviews that it has received . I would consider myself an advanced computer user and intermediate in working with programs like FileMaker . -LRB- Though database programs I have used before have had less features -RRB- . This book uses an example of building a database throughout the book that involves customers and invoices , etc. . The problem is that in later chapters the ongoing example database begins to interfere with the presentation of the material . If you have the time to work through the example database in detail -LRB- for a few hundred pages + -RRB- you might have a decent understanding of Filemaker-at least within the context of the example . Or if you have that kind of time , you might just want to take a class . I started with the beginning of the book when I began to build my database -LRB- which does not involve customers and invoices -RRB- . After doing the initial planning/building work , I tried to skip to other parts of the book that were relevent to what I needed to do . Unfortunately , most of the descriptions are based on the original example -- this made it difficult to apply the information to my own project . If the functions had been just described clearly at the beginning of each section , without relying on the example it would have been much better . There are a few mistakes as well-small but they cost me a bit of time . E.g. , the book states that the `` missing fields '' problem can be fixed by changing a setting in preferences . This is not necessarily right -- in my case it turned out to be a layout issue . I 've had better results with trial and error than on relying on most of the book . Also , the language is not as clear as it could be , and precision is important in a book like this , especially for those of us who are not advanced users . Most importantly , I would have preferred a book with more straightforward descriptions and instructions .
 Touted as the `` missing manual '' I was expecting good guidance on concrete applications . I bought the software with the primary intent of converting various large Excel files into a database . The manual is large on theory and small on concrete help . My efforts to convert Excel files failed so often that I finally gave up trying . The book was of no help .
 The biggest problem with this book is that it is written for version 4.0 . Because of all the changes that were made to version 4.5 , especially in the area of Internet connectivity , this book is not all that helpful and I wasted my money on it .
 Save your money for something worthwhile . The book reads like a warning label . Half the book tells you not to adjust the settings . If your buying the book to learn how to configure MBSBS you will be very disappointed .
 If you are looking for some insights into the details of SBS you need to look elsewhere . They spend more time telling you not to change a particular setting instead of explaining the setting .
 If you expect this book to explain what the software documentation does n't , forget it . This book gives no more information than does the Start Here Manual and the Online Guide included with Small Business Server . This book just uses three times as many words . Small Business Server does not live up to its promise of ease of setup and ease of use , nor is this book of any help .
 Well , in one stroke of his pen , Van belle has lowered the bar for political writing everywhere . Vanbelle sent the foreign policy establishment in a stir earlier this year w / his publication of press yaddah yaddah ... The impact of this book could be felt in toilet stalls around the globe as veterans of the beltway summarily wiped themselves and then proceeded to flush . From the compelling thesis which reconfirms the groundbreaking work of little known tautology expert Raymond Nixon circa 1960 , to the novel 's anticlimactic finish , one ca n't help but get goosebumps in awe of van belle 's intellectual prowess . Those seven years of undergraduate work really paid off ! I do n't know where van belle gets his drugs from but I 'd really like to get the name of his dealer .
 I found this book to be about as informative as a cereal box label . No , scratch that -- a cereal box label has much more in-depth analysis . Are there any original , thought-provoking ideas in this work ? The answer
 I really did n't like the hero . He was shallow and his artistic desire to paint the perfect naked botticelli venus was lame . That he would trick someone to marry him just so he could paint her naked in a painting of other nude women he has slept with was disgusting . I hate how the author tried to make this seem OK because it is art .
 The Day Lincoln Was Shot is , in fact , about the entire day of Lincoln 's death . If you decide to pick up this book make sure you set aside a lot of time and anything else you could be doing . This book is a very detailed hour by hour account of the day Lincoln was murdered . I do give the author credit for being historically accurate . Although it was accurate , this book did not have the ability to capture and hold on to my attention . The plot was pretty straight forward and I felt as though i was reading something straight out of a history book plus what 's inbetween the lines . Mr.Bishop did make a good effort and put alot of time into this book judging by how detailed it is . The level of detail however , was my biggest problem with this book . I understand that Lincoln got shot and it was tragic but I do n't need to know his murderer 's every action throughout the day to get to where he was when he shot Lincoln.In conclusion , reading this book was comparable only to cruel and unusual punishment and I can only hope to never read anything this horrible ever again .
 This was a great book in its time . It helped introduce me to SCSI , and I learned a lot from it . Unfortunately , it is 5 years old now and SCSI has changed dramatically -- for the better -- since then . I have been anxiously waiting for an update , and am excited that one is finally on its way in March 2000 . IF you are thinking about getting this book , I STRONGLY recommend you wait until the 2nd edition -LRB- ISBN
 This book is easy to read , but the information provided is very old -LRB- in computer years . -RRB- Most of the most common forms of SCSI today , such as LVD , are not even mentioned . This book needs a major update .
 I am so very disappoiinted with this book . Considering this book is set in 1609 and about the founding of Jamestown I would not have expected there to be swear words in it . I purchased all the books in this set that Elizabeth Massie wrote but I am very apprenhensive to have my children read the other books .
 There is obviously a need for such a book . However , Microsoft Press suggests this book for intermediate to advanced users . I would target this at beginning to -LRB- perhaps -RRB- intermediate users . Others will be disappointed as I was.Lots to disagree with here as well . A recomendation is made to only place ByRef in parameter definitions if the user INTENDS to change the parameter while in the routine . ByRef parameters which the user does not intend to change receive no prefix . Not the best advice . Another section suggests branching to a graceful exit point if input data is invalid . Since invalid input data generally suggests a problem elsewhere in the code , a better suggestion is assertion -LRB- a subject not discussed and perhaps out of scope -RRB- and/or raising an error . Some of the treatments seem pretty shallow - for example , the section on error handling is more a tutorial on the basic error object .
 If you just look through the topics this book covers , it might interest you -- which is why I decide to buy the book , especially after seeing a 5 star review here . However , the more you read on , the more disappointing you will be . Yeah , it did cover quite some points , but most of them are very shallow , the explanation does not go deep . You will find it begins with problems you met , explains things you normally know already , and then stop right there , leaving you as puzzled as before.Just contrary to some previous reviews , to me , the 2 COM chapters are almost totally useless . My suggestion is , read those 2 chapters in the book store first , if you think it 's valuable , then it probably is a book for you . But even if you do think those 2 chapters are great , you probably still want to check the title
 I guess I 'm the only one who was n't totally insired by her story . I did not follow her stories in Glamour , but I am a young woman who was diagnosed with cancer in her 20s . I was expected to find a lot of situations I could relate to . There were a few , but I kind of lost interest when I felt she kept going on and on about everything she did for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society . Compared to the cancer survivors I know in real life , she just seemed unreal . But then again , all the cancer survivors I know have been through chemo and/or radiation .
 Let me first state that taking Chinese is far more difficult to study than most other languages . Being in a classroom setting with audio input or some audio software is very important-none provided here . A book alone just cant do a beginner justice . I would leave this one on the shelf .
 This book is just a rehash of the POD -LRB- plain ol' documentation -RRB- provided with all the modules included on the CD . Thats about all that needs to be said . I 'll elaborate however . As a professional perl programmer , it is my business to know what modules are out there , and thus I know many of them from CPAN . The last place I am going to look is in a big old printed book when I could do this instead
 This book was a real disapointment . Like many programmers , I learn best by example . So I was hoping the code discussed in the book -LRB- and on the cd rom -RRB- would contain examples of working perl modules . However , it contains exactly three ! And even those are so short , they hardly showcase the various aspects of coding a perl module . The rest of the scripts on the cdrom -LRB- the non-modules -RRB- are incredibly simple little jobs showcasing the abilities of > other < perl modules ! Bummer .
 Confusing , skimpy , and VERY hard to relate to what you see on your monitor . This gets one star only because that 's the least this reviewing system will let me bestow . Dummies books are usually great-but not this thing . Not recommended .
 A simply awful work with disturbingly graphic photographs of aborted fetuses and such blatantly anti-choice propaganda it made me sick . I thought this was a book about pro-choice options and it was completely misleading . I threw this hateful stuff in the garbage lest anyone else read it ! And it was not hardcover when it was sent to me from the used book source I bought it from , it was softcover . Very dissapointing !
 The name of the book suggested a complete guide to the JMF , but in fact it 's a book about the Java Media Player ONLY . It contains almost nothing about the very important media broasdcasting and conferencing part of the JML . It 's an disappointment to me . Well , to be fair , it could be a pretty good book for developers who want to use the Media Player part only .
 I was specifically looking for how to stream a web cam.There was only one scentance for this.This book is not good for JMF web streaming .
 I just thought I 'd give it one star to make the review a bit more realistic ...
 This book wo n't really help on a current -LRB- 2005 -RRB- developer 's tech interview . Here 's the reason
 This book is basically about 2 stupid hoes . One is educated and the other is a ghetto hoodrat . Why oh why are these chickenheads fighting ober this no good dog ? What is the moral of this story ? I could understand if Malik ended up with Kim or if they BOTH kicked him to the curb . But noooo , after Kim spends all this money on this wedding , Shonda comes in and ruins it and feels she 's got herself some sort of prize or something ! And then they never show Malik interacting with Shonda 's daugther Bree . Instead of Malik breaking up with Kim and finding his own place , he moves in with Shonda . A man making good money like he is should be able to find his own place . Is this what Ms Poole defines as healthy relationships ? A man going from woman to woman ? Women letting him lay up with them and they both got kids of their own ? I think the people in this book are triflin ' just to say they GOT A MAN !
 I 'm so dissapointed in this book I do n't know where to begin . First of all how could the author -LRB- Daaimah -RRB- write a book glorifying the stupidity of desperate lonely women who would do anything at any cost to keep a triveling man who was more trouble than he was worth . The way Kim and Shonda , supposedly educated women went back and forth bickering like little children over this sorry man was absolutely sickening . I could 've sworn we were past portraying `` us '' African American women negatively . Where are the stories that portray us as strong , educated , loving individuals with self respect . We need to see more stories with the women kicking the man to the curb if they do n't act right instead of getting down on our hands and knees begging for the man to stay such as what happened in `` GOT A MAN '' . Let 's face it , Daaimah 's target audience are young black females , esspecially teens . Now What are her young impressionable black female readers to learn from a story like this . That it 's alright for a man to cheat on you , talk down to you , disrespect you.In addition to the poor story line came the boring , unstructured , repetitive sentences , which lacked creativity , detail and imagination . The editor must 've fell asleep on the job because throughout the book I stumbled upon multiple grammatical errors . The standard of African American literature has definately been loweredI tried to get my money back on this book , but the stores return policy did not allow me to do so . I offer the author an open invitation to contact me via e-mail for a personal apology .
 I bought this book because I enjoyed Yo Yo Love but it seems this one was written just because she knew people were waiting for a second novel . I did n't like the way if you read something Kim thought about Shonda in one paragraph , Shonda repeated it nearly word for word in the next . And as short as the book was -LRB- 244 pages -RRB- , did the author really think it was necessary to use the opening chapter again in the last as if we 'd forgotten it ? For those of you who felt the female characters were `` trifling '' in their tug of war over a man , remember that although this was fiction , stories like this do happen in real life and to constantly read about strong , independent women would truly be boring . Better to read about a bad woman than to be one !
 I purchased this book after I bought `` Ex Girl to the Next Girl '' and realized that it was a sequel so I had to get `` Got a Man '' . First off the writer 's style is a little too junior high for my taste . I have to agree with the reviewer that said if you are over 30 then DO N'T BUY this book . Ms. Poole uses elementary school vocabulary , short sentences and tends to repeat herself -LRB- Ex
 I was patiently awaiting Daaimah 's second book ever since yo-yo love . I must say that the book was a little disappointing if you compare it with her first work , she repeated herself constantly , and most of the characters were predictable . . I would to give this book 2 stars because it has potential but could have been better ...
 ` YO YO LOVE ' by Daaimah S. Poole was a great read . It was the perfect example of African American chick-lit . Filled with comedy , romance , and great friends , it was a novel I truly enjoyed . So when I discovered that Ms. Poole released a sophomore project , I just knew I was going to enjoy it as much as I did her first . That 's what I get for jumping the gun . ` GOT A MAN ' was not only lukewarm , but the editing was bad , and it was extremely repetitious throughout . Whatever happened to keeping the reader on their toes?Meet Shonda & Kim . Two women in love with the same man . Kim has been in a steady relationship with her fianc&eacute; Malik for about 4 years , but that relationship is tested when Shonda temps as a receptionist at Malik 's law firm . The two begin to hit it off , and Malik strays away from Kim , pursuing a relationship with Shonda , even though he and Kim have a baby on the way . From then it becomes a back and forth thing . Malik strings the two women along , but the two women insist on berating each other instead of putting the cheating loser in his place.There was a whole lot of `` Pick me '' , `` you do n't know what a mistake you are making '' , `` that is my man '' , and yadda yadda yadda . Same story different title.It was very predicatable , and poorly written . A big disappointment in my opinion .
 Good things first - `` Swiss Graphic Design '' is well put together and well designed . However , while this book contains a high level of creative work and page after page of bright pictures , I found much of the content rather shocking and explicit . Rather than classic , beautiful design , this book focuses on very trendy material . But if that 's what you want and sexually explicit work does n't bother you , then you might enjoy all the interesting design work .
 I would just like to comment that Carol R. Glatt 's Editorial Review is grossly misleading . Judaism has not always discouraged converts .
 A behemoth of a book about cruising yachts from dreamland . If you can actually afford the type of yachts they concentrate on then you can probably afford the crew and engineers to sail & fix it for you.Still , there 's a tonne -LRB- 1.1 tons -RRB- of information in here & it is worth reading - once . Try borrowing it from a library if you anticipate a more down-to-earth cruising budget . If you 're still dreaming - buy it & read the bits about how much all this costs , behold the gradual realisation that this is how Bill Gates would cruise.from page 1092 ... `` I have only one major regret
 Enjoyed Irish Gold so there was no question about following through with the sequel . Rather disappointing . Nuala is just too perfect and wonderful . The immigration officials are too mean -LRB- I ca n't believe they would n't have better immigrants to worry about rather than perfect Nuala ? -RRB- Greeley 's political opinions are introduced a little too often . -LRB- Republicans continue to be rather evil , mean-spirited folk -RRB- . And who says Bill Clinton is a big hero with the Irish ? Hardly .
 I have always enjoyed Andrew Greeley 's books , but I was disappointed in this one . I have not read the first book in the series , and I probably wo n't . Usually Greeley tells a story well . In this one , he contorts the storyline by spewing far too much unrealistic and personally felt verbage about politics . I feel he lets his political views poison the storyline . I also agree that the two main characters are a little too perfect . It is hard to develop empathy for them .
 The first book in the `` Nuala Anne McGrail '' , series , `` Irish Gold '' , was entertaining , and engaging . With this in mind , I moved on the second book in the series `` Irish Lace '' . This book is not in the same league . It is mainly a vehicle for Greeley to voice his political views ... as in Democrats are all good , honest , generous folk and Republicans are the devil . `` We drew the worst possible judge , Dermot . Thomas Winthrop Manley . He is a supercilious , egotistic , fussy , mean-spirited Republican . `` This quote is just one of many voicing that opinion.He loves the term `` xenophobia '' and uses to OFTEN.The story line is cumbersom , and uninteresting . The dialogue is pretty much a repeat of the first book . I kept reading , waiting for the story to get better . It did n't ! I wo n't bother with the rest of the series .
 While this book was written in a simple and easy to read fashion , it was not memorable or particularly engaging . I never actually connected with any of the characters . Nuala was too perfect and Dermot was too stupid . I found the language idiosyncratic and the plot trite and boring . I never got into the book ; I was always checking to see if I was close to the end . I would recommend this book to someone who does not like stories that are too complicated or clever .
 While the interaction between Nula and Dermont were excellent , the simplistic political undertones got in the way . It read more like a hit piece on anyone who dare hold conservative ideas . Those sections dealing simplistically with complex political issues were full of more vitriol than Irish charm . Of course if you are somewhat left of Kennedy you will love it . So bad I threw it away before completing it . I hope Mr. Greeley sticks to the wonderful courtship/relationship and a good historical sleuthing in future Nula mystries .
 This was an somewhat enjoyable read , but not 5 stars . The characters were stock characters , the history minimal , and the plot predictable . The world of late 19th c. Washington and the Chesapeake were not illuminated . And a minor point , chesnut horses never have black manes.The main character 's issues -LRB- her scholarship and her foot -RRB- were so quickly solved by some new dresses . And , of course , the sister 's love affair and marriage are just fodder for the next novel , when her husband dies or is murdered and her professor comes back on the scene ... . See what I mean ... so predictable !
 I have never asked for my $ back for a book , but I am on this one . I took Practice Test 1
 Definitely the worst I 've seen in the Exam Cram series . It looks like it was rushed to meet a dateline and I can not believe that there was any technical review . Do n't take my word for it just go through 10-20 questions of any of the exams at your local bookstore and you probably agree with my assessment . Ironically though that process might help you learn . Personally I would NOT recommend this book as I do n't want to encourage such sloppiness .
 This was my first book in the Exam Cram series , and I 'm truly stunned over the absolute rubbish this book contains.Luckily someone else has reviewed and posted most of the stuff that is highly questionable in this title , so I can soon throw it away and get on with my life ... It 's packed with syntactical errors , wrong answers , typos , ambigous and subjective scenarios that does n't rely on facts and blatant statements that are just not true ... ` There is no such thing as a unique clustered index ' . . ??? I almost fell out of my chair reading that explanation in one of the answers ... The authors also apparently have no knowledge of SQL Server 's security model , as they fail to recognize that one of their ` correct ' answers regarding the usage of a view , would not work because of a broken ownership chain . . and on and on and on ... I ca n't reccomend this title to * anyone * - it 's so bad that if I could I 'd be tempted to sue for mental damage ...
 Designing Enterprise Solutions with Microsoft Technologies has a great idea for a book - to show you the planning and implementation steps to put together a complete solution for an Enterprise using Microsoft technologies . Unfortunately , I found the book to be extremely badly written . First of all , it did n't seem like the book was properly proofread as there were numerous sentences written in awkward English . Take for example the following sentence that occurs on page 82 . - `` Why to Perform Capacity Planning Prior to Design '' . More importantly , I found myself losing the conversational thread in chapter after chapter . It was extremely frustrating to have to ask myself every page `` What is he trying to say ? '' `` What is he jumping to now ? '' etc. . Sorry , but you are better off without this one .
 - With all due respect to the authors -LRB- Marcus Conclaves hasauthored very good books -RRB- this book was a VAST disappointment.Themost irritating issue relative to the $ 50 that I paid for this book is was that the authors seemed to run out of material half way through the book so they repeated everything twice.There is very little reference to detailed distinction between Windows 2000 and NT4 , there IS reference to NT 3x -LRB- who cares ? -RRB- , and feature descriptions of Win 2000 Server are factually incorrect given that it was written before Microsoft 's late beta.Another thing that I disliked is that -LRB- In my opinion -RRB- the book is filled with `` Methodology 101 '' content -LRB- and I do mean filled -RRB- and not too much about the `` Technical '' aspect of designing Enterprise Solutions.The best thing about the book ? It 's a great source for design and management `` do n't forget '' checklists.The other authors , who both work for DPAI , Inc. , have filled the book with `` for this client we ... '' anecdotes , but you do n't finish the book understanding how they accomplished successful projects for the customers they refer to.PS
 $ 9.99 -LRB- Kindle edition -RRB- for a book that has been in paperback well over 10 years ? I understand that Macmillan wants to charge a higher fee for new releases but this book is several dollars cheaper at your local bookstore and that price takes into account the printing of the book , transportation to the store , profit for the publisher and for the book seller . The electronic version shares almost none of those expenses yet they have decided to charge the consumer an extra $ 2.00 ? Shame on you Macmillan . Much like the music industry that failed to accept the future before it was too late , Macmillan seems focused on scalping the consumer for a few extra bucks now at the expense of a long term relationship with the buying public . Looks like I will just pull out my old paperback and save myself $ 10 .
 As a lifelong fantasy reader and occasional fiction writer , I have to say that this book is abysmal . It is so badly written that I feel compelled to defend the art of writing against such fodder by , what else , posting a review on Amazon.Now , admittedly , the first book must have had some redeeming qualities or else I would n't have made it through the second one . Or it could just be part of the brilliant marketing trap of book series . Right now , I ca n't say if I will finish out the series , but since book three is sitting on my shelf , I just might have to read it.The series is conceptualized quite well . Jordan has set up a vast , complex , and interesting world in which to let is characters roam , though I ca n't seem to keep all the ancient wars straight . The problems are his characters and his sense of narrative action . The characters are flat and dull ; they are as psychologically complex as a group of lab rats . They behave predictably . For instance , Rand makes a big point of thinking `` I will not be used ! '' or something to that effect , just to create tension I suppose , and yet he takes the dragon banner with him . Hello ? Is it a shock when he pulls it out and uses it in the end ? Yeah , could n't see that one happening . The big bad guy , Ba'alzamon is a poor cousin to Darth Vadar . `` Serve me , and live . '' What 's next , `` Rand , I am your father '' ? And do n't get me started on the female characters . They are all predictably and blandly beautiful . Lame things come out of their mouths , like when Elayne says `` Is this what an adventure is like ? '' Such sophisticated dialogue.I ca n't shake the feeling that this is the kind of story I might have construed as a young teenager . Jordan 's writing is about on that level . The action skips along without any logical progression ; in fact , most of the character 's actions are illogical . When Rand , Loial and Hurin are transported to that other dimension , it makes perfect sense to them that there is a damsel in distress -LRB- Selene -RRB- waiting for them and they are in no way suspicious of her . We as readers of course are much smarter , but that 's not saying much . That 's only one example among many.If a story is going to be drawn out over twelve books , you had better have characters that are complex and compelling . Jordan has n't delivered that for me . These cardboard characters could pop up in any kind of literature . There better be considerable payoff in those last pages . If I ever make it that far . Jordan certainly is not compelled to meet our expectations because he is already laughing all the way to the bank.So , overall , I am largely disappointed . Jordan has done the genre of fantasy a great disservice by weighing down our shelves with this series .
 One of the most boring books I 've ever read -LRB- or half-read anyway -RRB- . I trudged through the first book despite its lack of direction , but I ca n't do it anymore . What is the point ? Nothing ever happens ! This is not good fantasy , it 's not even mediocre.I suppose the entire series will be saving me some money . Thank you Mr. Jordan. : ^ -RRB-
 The most important question I can pose to Mr. Jordan is ; ` What about the ` Wheel of Time ' is so relevant to the human condition and literature , that almost 10,000 pages of text is necessary to convey the background of these fictional characters in an imaginary world ? ` Absolutely nothing.Make no mistake ; Mr. Jordan is not an excellent writer by any means . His series has no signs of intricate plot construction . He seems more interested in expressing his exact idea of what the reader should imagine in each scene , then allowing the reader to use their own creativity to imagine certain scenes . Honestly , I can not see any reason to spend over half a chapter describing characters that may only appear four times in minor roles throughout the entire series . There is absolutely nothing wrong , in my opinion , with crafting a description for a major or minor character that is less than one paragraph that conveys all important information . It almost seems as if Robert Jordan wanted to publish a list of physical statistics for each character covering blood type , height in centimeters , weight , shade of eyes , history of their wardrobe , a summary of their genetic lineage and perhaps a list of personality quirks . Nothing wrong with that either , as long as the overall story benefits from this information.After reading the entire series and going back to read the first books , Mr. Jordan 's flaws become more and more apparent . I find myself wishing that Tor had used an editor that could give the writing in this book enough direction so that the major events themselves do n't become the only reasons for reading .
 I wonder how , somewhere along the way in Jordan 's tedious ` epic ' , people started hailing it as ` the next Tolkien ' and ` the greatest fantasy series ever ' . It certainly is n't anything of the sort.The word that best describes the Great Hunt -LRB- and the series as well -RRB- is hogwash -LRB- in polite terms -RRB- . Anything good is slurred over in a gravy of useless descriptions and foolish side plots . If you want to read 6000 + pages of descriptive minutae with foolish and immature -LRB- they 're supposed to be over 20 ? -RRB- characters running around getting chased , chasing , wandering , roaming , etc , then this series is worth it . A whole two chapters are spent on describing 3 Aes Sedai flirting with Mat as if they were 13 years old . The book concludes with a second , and ` final ' -LRB- really ! -RRB- duel after their ` final ' duel in Book One . Dark , deep hints are given about Rand 's past and future ; perhaps we 'll get to know a little more in book 7 , 4000 pages later ? No one knows.The book continues the standard tedium of book One with the horribly drawn characters and ` frightening ' monsters -LRB- yeah , Trollocs really give me nightmares -RRB- . If you want some good fantasy to read , try His Drak Materials by Pullman . or go back to Tolkien -LRB- Jordan , the next Tolkien ? haha . He is n't half the writer -RRB- . Do n't put yourself through these books .
 I sorta liked the Eye but when I read this book I was sorely dissapointed . Sure it was a great plot but with nothing happening it just plain bored me . The ending was OK but nothing exceptional .
 `` The Great Hunt , '' volume 2 of Jordan 's huge Wheel of Time series , is better than the 1st book , `` The Eye of the World . '' Jordan gets off to a great start by filling in a lot of information about characters and bits of story he left the reader wondering about in the first book . He also garners praise for making good use of parallel universes in this book.Well , Jordan made good use of it until the disappointing exit from that universe . The hero , Rand , is often dumb as a brick in this book , and that ultimately leads to a slow and frustrating middle section of the book.There are no heroics in this book , and no grandeur . The Great Hunt is nowhere to be seen , being rather a plodding , somewhat boring hunt between just a few characters . Jordan never takes us to Illian in this book -- the site of the Hunt 's origin -- and the scope of the book is not broadened by any new characters until the latter half of the book . Rand and Loial finish the first part of their `` hunt '' with a completely ludicrous scene -LRB- SPOILER -RRB- where they sneak into the Trolloc/Darkfriend camp and simply grab the Horn and Ruby dagger and run -LRB- and get away with it ! -RRB- . This is one of the least believable scenes I have ever read , and suggests a recurring flaw in Jordan 's writing ; he seems incapable of putting a satisfying finish to his stories and subplots.Jordan does provide some interest with the Seanchan , a cold-hearted and viscous people that have invaded Toman Head . We are lead to believe that they might be the descendents of Artur Hawkwing 's armies come back to `` retake what was theirs . '' Jordan surprisingly takes much of the mystery out of this , and other areas of suspense -LRB- such as who Selene is -RRB- , by providing answers in the book 's glossary.Then comes the big ending , with the rather improbably concurrence of events that bring it to fruition . What a disappointment this ending is , a huge magic-saves-the-day groaner . Jordan does provide a reasonably good build-up with good story elements that could have made this ending great . -LRB- SPOILERS here to end -RRB- The Horn is finally blown , the heroes of the past arrive , and
 Sometimes a hit is n't as good as the second time around . Robert Jordan 's Wheel of Time series debuted in the slow , ponderous `` Eye of the World . '' The follow-up is a bit better , with a slightly better plot and some Machievellian intrigues , but Jordan 's mediocre writing and glacial pace turn it into another pulpy mess.Rand and company have arrived at the home of the Aes Sedai , the female sorceresses who now hold his fate in their collective hands -- because he can do magic , albeit by accident , they might `` gentle '' him . What he does n't know is that Moraine and the Aes Sedai leader , the Amyrlin , are secretly plotting to keep him safe -- because they suspect he is the Dragon Reborn.All the Aes Sedai intrigues are interrupted when the stronghold is invaded by trollocs and a Myrdraal -- and a message for Rand is scrawled on the wall in blood . Turns out that they were stealing the legendary Horn of Valere , which can raise dead heroes . So Rand and his friends -- including Mat , whose life is bound to a stolen dagger -- go out in search of the horn.Robert Jordan 's books are slow . Really slow . Incredibly slow -- the hero , Rand , spends a hundred pages fretting about something that never happens . He spends an entire chapter getting dressed . Long books -- Dosteyevsky , Tolkien -- are often good things , richly nuanced and full of intricate plotting . But Jordan just seems to be describing everything in detail.The plot itself has promise -- the action scenes tend to be swift , gritty and tense ; the idea of a stolen horn that can raise the dead is an intriguing one . But between it is endless pages of quibbling and personal tics , as well as dozens of minor characters who have no bearing on the plot . For example , Jordan introduces countless Aes Sedai , but only two other than Moraine have any plot purpose.Sadly , Jordan 's writing is n't up to the challenge -- he reads like a second-rate pulp writer . The force of ultimate evil is called Shai ` tan -LRB- ca n't he come up with a better name ? -RRB- , and just stops short of cackling out loud . The characters all interact by flirting or bickering , usually with women expressing disdain for the men . Jordan devotes a great deal of attention to the jewelry and clothing of the characters , even devoting a paragraph to a piece of Moraine 's jewelry.The characters are more like a collection of tics and personality flaws than actual people -- Rand spends all his time worrying , but breaks out long enough to be a hero . Nynaeve and Egwene pull their hair and snipe , while Perrin feels inferior and Mat flirts . Of all the characters , Moraine is the only one who comes across as a person , especially since she keeps most of her plans to herself . `` The Great Hunt '' is one of those fantasy books that could have been quite good if about three hundred pages had been whittled out of it . As it is , it 's merely a sloppy book with second-rate writing .
 But not great . It will take Jordan another whole book before this series starts to show it 's quality . Whether or not it 's worth your time will be up to you .
 This is the second Robert Jordan book I have read and will most likely be the last . The first book in the series was somewhat slow and did n't hold my attention too well but I thought I should give him a fair chance so I bought The Great Hunt.His characters get more and more whiney , they make stupid , ignorant decisions , and the constant denial of Rand that he is the Dragon Reborn is more than annoying.All in all , the book could have been about 300 pages less - less would definitely be more as far as Mr. Jordan is concerned . He is not a particularly talented writer , sticks with cliches quite often and creates his characters ' voices in such a way that I just wanted to slap every one of them.For a good fantasy read , read Terry Goodkind 's ` Wizard 's First Rule ' and the rest in that series . Phenomenal writing , beautifully drawn characters and a fun , nailbiting read .
 I ca n't handle it any more . I 've come up with some new rules for starting/continuing a series because of Robert Jordan .1 . Do not start any series at all unless the author is dead or the series is completed unless each has a stand alone plot . -LRB- no matter how great the first installments are -RRB- 2 . Never buy a book in a series until you have read the set and find it good enough to want to re-read .3 . If you find the first book to have irritating elements that get worse in the second stop reading . In the long run you 'll be better off as those elements only get worse .4 . Let someone else waste their time and money sorting through all of the pulp ... since it 's apparent that some publishing houses will print anything that sells.This seems draconian and would probably make a dent in the genre/publishing if everyone did this ; but this series is a perfect example of why they deserve it . If the publishing company is so confident in the author let THEM take the risk and front the time and money to see a project through and not burden their readers with this abortion of a series . I ca n't say enough bad about the cynical , conniving , and money-grubbing , that this series represents on the part of the author -LRB- his editor wife -RRB- and publisher . Start publishing and finishing quality before we kick the publisher and not just this author/series . Everyone else should take notice too ... if you want to sell into this market , I 'm not into buying any more books like this .
 I dont like this book . It takes one page to write that they are taking two step forward and there is more like this . I dont know how people like it .
 I 've read this book before , in the early 80s . It was written by David Eddings and it was titled , `` Pawn of Prophecy . '' It featured the young farmer of unknown parentage who sees a mysterious shadowy cloaked figure trailing him at times -- but it 's always gone . It has a blacksmith of virtue and oh-so-practical values who does n't like to hurt people or be called `` Lord . '' It has a mysterious dark-haired , beautiful sorceress who is very imperious , allows no nonsense , and can often be found brushing her hair before bed . It also has an old storyteller who has more skills and knowledge than others would believe -- he 's more than he appears . Oh , and there 's a connection between the main characters and wolves . Jordan has ripped off most of these elements in this book but FAILS to cite his source , which to me makes this plagarism.This particular installment lacks logic . Characters blunder around stupidly until the last 20 pages , then , suddenly , all goes right , for no real reason . Where are the bad-guys ? What are they thinking . There are supposed to be super-powerful AND skilled evil adepts . They show nothing worth fearing , hence they fail stupidly and this book has no tension . This stinks .
 The first was good , but this was a very , very , very bad book . Yes there is such a thing as TOO MUCH detail . I mean , how can an author write such a great first novel and then screw up so completely in the second installment ? I wo n't even bother to summarize this 700 page bore , but I will tell you one thing about the plot of this book . The legendary Horn of Valare was stolen from Rand , stolen back by Rand , stolen from him again , and then recovered at the end . Talk about a space waster . That book could have been 300 pages shorter and been classified as excellent . I guess he was trying to make this book as immpresively long as his first , but the result was TRASH . If you liked the first one , do n't dicourage yourself , get a discription from a poor friend who had to suffer trough this book . Jordan does try to emulate Tolkien , but with this book did n't even come close . A Very Disappointed Reader
 This series hardly promises to be new or unique . Unlike others , I do n't care that Jordan rips off Tolkien -LRB- trollocs , anyone ? -RRB- . Instead , I 'm furious that he has stolen characters straight out of Eddings 's Belgariad
 I made the unfortunate mistake of purchasing the first 4 books all at one time , based on the strength of the reviews on Amazon . Mistake ! I found that I really did n't like the author 's writing style , and the plot is very predictable and geared towards very young readers . Not what I expected , and a very disappointing read . Did my best to stick it out , thinking that it HAD to improve , but bailed about 2/3 of the way though the second book . Torture ...
 The Great Hunt , Robert Jordan 's second ` Wheel of Time ' book , follows very much the pattern of the first -LRB- The Eye of the World -RRB- . I have also read the third book -LRB- The Dragon Reborn -RRB- , and it follows the same pattern also . I am not sure whether the later books of the series continue down the same path as the first three , but that the first three follow the same basic plot pattern is not good . This is the outline :1 . There will be a long journey , or several journeys , by the main characters .2 . At the end the characters will come together more or less accidentally .3 . There will be a big fight at the end in which the hero will kill the Big Bad Guy . Lest you think that all fantasy has this trait , I will point out that ` Lord of the Rings ' does not , nor do most of the Weis/Hickman DragonLance books .4 . The climactic scene or scenes will be rushed and written less well than the earlier parts of the book .5 . There will be many characters and subplots used along the way that have no purpose except to clutter up the book . Example
 ... My memory of certain parts of the book is still fairly good , but I certainly do n't remember everything that went on.This book , more than any of the others , could have used a sliding scale of points . ... my evaluation would probably have gone something like this : +2 stars for the Darkfriends ' meeting in the beginning of the book , which gives various clues to the identity of Darkfriends later.-3 stars for the Borderlands society , where the woman pretend to let men rule for no apparent reason . ... I could understand this if the book 's societies were portrayed as violently anti-female and the women felt the need to manipulate things from behind the scenes in fear for their lives , but this is not the case for any of the book 's societies . ... +1 star each for the initial appearance of the phrases `` Death is lighter than a feather , duty heavier than a mountain '' and `` The grave is no bar to my call . '' -1 star when I realized that the death-duty proverb would keep reappearing again ... and again ... and again ... Apparently , having found a good thing , Jordan is reluctant to let it go . +3 stars for the initial descriptions of various parts of Aes Sedai training , such as the flower visualizations used to help novices and Accepted unlock their powers . Very few fantasy books describe the * details * of magical training , so this caught my attention . +4 stars for the description of the flies in the village Rand passes through . I still remember that . Many descriptive authors regularly evoke beauty , but few remember how effective it can be to evoke disgust . +1 for Mat 's reaction to learning that Rand might be the Dragon . He is almost the only character who reacts realistically , and he became my favorite character from that moment forward.-6 stars for `` The Wheel weaves as the Wheel wills '' and the sternness of everyone in power about yielding to fate . Now , my intense love of free will might be a personal trait , but the idea that mindless obedience is encouraged and invidiualism , independence , and rebellion absolutely discouraged wore on me . It also allows Jordan to use the most fantastic coincidences and get away with them . Hey , it was fate ! -2 stars for the apparent forced marriages of males among the Ogier . This might be some kind of analogy to the forced marriages of women throughout Earth 's history , but if so , it read more like vengeance than an analogy . ... +10 stars for the Seanchan and their society . The strange beasts -LRB- about which we never really hear much , alas -RRB- and their intriguing caste system introduced a strong sense of the alien that does n't appear anywhere else in Jordan 's work , except possibly with the Aiel.-12 stars for my sudden realization in this book that Jordan apparently possesses no sense of linguistic reality whatsoever . His people come from culture after strange culture , and there 's only one language for the * whole * * entire * * continent ? * Some people have accents , and the Seanchan slur their words , but that 's it . And apparently the language spoken now has no real relation to the Old Tongue . And apparently the villagers of Emond 's Field , despite staying in the same spot for hundreds of years and only having contact with the occasional traveler , can understand the speech of capital cities with ease . ... +3 stars for the battle at the end , and -1 for my realization ... +2 stars for the lines `` Masema , who hated him . Masema , who looked at him as if seeing a vision of the Light . '' -LRB- at least I think that 's how it goes -RRB- . That moment has stayed with me , probably because the wording thrills me.I 've left out quite a lot , and some of what 's in here is -LRB- no doubt -RRB- due to personal idiosyncrasies . But I do think there are problems with Jordan 's work that people do n't mention often to be pointed out , as well as strengths to be praised .
 This is the second book of the Wheel of Time series . Its only a bit , I repeat , a bit better than the first book and thats because there 's more action in it . On the whole , this book was useless.The Horn of Valere is stolen in the beginning by Darkfriends and so Rand & Co sets out to retrieve it . I still does n't understand why the villian waited for 3 months for Rand to come and take the Horn back . He should 've used it for himself in between . At the climax , Rand finds out where the Horn is kept , enters the building and picks it up without any difficulty ?? Comeon , we 're speaking about the greatest weapon of the world , which can bring back the army of dead . And I 've even found other reviewers claiming the final battle sequence to be a masterpiece in literature . Unfortunatley , I didnt find it a bit interesting to hold my attention .
 One wonders , given the over-arching ` tribute ' to eastern mysticism and eternal cycles -LRB- and after ten drawn out volumes -RRB- , whether Mr. Jordan is going to republish volume one now under a different title as `` volume eleven '' -LRB- Knife of Dreams -RRB- , since according to the tiresome preamble to every book all this nonsense is supposed to happen all over again anyway . What 's the point ? Why have a hero at all or even a struggle if it 's all ultimately pointless anyway -LRB- except as an exercise in cynicism -RRB- . I have tried to get into these books ... perhaps if I were still in my twenties , I could read this and pass over the unimaginative names , places and empty stereotypes and dull storyline -LRB- just try reading the prologue out loud with a straight face -RRB- without letting them stop me . But life 's too short.Mr . Jordan writes better than the narrow confines of this so-called genre . Too often these books read more like gaming manuals than novels . He deserves to be released from this straight-jacket -- because in spite of the hobblings foisted upon him by the formula here , the man knows how to write rich , descriptive prose . And I will stubbornly keep an eye out for whatever new comes from him , hoping he will tire of this wheel and take delight perhaps instead in something truly new one day .
 I read tons of books like this all the time . It takes me little time to complete them . But this series is so slow and reading it can be such a drag that I just ca n't do it anymore . I give up on this author and this series which I hear he ca n't complete because he 's written himself into a corner . It 's a hard read because it 's so slow paced and such a slow read . i recommend going someplace else despite the interesting story line .
 THE GREAT HUNT is bloated and boring . I 'm not sure why this book even needed to be an entire book in itself . The plot is so slow and the developments are so minimal -- so much of it is needless dialogue -- that it easily could have been summarazed and folded into another novel as back story . Or at least much of it could have been . I loved EYE OF THE WORLD and read it in 3 days . This one has taken me more than three weeks to read . I hope THE DRAGON REBORN is better , much better . If not , I do n't think I 'll waste my time with the rest of the series . I 've recently read George R. R. Martin 's SONG OF ICE AND FIRE novels -LRB- the three that are available -RRB- . Robert Jordan ought to take some lessons from him . Martin is a truly magnificent writer . Jordan is n't even a close runner up .
 Here we go again . There are ten books , I hope you all know . Ten fat books , and this Wheel just goes downhill . And I do n't think its ever going to end . Jordan is just milking the cash cow.Now , I 'm sure we all LOVED the first book . That 's what everyone says , right ? Well , it was great but do you know what else everyone says ? I 'm refering to those who have only read `` Eye of the World . '' I 'm advising all of you to drop out of this series when you can . I mean , did n't you notice the problems with the first book ? Childish behavior ? Stupid behavior ? Stereotypes ? Not to mention , all the chracters were the same
 If you thought the introduction to the Wheel of Time -LRB- also known as Book 1
 It was an ok book others helped me more you can help to visit theindigodream.org to learn more about how to help
 Bought it for school . Enjoyed the other books I bought , but this one put me to sleep . Written more for a professional academic or corporate board member -LRB- I enjoy much more pragmatic books -RRB- .
 Full of enthusiasm I approached this book with an open mind convinced I had found the right text . I like to quickly overview technical books to discover early on where the authors are leading . I often learn a great deal in this way . Not with this book , you must be prepared to be at a keyboard and concentrate on each line . There is so much between the lines and you can miss important facts if you dont think hard . You can not breeze in to a chapter , you must work on them all in the right order . Once in there it 's like being led through a maze . There is virtually no explanation of what you are doing . The theory is lacking . Terminology is thrust upon you ruthlessly . You learn a bit about the GUI in VAJ , and it helps with general familiarity with the software , oh yes , the bit you really want to know , you do n't learn much about Java .
 If you want to learn how to write the generic `` ATM '' , use this . Otherwise , find another IBM RedBook -LRB- IBM 's official how-to books -RRB- , they 're much better . Ackerley , et.al. , fail - the aspects of the VAJ toolset are not explained , nor the rationale for the splitting of the panels and subtools , their interrelationships less than obvious . The `` connections '' section to tie methods to actions -LRB- event handling -RRB- is so poor that I believe their reason for not giving a better explanation was that they themselves do not understand event handling - a developer must 've told them `` do this , and trust me - it works '' . When you finish , you say , `` well , that was a waste of time , now how do I make the best use of this tool and its environment ? '' VAJ is a good tool , though its insistence on splitting your source code into ever-exploding snippits is exasperating and at times loses your updates . It deserves a much better explanation of how to best integrate it with your development environment and process . This book does nothing to help anyone learn how to program with VAJ . it merely confuses the reader and leads them around by a ring in the nose . No Good .
 Whenever I see a book that has the product name as part of the title and is not preceded with the words `` advanced '' or `` intermediary '' then I am led to believe that it will provide an broad introductory prospective to the product . I was dead wrong with this particular book . It reads like it was written in a weekend with each topic hastily reviewed with a major emphasis on scantily provided detail combined with large font types to give the visual appearance of an impressive body of work . Do n't be fooled , this book is not worth the effort . You would be better served using the Visualage for Java help panels than attempting to apply any of the aspects of this book .
 I am not sure this is one of the worst books I have seen on using an IDE , but it must be on the top of that dubious list . The authors should have called the book
 The book is full of typo 's and the authors are impossible to reach . Hardly any explanation during the exercises , just instructions . A better book for the beginner is `` Enterprise Development with VisualAge for Java , version 3 , '' by Nilsson et al. .
 My main problem with this book is the fact that you are taken step by step throught the development process but with no explainations of why you are doing the step . They are n't teaching ... its more like rote repitition . On top of this , there are several critical typos and since you do n't know the what and whys , they are that much harder to uncover . This could have been a great tutorial if IBM did n't assume it was writting to super-techies . Next time guys ... EXPLAIN THE STEPS !
 IBM really needs to get some more up to date books out there for newer versions of VisualAge . This book was a terrible reference and terrible at teaching VisualAge . I finally gave up and just learned through trial and error .
 The book is full of typo 's and the authors are impossible to reach . Hardly any explanation during the exercises , just instructions . A better book for the beginner is `` Enterprise Development with VisualAge for Java , version 3 , '' by Nilsson et al. .
 I had hoped this book would live up to its subtitle - `` An Anthology of Current Thought . '' Although I am an ID ` er and sometime creationist , I was stunned by the abundance of blatant propaganda . Just consider the following fruity passage , concerning the rapid adaptability of HIV -LRB- p. 33 -RRB- : `` But students do n't learn about evolution in medical school , -LSB- Palumbi -RSB- says , leaving them about as well prepared to combat HIV as a flat Earth astronomer would be to plan a moon shot . `` Really ? Do the authors of the original `` US News and World Report '' article -LRB- Hayden , Ruvinsky , Gilgoff and Sobel -RRB- expect us to believe that ANY graduating medical student does n't understand that infectious organisms change and adapt -LRB- mutate -RRB- over time ? That any of them escaped learning the basics of evolutionary theory somewhere in their pre-med studies?Having been involved in the whole debate for thirty-some years , I have n't met even the most rabid young-earther who does n't believe that bacteria can become disease-resistant , or that all dog breeds did n't develop from a single wolf-like species within human history.Sorry to say I stopped reading at that point . Maybe there is more meaty data later in the book . But that absurd comment poisoned the rest of the book for me and drove me to this review -LRB- to be fair , there was a creationist book that did the same thing to me with a line like , `` Is n't it wonderful that God made the animals to inhale oxygen and exhale nitrogen , and the plants to do the opposite ? '' -RRB-
 This book has several problems , the most noticeable one being that it does n't even live up to its own subtitle - `` The Story of One Tiny Creature and History 's Most Spectacular Scientific Breakthrough . '' I think that , based on that subtitle , it is a reasonable assumption that the book is going to link Darwin 's study of barnacles to his theory of evolution by natural selection . Well , I read all 261 pages of this book and let me state categorically that the author never makes the connection . We get a lot of information about barnacles , no doubt about it . We find out about barnacles that secrete their own shells , barnacles that burrow into other creatures ' shells , barnacles that attach themselves to flesh , etc. . We also get to know about hermaphroditical , bisexual , and unisexual barnacles . But the author never goes into specifics regarding why these variations developed , nor does she explain how the study of barnacles helped Darwin to further develop , or fine tune , `` History 's Most Spectacular Scientific Breakthrough . '' -LRB- A debatable assertion , by the way , but hyperbole in modern publishing is so prevalent that I guess we 're not supposed to take these things too seriously . -RRB- I kept reading and reading and said to myself that the author must have a purpose in barraging us with all of this barnacle minutiae . Must be she 'll have a chapter near the end where she 'll explain the specific biological/environmental reasons for the variations and show how this helped Darwin to clarify his thinking . Well , sorry to say there is no such chapter in the book . It was sort of like reading a mystery and the author never tells you how the detective solved the crime . Another problem that this book has is that the narrative flow is disturbed by some very bizarre analogies . If you think that I might possibly be going overboard with my choice of the word bizarre , consider the following
 I read the book a number of years ago to learn pthreads.I found numerous errors in the examples -- speakingat work to a colleague I recall we laughed at this book -- It was such a disaster.I may read the book again -LRB- over the last few years I learned a lot aboutpthreads -RRB- and give a careful analysis of it.I had a first printing -- there were gobs of errata onOreilly 's site -- maybe they put in enough corrections sothe examples run -- but I 'm amazed how shoddy the first printing was.Stay away from it ...
 The title of this book is very misleading , IMHO . OK , so the blurb it says it concentrates on the graphical environment , and you 'd better believe it ! Almost everything it does is under X-Windows and the K desktop environment . It concentrates on APPLICATIONS , not the operating system . Look at the specs for the book , and you see it 's 300 pages . Well , 50 of these pages tell you how to use Star Office , 24 of them are an installation guide for Caldera 's OpenLinux , even eight of them deal with running Caldera 's DR-DOS programs ! I could go on , but I think you 'll have got the idea . * IF * you want to use Caldera OpenLinux -LRB- a copy of which comes on the included CD-ROM -RRB- , and want to have your Linux system work like something resembling a Windows system , then this may well be the book for you . However , if , like me , you want a basic grounding in the Linux operating system itself , then forget it , this is NOT the book for you . My copy is on its way back to Amazon just as soon as I can get it to the Post Office !
 When I 'm buying a new item , I 'm expecting a book in pristine condition and not a book with highlighted pages and with the spoiled corners . Only one advice
 Note clearly said CD included . It is the only reason I picked this vendor out of all options . When the package arrived CD was not included .
 Not a massive help for prospective new comers to Malamutes or mushing . Very little practical information about care of dogs in different domestic settings -LRB- minimum exercise requirements , can they live with cats , how big a yard do the need ... -RRB- ... so disappointing . But lots of anecdotal stuff on the history and development of the breed which is great . But unfortunately this is all inadequately referenced and there is no bibliography or list of sources ... Basically there is a lot of information here but ` could do better '
 This book is full of great history on the breed and information on how to show and sled your dog -LRB- once you get to that stage in growth and training ! -RRB- . If you have or are bringing home a new puppy it is not the book for you . I searched for this book because it was recommended to me . I think now that recommendation was only because this certain breeder had a few `` mentions '' in the book . I am looking for NOW information on my new puppy . This book is great for my friends who stop by -- they look at the pictures .
 I am a huge fan of Toot and Puddle , so I did n't pre-read this book before purchasing . Unfortunately , I do n't really want to read it to my son -LRB- who asks for Toot and Puddle every day -RRB- because the story ends up calling one of the characters a `` prima donna '' and then proceeds to explain what they mean by that -LRB- which is n't any better than the name-calling was by itself -RRB- . Maybe many parents would n't mind this book , but I am careful to try to avoid examples of name-calling . Of course , the pictures are incredibly beautiful as usual , and there is a nice lesson in the story , as usual . I just wish authors as well as tv cartoon writers would be more aware of name-calling . I would n't want to hear my little guy or girl calling one of their friends a prima donna , no matter how well the shoe fits . I know they will learn name calling at some point in school or even the playground , but this story makes it look ok to label a friend like that .
 Aikido was never meant to be a sport and has never even considered itself to be . True aikido rejects all forms of contests and tournaments . Only Public demonstrations are given or should be given to show a display of constant training , not of ego accomplishment from the likes of sports where there is a winner and a loser . Aikido is not about who wins , who 's tougher , or who is better , it 's about personal achievement of mind/body . I must ask all to be cautious of such writings involving aikido being made to look like a sport or any competition . The founder himself and his family have always shared this view and rightly so . 2 stars for the knowlege that might be attained for the positive use and understanding of the art .
 Aikido was never meant to be a sport and has never even considered itself to be . True aikido rejects all forms of contests and tournaments . Only Public demonstrations are given or should be given to show a display of constant training , not of ego accomplishment from the likes of sports where there is a winner and a loser . Aikido is not about who wins , who 's tougher , or who is better , it 's about personal achievement of mind/body . I must ask all to be cautious of such writings involving aikido being made to look like a sport or any competition . The founder himself and his family have always shared this view and rightly so . 2 stars for the knowlege that might be attained for the positive use and understanding of the art .
 I recommend this book to someone who is not familiar with Windows 95/98 . It covers the basics of the operating system in a consistently unentertaining manner -- a characteristic of almost all books on software . -LRB- Of course , the intent is to educate , not entertain . -RRB- There 's no heavy duty stuff here . So if your sole purpose in life is to decode the Windows Registry , click the `` Next '' button now .
 Enclosed the following for your reference
 WHEN READING THE BOOK , I FOUND WAY TOO MANY ERRORS THAT I HAD TO STOP READING THIS BOOK BECAUSE MY STOMACH HURT FROM LAUGHING TOO HARD AT ALL OF THE ERRORS . IF YOU KNOW VERY LITTLE ABOUT NETWORKING , STAY AWAY FROM THIS BOOK . I USED THE EXAM CRAM NETWORKING + PLUS BOOK ON WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY AND PASSED THE TEST ON FRIDAY .
 As other have stated this book contains a bunch of errors . A person who is not familiar with the content , and using this book as a learning tool may well be hindered by the errors . I do n't recommend using this book as an exclusive tool . I also found the sample test questions did n't match the answers , and I spent a bunch of valueable time trying to sort out which answer went where . The sample test for Unit 10 was an absolute nightmare . None of the questions matched the answers . You get what you pay for . This book was within cheapest of the books offered in this category . It is obvious that the editors rushed to get this book into print .
 I was very displeased with this book . It is shallow bunch of trite , short notes on various seemingly uninteresting people . It 's like `` Chicken Soup for the Soul '' only worse .
 I read only a few pages and did not find it all that interesting . It was more history than action .
 Under Western Eyes is a very boring book.and I would not recommend it for any ones reading enjoyment . It was advertised as a &#34; Western &#34; Novel but has nothingg to do with the US or the West . I did n't finish it as I could n't stay awake long enough to read more than one page at a time .
 Hugely disappointed -LRB- and ripped off -RRB- when I received this copy . The type is illegibly small . The cover graphics appalling . Feels like a bootleg copy . Unreadable !
 It 's 1803 , and the Scarlet Pimpernel and the Purple Gentian have wowed Europe with their daring exploits . Amy Balcourt is a twenty-year-old , adventurous English girl who , in joining the League of the Purple Gentian , wishes to become a spy herself . She , along with her cousin Jane and their escort Miss Gwen , go to France , where they meet Lord Richard Selwick , also known as the Purple Gentian . A case of confused identities ensues in a bad parody of good spy fiction.The Secret History of the Pink Carnation is , first and foremost , chick lit , with historical accuracy taking a backseat . For someone who was supposed to be so smart , Amy behaved like a twit sometimes -- for example , thinking that another character -LRB- a well-known rake -RRB- is the Purple Gentian , she makes an assignation with him in a dark , secluded space . I thought it was also rather ridiculous that she really did n't know who the Purple Gentian was until the last minute . The prose of this book is also laughable
 After reading just a little of this book you can stop turning pages because it 's obvious what 's going to happen next . Boring and predictable ; I 've read this book before , written much better , but never worse . Nothing new or original here . I 've run into these stock characters many times before and that was more than enough . For me this was a waste of time . Has the obligatory sex scenes
 I thought based on the author 's credentials I would at least be somewhat impressed with her books . I guess after reading Thomas Hardy , Jane Austen , Elizabeth Gaskell , Charles Dickens , Charlotte Bronte etc. . . I had my standards WAY too high , but I was so blindsided by the pure lack of depth , again , based on the author 's credentials Yale , Harvard ... a stint in England researching this book I was expecting to be at least mildly impressed . If you are familiar with the character `` Patty Simcox '' from `` Grease '' , if she wrote a book , I would imagine it would be comparable . The only thing missing here are the hearts above the `` i 's '' and smiley faces for periods ... middle school dialogue combined with the intrigue of a fifty year old Nancy Drew book ... gah !!! Save yourself !
 There are times when life requires something more than a 500-page novel on Thomas Cromwell or a considered meditation on the horrors of the Civil War ; these are the times when something more means something less . Pink Carnation is that book - so light you can almost feel it float out of your hands , so taken with its own sense of fun and adventure that you find yourself wondering if it actually counts as reading . I think of these books as `` Metro books '' - you can read them with all sorts of delays - scratchy train-operator announcements , babies crying , people shoving and pushing to fit in during rush hour - and still keep the thread of the plot.Pink Carnation revels in comedy and the upending of swashbuckling traditions while telling a sweet - if contrived - love story . Napoleon 's court is sketched in the barest of outlines , as a mere background to character interactions . In reality , this story of spying and mistaken identity could occur in almost any time or place and lose only loving descriptions of bouncing carriages and voluminous skirts.Lauren Willig says she began writing Pink Carnation because she loved the old stories of the Scarlet Pimpernel and the Three Musketeers . Knowing this , I started the book hoping for a bit more adventure and plotting . I 'm willing to go along with a romantic plot line but I need it to be filled out a bit more than your typical romance novel . After all , you 're setting your story in Napoleon 's court - the opportunities for night time chases , coded messages and double crosses are endless!That said , I appreciated being able to open this book and lose myself in a fun story for a few minutes . I would recommend Pink Carnation to anyone who is looking for an escapist read . However , I 'm not sure I 'll continue with the rest of the books in the series - I need a little bit more spy craft and a little less romance to remain intrigued.Email This BlogThis ! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google Buzz
 On the plus side , its entertaining simply by virtue of being so far off the beaten path , and the author has a certain charm and sense of humor that is pleasant and refreshing . She writes in a very natural style that is almost conversational and sounds like someone you 'd enjoy knowing . Reading her book , however , is another matter.I have to say that , at times , I was embarrased to find myself reading this . For example , take the issue of the `` secret '' agent . The secret identity is known by the agent 's mother , father , sister , butler , and two or three close friends . Given the frivolous nature of most of the above , it 's a miracle he 's still alive . Then there is the issue of how easy spying is for these people
 Literally . The heroine , Amy , mutters to herself repeatedly , in the presence of others as well as alone . She also has a highly annoying and modern habit of repeating the same words or phrase over and over again . Several other too-modern catch phrases peppered their way into the Regency period , causing Jane Austen to scream in horror in such affront to her world.The author , in addition to these quirks she gives her historic heroine , has not bothered to do her etiquette research into 1803 England and France . Gentlemen do not sit in the presence of ladies , exasperated or not , nor do proper young ladies pace the deck of a ship , in her nightgown , at midnight , alone with a strange man , and proceed , unintentionally or not , to show off her ankles and legs.The blood-curling scream you now hear is that of Miss Austen.The ` present ' story is sparse and not interesting at all ; the transition between past and present jars , and makes it seem as if they were two separate stories the author decided to mush together.Not recommended .
 I was bitterly disappointed in this book . Given the quality hard cover , the lovely cover art and the blurb , I was expecting something that strives to be Heyer or Austen . I would have been happy with something that fell along the lines of Tasha Alexander or Deanna Raybourne . Heck , I would counted myself lucky if the book had been vaguely reminiscent of Mary Balogh or Julia Quinn . Instead I got something that fell short of all of those.Instead of sparkling wit of Heyer and the mannered prose of Austen , I got a by the numbers , derivative , cliche historical romance novel that -LRB- weirdly -RRB- also wanted to be modern chick lit and a spy adventure as well.The heroine Amy is a firm and permanent resident of the too stupid to live club . Seriously . This girl did one dumb thing after the other . And had to be repeatedly rescued . And for a woman who was looking for a spy whose life depended on things like secrets and discretion , she was terribly indiscreet.But Amy is not the only dull knife in the drawer . For a super spy who has eluded capture for years , Richard is also remarkably inept . First he has pretty much told his entire family his secret identity . Is n't that like rule number 1 in the spy handbook ? You do n't tell anyone your identity especially not your mother and your younger sister . And then there are the scenes where he and Amy are so overcome with lust for each other that they ca n't resist making out . Only problem is , they are usually in public and in one case in a precarious situation where they could be discovered by the secret police any moment.There was also a very modern feel to the language that struck me as out of place . While not overtly anachronistic in word usage , the tone was just off . I got the impression that author was doing this on purpose and trying to let us in on the joke . But imo , it failed miserably.Also , I could pretty much predict how the H/h were going to act and react to each other . Not one character did anything surprising or unpredictable.Actually , I retract that last statement a bit . This book was not a total waste . Jane , the heroine 's cousin was actually an excellent character . She had all the brains , wit and composure the heroine should have had . Had Jane been the heroine of this novel and been allowed to retain her character this would have been a much different story.And I do have to admit the book was funny in some places . The last scene where Richard 's family shows up and wants to meet Amy was a entertaining.But even with those one or two positive things , the book overall was still a huge disappointment for me .
 This novel purports itself to be a historical mystery/thriller but what it really is is another predictable , one-dimensional character-filled Regency romance . It does not even work on the parody-of-Regency level . It was also painfully obvious throughout the book that this is a first novel , and I could hear the author saying , `` See how neat ? I 'm writing a book ! '' The framing device of the modern-day PhD candidate does not add to the novel at all , and there is a consistent lack of tension throughout the entire book . I never worried about the characters , and therefore I never cared about them.The characters are incredibly anachronistic which might be fine for some readers but not for those of us who like our historical characters , well , historical . In fact , this book really does n't belong in the Historical genre as it is firmly in the Romance genre and the historical setting was very secondary to the romantic plotline.That said , I did make it through the whole book , so that says something .
 There were some clever parts to this novel and some of the characters were rather humorous and entertaining but , in the end , this book was nothing more than a romance novel masquerading as historical fiction . I was HUGELY disappointed in it .
 I bought this expecting a little light-hearted , historical romance fun . What I got instead was a book full of cliches , stupid jokes , stereotyped characters , and annoyingly written , stupidly orchestrated , cheesy love scenes . The entire plot was completely obvious from the beginning . I did n't even waste my time finishing it , just flipped to the back to confirm I was right . It 's going back to the bookstore .
 This novel could have been so much more . It seems anyone from Harvard can get a book deal these days . The author may be a little too young to undertake such a series of books . I was lost in the unrealistic characters and the over used catch phrases like `` brown paper packages tied up with string . '' As soon as I would get the score of The Sound of Music out of my head she would say it again . Do n't get me started on when she talked about Robin Hood wearing manly tights . Overall very disappointing . Leave this one alone .
 I picked this up looking for something light to read in waiting rooms . What a mistake ! Every chick-lit post-Bridget Jones cliche is there , with an overlay of `` history '' . The pacing feels like the author hit her contracted number of words and suddenly realized that she had better wrap it up . Do n't waste your time .
 Where 's the Secret History ? Where 's the plot?The prose and dialogue is adequate , but where is the story ? I find myself asking WHAT I 'm reading . Then I ask myself WHY I am reading . The plot in this book can be condensed to short story.Eloise can be dropped . Since there 's no story with this character either , why have her ? Is this supposed to copy the movie `` Possession '' where the researches get romantically involved ? It 's been done . If ` Eloise ' is just a love story or the big surprise is that we find out she 's related to Amy , that 's too weak.Amy has the start of a vibrant character with her dialogue style , but again , it 's just conversation . No action . No desire to read on is instilled in the reader.I see this is a series and will read on , but I suspect the series could have been condensed into one book . But this reflects the state of our publishers and editors who often want to put product out , quickly , continuously , rather than allowing the author the time needed to develop a plot . Sometime I wonder if they ever read a book .
 I finally got a chance to read this book , recommended by a local store clerk . Unfortunately , when I got to the chapter in which Eloise finds information that might help her find out who the Pink Carnation is , it was easy from then on for the reader to know who the Carnation was indeed . It was way too predictable . The story -LRB- of all these spies -RRB- * is * interesting , it 's just too bad that Willig could not come up with other possibilities to tell the reader who the spy was . In the end , there was no twist , and the ending actually left me unsatisfied . No , I wo n't spoil it and tell you who is the Carnation , you will find out yourself when you read it . And no , I will not read the follow up of the book , The Masque of the Black Tulip.Despite this , Willig 's writing is quite enjoyable , and the book reads very easily . If you like predictable novels , you 'll definitely enjoy this one .
 A light , light , light book . The best that can be said is that it 's a good book for when you 're totally brain-dead ; it gives you something to look at that does n't take much intelligence . Slightly escapist.Other than that , it 's a mess . The characters are basically modern people set back in the 1800 's , with token allusions to the era . The way they spoke and behaved , aside from overused exclamations such as `` Zounds , '' was much more 2004 than 1804 . Others have spoken of sloppy history ; I do n't know enough to critique that , but it would n't surprise me . I grew increasingly irritated by the anachronisms.In short , I have a sneaky suspicion the author has good connections . To get not only this book published , but an entire series ?? Zounds !
 Like many others , I was lured in by the mention of the Scarlet Pimpernel . I am an avid fan of the series , and felt that I was compelled to buy a novel involving him even if it was from the bargain bin at the grocery store . Alas ! had I only listened to the little voice inside my head saying `` Grocery store novel ? You demmed girl , you can not possibly buy one of these ! What of your reputation , eh ? '' I confess that I did n't finish the book , and reading the other reviews for this novel , I do not feel that I am missing out . In fact , I feel that I have been saved much grief and purple prose.Anyway , what made me put the book down ? All of the errors regarding the Scarlet Pimpernel ! Egads ! but there were so many mistakes ! First off , the mere IDEA that Sir Percy would fail on any mission is incredibly laughable to anyone who 's read the series . Second , the reasons for Sir Percy 's retiring are incorrect . He did n't stop because his identity was revealed , but because the Terror ended and there was no reason to continue . The author would have known this had she read the Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel and also the Life and Exploits of the Scarlet Pimpernel . You may think , oh big deal , you 're just being nitpicky , but come on , the entire foundation of the book depends on the Scarlet Pimpernel . If she ca n't get even the basics correct ... You 'd think a PhD candidate would do a little more research . She also adds a League member which is severely tampering with canon there.Oh , and do n't even get me started on the tackiness of two other adventure heroes with the same style name . Ca n't they be a LITTLE creative ? And Amy was so obnoxious and anachronistic.Anyway , if you 're a Pimpernel fan , please resist and just reread The Elusive Pimpernel or Lord Tony 's Wife or something .
 I bought this book on the bargain shelf thinking that it would be a fun historical romance with a little espionage thrown in . I kind of want my six bucks back.Let me just say that the advertising for this book is completely misleading . I know that they say that you ca n't judge a book by its cover , but I have found over the years that you can at least get a sense of the book 's target audience by looking at the cover . This one is absurd . Seriously , it 's about as bodice-ripper inaccurate as one can get , and the ridiculous , flowery , Harlequin-nature of the prose had me gagging . I can not stand straight-up romance novels with flat characters and improbable plots , and that 's all this turned out to be , albeit printed on more expensive paper and in a different paperback size.If you like romance novels , you 'll probably like this book . That 's fine . A lot of very smart , well-read people like romance novels ; I just happen to not be one of them . I 'm rating it a 2 because if you 're just looking for a flat-out romance novel , this is probably a good book for you . If you want an honest-to-god adventure yarn , however , do yourself a huge favor and search elsewhere.Damn you , you dishonest marketers ! Oh why did you have to sucker me so thoroughly ?
 Much is made in the cover blurbs , readers ' guide , etc. , of Meg Cabot 's description of this novel as `` genre-bending , '' but I think do n't think she meant that it was too much contrived romance and too little historical accuracy to be a historical novel ; too much history to be pure chick lit ; too much silly sex to not need Fabio on the cover macking a maiden in a torn gown . Unfortunately , the romances are too bogged-down , obvious and dull to make this an adventure story ; and there 's too little chemistry or believable characterization to be an interesting romance.So much of the behavior and events beggar belief . The main character 's chaperone attacking Napoleon with her parasol for bad manners ? The main character sneaking into and searching Napoleon 's study ? Not to mention practically getting to third base with a man whose face she ca n't see and name she does n't know ? In public ? Really . Amy and Eloise both behave like bratty prepubescents rather than young women and do an awful lot of groping with the male leads whom they ostensibly loathe . One can hardly imagine Elizabeth or even Lydia Bennet behaving so abominably . I honestly did not get that when main narrative started , Amy is already of age ; I thought it was another section of her childhood when she was maybe eleven . That 's never a good sign , is it?The humor is funny the first time you hear the same joke , but mostly very heavy-handed and becomes very repetitive . The action is extremely predictable , unimaginative ; and the mystery not at all mysterious . The characters are flat stock and their relationships not believable or even interesting . If you 're taking a break from your political theory dissertation or something , you can skim through this quickly for a bit of escapism , but honestly , you might do better with the aforementioned Fabio bodice-ripper .
 I 'm a long term reader of romance . I bought this book because of enthusiastic recommendations from people in the romance reading community . Was I ever disappointed.If you like reading those Elizabeth Peters books where the men always patronise the women , and the hero and heroine spend much of their time arguing with each other while `` solving an exciting mystery '' and `` having and exciting adventure '' , this is the book -LRB- and series -RRB- for you . If you do n't , it is n't . I read vampire romance ! I 'm happy to jump on the `` suspension of belief '' train and be taken all kinds of weird places if the writing is good enough to take me there . Suspension of belief is not helped by the way the ? Purple Gentian has a special cloak and mask he puts on when he goes spying , as you do in espionage ; then there is the way Napoleon 's office is clearly a meeting place for everyone and their dog to hop in and out of , search for secret documents and snog in.The 20th century plot is obviously going to drag on for 10 000 books , with the heroine being an idiot , frustrated and powerless . Notwithstanding the fact that she is a Harvard doctoral candidate . I 'm not sure why the writer bothered with the 20th century plot - it 's extra work for her , and who cares ? The mysteries are n't interesting enough - it 's clear there will be more stupid letters/documents for the character to discover/read in subsequent books . So ? I do n't care because the character never became a person for me . None of them did.If you like strong character driven narratives , be they romance or any other sort of fiction , this is not the book for you . Many reviewers have pointed out that the age of the characters comes across as being about 12 , which is fine when they are 12 , but not when they are 20 or above . If you need to like the protagonists or at least need to empathise with them to get sucked into a narrative , there is likely to be a problem as well - unless you are 12 , in which case you should n't be reading this book . Willig might like to consider stripping out the sex scenes and remarking the books to 9 - 13 year olds . She 'd make a mint , although perhaps not in France.I , like other reviewers , was affronted by the trivial and disrespectful way the author treated Napoleon and the French revolution , as if it was all a jolly black and white background for her paper-doll characters to have a lovely romp , being `` spies '' and giving themselves spiffing flower names . If you have any real positive connection with the French , this is not the book for you . There 's also quite a bit of `` oh , gosh ! A body ! rather ! A mystery ! how jolly ! '' If you enjoy that sort of thing , this is definitely the book for you.This series is beloved by many very well-informed romance readers . Clearly they do not have my suspension of belief problems - maybe they like children , and thus were not as unenchanted with everybodys ' infantile behaviour in the book . I decided to post this review because I was so affronted and disappointed by this book , clearly written by someone with skill , a broad education and brains . I wish a review like this had been up for me to read before I wasted the $ 5 and a few hours of my life .
 Quite possibly one of the worst books I have ever read . I think the author may have been going for a satire of the Scarlet Pimpernel story , but this book is dreadful . Clich&eacute;d characters , people who speak and act like 21st century characters in a 19th century setting . Laughable dialogue , a contrived storyline , from start to finish there is nothing to recommend the book.I thought I was getting a good historical fiction , what I got was a bad romance book and most unbelievable of all to me is that this appears to be the first of a series.With all the wonderful writers out there , the fact that this book was even published is astounding .
 Alas , what begins as a light fun read deteriorates to farce.The author tried to weave a modern search for a historical swashbuckler in with the period action . The current day tale is quite unnecessary and gets lost . As for the swashbuckling portion of the story , the French officials are the only ones who seem unable to determine who the cloaked figure is . He 's busy saving England from the French , while groping Our Heroine . The author spends far too much time -LRB- and written detail -RRB- on the groping and panting , swollen this and that , bulging other . As for Our Heroine , the author can not decide whether she is cunning enough to overthrow the French plot against England , or cunny enough to lure half the men in the story.An ok summertime beach read , but Scarlet Pimpernel is a much better read .
 I , too , was drawn in by the appeal of an `` historical novel , '' thinking to learn something of the French Revolution , The Scarlet Pimpernel , Napoleon and Josephine , 18th century espionage , etc. as implied by the marketing . The two leads do talk a lot about `` Saving England '' and `` Restoring the Monarchy '' ... unfortunately , the author spent more time writing ludicrous and wildly improbable sex scenes than anything resembling history . Perhaps Willig intended a spoof of Jane Austen written as a James Bond novel by Georgette Heyer but if so , it misses the mark .
 Glib dialogue , run-of-the-mill characters . As another reviewer put it , the characters spoke `` modern '' English while running around dressed in 18th century clothes . It even lacks the passion to be termed a bodice ripper .
 If you find scenes like the below funny , this is the book for you . ` Meanwhile , Miss Gwen was advancing on -LSB- Napoleon -RSB- Bonaparte , backing him up so that he was nearly sitting on Josephine 's lap . `` While we are speaking , sir , this habit you have of barging into other people 's countries without invitation -- it is most rude . I will not have it ! You should apologize to the Italians and the Dutch at the first opportunity ! '' ' `` Mais zee Italians , zey invited me ! '' Bonaparte exclaimed indignantly . ' I bought this book hoping for a delightful romp through the imaginary days of the Scarlet Pimpernel . I was disappointed . The humor was heavy-handed and the behavior was wildly inappropriate for either Orczy 's social period or that of the First Consulate .
 * Caution
 I started reading with the idea that this might be spirited good fun , and I have to admit that I did chuckle for a bit . By mid-way through , however , it was clear this was going no further than the first dim-witted silliness . My chuckles grew few and far between , and were replaced by far more prolonged groans . By the end , I had to force myself to finish . -LRB- Why finish ? I have no clue . -RRB- If you can imagine reading a `` romantic spy '' comic book placed in the aftermath of the French Revolution , without the benefit of a comic book 's colorful cartoon drawings but nevertheless complete with little bubbles above the characters ' heads generously supplied with `` AARGHH '' and `` YIIKKES '' and `` GRRRR '' , you 've pretty much set the scene . -LRB- Despite their reputations as master spies , this is a physically challenged lot , including our tall `` dashing '' hero and curly-haired voluptuous maid , as they constantly take pratfalls , stub their toes and agonize as their noggins collide while trying to steal a kiss . -RRB- Recognizing that the author wrote this tongue-in-check -LRB- at least I sure HOPE she did -RRB- , I could have done with far less Three Stooges and far more crafty cleverness and witty dialogue . And the characters are as one-dimensional -LRB- that is complete idiots -RRB- as Popeye and Olive Oyl . But then , I never have been a fan of the Sunday comics , so if you are - ignore me . For anyone who 's looking for an entertaining romantic suspense novel or a clever take-off of the romance genre , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 This story seemed to have a lot of promise while still carrying desirable light-read elements . Unfortunately the author ca n't write dialogue and can only imagine romance blossoming from people who banter in unclever , unrealistic -LRB- even for a romance novel -RRB- fashions . I did n't give this `` one star '' because of the fresher-than-average plot . Too bad someone with a gift for writing did n't pen this .
 Stating the honest truth
 I have the audiobook of this , which I got on sale -LRB- thank god , though I 'm sorry I paid a dime for it -RRB- . The narrator is quite good , but the poor thing is working with some pretty flimsy stuff . There 's nothing remotely historically accurate about this , but I 'm not sure anyone would expect that . It 's sort of a romance novel , though a fairly tame one by modern standards.The main thing that annoys , however is that the 19C heroine is such a dithering idiot you want to wring her neck . She behaves like an 8-year-old boy trying to worm his way into his older brother 's clubhouse . She wants to be a spy , but has no idea what spies are actually after . It 's kind of a cloak-and-dagger game for her . The author does that romance novel thing of having this woman be `` spirited , '' which means cutely indignant every so often for no particularly good reason . Then the hero gets miffed at her . It 's unspeakably tedious . And she 's constantly stubbing her toe or falling down and squealing `` ouch ! '' when she 's trying to be stealthy . The modern heroine is also always spilling things and tripping . I 'm not sure if this clumsiness is supposed to make them adorable or relatable or what , but it 's just irritating . By the halfway point , you 'll find yourself wishing in vain that the halfwit will get herself killed , as she is forever on the verge of doing , but no luck.If you want a heroine for whom you can muster at least a morsel of respect , look elsewhere .
 If it were possible to give a zero-star rating , I 'd give this book exactly that ! `` The Secret History of the Pink Carnation '' is about espionage during Napoleon 's reign . Eloise Kelly , a Harvard graduate student , flies to London and delves into research about English spies as her thesis . She eventually finds out that the Pink Carnation is a woman spy . History , romance and feminism , plus the author 's a PhD , so naturally , I was expecting something well-researched and informative yet light and fun to read.What I got instead was a really badly-written , plain stupid romance novel set in the 19th century . The two main characters were hormonally overcharged , unbelievably idiotic and I kept on asking myself how the hell they survived as spies . Amy and Richard groped each other wherever and whenever they went , during trips , before and after fights , during surveillance , during missions . Throughout the novel , Amy 's bosom was constantly heaving , and Richard had a perpetual hard-on . The narrative switches between past -LRB- Amy -RRB- and present -LRB- Eloise -RRB- . Eloise 's story is when she 's not reading Amy 's letters for research , she 's fantasizing about Colin Selwick , Richard and Amy 's descendant . The narrative did n't work out as well because it felt like two separate novels - `` Amy 's Heaving Bosom '' and `` Eloise 's Forbidden Fantasies '' - being mashed into one.I can not help feeling like I was bamboozled . I was conned into buying this unbelievably idiotic book ! What happened to the well-researched and informative part ? I was glad to have picked up this book in a bargain bin , because it sucked big time , and if I had bought it full-priced , I would 've felt really , really bad . I should 've trusted my instincts and turned away from this book 's frilly , frothy pink jacket and its blurbs which scream `` brainless , dumb chick lit '' . While I firmly believe in the saying `` Never judge a book by its cover '' , I think that this time , I 'll make an exception .
 I could n't finish this book . Lauren Willig manages to commit within the first 70 pages nearly every fault I attribute to shaky first novels and bad historical romances . I 've read too many of both to have any patience with either any more.Willig gets high marks for her premise
 I love to find new authors , and I will look to see what else they have written so that I can enjoy this new storyteller-but , I ca n't with this book . This had been a bookclub pick , so I did n't have a choice in reading this book . It was very hard to get into-seriously-the book got somewhat engaging at around page 300 or so . I felt that it was a step above a `` typical '' bodice-ripping book , but not by much . It was a very `` fluff-filled '' book . It was very easy chick lit and a little to blah for me .
 Maybe , just maybe , this terrible bit of amateurish drivel can be attributed to the author 's youth , but I suspect her purple prose and hackneyed storyline have more to do with far too much made-for-television movie watching than chronological age . The dialogue -- complete with psuedo-stage directions that try to pass as prose -- is almost unbearable , and the plot is even more trivial than the cliched character development . However , I would have loved it when I was twelve or thirteen ...
 You know , I had decided not to write this review in the if-you-can ` t-say-anything-nice spirit of things , but when I saw that there had actually been a sequel written , I was appalled . I think that Lauren Willig does have some talent for dialogue , but it only emerged a few times in The Pink Carnation . I did hesitate over buying the book - The Pink Carnation , for goodness sake ? - but the cover art got me . The plot - both of them - was so full of holes that it was distracting . Although it moves back and forth between 21st and early 19th century , both sets of characters respond as 21st century characters , so you do n't get the then-and-now contrast that can be so fun . I did n't expect Possession , but I did expect more than I got . And the absolutely ludicrous love scenes . Who in their right minds would have a make-out party in the bedroom of their sworn arch-enemy while searching his room ? They deserved just what they got . I think the two very worst things I can say about the book are this
 Based on a review of this book , my book club decided to read it . When we then got together for our monthly meeting to discuss the book , our meeting quickly turned into a meeting of laughter and unbelief . How in the world did Miss Willig get this book published ? Unfortunately , we all agreed that it is by far , the worst book any one of us has ever read . Between the ` zaps ' and ` thumps ' and so on , we were not sure if we were reading a cartoon . The vocabulary is not of the times , and the manner of writing is not only boring , but it detracts from a story which perhaps has potential . Between the 12 of us in the book club , we might have read the whole book . Our suggestion is , please do n't write the next book !
 Let me state right now that I did n't finish the book -- I put it down as soon as the Purple Gentian made the stupid remark about Amy 's kissable neck . I could n't care less about whether the book is faithful to the period setting or whether the characters are able spies.It 's just badly written .
 This book is the first in a series , one of which was ranked highly as a great summer read . To be fair , it is easy to read -LRB- unless typos frustrate you -RRB- and the subject matter is light and entertaining . Your time could , however , be better spent reading Shakespeare or Jane Austen in the original . Willig has shamelessly incorporated not only the setting but also the unique characters and even the phrasing from earlier , better works .
 I took someone 's recommendation on this - she billed it as a somewhat more substantial novel . It is n't . Just another bodice ripper . If you like that sort of thing . I do n't so I 'm not even sure if it 's a good one . I imagine this as porn -LRB- but for women -RRB- - all about the sex and the story is silly and improbable and actually dumb .
 I expected an intriguing spy novel not a Harlequin romance with terminally immature protagonists . I gave up after 94 pages .
 As a fan of The Scarlet Pimpernel , I looked forward to this book very much ; thankfully , I got it out of the library rather than paying for it . I read the book in one sitting with a growing sense of frustration -- nothing seemed real . The characters were completely modern , the war seemed more like a trip to Disneyland than a dangerous thing , and the characters were so dumb they deserved to get caught spying . There was no sense of realism to the book . Perhaps I expected the wrong thing , but this book seems almost disrespectful to the people who suffered during the time the book is set , as it has utterly no concept of their suffering .
 The story of the Pink Carnation -LRB- purely fiction , mind you -RRB- would be a lot more interesting if it did n't pander to so many modern desires . Here we have a twenty year old gentry girl , in 1803 , on a personal mission to find a spy and become one herself ? The whole story is difficult to take seriously because it sounds like the silly day dream of a teenage girl . Oh , wait ... it is.Aside from the unlikely nature of the story -- referring specifically to the heroine who is terribly out of character for an early 19th century woman -- the story is told is an almost text book fashion , as if the author had a manual `` how to write novels '' sitting next to her . The most glaring example is the classic `` cartoon interruption '' . Do you remember those old bugs bunny cartoons in which a new character would burst into the room , or something outrageous would happen , and all action would immediately stop out of surprise ? Here 's an example , `` Jon stopped writing , sally 's knitting needles froze , Mama 's tea cup stopped at her lips , and a vase fell from the maid 's hands , etc. , etc. '' The only thing missing is a cat skreeching in the background . Well , the author of the Pink Carnation manages to employ this tired scene at least TEN TIMES . News Flash
 I 'm a book lover . I respect books as the wonderful gifts they are , and am usually the kind of person who frowns at someone else for a cracked spine or dog-eared pages . That 's just me , obsessive compulsive about books , like Cervantes ' Translator character in Don Quixote.That being said , I 've never had a stronger desire to rip something to shreds as when I was stuck reading `` The Secret History of the Pink Carnation '' by Lauren Willig . I like historical fiction . I enjoy it even when it is n't accurate , so long as it is written well . But this book is n't even close . It 's insulting , as in , I ca n't believe they publish this pooh . There 's a place for writing that is this bad . The internet.To sum this up , Pink Carnation is comparable to bad fanfiction . Find some good fanfiction online and save some trees and money by not buying this book .
 The publiciity surrounding this book suggested that it was a well-researched historic novel . This book is pure romance and utterly predictable . The author has a good flow and is pleasant . However , the plot is weak . I think the author has a future in romance but , alas , this book is more of a rough draft than a finished product .
 I would be willing to accept a so-called `` light-hearted romp '' or farce , or whatever , but please ! Even with the bar set that low , this book manages to miss the mark.The premise of the book is entirely implausible . The whole spying plot is a pointless game - the spies ' goal seems to be to merely annoy the bad guys , and the bad guys are the most cliche-ridden Snidely Whiplash villians imaginable - yet at the same time they can be vanquished by a scolding on manners . The hero allows himself to be distracted from his mission by trivialities - not a very reliable spy , I guess . It 's unclear why he even has a cloak and mask - what would be point of that , anyway ? And why does he enter and exit his home through the front door while wearing cloak and mask ? The heroine seems omniscient , with her leaps to fantastic and coincidental conclusions , her access to royal papers and conversations , and ability to know exactly where the hero is imprisoned.I 'm not even sure what the characters ' motivations are . Why do they even care who 's on the throne ? They do n't seem to dwell on it much - even the death of another spy does n't seem to bother them much.The writing is formulaic and laden with cliches . We have saucy minxes stamping their feet prettily , the obligatory device where the hero and heroine 's initial dislike for one another has to be overcome by love ; flaring nostrils ; everyone exclaiming `` Drat ! '' when foiled ... Characters scowl with anger , `` oomph '' and `` oof '' in slapstick scenes , and pace with anger . And of course the parallel modern-day story is ridden with updated cliches of the same kind.The thing reads like a George Hamiliton b-movie spoof of a Zorro movie . Maybe that was the author 's intent . But it lacks the wit and originality of one . And yes , I 'm being sarcastic .
 I can usually force myself to read a romance novel , not so , however with this . The constant use of simile , including the ridiculous love scenes , `` She cried out her pleasure as a thousand diamond sparkles exploded across the back of her eyes ... '' -LRB- please -RRB- was annoying in the extreme . The author tried to be funny , but ended up being obnoxious instead . I did give this one star , and even if I could have given it no stars I would have given it at least one due to the author 's effort to entertain her readers . Next time I would suggest she do a little more research , and give her readers a little more to chew on other than her one dimensional characters , and predictable , silly story .
 I am all for comedic books and light reads , and regency romances ... but this one is just plain silly . Based on the premise , I expected a tale of intrigue , romance and danger . What I got was a tale of idiocy , sex and bumbling . The present-day Harvard student and the 1803 `` well-bred '' lady who traipses about like a street urchin and practically loses her virginity on a canal boat in front of a boatman without even a second thought think the same , speak the same and act the same . The only reason that this book can be said to be set in 1803 is because Amy did n't have an airplane or a car , and because the author kept beating us over the head with famous people of the time with whom the heroine could interact -LRB- One of whom she admittedly fudged into the story a year too early -RRB- . I felt throughout the book as though the author doubted my ability to understand her and therefore had to simplify things to the point of inanity . Although , this book got enough good reviews that I suppose Ms. Willig has her audience . I certainly wo n't hang around for the sequel!My suggestions to the author :1 . Your readers are not 12-year-olds2 . Read a book of Regency etiquette if you are going to write about it3 . Do n't lure your readers to your book by talking of intriguing subjects such as the Scarlet Pimpernel and then leave them hanging without the return on the promises it suggests .4 . You lost me completely when the heroine said `` Argh `` I gave this two stars because I actually finished it , and because the author used the word `` Pulchitrudinous '' more than once , even if it was parodically .
 Gads , this is practically unreadable -- loaded with cliches , obvious hints , and all the other chick lit staples . I could not get past the first couple chapters , in which a grad student is simply given free reign with and access to a chest of invaluable letters by the letter-writers ' heir . That credibility-killer was enough to stanch my interest , but i read on a little further as I did n't want to be hasty . It only got worse ... Give this a wide berth .
 I read this book because a friend recommended it . I think I would have been a little less disappointed if it was marketed as a sort of sexy historical romance because that is what it is . I do n't expect a READER GUIDE and trade paperback/hardcover release for a book of this quality.The premise is that there are these flower-coded spies . I remember reading _ The Scarlet Pimpernel _ and it being much better than this . Now the Scarlet Pimpernel has retired and the Purple Gentian -LRB- this made me think , by the way , of Gentian Violet which is an antifungal medication -RRB- is spying in Napoleonic France , to try to prevent Napoleon 's planned invasion of England.I really hate novels of espionage and intrigue where the villians are just marginally more stupid than the hero and heroine . Apparently it is flat easy to be a spy because you can just , you know , walk into Napoleon 's study and see the bill for the invasion on his desk . And it 's even easy to break someone out of the hq of the Police Ministry because their guards are stupid as rocks and will take a drink from someone they do n't know . The heroine constantly set herself up to be raped and kidnapped , which WOULD happen were it not for the convenient stupidity of the aggressors . Argh . I could go on . Someone should have supplied Willig with the Evil Overlord list . And of course the Pink Carnation 's spotlight activity is offstage , sparing Willig the difficult authorial task of figuring out and showing how it was done.There was also a 21st-century `` chick lit '' angle which added really nothing to the story.There are much better books out there . Read something by Baroness Orczy or Diana Gabaldon or Dumas or Sabatini if you want real swashbucking , or Diana Norman if you want some real historical fiction of better quality without the stupid , and file this with the historical bodice-rippers .
 At the time that this book was released , I was working at a bookstore . The bookstore included it in its recommended reading list and that , coupled with positive feedback from other people , was enough to have me picking it up -LRB- for all that it took me until a few days ago to actually get around to reading it -RRB- . I am now terribly glad that I bought this book at a discount.I went in to reading the book expecting a tongue-in-cheek take on espionage during the French Revolution . Instead , I got a bodice-ripper . The book featured perhaps what is the least compelling cast that I 've ever read ; the heroine is insipid , the hero is ruled by what 's in his pants , the supporting cast is transparent at best . The heroine is a flake - perhaps her intended characterization in the spirit of parody , but she steps well over the line between amusing and irritating . The hero is remarkably ineffective as a spy , to the point that it 's a wonder that he survived his first attempt . The supporting cast is interchangeable and frequently confused ; I still ca n't keep straight the inner circle of the Purple Gentian , as the friends have little build-up until the climax of the book , barring the squabbling one has with the hero 's sister.The characters are modern - very modern . The women are spunky and dominating to a fault -LRB- unless the plot requires otherwise -RRB- , while the men exist primarily to ogle the ladies ' derrieres and angst . With a costume change , the book could very easily be set in the present day.The espionage in the book is laughable
 I 'm sorry , I tried and I tried but I just could not finish this book . Usually , the fact that I did n't finish would preclude me from being able to write a review about it , but my failure to read it was not due to disinterest or too little time - rather , I simply got tired of having to roll my eyes after every paragraph.First of all , I absolutely adore both historical novels and romance novels , as well as witty comic novels , and if a book can combine all three , so much the better and kudos to the author . But a historical novel this was not , nor was it a witty comic novel , and it was definitely one of the poorest romance novels I 've ever tried to read , considering that it sounded like it was written by a very ambitious , but inexperienced , 16 year old.Historically , this novel was a mess . The heroine 's language and behavior read like a young woman in modern times ATTEMPTING to speak and act like a young woman in the early 19th century , and not knowing at all how to do so . If we compare Amy to literary characters of Amy 's contemporary , I suppose she would be best equated to Pride & Prejudice 's Lydia , but Amy behaves with even less charm and more recklessness than the unlovable , feckless Lydia . Willig wants her heroine to be spirited and endearing but instead Amy comes off as childish and obnoxious . I was n't even going to comment on the sexual escapades that Willig insisted on indulging in this novel , but it really is too ridiculous to ignore . Amy 's behavior would be more typical of a brazen whore or an otherwise experienced seductress , but any other respectable young woman in her position would never have behaved so . It simply was impossible to be the innocent sex kitten that Willig wants Amy to be . In Regency England , you had to be either one or the other , and if you were The Other , you were scorned and shunned.As a comic novel , this failed miserably , and it was at Willig 's obvious but weak attempts at humor that most of the aforementioned eye-rolling took place . I consider myself to be a seasoned reader of British/Irish comic novels , with my tastes ranging from Austen to Fielding to Keyes to Wodehouse . I can appreciate bawdy humor as well as I can appreciate subtle witticism , and this book did not crack a single smile out of me -LRB- and it does n't even take much , really . I 'll laugh at almost anything -RRB- . As for the modern-day protaganist , Eloise ... just imagine me sighing heavily here . She tried . She really tried . She wanted to be Becky Bloomwood and Bridget Jones , but fell very , very flat.I really wanted to like this book . In fact , I bought it for myself instead of checking it out from the library just because from reading the description , I was sure I would like it and would want to have a copy of my own . I think with a little more fine-tuning and a little bit less of the obvious self-indulgence , Willig could write a great novel , and I really do wish her luck in the future . Maybe someday she will write a book that I can actually get through .
 Having enjoyed `` The Scarlet Pimpernel '' and loved it for years , I read about this book with interest . I saw much praise and looked forward to reading it . Unfortunately I was badly disappointed . If you liked Baroness Orczy 's classic , be warned . This is a pale , irritating copy . I though Guy C. Clayton 's attempt to use the book downright annoying , but at least it held together as a story.It 's a story within a story . Eloise Kelly travels in England to pursue research regarding secret agents of the Revolutionary era , specifically the Scarlet Pimpernel and his successors , the Purple Gentian and the Pink Carnation . She is given papers relating to the latter two , by a descendent of Sir Richard Selwick , the Purple Gentian.The inset tale then unfolds . Amy Balcourt has burned to pursue a life of adventure for years , having , with her mother , escaped the French Revolution . So when her brother invites her home during the peace she jumps at the chance , accompanied by cousin Jane and chaperone Miss Gwen . They soon meet Selwick on the boat to France . There follows much burbling between Amy and Selwick from their instant attraction . The nature of Selwick 's masquerade also dictates an instant antipathy , when Amy discovers he associates with Bonoparte . The tale continues through much chit chat between the pair of an allegedly witty nature . It also lurches along in great leaps of adventure that are absurd.We meet the brother involved in something nefarious with a shady Englishman who is suspected of being the Gentian . We then meet Bonoparte and Josephine at her salon and are subjected to a nonsensical scene involving him and Miss Gwen berating him . My patience , already being tried , became stretched.The further adventures of Amy defy logic and belief . She listens at doors , is let loose in the Tuilleries , finds secret papers , jumps from second storey windows nary a scratch , meets men at midnight without thought and nearly is seduced in a boat . She 's a first class pain . More hair than wit . Jane was far more interesting.Danger abounds but is far too easily overcome to be taken seriously.Richard is marginally better than Amy , but as soon as he kisses her , whilst on his mission , his brains leak out and he never recovers them.This is not romantic adventure , it 's a risible romp.Read the original , it 's got more true adventure , suspense and romance for all its age .
 I like historical fiction because it is interesting and makes me feel smart . I like chick lit because it is mindless and makes me feel less like my children are going to drive me insane . I suppose that it is * hypothetically * possible to write a combination of the two that would be funny , witty , and have the perfect balance of weight and fluff.This is not that book.Run , do n't walk away from TSHOTPC . It 's * terrible . * The Eloise scenes feel patched in , the historical bits are unconvincing , and the sex scenes are ... well , unnecessary is one way of describing the sex scenes . Inauthentic would be another -LRB- as many other reviewers have pointed out -RRB- . One thing that really irked me was the disproportionate focus on Amy , the ingenue/tramp ` heroine ' of the book . The novel purports to tell the story of The Pink Carnation , yet we learn at the very end that this ` legendary ' spy is actually ... Amy 's cousin Jane ? The one who has barely been mentioned throughout the whole book ? The one about whom a more interesting , though overwhelmingly Mary-Sue , book could probably be written?There is a reason why Amazon is selling this book new , in hardcover , for such a low price . I heartily dis-recommend it .
 The only surprising thing about this book is that it ever gotpublished . I was encouraged by the basic premise , but theplot was just too silly for words.There was no seamless segue between present and past ; insteadthe book lurched between one period and the other . The authorwas obviously confused herself , because she did n't realise whenher Regency characters should speak and behave differently toher modern ones . Georgette Heyer is in absolutely no danger ofbeing knocked from her pedestal as Queen of Regency romances.And poor Richard Selwick would n't have lasted two minutes in theband of the Scarlet Pimpernel - a more unfocused and ridiculousspy is hard to imagine . If he had n't got himself killed on hisfirst mission with Sir Percy Blakeney , he would have been sentpacking as soon as the band returned to Dover.As for Amy - was she really twenty , or only twelve ? A stupid , spoilt and childish brat with no charm or accomplishments toredeem her petulant and pouting behaviour . I was only sorrythat she did n't meet her end at the hands of the dastardlyFrench police.I skimmed most of this book , because it really was n't worththe effort it took to read slowly.One star for trying - but Ms Willig should n't give up her dayjob .
 I was very excited about this book when I read the review . I loved the Scarlet Pimpernel when I was a teenager and thought this would be a wonderful adventure set in the times of Napoleon . What an exciting time to set a romance / historical spy story.However , this is just about the worse book I have read in a very long time . The story line is predictable and character developement is disappointing at best.For example , the twentieth century Eloise is obviously an intelligent woman who has attended Harvard . But the only witty `` discussions '' with the `` hero '' Colin involves a frustrated stamping of her foot and such great facial expressions of wrinkling noses and other sophisticated methods of communication to get her point across . If she never faced diffcult and challenging situations at Harvard , she never learned from them.And , amazingly enough , that is the only way the Napoleonic heroin Amy can seem to communicate as well . -LRB- We 've come a long way , baby . -RRB- And the hero of Purple Gentian is too busy imagining himself jumping out of faux brandy barrels hidden in warehouses and cleverly addressing the French with witty verbal put downs and sword play to actually do anything of that sort.This is the first protagonist I have read that has a better imagination than mine.I have not yet finished this book and do not think I can . I keep on giving it a chance -LRB- over two weeks now -RRB- but I am giving up on it .
 After reading glowing reviews and an article about the author , I bought this book to take on a trip . Who does n't love a light read on the plane ? This one is so light , there is nothing there . Could n't put it down ? Could n't finish it , is more like it . Half way through I skipped to the end . Unbelievably predictable and inane , it 's insulting to the reader in it 's stupidity . However , if this were cleaned up a tiny bit , it might be good reading for an 11 year old . Reader , save some money , go buy a second-hand paperback romance . If the author is any indication of what is coming out of our institutions of higher learning , we can expect more smart people cashing in on the the little guy and girl , using the same-old same-old . The author sounds smart and interesting , to bad she 's using her skills to produce formulaic drivel . The historical background of this book is geared for the type of reader who only reads the first paragraph of any story in the newspaper . That 's not you ! Get out there and find something better !
 The best I can say of this book is that I finished it . I would n't call it genre-bending . I 'd call it basic and poorly executed farce . Good farce requires characters that bumble thru life because they 're quintessential bumblers . Or they 're accomplished people to whom accidents happen -LRB- think Richard Lester 's Three Musketeers -RRB- . In this novel , we 're expected to believe that the characters are both accomplished AND bumblers . And it just does n't work . The heroine of the main story is 20 years old , well-versed in classical languages , able to converse intelligently about ancient cultures with an expert antiquarian , and brought up in a social class and era with strict behavioral conventions , yet she behaves like a late 20th-century American 14-year old with no inhibitions and , disastrously to the quality of the novel , no common sense . The hero is worse . This 30-year-old scholar/swashbuckler and experienced rakehell behaves like a 16-year-old adolescent with galloping hormones and no discretion . The characters are n't even two-dimensional , let alone three . The author has clearly read everything from Baroness Orczy to Georgette Heyer to Elizabeth Peters and has learned nothing from any of them about making absurdity plausible .
 As for the title of this review , it 's not a far stretch to imagine Willig 's Delaroche -LRB- the dastardly French police deputy commish whatever -RRB- saying this , given the utterly laughable dialogue printed on every page of this book.I like historical fiction , and I 'd be dishonest if I did n't state that for the first 100 pages or so , this novel drew me in -- it starts off energetically and seemed to be moving along quite merrily . But soon after , it plummeted in my estimation to become one of the worst books I 've ever read . The characters , as has been stated before , are modern , and the stated `` premise '' of this book is fundamentally dishonest , since it turns out to be nothing more than a bodice-ripper romance that just happens to be set in Napoleon 's France . The sex scenes are excruciating and repetitive , what with endless mentions of Lord Richard 's piercing green eyes and Amy Balcourt 's heaving bosom and dark curls.I merely skimmed the last 20 pages rather than read them , all the better to place this book on the dollar-bargain table at work and out of my sight all the more quickly . Not recommended , unless you like wasting your own time .
 This reads like something a present-day 17-year-old might have written . I suppose as a light-weight , fairly brainless , romantic throw-away novel , it 's okay , but I mainly found the characters to be unbelievable , unsympathetic and annoying . The historical aspects are so badly done as to be ridiculous . A young woman in 1803 who acted as Amy does would have been looked on as a trollop , to put it nicely , and the hero , Lord Richard , who claims to love her , would rightly have been considered a cad or worse . The dialogue and characterizations often struck me as anachronistic they 're so wrong for the time period . If you like Jane Austin or the Brontes , stay away from this .
 I 'm always excited for a historical novel with a female lead , so I was very excited to start this book . However , I found it laughingly predictable -LRB- the cover gives away the secret -RRB- , and I found the characters to be one dimensional . Napoleon is a cliched , noisy , little man , Amy is an obnoxious , perky , heroine who acts like she lives in the 21st century . For those of you who know the term `` Mary-Sue '' it applies here.For all the `` research '' done about historical events and places , Willig forgot to look into manners and social customs . She attempts a Jane Austen tone but fails.I was expecting historical fiction along the lines of Magaret George and got a tawdry romance novel .
 I really wanted to like this book , and I did for about the first half . Towards the end the story just became too unbelievable . It seemed as though the characters were fully modern individuals who just happened to be wearing period clothing . The so called spies were as inconspicuous as an elephant in a china shop . The very end up of the book was really the last straw for me , it was incredibly cheesy and predictable , and worst of all entirely implausible.The dual storyline of the modern Eloise had potential , but never went anywhere and was therefore unnecessary and did n't flow with the `` historical '' -LRB- I use the term loosely in regards to this book -RRB- storyline .
 When I picked up this book at Target I was sooo excited to find another historical fiction novel to read especially for my upcoming vacation . After reading the first two chapters , I was completely annoyed and utterly disappointed . First , the author 's descriptions were overly exaggerated and just overly done . For example , you did n't find out how old some of the characters were until the end of the book so I thought the Purple Genitian was in his 40s the whole time . Character 's physical features were constantly repeated . I know he has blond hair , enough already ! Some descriptions could have been left out or could have been written in a smoother way . Characters did not have any depth and their introductions to the reader were very sporadic . The underlining historial facts were tossed around and seemed much more like fill-ins rather than as progressions of what I thought the story was supposed to be about . Point of views were confusing . The author went from third person to first person in one chapter that was supposed to be written in first person . It was a mess . Lastly , this novel should have been in the Romance section for it was moderately graphic . The author definitely needs fine tuning . All in all , this novel was not what I had expected and I wish I had borrowed it rather than bought it . The title should have been something to the point of `` Love Between Two Spies '' . If you want a smooth read , I do not recommend this book ... especially for vacations .
 Perhaps my disappointment is my own fault . The jacket blurb is fabulous , the cover captivating , the premise intriguing . I waited weeks to have enough to time to curl up on the sofa and read this book . I made it to page 55 -LRB- at page 22 I decided to force myself to get to page 100-not going to happen though , I just ca n't do it . -RRB- . I thought I was getting a fabulous historical novel , but it reads like every other Regency era romance I avoid . Amy and Richard have the exact same modern voice as Eloise . -LRB- modern people in old-fashioned clothes -RRB- Over and over again I read how intelligent and educated Richard is , but when he speaks , acts , thinks , I do n't see it . -LRB- For example - pg 43
 I picked this up in the discount bin at walmart hoping for a quick , funny , mindless read . Well , it was mindless . Willig had a good idea in spoofing The Scarlet Pimpernel books . Unfortunately she ruined that idea when she created two of the most idiotic , insipid heroines to grace the pages of a book that does not have half naked people embracing on the cover.Our modern day heroine , we 're supposed to believe , is a PHD candidate at Harvard , writing her dissertation on the Scalet Pimpernel and similar heros of the French Revolution . Not only does she appear not to have read the book , but she only seems interested in the subject the way a bored housewife would be interested in a romance novel . Desperate to discover the true identity of the Pink Carnation -LRB- a forgotten member of the league -RRB- she convenietly finds a pile of correspondance that reveals just that . As soon as we read the first letter any reader with two brain cells to rub together knows the identity of the Pink Carnation -LRB- though it takes our Ivy League heroine about 300 pages to figure it out -RRB- . Of course 50 % of he book takes place during Napoleon 's era , and our plucky heroine there is equally dimwitted . She and the hero -LRB- who of course is masked in the begining ! -RRB- have numerous missunderstandings -LRB- amidst several masked makeout sessions -RRB- but still manage to live happily ever after -LRB- naturally -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong - predictable can be fine if it 's entertaining . But any opportunity for humor is lost in the complete implasibility of everything that happens . That leaves this book nothing more than a missed opportunity for a fun -LRB- and even * gasp * clever -RRB- parody .
 I give the author props for an original premise . We are shown the English country side , the streets of Paris , abandoned manor passages , and the late Napolean 's court as a backdrop in the story . The idea of overthrowing empires via espianoge and intrigue always makes for an enticing read.However ... It seems like this novel was written as a guilty pleasure for Ms. Willig while pursuing her double degrees at Harvard . Although at times fun and intriguing , the reader is left short handed . The hero and heroine in the story do not really fall in love as their mutual attraction is more based on witty expressions and sexual urges . The heros and villains in the story are not very bright and the whole concept of how the Pink Carnation came about is highly unoriginal . For example , the characters who come up with the idea of making the Pink Carnation talk about the concept as if it were a game and then become giddy like little children . There 's nothing more a reader can do but roll their eyes.This book does succeed , however , as a side distraction . Engaging settings and comical moments . But for Napolean fans and historical puritans out there , do n't get your hopes up .
 This item was listed as a hardcover book . When I received a paperback version , I contacted the seller . He claimed it had been listed as a paperback . I sent him a screen dump which clearly indicated `` hardcover edition . '' I returned the book to him and have not received my money back . BUYER BEWARE .
 I read it quickly and thankfully it was soon over.Not much to the story except to highlight how one teacher dealt with her midlife crisis.Sky61
 I found the two books to be lacking in subject depth . Many times there would be a statement of fact which I knew meant nothing , but instead of following the statement of inference with the underlying facts the author would just go merrily on his way with the next subject . This collection of two books and a CD was worth about $ 19.95 instead of the $ 160 required to find out it 's uslessness . If I could get my money back I would and if someone other than the authors immediate family had written in a review I would have never bought this kit . I think Microsoft Press should either rewrite this kit or take it off the market .
 Author Hoffman did well in bringing the Kee Bird -LRB- B-29 -RRB- renovate-to-fly story to the reader . His vivid character descriptions made one feel he was in a smoke filled , `` expat '' barroom alive with dreams and deals . However much like the Kee Bird herself , Mr. Hoffman 's book failed to clear the runway and fly the reader to a satisfying landing . After the Kee Bird tale the author lapsed into a meandering style as he wrote of hohum tell-me-about-yourself visits with vintage aircraft collectors and relatively mundane -LRB- cf. the Kee Bird -RRB- aircraft recovery ops . Additionally , as noted by another reviewer , if you are a student of vintage aircraft you already know of the Hoffman tales via PBS , Discovey , and aeronautical periodicals .
 `` Hunting Warbirds '' primarily relates the story of the location and extraction of an RB-29 lost in Greenland in 1947 . As a story about modern archaeology it 's fairly interesting , as a story about warbirds and collectors , it 's superficial . Other reviewers have clearly outlined the rambling nature of the prose
 Piston-engined aircraft of WWII are among the most fascinating and important artifacts of the 20th century , part of some of the most intriguing history of war and humanity that affected millions directly and indirectly . It is not surprising that they evoke passion and obsession.This book attempts to describe the passion and obsession , but its disjointed , episodic and disintegrated form works against it and the technical errors are annoying . Reviewer Collins -LRB- see his review -RRB- correctly identifies the core problem
 Any book that purports to be about obsession automatically attracts those that share the particular obsession . Unfortunately for the author of this book about collecting and preserving warbirds , a lot of the readers already know a lot about the subject and are quick to note his errors . Mr. Hoffman is a capable enough writer , but his knowledge of World War II aircraft is limited at best . He has been extraordinarily lucky in that he has been allowed to enter the world of the warbird collector and was paid to do so . Sadly , his enthusiasm is that of the professional magazine writer
 My immediate enthusiasm for this story waned pretty quickly , under the influence of Hoffman 's many errors of fact , so disappointing from one with his aviation credentials . Such obvious and simple errors , which should have yielded to even the most superficial research -LRB- You 're standing there in front of the engine &#65533; Just count the cylinders , fer Chrissakes ! -RRB- , cast a nagging doubt over everything else he has to say . And why the hokey cloak - & - dagger act concerning the obsessive collector `` somewhere in the midwest '' ? The Walter A. Soplata Collection in Newbury , Ohio was written up in Jon Allen 's `` Aviation and Space Museums of America '' , and has been known among warbird buffs throughout the world for more than a quarter-century !
 The author obviously knows little about aircraft . This book contains many mistakes to the point of being annoying . The stories contained have been covered earlier and better in assorted aviation magazines of the past few years . If you are into airplanes , you have already read it .
 I am an advanced Latinist who spends some time every day studying Latin texts . The PRINTED version of Bennett 's is one of the most valuable resources I own . It is concise , accurate , and complete . The most imporant features for me are the excellent Table of Contents and Index that allow me to quickly turn to exactly what I 'm looking for . I would give the printed version 5 stars.The KINDLE version does not feature live links from the Table of Contents and lacks the Index all together . If I need to look up something on page 90 , I have to turn the page ninety times to find it . This makes the Kindle version useless as a reference tool . I have removed it from my Kindle .
 Since many languages are based from the Latin , I felt it would be a great base . I 'm having a little trouble getting into this one . I think it 's because I 'm just not quite ready for this particular style . I should have gone with one for dummies or something .
 It is long winded . I was disappointed with this . Hard to flick through . Not really meant for a quick reference . I would hate to have to work through this .
 much of the critical information is unreadable with question marks and other punctuation spuriously spread in the text where letters conveying information should be . Impossible to learn the language with such an unpredictable text .
 In short , My kindle froze because of this book.When I first downloaded a sample of this book I could n't turn to all of the pages but I liked what I had seen and thought the page turning issue was a problem with the sample format . I bought the full version . Big mistake . The book was slow to open and it took a long time to get to locations from the index . It froze temporarily weil I was turning to a page but I was able to get back to home . Something like two hours later when I tried to open the book again and an error showed up . I could n't open it so I tried a different book that I can usually read . It also showed an error and would n't open . When I tried a third book the error apeared again and the screen froze . Now all I can do is put it to sleep and wake it up with the error screen.From the content I was able to see this book is seems to be a great resource . Just do n't buy it for the kindle version .
 I did n't really use this as I had thought I would so I ca n't really rate this . Sorry about that
 I 've actually recommended this book on two occaisions to OLAP beginners because it is the only book I know of that covers OLAP from star schemas to DTS to cubes to MDX to ADOMD . That is this book 's one redeeming quality . So if you read this , you 'll get a good idea of what is going to be involved in an OLAP project . But do n't expect to learn much else , however . There is very little in this book that you could not learn from Books Online or MSDN for free . The book is riddled with typos , grammar errors , spelling mistakes , and technical mistakes . I wonder if the editors were paid -- they should n't have been ! Do n't be fooled by the `` Technical Reference '' moniker at all -- it is not going to be much help to a technician , especially one who has even basic OLAP knowledge . Bottom line
 This book contains some great references to scripture but was clearly written from a male perspective that is not favorable to women . There are other really good Christian books on alcoholism that might be more helpful and encouraging .
 I bought this book for my 4 year old , thinking it would help us to train him to stay dry at night . In actuality , it is for children dealing with the stigma of bedwetting . The book emphasizes how it is OK to wet the bed and OK for Mom to constantly change the sheets and wash the PJs . It was not what I expected ... I think it would be good for a child who is having serious psychological damage due to bedwetting , but not for a 4 or 5 year old .
 This book is worth reviewing only because it 's so sadly typical of many bathroom remodeling books currently on the market . Written in a breathy , ecstatic , inspirational style more appropriate to the spiritual uplift than the home remodeling literature , it 's short on information , sources and resources and materials or manufacturing credits . The taste level of the lavish photo spreads varies from the sublime to the ridiculous ; but in either case , even if you saw something you thought you might want to use in these pages and wanted to put a name to it , track down sources and prices ranges and assess its pluses or minuses for the particular installation you had in mind , you 'd be totally out of luck . For example , if the picture you 're interested in appears in the countertops chapter , do n't expect Ms. Kohn to make life easy for you and identify the wall or floor materials in the same picture , including the elements that might originally have caught your eye.This book reiterates the usual design and materials platitudes -LRB- `` Balance is the key to beauty as well as budget ! '' ; and
 Not recommended ! How can you create a web page without images ? The < IMG > tag has been overlooked . There are other errors as well . This `` reference '' may have been a little too quick .
 this book has some good information . however , they repeat the same thing over and over again ; they just rephrase it . The text is too boring to get anything useful out of it . I literally fell asleep while i was trying to study this book .
 this book is the most boring piese of garbage i ever had to read take it from a child that went through drivers ed the pictures are outdated some of the laws are wrong and it is extremely boring there is nothing in this book that is on the drivers test the only way to learn is through experience
 This book is a waste of time and money , the title is `` SMALL business kit '' but they talk about investment , deal with the media and board meatings ? Seriously ? So many things that maybe are helpfull for big companies but not for small or starting business . Do n't buy it !
 I was really excited to receive this book with the disk but when it arrived the disk did n't even work . they should send stuff that has a disk in a box cause envelopes do n't prevent cracking !!! I am really annoyed cause now i ca n't see what the book is talking about when it says to look at documents that are on the disk !
 I was sorely disappointed by the contents of this book which is written by an attorney who clearly works with venture capital funded businesses and who does n't understand a true small business .
 My husband came home with this book last week . I am considering buying a business of great interest to me , but I have next to no experience with retail . He has his doubts about the whole `` dummies '' series , but thought maybe it would help me . We both found the text to be vague , as I was looking for concrete definitions to some of the unfamiliar business terms which the book did not provide . At the same time , the suggestions for running a small business were ridiculously obvious and downright condescending . The book went back to the store , and I ordered a copy of Specialty Shop Retailing -LRB- How To Run Your Own Store -RRB- by Carol L Schroeder from my local library . I would HIGHLY recommend this book , and once I finish reading entirely I 'll take the time to provide a thorough review . But really , the book has a great layout and it 's enjoyable reading .
 I must issue a buyer beware for parents of younger students . I am a homeschooling mom and I purchased this for my oldest -LRB- early elementary grade level -RRB- . It has beautiful drawings and the cover is great . However , I have to say that some of the content of the book would be too difficult for a young elementary student . For example , the page on Romulus and Remus shows them naked -LRB- as children -RRB- and they are nursing under a she-wolf . I just felt that this would be `` too much '' for my daughter to handle . Also , I purchased other historical coloring books from Bellerophon and they are much the same with nudity and odd pictures and caricatures that are INAPPROPRIATE for younger students . Use Dover coloring books !
 I am rarely surprised by reviews on Amazon.com , in fact I come here regularly even when purchasing from other sites to read reviews on products of all sorts . When The Minerva Virus was recommended to me by Amazon based on my interest in Dan Brown , I figured I 'd give it a shot.Within the first chapter , it was clearly evident that the author is an amateur writer , and I would not be surprised if he also funded the publishing company , Night Candy , with his own money . This being said , whoever allowed this book to go to press with such disgraceful and abominable typos , grammatical errors and basically a tired plot line , should be fired.If you 've seen Eagle Eye , The Terminator and/or iRobot , there is little intrigue . I made it a point to finish the book , just to see if there was a shred of originality , and was overall completely disappointed.Example
 I looked at this book once and it had completely different drug info than my text , so I never looked at it again . Also , entire drug categories that were in my text were missing from this book .
 The material has no correspondence with the Microsoft requirements . Some of the topics actually belong in the Administration exam . The rest of the material is n't exactly wrong , just highly inadequate . The questions are utterly childish , and will give anyone a real shock when they try to sit the real exam . The supervising editor Michael Lane feels compelled to trot out his certifications MCP , MCSD , MCSE etc. . . every 20 pages or so . Perhaps he should read a book or two about editing instead .
 This book does practically nothing to help prepare for the SQL test . The examples are simplistic , the exam questions are nothing like you will see on the actual test , and the information hardly even qualifies this book as a reference . There 's a lot to learn for this test . Do n't get suckered into thinking that this will help .
 I purchased this book after taking the 029 test . I can honestly say that the `` test questions '' in this book bear very little resemblance to the questions on the actual test . The questions on the test are complex and difficult -LRB- often taking more 4 screens to present -RRB- , while the sample questions in this book are just too simple.The actual test is much more weighted toward practical how-to , and toward interpretation of complex t-sql scripts . The MS Press `` SQL Server 7.0 Database Implementation Training Kit '' is much closer to the mark , but still not adequate.More to the point is MS Press `` Inside SQL Server 7.0 . '' In order to pass the test , spend a lot of time examining t-sql and thinking about how to use SQL profiler . The real test is about SQL practice , and not about the `` 2-minute drills '' that this author seems to think are important .
 I read a chapter and then threw the book in the garbage -LRB- I had already underlined a bunch of stuff -RRB- . Do n't waste your money if you have hopes of understanding SQL implementation and passing the exam .
 If you are fairly familiar with most of the subject matter , this book will be useful for reviewing for the exam . The CD has an exam simulator , but unfortunately all the questions are the same ones at the end of each chapter . If you are looking to learn something new about SQL 7.0 , this is n't the book to use.There were far too many typos and poor examples . The book seemed like it was rushed to market . The editors should certainly feel ashamed ...
 I bought this book to help prepare for 70-029 . The test questions that come with the book are nothing like the real thing . The test questions on the exam are long and complex . They pose many life like situations that might be encounted as a DBA . This book does nothing to prepare you for those types of questions.I think this book would be helpful for someone trying to understand some of the basics behind SQL Server but having taken the test and used this book as one of my study guides , I will not buy another book from this company that is a `` study guide '' .
 I had to force myself to even get through the first five chapters to see if it would get any better -LRB- it did n't ! -RRB- . I 've done SQL on various platforms for over 10 years and am MCSE certified on MS SQL 6.5 , and this book is horrible ! For example , they confuse `` row '' with `` column '' , and do n't seem to know what `` dynamic sql '' is ! The practice exam on the CD has 195 questions -- I gave up after question # 60 because 10 % of their answers were wrong , or at best amgibuous .
 I am a programmer with extensive experienc in programming SQL Server 6.5 - 2K . I was so comfortable while reading this book and thought this exam could be a history in a week . Luckly , I also purchased a on-line practice exam from a vendor recommanded by Microsoft and realized that it will be a long battle.I eventually passed my exam on my first try even though I had really low score and totaly failed on Maintaining a Database part . All you need is the on-line practice exam because the book online , which comes with SQL Server installation should be sufficient . Of course , the on-line practice exam is no where closed to the real exam , also . At least , the format is really close.My recommandation is to study the SQL administeration exam guide first if you are a programmer . There are a lot of questiions which are not programmer friendly and I still have no idea what were the answers for the database maintenance part . Finally , I do not think this is a good choice for MCSD .
 I read three chapters and practise through the test questions , and start wondering `` Can the exam be so simple ?? `` This book is too brief , too simple , and the question does not prepare you for the `` real-life '' questions in a real test .
 Book is OK , it sort of follows the MS books . The CD is atrocious though . The self-test is n't at all representative of wht you would see on the real test .
 Treatment of SQL 7 is very weak . The book 's usefulness as a reference source is limited at best . It certainly is n't worthy of the title MCDBA study guide .
 This book is a waste of paper ! It is full of errors . The examples are basic and when they are not full of errors do not illustrate or reinforce the points in the book . It does not follow a logical flow when discussing the concepts . I must agree that this one was rushed to press ! It did nothing to prepare me for the exam ! Nor did it give me any new information on the product . Save your $ $ $ and put it toward your exam -LRB- since you 'll likely take it twice ! -RRB-
 The book only contains simplistic examples and does not provide accurate , working SQL code to see how the complex functions work . As far as MCDBA preparation goes - it is n't . Another example of a book rushed into the Public Domain to catch the unweary ...
 As others have mentioned this book starts off quite promisingly . It is essentially a mystery surrounding the death of a reclusive collage lecturer that is being investigated by a small town novice reporter . The nature of the book is much more that of straight story telling than literature and it times some characters seem a little too thin.Every second or third chapter describes an exotic artefact and how it falls into the hands of ruthless collectors . These interludes jump around from location to location and by the end of the book you might expect them to be tied back into the story in some way . Sadly , the book 's finish is lazy in the extreme . It feels like half way through the book the author ran out of time and need to write a quick ending , or perhaps could not think of a clever one . None of the artefacts described are actually tied back into the story with any certainty - prompting one to ask why they were discussed and detailed in the first place ? The ending to this story lacks any clever plot twists or surprises , while expecting the reading to believe a half-baked story of alchemists holding the key to the fountain of youth . Difficult plot conflicts are resolved by having the key players conveniently disappear or decide to move away - unforgivable ! Overall , I would not recommend this book .
 This book illustrates perfectly how the best intentions , a good style and decent research efforts can yield questionable results.Half way down the book , I found myself skipping entire chapters -LRB- the ones with the items description , like many readers -RRB- feeling they were anecdotic at best , but ill served the `` plot '' . As a matter of fact , by page 250 , I was still wondering if there was a plot - and I was n't sure I wanted to finish it to find out ... Well written - yes.Captivating - not in the least , at least to me .
 On the front of my copy of `` The Geographer 's Library '' is a blurb from the LA Times
 The whole idea of the book is fasinating ; I bought it without any recommendations because it sounded interesting . I kept hoping there would be a wonderful ending to tie all of the scattered writing together , but the ending was even more disappointing than the rest of the book . Do n't waste your time .
 While this book started off very well , it quickly went downhill . A murder , mysterious artifacts , an interesting woman ... sounds like a good story , right ? Unfortunately the story never delivers . Instead the book describes various artifacts -LRB- which definitely captured my interest at first -RRB- but then failed to actually tie them into the story in any meaningful way . If you really feel the need to read this book , get it from the library or wait for paperback .
 The book starts out promisingly and expecatations rise . As the plot develops however , Fasman gets lost . He explains little or nothing about the objects ` powers and the whole point of collecting the items by the deceased is lost on me . Also the so-calld most important item , the Emerald Tablet is barely mentioned except in the end and it is left hanging in the air , doing nothing.It is a pity that a potentially good plot was dropped by the wayside because the author did not know where to take it next.My advice
 Fasman is a talented writer , and many aspects of this book were generally engaging and interesting . However , these elements are too disparate and never manage to mesh into a satisfying whole . The chapters about the objects are never well-integrated , and unfortunately the ending is extremely unsatisfying.Paul Tomm is a young reporter who finds himself into something big when he looks into the death of an Estonian history professor . The story draws him into the world of alchemy and conspiracy , bringing him into physical and spiritual danger .
 What started as an interesting plot , with a appealing , guileless protagonist , just never went anywhere for me . The premise seemed less `` Di Vinci Code '' and more `` The Eight , '' but this book was no where near either . The hook of the artifacts was never realized in the story , and I found myself skimming huge sections trying to find out the point of it all . Unfortunately , there never really was one . Worst of all , not only did the protagonist not grow with the story , but he regressed . I basically could n't wait for the book to end , even with it 's very disappointing ending , so I could get on to something else . I 'd say to give this one a miss .
 I bought this book filled with high hopes , since I am a lover of historical fiction . My hopes were dashed and all I came away with were the following observations/complaints . Complaint # 1
 This is a somewhat well written book . Character development and dialogue are much better than in DaVinci Code . The plot is weak , however . The part of the plot set in the former USSR might sound OK to a westerner , but to me , a Russian native , most of it sounds na?ve and poorly researched . You might like this book if you believe in magic , alchemy and easy to convince in general . Otherwise read Umberto Eco .
 I got suckered in by the back cover synopsis and glowing reviews ; and it was a second hand purchase . With a penchant for historical fiction and some mystery , I thought I was in for an entertaining read . How wrong I was ! The tone was dark throughout , which would have worked had the characters and/or dialogue been more compelling , but the sum total ended up being boring and utterly forgettable . Fasman sticks in drawn out descriptions of `` alchemical '' artifacts in his alternating chapters that offer little explanatory value , and includes characters that come and go in such a way that they just end up being padding with no relevance to the story -LRB- I remember two priests presented and withdrawn this way about a third of the way through -RRB- . When the historical and contemporary story lines are brought together in the revelatory ending , I simply remember thinking to myself `` That 's It ? '' . A huge letdown of an ending . Perhaps it is because the subject of alchemy is large and convoluted itself that Fasman decided to go this route , but in the end the author never manages to turn lead into anything other than lead .
 This book was recommended for Dan Brown lovers and fully disappointed me . Half the book was a sub plot that was neither interesting or completely relevant . Main plot went nowhere . Would not recommend .
 To start with the good thing about the book
 only good thing this book did was encourage me to write since thic could be published !!! audio book terrible with plenty of bad words and bad story
 Well written , very well written in spots , but the ending is so weak as to make you feel you 've wasted your time . An ending that requires a previously minor charater to enter and provide a narrative to tie up all the loose ends is very disaapointing . The artifacts that are detailed throughout build to a climax that is n't there . These are never explained and in fact you never really understand who it is that is so diligently collecting these items and why . Some of the wonderful characters might be recycled into a story with a punch line .
 I saw this novel at Barnes and Noble this summer and had enough store credit to buy the book for only a few dollars . It looked interesting enough , so I bought it . I read it in just a few hours . It 's a frightfully easy read . The premise is very interesting
 Like other reviewers , I was excited about reading this book . I thought the plot and characters were great . However , I felt like I was treading water -- the story never went anywhere and the ending was a huge let down . Every other chapter dealt with certain historical artifacts , which were interesting to read about , but what was the point of providing us with so much detail ? This detailed information was never used in the actual story.It 's too bad , because it had so much potential .
 Seldom has a title engendered such anticipation for me . I love maps and book about maps -- the book is about a geographer . I love books and books about books -- the book is about a library . Well , suffice to say that there is no geography , no maps , no library -LRB- of any note -RRB- and no books -LRB- of any import -RRB- . I could have lived with all that had there been something to cling to
 I had never heard of this book when I bought it at an airport bookshop , and now I know why . The writing is sophomoric and the plot silly . The author seems primarily concerned with displaying his erudition , but this book has none of the wisdom of true erudition . Nothing ever goes anywhere , and none of the characters ever develop or hold the reader 's interest . According to the book 's cover , a reviewer from the Los Angeles Times apparently said this was a cross between Umberto Eco and John Fowles . Honestly , I can say the writing and plot of the average Hardy Boys book is superior . Do n't waste your money .
 Like Brown 's `` DaVinci Code '' , Fasman 's `` Geographer 's Library '' begins with the mysterious death of an eccentric academic . The protagonist , a young reporter from the local newspaper , is unwittingly strung along on a chain of interconnected clues that ultimately reveal the goings-on of a secret society . This narrative is interrupted in alternate chapters with separate narratives of individual items stolen from the academic 's house . Whereas in `` DaVinci Code '' the separate threads of the story played into each other and kept the Reader turning the page , Fasman does a poor job with these separate story lines and they merely interfere with the main plot . As many other reviewers have stated , the ending was unsatisfying . For me , it was too Deus ex machina , and reminded me of a `` Scooby Doo '' episode -LRB- `` I would have got away with it if it was n't for you meddlesome kids ! '' -RRB- . Intriguing title , but I ca n't really recommend this book .
 The book consists of the story of a listless and rather uninteresting journalist , interspersed with descriptions of alchemical artifacts and fascinating descriptions of how they changed hands . These two threads never really mesh , and the book just ends rather than resolves .
 I really wanted to love this book - but after finishing it I 'm left with the comparison of going on a date with a person who you believe is going to be truly amazing but in the end , does n't quite make the grade.To start with the positives , the short vignettes about alchemical instruments and their histories were super entertaining and left me wanting to know more . The characters , main and supporting , were generally very well defined - stereotypically or not . The central character , Paul Tomm , is an earnest , 23 year old Ivy League grad who is more than occasionally irritating in that 23 year old earnest Ivy League graduate way.Half way through my `` date '' in the Geographer 's Library , the plot lost steam and both author and reader find themselves rushing to get everything over and done with as quickly as possible . That such promise should be so unsatisfying was a great disappointment.Much of the story 's action is centered in Providence , RI at Brown University . But instead of referring to places as they truly exist , the author engaged in the highly disconcerting practice of `` lightly '' swapping names -LRB- e.g. , Brown is referred to as Wickenden - which in the real world is a well known street right near Brown ; Federal Hill became Carroll Hill -RRB- This would n't pose a problem to readers unfamiliar with the area , but for those of us who know it , mixing familiar with familiar to create something * new * -LRB- like we 're not going to be able to figure it out ? -RRB- is just plain irritating .
 This book is neither the rattling good read that the Da Vinci code is , nor the cerebral intelligent historical work of Umberto Eco and falls somewhere in between.Not keen on these novels that alternate chapters in the past and present . The plot held great initial promise but the author is n't successful in tying both plot lines together . I ended up skim reading or just omitting chapter after tiresome chapter just to get the thing finished - as the historic plot was n't going anywhere , I concentrated on the simpler modern day murder mystery plot . Would be interested in other works by this author though .
 My mother and mother-in-law have similar rules as to choosing books . Mom gives a book 25 pages to interest her . Mom-in-law gives up to 50 . They are , though , in complete agreement that life is too short and there are too many good books to read , so unless it 's assigned by your professor , pastor , or parent ... it 's okay to quit.I made it about 150 pages the Geographer 's Library 374 because I wanted to like it . At first I was giving respect to Fasman on the possibility that the author was trying to do a little more than write a standard time-shifting thriller -LRB- though I do like those -RRB- . His language was interesting and lead character had possibility . Eventually I continued to pick the book back up only because I 'm cheap and having paid for it I wanted to see it through . Can I quit now , Ma?I would have liked to have liked it . But it was dreary , depressing , and downright dull . The few times we 'd meet an interesting character -LRB- a former professor ; a bar owner ; a local cop -RRB- I thought , `` Ah , here we go at last . '' But they too quickly exited and though I expect each to have a key role later on , I just could n't keep holding on to hope any longer.No likable characters ; none to pull for -LRB- or against -RRB- . A mystery revolving the death of a creepy recluse of whom we know too little to make me care , investigated by a young man lacking any personality , with a love-interest who is downright creepy , along with a century 's past search for mysterious ancient articles that are so undefined I could not honestly tell you what they were though I 'm fairly certain I was told in the grocery list that ended each chapter . The flashbacks of the past almost become interesting but never do . And returning to the present time is so depressing as to become mentally painful.My hope is that the last two thirds of the book are worth a better review - so if someone tells you that the story kicks in around page 151 then just ignore me . Or , heck , start reading at 151 - you would n't have missed a whole lot.I think Fasman may write a great next story - there was enough potential to keep me trying to like this one - so I promise to give that one at least 50 pages too .
 A young reporter for a small town newspaper is assigned to wrote an obituary for a local professor . The more he digs - the stranger the story behind the professor 's life and death become . I wont give away any more of the plot but the slowly moving storyline in this book kept me going - not much happens in each chapter - but I felt the plot must be going somewhere . Then I realized I had 20 pages left and by the end of the book it occurred to me - the plot is thin and not much really happened . Each chapter of the storyline is interrupted by short story fragments related to a group of objects from antiquity . As the plot deepens you begin to wonder what all the objects have to do with the storyline and with each other . I will spoil it for you - you never really find out . Furthermore - the most important object - the one that is the center of the weak plot - is never described or mentioned until the end . The interruptions of the main storyline after each chapter becomes frustrating - reading this book is kinda like trying to drive accross a large city and you get stopped at each intersection by a red light . And when you find out all that information was for absolutely nothing - you get pissed . It is too bad because the writing in the book is very good - this book could have been so much more . But the confusing structure of the book and the thin plot ruin it . I hope the author thinks through his next book a little more carefully .
 When a young reporter Paul Tomm , who has just relocated to a backwater town is asked to write an obituary for a professor from his alma mater , he thinks it 'll be another day 's work . Instead , as he probes into Puhapaev 's life , he begins to see things are not that simple . He becomes involved with a young woman who was Puhapaev 's neighbour and possibly only friend . Things take a sinister route when Paul is threatened twice and another person dies in a freak accident . Jon Fasman 's tale starts off very promisingly but fails to deliver a plausible ending . He continually shifts from present to past by involving a `` geographer '' who had in his possession 15 items that were scattered centuries ago . These 15 items are now invaluable to obtain the elixir of eternal youth and someone 's killing to get them all . I give this novel a 2 because the 15 items were n't convincingly woven into the tale -LRB- and needlessly elaborated on -RRB- , the relationship defined between Paul and Hannah do no translate into a realistic romance and the dialogue is somewhat stilted .
 Probably because I 've enjoyed Dan Brown 's easy-to-read , fast paced , and historically/scientifically intriguing novels , I was attracted to this book because of a reference in a magazine -LRB- Newsweek , I believe -RRB- . For the first 330 pages or so , making myself read this book was difficult . Every other chapter is filled with pages upon pages of painstakingly inconsequential details about so-called alchemists ' items that themselves are inconsequential to the story . I found many of these sections excruciatingly boring , amplified by the realization , after finishing the book , that they had absolutely no meaning to the story at all . In fact , these items were essentially never mentioned after their description chapter.In Dan Brown 's books , he very clearly explained the reason that characters were seeking the central object . In this book , the only details left out were that of the main object . There was hardly a paragraph about what it looked like , and only a few unspecific references to its power . After finishing the book , I did n't know any specifics of the item , specifics of the people who ended up with it , and quite honestly did n't care.One last problem I had with this book was vocabulary used . Much of the time , the main characters are very crude and blunt . Other times , they use words that if I looked up in a dictionary , would 've taken me many more days to read than I already unfortunately spent . It is apparent that Jon has an outstanding vocabulary . That does not mean his characters should . The writing often came off as arrogant at times.In summary , I personally would n't recommend this book to friends . Other reviews indicate that mine is not a common opinion , but there were many traits of this book that I simply did n't enjoy .
 it 's amazing how well written back cover copy can get someone to pick up a book and give it a read . Such was the case with this book , whose deceptive description packaged it as some thrilling adventure story of lost treasures with magical powers . Granted there were some treasures with supposed powers but thrilling this was not , in fact it was quite dull , no action , no traversing the globe for our `` hero '' , no anything . Even at the bargain price you should just skip it .
 Best seller ??!! New York Times Best Seller ??!! Compared to the Davici Code ?????!!!! This book stinks . I am employed as a geographer , and have been for years . When I heard of this book , I was all excited that someone wrote a book in the history of maps and alchemy . Well , honestly this book just stinks . It took me forever to finish because I was so bored with it . Paul Tomm character was developed well , besides that , I ca n't find one good thing about this book . There were dual story lines , that did n't really have anything to do with each other , beside the fact that Jaan was the keeper of the 15 items . So what ?? It did n't mean anything . He should have just written a story about Paul Tomm finding the items all over the world , or have Hannah do something else the be boring . There should have been something else in the story !! Anything !! And the ending ... worse then the story line !! He beats and old man up who says he part of an ancient organization that can read the emerald tablet and it is so sought after because it was never turned over !!! Stupid . Worthless . I hated it . Should be on the NEVER READ LIST .
 While the underlying idea for the plot -- the intrigues surrounding the re-collection and protection of ancient , alchemical items supposedly possessing miraculous powers -- has lots of potential , a cumbersome structure turns what could have been a page-turner into a snorer . The characterizations and the plot did not receive the development they could have , given the abilities the author possesses , and the interchange between the `` modern '' story , past events , and the encyclopedia-style introduction of confusing items nearly brought the story to a stand-still . In short , the reader spends a great deal of the time wondering what is going on -LRB- and not in the sense of a good mystery -RRB- , and worse , wondering why anyone would have told this story in this way . I , frankly , could n't wait for it to end ; but it just went on , and on , and on . Read something else .
 I was trapped between flights in Dallas and had run out of reading material when I happened upon The Geographer 's Library . It was advertised with references to Umberto Eco and Dan Brown , but it read more like a cheap -LRB- but well-written , if you 're not looking for literary art -RRB- charicature of the best examples of the genre . The author tried hard to display a sweeping knowledge of history , but ended up seeming superficial and in places a bit silly -LRB- as when a Soviet agent responds to a comment about inequality in the `` workers ' paradise '' by saying all are equal , but some more equal than others - a ham-handed literary reference if ever there was one -RRB- . To be fair , I do n't usually go in for light fiction , but The DaVinci Code was sufficiently interesting to make me reconsider - this novel has firmly reenfoced my preexisting prejudices . If you like a light read , this is probably okay , but if you 're looking for The Name of the Rose you will feel totally ripped off .
 I picked this up expecting a thriller , perhaps with a bit of history mixed in . What I got was an plot involving a tablet allegedly found clasped to the chest of the Patriarch Abraham with the secret of immortal life etched on it . This object has been handed down through the generations until it shows up in the office of an obscure Estonian professor at Wickenden -LRB- modeled on Brown -RRB- University in Providence . Said professor dies in a hit-and-run . A young journalist working for a small provincial newspaper is assigned to write his obit . And so , the rickety plot is launched.Take this premise , add a bunch of alchemy , a mish-mash of weird antique objects , a pallid hero trying to make sense of it all and a weird female protagonist with nice eyes and you get a tedious trip through pseudo history leading to an unconvincing climax.I know there 's a whole sub-genre out there of books about strange historical curiosities that conceal matters of immense importance . I also know there 's a rich vein of stories about sinister secret societies plotting to take over the world . Heck , this kind of stuff is bread and butter to authors like Dan Brown and you ca n't quarrel with 100 million books sold . If the plot is gripping or the characters compelling , these books can justify their existence -- although I personally prefer real history and at least somewhat realistic situations . However , I 'm prepared to suspend disbelief if the writing is good enough.The problem with this book is that even in its own terms it 's not even vaguely believable . There are a couple of nice moments here and there but never enough to really engage me .
 I read a great deal ; 2-3 books a week and have done so for almost 40 plus years . This said it is very rare indeed that my opinion upon closing the book is that the author literaly owes me my time and effort back . Comparing `` The Geographer 's Library '' to `` The DaVinci Code '' is a direct insult to it 's author Dan Brown . Even the CD version of the `` TGL '' which I also purchased ; was the WORST read CD I have ever listened to . It was read soooo slowly at times I had to `` read '' portions of the book simply to get through it . Mr. Fasman 's obvious constant thesaurus use is blatant . To use `` big '' words simply to edify one 's ego ruins simply reading the book , and enjoying the story and plot line . Even in the end Mr. Fasman never completely answers ever aspect of the plot line questions he creates . He leaves many roads simply open and incomplete . Shame on this author !
 This book just did n't live up to my expectations . The premise seemed to be a great idea
 I bought this first-time novelist 's book based on its promising storyline about a murder mystery involving ancient relic and was crudely compared to the Da Vinci Code in my local paper . Oh , boy , it is not even close . It is intertwined with isolated episodes about how these relics were robbed in the past , which collectively takes up to half the book 's volume and turns out to have close to nothing to do with solving the so-called mystery . There is no suspense , no climax and no twist . The mystery was not fully solved and the gutless protagonist ended up just quitting both his investigation and his love affair , which I was shocked to find out after enduring the uneventful story .
 This book could have been so much more . Instead it grabs you with very cool short stories of mystical and possibly magical artifacts and their provenance only to let you down on the plot . It turns out that all those artifacts matter in the main story only as a collection . Not to use them in a story is actually a crime . You ca n't get people excited only to leave them abruptly in the cold , but that is exactly what the author does . The mystery is weak and extremely slow . And the resolution is even weaker and does not satisfy after all the build up of the individual artifacts . It is possible that the author was aiming for a sequel , but after such poor execution I , for one , would not be interested in a sequel in the slightest .
 As others have mentioned , there are two stories here
 This is the sort of book that gives software a bad name . It 's superficial , does n't support its claims with any substance , and resorts to evaluating products like IBM 's CB without ever using it . They claim they 've written substantial pieces of code with each product . I 'd love to see it , and then I might be able to understand where they 're coming from .
 Well ... . This book would be good if you happen to be ten years old . For me , even at age ten it did n't quite have the Star Wars feel , though I did find it interesting enough to want to read the rest of the series . Continuity though is important to me , and this book had none of it . However I will say that this series would be good for kids too young to read say , Heir to the Empire , but would still like to know what happened next . I personally thought that the characters did not act like they should , and the writing was somewhat cheesy . Older fans would definitly do better with Young Jedi Knights or some of the adult novels .
 As much as I respect authors who put effort in to writing books , I honestly did not like this sorry attempt to continue the story of Star Wars.I understand that it was not written for adults , and therfore is made to read easier and a little bit easier to understand as well.The novel attempted to include things that do n't belong in the Star Wars series and re-used ideas that were good , but had been done before .
 I think these books take place after Truce at Bakura So I have placed themon the timeline at year 5 and 6 ANH . Are these 12 year old books worth reading ? Who should read them?I came across 3 of these , books 1 , 4 and 6 of 6 written b the Davids . They are simple stories and come illustrated in simple pen and ink . They are not relavent to the EU , but they are nice little stories about the star wars characters for younf listeners and readers . When reading to the young you need help holding their attention especially my ADHD son . Pictures help . That is also why I have turned to buying and reading the dark horse comics about star wars.Which is better ? I like the comics better , but sometimes , with all those beautifully colored and inked pictures and the varying panels , it is hard for the kids to follow . But these simple little bantam Skylark books are sometimes perfect . Amazon actually had 73 new and used of the 1st book in the series when I wrote this in 2003 .
 These books were the worst of the 50 + star wars books that I have read . I could have written better when I was in the sixth grade . I highly stress that no one buy these six books . The facts are wrong and do n't correspond with the other novels . I am a star wars fanatic and I was shocked by the child like style of these books .
 I 'm sorry , this book completely sucked . It was so stupid and childish that I felt like scribbling all over it . Trioculus was a jerk & not very impressive . I expected an Imperial to be more impressive . One thing that really bothered me was that the author kept on making LUke fly Y-wings . I mean , Luke flies X-wings !! He did in the movies & in the books . There were a bunch of other stupid things in the book . And one friendly comment to the author
 I read this book when I was younger and it was ok and the whole little six part series was ok . Then I got into the adult books -LRB- WAY BETTER ! -RRB- and noticed that they have no continuity with each other . After having read many SW books now and am familiar with the SW timeline , I have concluded that every SW book fits in to the timeline except for this series . Therefore , it should be burned and forgotten about . Lucasfilm made a terrible mistake in publishing these . Not only do they contradict all the other novels , their stories are n't anywhere near as good as the others . Do yourself a favor and do n't ruin your perception of the SW universe with these . Go out and read the adult books like the Thrawn Trilogy by Timothy Zahn . You can read any other kids books too , but do n't read the six in this series . They are n't even included in official timelines anymore . They do n't truly belong in the Star Wars universe . I feel sorry for the authors , though . They tried , but I guess they did n't know what was going to happen to these stories .
 This book , and all of the series , was porly writen , and made me think that the author did n't do any research at all . I would n't recommend this book to anyone , or the rest of the series .
 I found this book to be really hard to understand even though I am a sci fi lover
 Quite obiously the author of these books has no concern for continuity In order to be a good author all of your works must agree with the works with which they are associated . Being an author I know this vey well . Being a SW fan I realize that this author has no idea what king about . A comment to you Mr. Davids , write what you know , you will do much better .
 How can people like this book ?? It is babyish , and no true Star Wars fan will read it . The information it gives is completly false . There are n't any Grand Moffs , and Luke does n't fly a Y-Wing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This book is not good at all . The only Grand Moff was Tarkin and in this book there are a bunch of them . Also , Luke flies Y-Wings and everywhere else he flies X-Wings . In the book they mention about Lando still having Cloud City but when he left for the battle of Endor , the Empire took it over . There are even more small mistakes in this book . If you do n't have it , do n't buy it . If you have it , throw it out or burn it .
 I think these books take place after Truce at Bakura So I have placed themon the timeline at year 5 and 6 ANH . Are these 12 year old books worth reading ? Who should read them?I came across 3 of these , books 1 , 4 and 6 of 6 written b the Davids . They are simple stories and come illustrated in simple pen and ink . They are not relavent to the EU , but they are nice little stories about the star wars characters for younf listeners and readers . When reading to the young you need help holding their attention especially my ADHD son . Pictures help . That is also why I have turned to buying and reading the dark horse comics about star wars.Which is better ? I like the comics better , but sometimes , with all those beautifully colored and inked pictures and the varying panels , it is hard for the kids to follow . But these simple little bantam Skylark books are sometimes perfect . Amazon actually had 73 new and used of the 1st book in the series when I wrote this in 2003 .
 It 's hard to know whether this novel is better classified as historical fiction or romance . It attempts both and succeeds at neither.The book is elegantly scripted , but terrifyingly long winded . It takes forever to get where it 's going . It 's hard to decide if there is any authenticity in the writing , as it is inextricably intertwined with overwrought stereotypes of characters and situations.It is not explicit in any way and fails to convey a sense of depth or meaning to the story . One gets the feeling you 're reading the surface of a lovely painting , without seeing any of the reality beneath it.Perhaps that is because reality is as far from the characters in this book as it can possibly be . The two main protagonists embody every negative stereotype of every romantic figure ever written.The male is a ship 's captain who ever so gradually falls for the naive yet spirited female heroine . He 's a slave trader , the typical `` dangerous '' male , who nevertheless has a deeply buried streak of decency . She is the privileged white female , antagonistic to his career and his character , trying in vain to make him change his ways.The book 's horrible , fatal flaw lies in the way the relationship between these two is developed . The man , Rory , is depicted as keeping a young slave girl he bought as a child and made into his mistress . She is raped -LRB- and later dies -RRB- by the fiance of our heroine - rather funnily called Hero . In the climax to their romantic coupling , Rory then kidnaps Hero in retaliation and rapes her . She , of course , ends up enjoying it , and he displays affection and a possessive desire . They later figure out they loved each other all along and . . well , you know.Unfortunately , for all its pretty prose , this is the worst kind of romance , one which glosses over inexcusable acts as simply roadblocks to true love . I was struck , for instance , by the scenes after Hero 's rape . There is no blood , no trauma , barely a mark apparent , either physical or mental . She treats him with a kind a cool and distant civility . He displays no remorse . They have dinner together and he rapes her again . It is implicit in the writing that she enjoys it.It 's one of the most extraordinarily revolting things I 've ever read.Do not attempt this book if you are looking for any kind of intelligent writing , whether it be historical fiction , torrid romance or escapist fantasy . It fails miserably on all counts .
 Actually the novel started out very well , with a bossy , determined , but utterly naive , gently-bred American heroine who has set her mind onto rescuing the world . Hero is not a cardboard romance heroine though , her development from an ignorant and ambitious young girl to a thoughtful , responsible woman is credible and moving . Her intentions are always the best , though the outcome is sometimes disastrous . The historical background and exotic flair of Zanzibar does the rest . Why only two stars then ? Because the so-called `` love-story '' which was plain horrible spoiled it all for me . Rory , Hero 's love interest is a slave trader who consorts with fifteen years old slave girls and who rapes women when he wants to have them , willing or not willing , he simply does n't care . After that he sends them home to face the shame alone . What a `` hero '' . A more loathsome and disgusting character who is not actually meant to be a scoundrel I have seldom encountered in a novel . Rory makes a good villain , though . However do we like to see a good , feisty heroine fall in love with worthless scum like him ? I do n't .
 I really enjoyed this novel -- up until about 2/3 of the way through , the main character is raped by the main love interest . It shocked me . I am sorry , this is something that is compleatly unacceptable . Many allowances can be made for the romantic nature underpinning both of the characters relationship , but it does n't matter how much romantic feelings there are , rape is rape , and to continue and have the two characters fall in love and live happily ever after is a sad and rediculous thing indeed . Ms Kaye ought to have put her efforts to better use , as the social and political ideas were very good , but unfortunately , the book is worthless .
 I am always on the lookout for Perl books from sources other than O'Reilly & Associates . Since Larry Wall works for them , they are The Authorities on the language , no question . But I 've often felt that they know the language perhaps too well ; they are so familiar with its subtleties that they do n't do as good a job of explaining the basics as they might.I consider myself to be beyond the novice stage in Perl programming , but far from an expert , so I was very interested in what Perl
 good
 Unlike most reviewers on Amazon , I am not paid to write rave reviews about a friend 's book . `` Perl A Beginner 's Guide '' is not very well written . It has numerous errors and the book was put together way to fast . The current price for a used copy is $ 0.01 . Way too much . However , if you like typing in code , maybe this is the book for you . The promise of `` FREE CODE ONLINE '' is simply not true . You will not find this book listed on the Osborne or McGraw-Hill sites . McGraw-Hill does not believe in free anything .
 This book certainly does n't reflect what the publicity said about it . It 's mostly just a bunch of b & w stills from Lee 's Hammer Dracula series that we 've all seen 1000 times before -LRB- and not even reproduced very well , for that matter . -RRB- There are a total of 27 pages of text , most of which are plot summaries . I can not too strongly warn experienced Hammer readers that you will feel more than a bit of anger upon purchasing this particular tome . I am going to be very wary of anything under the `` Glitter Books '' moniker in the future . Johnson & Del Vecchio 's `` Hammer Films
 The paper used and printing process are the cheapest I 've ever seen . If you want to give this this book as a gift , buy it from another publisher . What a major disappointment . Returning it does n't seem worth it financially but I 'm sending it back based on principle .
 I had to read this book in 4th Grade , and it nearly turned me off to reading for life ! The plot meanders all over the place , and it was very difficult to relate to anything that was happening . I do n't care about a horse . Sorry ! Seriously , I still have nightmares about the awful week that I had to spend writing a book report on this !
 It 's a mystery how this book was ever published in the first place ! I ca n't imagine who proofread or edited it . I 'll admit that this review is based only on the first 5-10 pages but that 's because there were so many spelling and grammatical errors in those few pages that I honestly could not read any further . If that type of thing bothers you at all , please do n't waste your money . I sure wish I had n't !
 In the first 3 pages , there are scores of typos , including `` inseperatable , '' `` gong '' for going , and grammar mistakes that are so obvious , they should have been noticed . Just the use of a spell checker would have improved the book immensely . The sad part is , it may be a decent story , but I ca n't get through it with all these mindless mistakes . No one could have even glanced at this book before printing it and selling it . There is no excuse for this .
 So I ordered this book assuming I would have a map to go along with the guide book as stated in the description and also on the front of the book , but the map had been torn out of the book rendering the book completely useless . So I paid almost ten bucks for nothing . Cool .
 Do n't buy this book to study for the MCSE exams . This book does not go into any detail and only provides an outline for what needs to be studied . I have know idea why others rated this book so highly .
 I just did n't see the point of this book . It was so short and vague on the details that I really did n't understand what the point of the book was . It was of no use in helping to get me certified . I regretted purchasing it . It is the only O'reilly book I have ever gotten that was not worth reading .
 I recently saw that this six-novel series had been reprinted as a three-book collection , and I felt obligated to warn potential readers of the awful novel that wraps it all up . I started reading this series back in '88 when it first came out , and I devoured each book , waiting patiently for the next to be released . And then this giant pile of horrible slouched into my local bookstore.What can be said about this book ... Put it this way
 Loved the first five . What happened to you , Lupoff , did you stop caring about your creation ? Feel jealous of the other four authors who did it better than you ? Were you under contract to complete the last book?Anyway , couple points :1 . The author overuses exclmation points , like four or five a page . Every one of the characters is excited ! All the time ! Why ? Rereading Book 1 , also written by Richard Lupoff , he did n't overuse exclmation points , why the change in writing style ? 2 . The rebel group fighting the omnipotent Dungeonmasters is called The Universal Neighborhood Improvement Association , which has to win some kind of an award for worst name for a group in literary history .3 . The Ghosters , which were protrayed as the ultimate weapons in Book 5 and required Clive 's blood to activate them , can , in this book , be taken out with a single shot , so I guess they are n't the ultimate weapons ... 4 . This books rips off scenes from the previous books , including the characters becoming shrunk , as well as a return to being attacked by the flying demons in Book 4.5 . Why did Clive and his companions , who have braved and outsmarted an endless number of deceptions and impersonations in the previous novels , suddenly become absolute dupes in this one ? Hey , Clive , how do you explain your girlfriend suddenly becoming the skull-cap for some hellish , tentacled monstrosity ? How could you be fooled even for a second ? You must really be an idiot ! 6 . Yeah , so no nineth level of the Dungeon , eh ? So disappointing ... 7 . The ending was all right , though , certainly unique , not every novel has the main character becoming God at the end COMPLETELY WITHOUT EXPLANATION !
 Looks like the writer half-read the 2nd book , flipped through the 3rd and totally ingnored the 4th and 5th before writing this so called book .
 The series had a fantastic plot and concept . I greatly enjoyed the first 5 volumes , but the 6th was a terrible disappointment . The plot was weak , the characters a joke and the storytelling was awful . This is , without a doubt , the worst book I have ever read in my entire life . If you ever see this title in a book store or garage sale , run away !
 This is the last book in the Dungeon series . Unfortunately , it does the other 5 no justice at all . The characters are not true to their nature , the setting is weak to say the least , and it 's a shame such a good series could n't amount to more than this !
 This book is truly horrible . The story is mutilated , the plot -LRB- if there is one -RRB- makes no sense , and all characters save two or three are trivialized to worthlessness . Read books 1-5 of the Dungeon but DO NOT read this book unless you want to be extremely disappointed . I guarantee that your imagination , no matter how lacking , can think up a better ending for this series than Richard Lupoff did .
 The first five books in this series were average to good . This book ruined the entire series . I 've read approximately 350 books in the science fiction/fantasy genre and this is by far the worst of them all . I ca n't believe Farmer actually approved this trash
 Much of the writing is beautiful and evocative , but it 's hard to know what 's going on . The summaries posted here have more `` plot '' in them than is easily gleaned from the book . Because the stream of consciousness leaps from character to character , it 's hard to know the relationships let alone see who is flirting with whom and why it matters . You do figure it out but it takes too long to figure out which characters go with which names.There is a lovely portrait of an English village in 1939 , and the heartbreaking innocent pageant of English history portrayed , but really , you can get such atmosphere from the series Mystery -- and there you get a plot as well . I think this is not a good introduction to Woolf , as it takes certain kinds of experimentation and heightens it . At least with Mrs. Dalloway you see things for the most part from one point of view and come to care about it.I enjoyed this , but then I 'm in theatre , so I enjoyed all of the description of the pageant . This is a little bit like reading the equivalent of a home movie , it 's pretty , but you do n't know the people portrayed well enough to really care .
 if you love countryside , old women having tea every day at 5.00 pm and chatting about weather reports and neiborhood 's affair , this book is for you ... if not , well , stay away !
 This must be a rehash of an ADO book because it is full of ADO chapters and examples . Its like writing a book about commercial travel where most examples are about propeller planes - nothing wrong but most people today use jets and today almost all new Windows programming is about . net access methods.So save your money and go somewhere else . Its a shame the author did not rewrite the entire book - it could have been the classic ADO.NET book .
 The book has much material , but the methodology is bad.The best methodology is to provide sample input , the code , and the output.The author in many cases provides just code with neither inputnor output . The reader therefore can not validate his understand-ing against any kind of input.There are also lots of little errors .
 This book really did not meet my expectations . I really did not learn anything like the cover implies I would , and the stories were all so tragic . I got depressed after reading it . Other that that it was okay .
 I recieved both books for my birthday , the 1st on my 15th and the 2nd on my 16th . I read the 1st one at least 4 times front to back in about 3 months . I 'm very sorry to say that the 2nd is no where near as good as the 1st . I got it in November now it 's almost the end of January and still have n't finished it ! It does n't keep my attention like the 1st one did . I recomend spending your money on something more interesting .
 I have downloaded this thing a dozen times . There is nothing here but a few lines of the table of contents and that is in Latin . There is something wrong with the file .
 Chaucer is pretty great , but this `` lytel booke '' stinks .
 I purchased this expecting the original text , as the page stated , but received the translated version . Do not buy this if you want the original !
 Please be careful ! Everything on this page gives you the impression that this is a hardcover version of Shoaf 's edition of Chaucer 's Troilus and Criseyde . IT IS NOT - IT DOES NOT EVEN CONTAIN THE POEM . This is a collection of essays about the poem that is really only suited to Chaucer scholars . Do n't make the same mistake I made . It should be subtitled - ESSAYS - or have some other clear description of the nature of the book . I can not evaluate the essays , because I have n't yet read the poem because of this mis-identification of these Essays with the Superior Shoaf edition of Troilus and Criseyde by Chaucer .
 Yup , this is a boatbuiding manual , purportedly for amateurs . HOWEVER , you should be aware that this is a canoe and boatbuilding manual from the year 1898 . Yes , 1898 . The twilight of the Gilded Age . The Nineteenth Century . A long darn time ago.For our purposes , the important thing to consider is that , in 1898 , epoxy , fiberglass and marine grade okoume plywood did not exist . Ergo , boatbuiding techniques were much less diverse than they are in our own enlightened times.This book is an `` unabridged republication of the edition published by Forest and Stream Publishing Co , 1898 . '' W.P Stephens wrote `` timeless advice and instruction ... especially for amateurs . '' And he did a fantastic job , with many illustrations , straightforward how-to 's , and useful information on everything from constructing camp stoves and tents , to the then current ACA measurement rules for various canoe classes.Interesting and informative stuff.Relevant today ? Perhaps , but ... But , if you want to build a canoe or small boat today , and you 're new to doing so , then you should read one or two of the books that address modern construction techniques . I recommend starting with Jim Michilak and H.H. Payson , and then moving on to Thomas Firth Jones , Sam Devlin , Chris Kulczycki , and Ted Moores , to name but a few.I like the book , and it was inexpensive , but it would be one of my very last choices if I wanted to learn how to build a canoe or small boat in THIS millenium .
 This comic dissapoints all around . The characters are one dimensional , and the plot has been done a million times . The only reason this book gets so much praise is the hype generated by positive reviews in Entertainment Weekly and similar outlets . When you get right down to it , Diggle , a mediocre writer who got his start in the pages of 2000AD , manages to re-hash every bad action movie plot involving the CIA all while making the reader completely indifferent about the characters , who seem more like stock character stereotypes from every bad action movie ever . I can not for the life of me understand why people think the dialogue in this series is good . You want good dialogue ? go read ANY comic by Brian Michael Bendis.Now , to deal with the `` Hollywood Movie Jerry Bruckheimer '' comparasons
 I 'm new to the world of VPN . This book laid some ground work for me to start with . The other reviews consider this book as usless , but now after having read this book , I now have a basis to gauge other work by . After all , as another review stated , there is not much new material out there .
 Rather lightweight and banal . This book could have been a lot better ; had the impression that it was rather rushed , perhaps in an attempt to catch the VPN / NT wave . There are some technical inaccuracies which is just not on in an introductory book . The book just about saves itself with its `` manual type '' content .
 I am badly suprised . I have 2-3 months VPN experience and know MUUUCH more than author of this `` research '' . Waste of money , I will think before purchasing O'Reilly books in future
 I agree with all the statements made by the reader from Atlanta . Several of the things mentioned in the book indicate that it was written at least 9 to 12 months ago . Chapter 7 is so full of errors on IP address assignments that the text is very confusing when trying to follow along with the figures . Through out the book the text is not aligned with the figures and in one case the figure is outright in error . When looking at the back of the book to see what background the authors have , they should stick to driving tanks and management . They have definitively proven they can not constuct a nework and should n't . O'Reilly had a good reputation with its Unix books . A damn shame they have destroyed it with this window oriented book . Perhaps O'Reilly should give up on Windows books since they did not even do a perfuntionary Quality Audit of this one .
 I ca n't believe O'Reilly published this book . This book was published in March '98 and appears to be written at least 12-18 months ago . If you are looking to build a VPN using Alta Vista 's or Cisco 's product -LRB- older versions , of course -RRB- this book may be a good introduction for you . Otherwise , I would not recommend this book for anyone interested in learning about VPNs . You can find white papers that are better and more up-to-date on the Internet -LRB- and they 're free -RRB- . I wish I could get my money back for this one !
 I bought this book on an impuse . I assumed that since it was an oreilly book it would have some decent technical content and perspective . But was I wrong , the book starts with a minimal overview of VPNs one could pick up on the web in 5 minutes , a bunch of screen captures of setting up windows NT 's VPN , a short chapter on using ssh , and a chapter on altavista 's tunelling product . . I would have expected at least balanced and comparable results between each approach but , for example , the ssh chapter goes into the end performance of that approach but this evaluation is n't present for windows nt . In short there is no technical detail in this book and the information that is there would be just as easily -LRB- and much less expensively -RRB- found on the web.Boo hiss .
 This book was a big disappointment . It does gloss over alot of the key VPN ideas , but there is not much substance . I 've learned more from reading various tidbits off the internet.Also , before you even consider using PPTP you should read the CounterPane cryptanalysis paper on PPTP.http : / / www.counterpane.com/pptpv2-paper.html PPTP on windows NT is just not secure!For a total newbie , this book might give them an idea of what to look for on the internet , but besides that I do n't see too much value in this book.I would n't buy it again , I would n't recommend it to anyone that I liked .
 I did n't check out the publication date of this book when I bought it -LRB- 1998 -RRB- so my dissapointment is partly my fault . It is , unsuprisingly , very outdated -LRB- anyone actually remember the altavista tunnel ? -RRB- . However , much of the info that remains , even general VPN fundamentals , are flawed and innacurate . This book will hinder you if you are trying to understand proper VPN network topologies .
 I so agree with `` This book is a blot on O'Reilly 's reputation . The editor -LRB- s -RRB- must have been asleep '' . I have many O'Reilly books , and they all are good ... but not this one . I trusted the O'Reilly 's editors . So I ordered this book before it was published . I wish I had the chance to read the reviews ...
 What was O'Reilly thinking !! This is the first time I wasted money on an O'Reilly book -LRB- and I have plenty -RRB- . This book was a rush job . There are many inaccuracies , a lot seem to be the editors mistakes . The authors seem to have the practical experience , but it is not communicated in a clear manner . The chapters on PPTP , AltaVista and Cisco PIX were organized in a good way and were helpful . Overall , the diagrams are poor . Better graphics could have salvaged this book . I give it two stars because there are not that many books on the market .
 Until now , all O'Reilly books I 've encountered have been worth their weight in gold . Not this one ! The very slim book focuses on simple tunneling systems -LRB- mostly from host to host -RRB- and can not give sound advice or knowledge to any serious attempts at VPNs . Perhaps individual users with NTs might find some interest in the book , but for a network administrator its a total waste of money . Spend a few minutes browsing it and you 've seen the best of it .
 This book is not worth the paper it is written on . I expected more from an O'Reilly book . If you want to learn about VPN , go for a better selection !
 This book is a blot on O'Reilly 's reputation . The editor -LRB- s -RRB- must have been asleep . It is disorganized and riddled with errors of grammar , fact and logic . The authors seem to be unclear on their audience as well as their facts . The book is insulting and derogatory of end users -LRB- without whom there would be no need for the technology discussed -RRB- , implying among other things , that most technical problems with VPNs are the fault of dumb end users , and then going on to describe problems that are almost all a result of installation and setup errors by the `` pros '' in configuring routers , NT Server and/or the VPN server software or equipment . The discussion of the CISCO equipment contains 13 pages about firewalls and a sparce 3 about VPNs , which turn out to require additional equipment not mentioned earlier or in the cost estimates . After pages of `` war stories '' about security breaches and cracker dangers , the authors state at one point that the logs produced by the VPN software are mainly good to enliven boring network administrator 's meetings . It is often unclear which of two alternatives is being discussed . Further examples could be quoted from almost any page of this mess . Save your money . O'Reilly should post the full text of this fiasco on their web site for free as an example of the kind of `` technical '' material they are NOT interested in publishing .
 It is a waste of money and time to buy and to read this book . I mean the second edition . There is neither clear architecture concept nor technical detail . Many concept can be illustrated in a very simple drawings and the author will not do it . After I read other books I feel that the authors do n't know what they are talking about .
 I have to agree with the majority of comments . This book is a disgrace to O'reilly . It is technically incorrect in many areas , e.g. `` A SYN flood is a ` killer ping ' '' ... uhm , no , it 's not . There 's _ no _ way this , and many other errors should have got past the editors .
 I was looking for a new genre for my 5th grade daughter , and I picked this book , normally a huge fan of Rylant . I found the cover statement & quot ; soft , reflective and often humorous & quot ; to be totally untrue . The book was disturbing in an offensive way . I did n't find any humor at all . The God she tries to know is not the God I know . It seemed very disrespectful . I 've read better books that touch on the attributes of God in a loving , funny , soft way while opening the reader 's eyes to the possibility of being inside God 's mind . Rylant missed the mark in a big way this time . I will continue to read her work , and I hope that it will reflect growth , especially in this area .
 I came across this book at a local library where it was in the age group for 3rd and 4th grade reading . I do n't want to read this kind of garbage nor would I want a child to read it . I found it offense and do not recommend it for anyone . The writer needs to get a life !
 I do n't know ... I guess I was expecting more from this book . After reading Telesales Tips From The Trenches -LRB- Catal -RRB- and How To Sell More In Less Time -LRB- Sobczak -RRB- this was kind of a let down .
 I had read glowing reviews about this book and was very eager to begin reading it . What a disappointment ! The heroine is uninspired , the writing is abysmal , and the plot never seems to move anywhere . I love soap operas and could n't wait for the `` juicy '' reveals about soaps that the book previews promised . Overall , I was incredibly bored by the novel . Let me illustrate it this way . I always read every page of every book before making up my mind about it . With this one , I stopped about a fourth of the way . Your time would be better spent watching an episode of `` All My Children . ''
 This is a little far fetched but bare with , a London born Actress transplants herself to Los Angeles , after landing on a Soap ... and then writes about a London born Actress being transplanted to Los Angeles , after landing on a Soap . Got it ? Personally this psuedo semiautobiographical novel about Hughes life -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- is testament that some actors should remain just that ! The cynical nature in which her character sees Los Angles and the people surrounding her is way too close to accurate for this to be classified as true `` fiction '' and the parallels between her main `` villain '' Meredith Contini and a certain fabulous legendary New York Based All My Children icon is so blatant it borders on insulting . Her work on General Hospital was good , Her work on All My Children was tolerable , at best , but her work as a writer makes me ashamed to admit Finola Hughes is a fellow Brit .
 I thought this book was horrible . I was reading it on Kindle , so I ca n't give you a pg number , but I stopped reading it around the 5th chapter . I do n't usually give up on a book , but did with this one . This story was a bit of a autobiography and not very entertaining . For writing about one 's self , the author did not give a good insight into her character . The book was hard to read because the author kept going in and out of script . Like I said earlier in this review , I just had to give it up . A waste of $ 9.99 . The real disappointment was that I am a fan of Hughes the actress and was expecting more .
 Oh my how I really wanted to like this book . I am a person that with a good storyline and great writing I could read a book in a day 's time ; it took me over a month to get through this book and I was on vacation for a week !! I found it very difficult to follow and to keep track of the players when we are constantly waffling back and forth between real names and stage names . And I feel there were too many characters to keep track of but I guess that 's just the way with a soap opera.I also found the story to be quite depressing . I felt bad for the lead character but then she 's going to turn around and do the exact same thing to her best friend?Maybe I was not taking the book in the light it was intended , maybe I missed the boat but this one sank as far as I 'm concerned .
 This book did not live up to its potential at all . Very few characters that actually distinguished themselves from the crowd . The narrator 's arch nemisis -- who seems to be rather inspired by Susan Lucci is the only completely fleshed out character , any character who has scenes with her is automaticlly more interesting . Without her the book is entirely vapid and as she is an entirely vapid and vindictive character that is n't saying much.This book was entirely too long for what it was , there was no character growth or any impending moment to keep me reading it just sort of kept happening , without the interest of a huge funeral or wedding that a soap would use as a crutch to draw attention from it 's audience . -LRB- spoiler -RRB- The very best part about this book -- which was actually a very insipred comic moment was Kate 's house burning down because of the home-made ` christmas angel ' . I think maybe what made me really against this book was this character 's ability to almost do exactly what happened to her to another woman . -LRB- Who 's friendship is n't very clearly establish -RRB- It should have been a more triumphant book end both for the character and for her faith in relationships between women and their men .
 Probably the most boring book I 've read in the last three years . Gambling addiction could make an exciting story . I 've never heard of this author , but he is very skilled in taking a moderately interesting topic and making it absolutely boring . Stock characters and stereotypes are also very frequent .
 I was greatly disappointed with this book . It is poorly organized , and unclear . It takes an application that should be learned fairly easily and makes it that much harder.When there are multiple ways of doing the same thing , the author lists them in a numbered list which leads you to believe there are mulitple steps involved . Here 's one example : `` Creating a New Window '' `` To create a new window , you perform the following steps
 This book is a waste of money . Lots of errors -LRB- typos , wrong labels on diagrams and figures , etc. -RRB- . I did n't expect this book to go into the mathematical and technical issues in detail , but even the highly simplified and glossed-over discussions that are in the book is a jumble of confusion . This book _ might _ be useful to someone who is only interested in knowing the buzzwords and jargons of DSL , but it is of no use to anyone who actually wants to learn the guts of the technology.If you want a good intro to DSL , go to Virata 's site and download the file `` Personal Broadband Services
 This book is more of a general introductory Telecom book to different access solutions , and does so in a hasty manner and in a not so well organized manner.The book lacks smooth transition from introductory to DSL topics , and lacks focus .
 The esteemed Jared Diamond , author of one of the most insightful and profound books of the previous decade
 More nonsense from the opportunist at UCLA . The same imbecile who claimsthat the Malayo-Indonesian language group originated in Taiwan -LRB- and not Sumatra where it is obviously came from -RRB- , China is thesource for ALL East AND Southeast Asian civilizations and moreblather . Avoid Diamond 's books like the plaques he pontificatesabout ...
 I guess I may be biased in my review of Dr. Diamond 's book `` Collapse '' because I read his previous book `` Guns , Germs , and Steel '' in which his pathological hatred for Europeans and their domination of the world in the First Millenium was stuff for the history books.Sadly , I see that Jared has not learned anything since even in his extensive study of the Greenland Norse , a saga of extintion of Viking decendents , he continues to search for a liberal and politically tasty answer to why some European civilizations failed . One example ; he sites extensive data that indicates the Vikings hated eating fish and failed to utilize this resource simply because they were too arrogant . False . Its long been known that the Greenland Norse died because they simply starved to death
 Pity Mr. Diamond should have chosen precisely such an important matter to ride the wave of his Pullitzer for a hasty cash harvest . I can see why he did , it is such a popular subject nowadays that it just could n't fail to yield bountifully but we , the people on this sorry spinning ball , deserved better . Yet another wasted chance to pass this important message through.Disappointment is generously served in various flavors in this book . You get a cold platter of the plain kind of the stuff from the patchy approach -LRB- yes , very common indeed in this field , but then , I was expecting more from such an acclaimed author -RRB- Then a basket of letdown with the shallow and wrong economic reasoning it uses , a cup full to the rim of frustration with the wrong historical data -LRB- Valencia in Spain a place of ancestral small sustainable communities of irrigating farmers ????? yeah , right , it must be the golf course mowers ... who pay for water a tenth of its transport cost , let alone market or environmental costs ! -RRB- , mousse of emptiness at the nonexistent but thoroughly anticipated chapter on welfare economics ... and a bitter dessert made with this yet another failure to pass the important message it promised.Most certainly , the problem must have not been lack of importance of the matter . To promise enlightenment and not deliver is a hefty responsibility when one chooses to delve on such an important subject.Shame on Mr. Diamond for this . Maybe he was not read when small a tale about a boy who cried wolf . It would n't surprise me , considering the lack of literary education he shows ...
 I suggest a reader start with the conclusions Dr. Diamond recommends and then decide for yourself the value of his work . Basically , he judges all human progress meaningless because it has brought us to the brink of his perceived global disaster.The doctor 's remedy is for me , and you , to live in penury so the environment is not negatively impacted . I just wonder what he is going to do with that money he hopes to earn from his book ? A fat retirement ? A new home ? God forbid , a new car ? I guess making a good profit from one 's labor is fine if you are saving the world , but detriment to the environment if you are in another profession . I would also like to know what thought Dr. Diamond gave to the environment regarding the small forest of trees cut down and the vats of poisonous ink poured to print his opus . Not to mention the gallons of gasoline burned by trucks delivering it to the big box bookstores that are a blight on the natural environment . Any book is junk when the author calls for the abolition of systems and institutions that pay him . Dr. Diamond 's elitist hypocrisy , `` do as I say , not as I do '' , is clearly that , without a fig leaf of modesty .
 My chief objection to the book is it 's poorly written.Authors like John LeCarre can weave a tapestry from many threads ; Diamond cant . His material is all over the place and unfocused , and the story has no logical progression . He bit off more than he can chew . And it 's dreary reading ... if you think reading ought to be enjoyable.On the other-hand , if you like Rube Goldberg Style contraptions , you may enjoy this effort .
 An excellent book when it comes to examining the collapse of ancient societies . Less convincing when it comes to drawing parallels with the modern era . Parallels drawn are spurious , with hidden assumptions that must be accepted on faith . As an ode to the religion of Environmentalism , it is well written . As a work of reasoned argument and scientific evidence , it is lacking .
 The Kindle edition is a sham , the images referred to all through the book are not included ! This is a scandal ! And this is sold as an unabridged edition !!!
 I picked up Collapse at Costco as I was going to be on vacation and needed some reading . I had already read Diamond 's Guns , Germs and Steel and found it lacking , but Collapse was supposedly about a different topic , it was not as thick as GG&S ; , and Diamond is a pretty good writer , so I thought I would give it another chance.I was sorry . This book is more personal memoir and opinion than it is about an investigation of why and how civilizations collapse . The book starts with 23 page prologue where Diamond acknowledges his biases and tries to tell the reader how to read the book -- always a sign of a challenging read.The environmental movement is critical to our future . However , Diamond fails to recognize that this movement began at the grass roots and moved upward , yet the issues and actions he is suggesting are often top down making this a policy wonk book for people in Washington DC and Geneva.The discussions of different societies in collapse are romanticized , not particularly well analyzed and always come to the same conclusion -- it 's the environment stupid . This is true , but not particularly helpful . As exemplified by Diamond 's advice for China `` My best case scenario for the future is that China 's government will recognize that its environmental problems pose an even graver threat than did its problem of population growth . They may then conclude that China 's interests require environmental policies as bold , and ad effectively carried out , as its family planning policies . '' Sorry but I did not need to wade through 377 pages to come to that conclusion.If I were to apply and follow Diamond 's logic , development almost always leads to disaster so it may be best not to develop . I can accept that back to nature advice however than we would also have to expect the other consequences in our personal , professional , and future lives.People will say that this is an important book , sorry that I am not one of them.If you loved Guns , Germs and Steel , then what I say does not matter , you will like this book too . If you were like me , looking to give Diamond another chance then I would pass .
 Mr. Diamond has sifted through several millenia of human history , and the most relevant cases he can come up with are ... Easter Island ? Greenland ? The Anasazi tribe ? Were there no examples of larger societies available ? Presumably , the bulk of his readership will be Americans , but it is difficult to understand how a nation of nearly 300 million people is supposed to draw conclusions from cases of tiny , remote societies going adrift . Had he developed his theories from an examination of , say , the fall of Rome , or of the Mongol Empire , they may have been more compelling . Any attempt to extrapolate findings from communities of 5,000 to nations of 300 million is going to be flawed .
 I 'm an old fan of Diamond , but with each book I like him less . `` Collapse '' is n't really about science or ecology or the lessons of history , but how to sell books . Take a no-argument topic -LRB- People can destroy their environment , -RRB- add urgency -LRB- This is happening to us ! -RRB- get some research assistants to dig up what interesting facts they can -LRB- even if they get them wrong , -RRB- and get a saleable author to provide some paragraph links and put his name to it , and everyone makes a buck -LRB- except the consumer . -RRB- You can keep publishing costs down by eliminating editors and proofreaders , e.g.
 Collapse
 I bought this book thinking that the author would have something enlightening to say about our society . Instead , what I found was an introductory chapter filled with self-promotion -LRB- he describes all the books he 's written , the journals where his articles have been printed , how many degrees he has , etc. -RRB- and a defensive attitude that this book will be objective - that he -LRB- the author -RRB- is neither environmentalist nor `` non-environmentalist '' . Yet how can claim he is sitting on the fence when one of his book 's premises is that the collapse of societies can be partially attributed to climate change ? In order to assuage the criticisms of `` non-environmentalists '' he is essentially denying his initial bias . Secondly , as a whole , the book itself presents little that is not already published in greater detail in works by other authors . Diamond has chosen to rehash typical examples -LRB- e.g. Easter Island , abandoned Viking settlements , etc. -RRB- for failed societies caused by mis-management of land and resources . If the reader is looking for something that is not already well documented elsewhere , then this book will be a disappointment . If we compare this book to works of somewhat outlandish theses -LRB- e.g. Gavin Menzies , Erich von Daniken -RRB- , at least those revolutionary ideas , while seemingly unthinkable , are an entertaining read . Diamond 's narrative is dry and uninspired .
 Diamond 's book does a fairly good job at evaluating the conditions of societal collapse , but his theory lacks the modern analysis of imperialism , which is an enormous factor in collapse today as resources are brought out of the third world into the first for consumer purchase.Diamond 's personal interjections break the flow of the book , and often are quite offensive , `` The U.S. explicitly forbids the importation of kangaroo meat , because we find the beasts cute , and because a congressman 's wife heard that kangaroos are endangered . '' Diamond 's personal commentary has no factual basis to support it , and is quite offensive.Collapse approaches potential solutions but instead favors a small , insignificant substitutions for `` unsustainable factors in society . ''
 This book presents a lot of information , but no discernible th&egrave;me . The author does n't tie the information together with an opinion of why something is good or bad . For example , Montana is poorly suited for agriculture ; the rivers are fouled with fertilizer runoff & salinization caused by agriculture ; outsiders have bought up farmland and converted to estates . Does the author propose that the last item is a good thing or a bad thing ? Why ? He also relates the transition , in a later chapter , of primitive island society changing from inherited hierarchical leadership to leadership by victorious warlords . What 's the point ? I have no notion that one is more desirable than the other , and the author gives me no understanding of why this transition is significant .
 Most of this book consists of stories of failed societies . The Viking settlement of Greenland , the polynesian people of Pitcairn Island -LRB- before `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -RRB- , the sad history of Haiti , the early people of Easter Island who erected the giant stone heads - these are a few of the topics of this book . Even those knowledgeable about world history will find new and interesting material here.However , the book falls apart when Diamond uses the above examples to launch into an environmentalist diatribe on the virtues of central planning . The lessons to be learned from the above collapses are contradictory ; at one point the author says the secret to survival is a strong central government and at other times he says the secret is not having a strong central government . Greenland society collapsed because of global * cooling * - what can we learn from that ? Since the time of Malthus , scholars have been predicting the apocalypse on the basis of flawed `` scientific '' models , each writer claiming his model is more accurate than those that came before . You can put this book on the shelf next to other works in the Malthusian tradition such as `` The Limits to Growth '' from the Club of Rome.It is fascinating to read about the demise of the Greenland Scandinavians , who apparently would have survived if only they had eaten fish like all other Scandinavians , and it is fun to ponder what would have happened if early Scandinavian settlements in eastern Canada had taken root . But those events have absolutely nothing to teach us about preserving human civilization in the 21st century . Instead , read Paul Ormerod 's `` Why Things Fail , '' on how unrealistic it is to think anyone can predict the future .
 This book was a required read for one of my college courses , and it proved to have some interesting ideas . Diamond has n't thought his own ideas out , and has proved to be one author that is weakening the science field as he picks out only the science that `` proves '' his hypothesis , not a review of all the ideas that exists . He attempts to play the role of an anthropologist when he is an environmental scientist . He contradicts himself with his previous books , clearly a sign he is trying for sales , not complete information for the audience . I suggest readingQuestioning Collapse
 I enjoyed Jared Diamond 's book when I first read it , but am nevertheless astonished that he fails to mention the probable cause of the impending collapse of our own society - ` peak oil ' or the peaking of world oil ` production ' . Industrial society depends on fossil fuel for everything that we eat , move , and make , yet the fact that this once-only gift from nature is finite seems to have been ignored . There is now increasing evidence that we are within a few years of peak oil - yet our politicians , CEOs , Wall Street and the media are seemingly blind to this fact.In 2005 the Hirsch Report , commissioned by the U.S. Department of Energy , was published . It made the point that mitigation of the effects of peak oil would require action on a massive scale 20 years before peak . One would have thought that this would have galvanised governments to action , but those in a position to initiate the urgent action needed remain wilfully blind.One would hope that part of Diamond 's reason for writing the book was to help to avoid repeating one of the cardinal mistakes of other societies , over-exploitation and depletion of the resource base . It appears that even Diamond has failed to learn this lesson.History may not exactly repeat itself , but it certainly rhymes .
 I could n't stand the narrator 's voice . The first chapter was a yawner about Montana farms or something ... I tried several times to listen to this book but kept shutting it off . I 'll give the book the benefit of doubt and two stars instead of one .
 In his magnum opus , 1984 , George Orwell famously wrote , `` Who controls the past , controls the future and who controls the present controls the past '' . This is a lesson that Jared Diamond has obviously learned well.In his latest book `` Collapse '' Jared Diamond '' continues to push the Europhobic liberal agenda . Hiding behind the facade of environmentalism Diamond crafts a sub-text that calls for Europeans to embrace the values of failed third-world cultures and abandon the pursuit of technological advancement that has created global European cultural hegemony . Unfortunately for Diamond , genuine scientific research is revealing much of his work to be based on nothing more than wishful thinking and an overactive imagination.Diamond makes the assertion that Easter Island experienced a cultural collapse due to depletion of natural resources and overpopulation . This may conflate well with the tenets of liberalism but unfortunately for Mr Diamond , it does not conflate well with the factual findings of the latest archaeological investigations . Radiocarbon dating of soil samples , by Carl Lipo and Terry Hunt , indicate that Easter Island was not inhabited until two to eight hundred years after the occupation time that Diamond 's theory would require . Quite simply , the new evidence uncovered by Lipo and Hunt indicates that the period of human habitation of Easter Island was far too short for Diamond 's putative collapse to have been the result of overpopulation . To quote Carl Lipo , `` It fits our 21st century view of us as ecological monsters . There 's no doubt that we do terrible things ecologically , but we 're passing that on to the past , which may not have been actually the case , to stick our plight on to them is unfair `` It is difficult to over-emphasise just how badly compromised Diamond is by this evidence . The Easter Island chapter is a major plank in his argument , the fact that Diamond is rank ignorant of the latest archeological research reveals him to be an amateur polemicist rather than a scientific authority figure.Those who may think that Diamond 's Easter Island fantasy is simply an abberation might want to introduce some hard science into their analysis of Diamond 's version of the history of Greenland . The extinction of Greenland 's Viking colony is used by Diamond to enforce the ideology of modern liberalism . Diamond claims that the Vikings perished because a racist contempt for the Inuit prevented them from assimilating ideas that would have prevented their slow starvation . A cultural superiority complex caused the Viking colonists to cling to an unviable agricultural lifestyle and , in Diamonds words , `` The Greenland colonists starved to death surrounded by oceans teeming with fish '' . This is an analysis that neatly dovetails with modern pro-immigrant , liberal cultural relativism and the dogma of multiculturalism . The major flaw in Diamond 's argument is that the latest historical research shows that by the time of the colony 's extinction the Greenland Vikings had , in point of fact , switched from a diet that was 80 % farm food to a diet that was 80 % marine food . In otherwords , the Viking colonists proved to be perfectly capable of adapting to environmental change without having to learn lessons from stone age primitives . To present the Vikings as beloning to a soley agrarian culture in the first place would be the cause for much derisive laughter among genuine historians . The Vikings are well known -LRB- unless you are Diamond -RRB- to have exploited a rich variety of marine life as a food resource.The alternative explanation for the Vikings demise is that the mini-ice age that caused the Vikings to switch diets also witnessed a mass immigration of Alaskan Inuit who competed with the Vikings for food and finally massacred them in an unrecorded genocide . We know about the mini ice-age from the evidence of core samples and tree rings . We know about the Innuit peregrinations through archeology and folk record . In the face of genuine science and history I 'm afraid Mr Diamond is left up a certain creek without means of conveyance . Historians tend not to write about evolutionary biology , perhaps evolutionary biologists might in future restrain their urge to embarrass themselves by writing about history ?
 I loved Diamond 's Guns , Germs & Steel , and had similar high hopes for this . Unfortunately , I found it disjointed , anectodal , and very disappointing . Although Diamond is obviously a good man and probably not guilty of this , I got the impression the Montana information was included so he could write off his vacations there . There is valuable information in here , so if you 're interested in the topic it 's worthwhile , but this has all the hallmarks of a quickie follow up to a commercial success -LRB- Guns , Germs and Steel -RRB- you expect from a new movie star but not a Pulitzer-prizewinning author . You 're better than this , Jared .
 The first half of the book has some interesting historical and archaeological information about Easter Island , Greenland , the Maya , and the pre-columbian American Southwest . If the author had stopped there I would have given it 4 stars . The second half is the author 's diatribe about all the terrible things modern societies are doing to the planet yadda yadda yadda . You 've heard it all before . His buggabear is deforestation . Legitimate , perhaps , but if I want to read opinion pieces I disagree with , I 'll read the NY Times . Still , the first half - except the first chapter on Montana - is a good read .
 This book can not compare with with the author ` sGuns , Germs and Steel - a five star book . The current book is brick-sized and deals with a number of historical collapses of human societies . I find the theoretical explanation lacking . It is clear that the author has his heart in the individual stories not the theorising
 I 'm with the guy who remarked that he 'll never be able to read the phrase `` de-forestation '' without feeling browbeaten . This book is what happens when you accidentally write a best seller -LRB- `` Guns , Germs and Steel '' -RRB- and think that now you 're an author .1 . The book reads like it was dictated and transcribed , with no limits on personal expresson . Not much discipline in evidence here .2 . Heavy-handed references to our current situation in the world larded throughout , just in case the reader is entirely incapable of connecting the dots .3 . Book is at least twice as long as it needs to be -- is n't anybody thinking about deforestation in the printing of this tome?A lot of gratuitous reflections and observations by the author here , probably reflecting a heightened sense of self-importance transcending his prior professional experience of 40 years as an ornithologist in the New Guinea rain forest.I 'm only halfway through this , so maybe by the end I 'll have a more favorable impression -- if I can get that far . -- Roy Zider
 Guns , Germs and Steel was a tough act to follow , and Diamond does n't deliver with Collapse . Generally readable and contains some interesting bits , but vastly verbose and about twice as long as it needs to be . Although he starts out with a balanced , objective approach , by the end he is ensuring invitations to all the cool cocktail parties in Los Angeles by spewing unsustained statistics on global warming with no acknowledgement of any competing views .
 This is an important book because a lot of people are reading it , as evidenced by over 200 Amazon reviews of the hardcover version . The book does n't deserve its popularity.Jared Diamond seems to be a nice man . He likes birds and trees , and knows a lot about them . He writes nice descriptions of primitive societies . He is concerned about the environment , and about the future of our society . He has a PhD in physiology but now teaches geography , a science overrun with greenies . Whatever his scientific experience may have been , his language is now characteristic of the social scientist
 I tried to go into this with no preconceptions carried over from my long perusal of `` Guns , Germs , and Steel '' . I tried to make my mind a blank slate and just take `` Collapse '' at face value . I do n't know if I was successful or not , but I came to the same conclusion . Jarred Diamond has one story to tell , and he 's going to tell it over and over.The thesis here is that environmental degradation is the root of societal collapse ; that wars and strife and famine and rapine and the erasure of a civilization come not from human strengths or weaknesses in statecraft and technology , but because they cut down their trees or peed in the creek one time too many . This is ludicrous on its face . If Egypt was so used up and wasted , then why did another culture step right in behind it and do things the Egyptians never dreamed of ? If an untrammeled ecosystem is really what it 's all about , why is Iceland such a nice place to live ? It 's a denuded rock in the howling North Atlantic , ripped by volcanoes and without enough topsoil to grow a turnip , except for what the busy , brilliant Icelanders have made themselves.It would be too easy to go on and on with a dozen handy examples of ways that this thesis just does n't work . My favorite howler is the thought that apple trees depleted the Montana soil . Nothing a little manure and a hoe wo n't fix.I do n't know if there will be a recognizable America 500 years from now . But I do know that , if there is n't , it wo n't be because someone in Bozeman forgot to fertilize his apple trees .
 I was sent this by a friend . so I began it with interest . But as I read through its theories and history I kept coming back to the conclusion that when you think carefully about the basic propositions of the book - namely that geography or human carelessness or other events can help a society fail - it left me flat.Admittedly , I do not know the history of all of the areas that he writes about but those areas that I knew well - namely the ancient Mexican and Central American civilizations - Diamond makes some assumptions that are either great jumps of faith or simply mistaken based on current scholarship in the area . That leads me to question the rest of his history - where I am not as well read.All of the factors he lists are potentially catastrophic to societies but I would have preferred a bit less global theory building in exchange for a little more careful thought . The influences which have helped to destroy civilizations should be of interest to all of us . A raft of other historians have tried to create grand theory in this area . But a lot of what Diamond writes about here seems mostly to be derivative .
 This is a superb book , but there is no excuse for the Kindle version to cost more than the paperback edition .
 Change the names , dates , and add a few characters . Then extrapolate a tiny bit . This is all in Thomas Hobbes who said it better , more completely , and more profoundly .
 Have to admit I approached it skeptically . Afterall , how many ` the sky is falling ' books was Ibombarded with in high school and college ... 95 % ofwhich were total bulls __ t. By 2005 we weresuppose to be broke , starving , gasping for freshair and either freezing in nuclear winter orbroiling under greenhouse gases.Anyway , Diamond did n't disappoint . I try toremember that publishing is a business , and oneneeds to be a bit of an alarmist in order to sellbooks.My problem is that he lines up all the usualsuspects . Thus the List Of Bad
 My wife and I have really gotten into learning more about the world and societies during dinner time . We listen together and review the cd that we just listened to and talk for hours upon the subject with some pretty heafty conversation and contraversy . We could not wait to listen to the cd 's every night . Collapse did the opposite . My wife and I just finished listening to CD 2 of 8 . I fell asleep on both CD 's ! I was fully rested on both of the disks on 2 seperate nights . Good thing I was not listening in the car . My wife started surfing the net on the second cd , not because it sparked any thought but more over boredom . If you are not a professor of palm trees or a scientist of pollen dating , you will find this book absolutely boring !
 This book is weird . Its main message is that the harvesting of timber is the greatest threat to the civilization and there may be similar serious environmental threats that decide about the fate of the societies . This thesis itself contradicts our very basic knowledge about the origins of the civilization . Ten thousand years ago or so , people began to replace the forests by fields and the first primitive forms of agriculture started . This development was completely necessary for our modern civilization to emerge . It was necessary for the appearance of intelligent life on Earth . Diamond does not appreciate this fact , and he even does not seem to realize that timber is a renewable resource.You would expect that a book about the `` societies that choose to fail or succeed '' will focus on the great superpowers and civilizations that were the key players in the global history . You would expect that the book will cover the history of the civilizations of the ancient Iraq , the history of China under various dynasties , the Roman Empire , the Soviet Union , and others . But of course , the fate of the important civilizations does not confirm Diamond 's assumptions . For example , the Soviet Union collapsed because its socialist economy was not strong enough to compete with the West in arm races . These are obviously not good arguments for Diamond 's strange statements that identify the industry and the population growth as the primary sources of evil , while the climate change and environmental damage are the most important factors that should decide about our lives.So which societies Diamond chooses to support his hardly defendable claims ? An old community in Montana ; Greenland ; the culture on Easter Island ; the Maya ; the Anasazi . I have not heard about some of them , so I ca n't verify whether Diamond 's presentation is fair . It 's clear that the comparison of those civilizations with the present is ludicrous - but I think that his cherry-picking of the examples makes his conclusions unusable even in the case of the ancient societies.At any rate , his viewpoint is extremely one-dimensional - more one-dimensional than the viewpoint of Marx who believed that the fate of the societies only depends on the class struggle . The `` environmental irresponsibility '' is certainly not a unique factor that decides about the fate of the societies ; more important ones are the military power to face other civilizations ; the economic power - which is also needed to deal with the cruelties of Nature ; stable enough moral standards that do n't evaporate.I give Diamond 2 stars because he 's sometimes able to write interesting books - and because he 's famous and able to sell this bad book a lot . But otherwise , Diamond does not understand science , history , and the modern era . You know , I was brought up in communist Czechoslovakia and those communists were telling us many strange things . But I do n't remember that either of them was as narrow-minded and biased against the prosperous West as Diamond is . Neither of them was questioning that the Western system was a viable one and a tough one to compete with . Neither of them was questioning that the economy had to be strong if the society should survive , and the environmental issue was just one of many factors that should influence our decisions .
 thought it would give me an overview of societies with issues and why they collapsed . Not so much . As it ended it sounded like Al Gore had helped write it .
 Yet more out-of-date Malthusianism from Diamond . Although he has no qualifications or training whatsoever in the fields of anthropology , sociology , or archaeology , none of this prevents him from making bald assertions that would never hold up under any sort of professional inquiry . Instead , Diamond is willing to assert claims that biologists let go of in the 1950s , in order to re/create his model of biological and ecological determinism . Utter rubbish .
 As usual , Jared has produced a work of almost unimaginable drivel.On page 285 he describes New Guineans as `` more curious and experimental than any other people . '' As proof , he offers a story of how they did not know the use of pencils and instead had used them as `` a plug through the pierced nasal septum . '' In other words , as a bone through their noses!These stone aged people , who have no written language and wear no clothes , are only described as being `` primitive '' with quotation marks , and only as seeming so to Europeans . Since their civilization did not collapse , they are seemingly only included in the tale to demonstrate that Europeans are `` horrified '' -LRB- page 281 -RRB- , `` do n't understand '' -LRB- page 280 -RRB- , `` innovations failed '' -LRB- page 281 -RRB- and `` come to appreciate '' -LRB- page 282 -RRB- . In short , New Guineans are the golden example that Europeans fail to meet.He then claims that terrain ruggedness had confined European explorers to the coast for 400 years , when a far more likely explanation is that the people of New Guinea are well known to be the world 's most notorious cannibals!When discussing the marvelous examples that they set , Jared makes no mention of how they bless their new homes with blood by decapitating a victim and dragging the headless body around the perimeter , or how they cover the skulls of those they have eaten with black bee 's wax and cowry shells.Although I am sure that the Ivy League loony liberal bigots for whom these works are written have taken it all as gospel .
 This book starts off on a very biased footing , with an micro study of the author 's favorite ranch , why he liked it , and what it represents -LRB- who cares ! -RRB- . He goes to the riduculous exercise of comparing it to other major world sites . If you survive this initial drag , you will be bored by very specific details about certain civilizations , only to arrive to the same conclusion ... the weather did it !
 In Guns , Germs , and Steel , Diamond as Yalu poses the question , `` why do some societies succeed better than others . '' The rest of the book is a compelling attempt to answer that question.In the followup , `` Collapse '' Diamond asks the question why do some fail . To the extent that he stays on that topic , the book succeeds . Like GG&S ; , it 's popularized research . Not up to the level of something you would find in a purely academic publication , and some of his assumptions do n't match the latest research , but as with GG&S ; Diamonds critics overstate the importance of those mistakes to his thesis . When he is talking about easter island , the pueblo peoples , and greenland , this is a good -LRB- not great -RRB- book.Unfortunately the other two thirds of the book are a preachy sophomoric mess . Trying to talk about the sustainability of modern industrialized society without really mentioning energy and oil production , and giving only the most trivial -LRB- and demonstrably wrong -RRB- discussion about the role of technology is talking about the cockroaches while the 800 pound gorillas play pinochle . Also , by focusing on the problems and insisting on some platonic ideal of sustainability , his assumptions about the problems actually argue for solutions that he is very unlikely to favor . By insisting that the game is zero sum , Diamond actually legitimizes the short term selfish behavior that one assumes he is trying to fight .
 This is a very authoritative look at mankind 's impact on the environment . Some parts are more informative than others . The parts that are well-written and well-structured are as good as anything available in non-fiction works . The parts that are less well-written and `` hurried '' are pretty unmemorable .
 This book could have been written in about ... 100 pages . The author hammers on the same points continuously without offering any fresh takes due to the different circumstances he describes in the book . Other than the history portions of the book which I found entertaining , I was thoroughly bored the entire way through.Also ... Montana ??
 the picture led me to believe that this was the CD set that I was listening to from the library.It may be my own fault that i did n't pay attention when ordering that I bought a condensed version.Be careful if buying this that you do n't buy this disappointing set .
 Excerpt from a work in progress : `` Perhaps basking in the afterglow of having won a Pulitzer Prize for Guns , Germs , and Steel , Jared Diamond subsequently released a book entitled Collapse , in which he puts forth a multi-point thesis purporting to explain why societies , ancient and modern , pass away-sometimes abruptly . Among those points one will find resource depletion , climatic changes , lack of trading partner availability , and war -- all of which Diamond supplements with considerable research.But for all of the grandiloquence and anthropological minutiae , Diamond devotes not one letter of copy to the lack of vital institutions as a factor in collapse . The problem with this oversight is that the primary cause for the collapse of any society , as well its ability to reform or rebound after collapse , is a lack of these institutions . As Judith Thornton explains with regard to why the Soviet and Eastern European collapses differed in their relative ability to restructure after 1990 : `` One difference between the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe is the immense size of the Soviet economy and high degree of centralization of its government system . The sheer size of the Soviet government meant that the resources at stake in government decisions were enormous , creating significant incentives for individuals in the decision-making hierarchy to attempt to influence decisions by lobbying and by distorting the information on which decisions would be based . Local interests took advantage of long bureaucratic channels between local and central levels and their control of information to supply biased reports . `` What are the institutions whose absence impedes restructuring and post-collapse adjustment ? Thornton 's answer comes later in the same chapter : `` First and foremost , they are property rights and markets . But what impedes the exercise of property rights and contracting in markets ? The hurdles are lack of legal institutions , financial institutions , public goods such as law and order and physical infrastructure , and government administrative capacity . `` If the purported connection between institutions and transaction/interaction costs is right , no theory of societal collapse can be viable and fail to address the issue of institutions outright . In the same way , no theory of collapse can omit the idea that rules of a certain sort effect the ability of a system to transition from a hierarchical to a networked state of affairs . Thus , we should look past Diamond 's work for valid theories of societal collapse . A good place to start might be Douglass North 's Institutions , Institutional Change and Economic Performance . ''
 I bought the Kindle version of the book , but not any picture or photo in the book . Its Kindle version is an incomplete book since it refers many of these pictures .
 There was obviously someone awake in the sales department when coming up with the title of this book but it really was not as scintillating as I had hoped . Collapse starts out kind of slow , with some rambling on about Diamond 's experiences in Montana , before it gets interesting . The middle section is decent , concerning societies that have collapsed and the various reasons why and then the end gets kind of preachy , about what we can do to save-the-spotted-owl and that sort of thing . For those who have read `` Guns , Germs , and Steel '' , Diamond 's exhausive -LRB- and exhausting -RRB- statistic-laden writing style will be familiar but , if you have not read his earlier work , do n't pick up `` Collapse '' expecting a white-knuckle thriller . It is really more of an academic tome than popular reader . In all , I think many people will be duped into expecting more excitement from `` Collapse '' than it delivers .
 This book was assigned to me for a course in Sustainability , it brings you through thousands and thousands of years of collapsed societies based on five main points . It was the same story over and over about a different society . The whole book was very dull and despressing . Very few interesting facts , was n't written too long about but feels out dated .
 In his magnum opus , 1984 , George Orwell famously wrote , `` Who controls the past , controls the future and who controls the present controls the past '' . This is a lesson that Jared Diamond has obviously learned well.In his latest book `` Collapse '' Jared Diamond '' continues to push the Europhobic liberal agenda . Hiding behind the facade of environmentalism Diamond crafts a sub-text that calls for Europeans to embrace the values of failed third-world cultures and abandon the pursuit of technological advancement that has created global European cultural hegemony . Unfortunately for Diamond , genuine scientific research is revealing much of his work to be based on nothing more than wishful thinking and an overactive imagination.Diamond makes the assertion that Easter Island experienced a cultural collapse due to depletion of natural resources and overpopulation . This may conflate well with the tenets of liberalism but unfortunately for Mr Diamond , it does not conflate well with the factual findings of the latest archaeological investigations . Radiocarbon dating of soil samples , by Carl Lipo and Terry Hunt , indicate that Easter Island was not inhabited until two to eight hundred years after the occupation time that Diamond 's theory would require . Quite simply , the new evidence uncovered by Lipo and Hunt indicates that the period of human habitation of Easter Island was far too short for Diamond 's putative collapse to have been the result of overpopulation . To quote Carl Lipo , `` It fits our 21st century view of us as ecological monsters . There 's no doubt that we do terrible things ecologically , but we 're passing that on to the past , which may not have been actually the case , to stick our plight on to them is unfair `` It is difficult to over-emphasise just how badly compromised Diamond is by this evidence . The Easter Island chapter is a major plank in his argument , the fact that Diamond is rank ignorant of the latest archeological research reveals him to be an amateur polemicist rather than a scientific authority figure.Those who may think that Diamond 's Easter Island fantasy is simply an abberation might want to introduce some hard science into their analysis of Diamond 's version of the history of Greenland . The extinction of Greenland 's Viking colony is used by Diamond to enforce the ideology of modern liberalism . Diamond claims that the Vikings perished because a racist contempt for the Inuit prevented them from assimilating ideas that would have prevented their slow starvation . A cultural superiority complex caused the Viking colonists to cling to an unviable agricultural lifestyle and , in Diamonds words , `` The Greenland colonists starved to death surrounded by oceans teeming with fish '' . This is an analysis that neatly dovetails with modern pro-immigrant , liberal cultural relativism and the dogma of multiculturalism . The major flaw in Diamond 's argument is that the latest historical research shows that by the time of the colony 's extinction the Greenland Vikings had , in point of fact , switched from a diet that was 80 % farm food to a diet that was 80 % marine food . In otherwords , the Viking colonists proved to be perfectly capable of adapting to environmental change without having to learn lessons from stone age primitives . To present the Vikings as beloning to a soley agrarian culture in the first place would be the cause for much derisive laughter among genuine historians . The Vikings are well known -LRB- unless you are Diamond -RRB- to have exploited a rich variety of marine life as a food resource.The alternative explanation for the Vikings demise is that the mini-ice age that caused the Vikings to switch diets also witnessed a mass immigration of Alaskan Inuit who competed with the Vikings for food and finally massacred them in an unrecorded genocide . We know about the mini ice-age from the evidence of core samples and tree rings . We know about the Innuit peregrinations through archeology and folk record . In the face of genuine science and history I 'm afraid Mr Diamond is left up a certain creek without means of conveyance . Historians tend not to write about evolutionary biology , perhaps evolutionary biologists might in future restrain their urge to embarrass themselves by writing about history ?
 Mr Diamond 's most famous book , `` Guns , Germs , and Steel '' is the high religious tome of the ideology of geographic determinism -LRB- GD -RRB- . This theory states that a culture 's dominance on the world stage is almost exclusively a product of geography and plant and animal species available to the local human inhabitants . As such , it 's an extension of every enviro-chicken little encountered over the past 50 or so years - the Ehrlichs et al. . This book is literally just more of the same.Environmentalism as substitute for religion , and the self-loathing of comfortable but scientifically illiterate pseudointellectuals who have willfully and disdainfully disconnected themselves from their civilization 's spiritual and philosophical heritage are two of the most ridiculous and most embarrassing symptoms of the disease of postmodernism . Diamond embodies both of these symptoms.Furthermore , while Diamond frequently and gratingly congratulates himself for `` exploding racist theories '' of history every chance he gets , he constantly injects bits of whimsy which can only be attributed to viewing one ethnic group as being inherently superior/inferior to another . He has said that people in New Guinea are actually more inherently intelligent than Westerners , for example.Much as the predictors -LRB- like Ehrlich -RRB- of environmental and demographic collapse have been wrong very nearly 100 % of the time , so too has the theory of GD been completely discredited in the eyes of science . There are several books the content of which , at this point , have basically put the theory of GD onto the ash heap of history . The best and most complete deconstruction of this theory is Hanson 's book `` Carnage and Culture '' . Hanson very carefully points out that the dominance of one culture can not be explained by racial differences or diseases or timing of domestication of animals . In his book , Hanson definitively proves that it is culture and certain cultural values , not geography , or racial differences , or foodstuffs , or disease , which determine the success or failure of one civilization pitted against another . His book is the antidote for the poison of Diamond 's new age hippy-dippy `` desire masquerading as science '' . The only reason I gave this book any stars at all is that like his other books , Diamond includes lots of little interesting factoids which are fun to learn . Sadly , they are presented as conclusive proof of his theory , and by any actual scientific metric , they are not . His books are interesting to read but they never prove his theory in a scientifically valid way.Perhaps these interesting factoids in Diamond 's books and and a public education system which has done a very poor job of science education for the past four or five decades , coupled with a political desire in the boomer generation to have touchy-feely environmental policy , explain his books ' sales success .
 Do n't be fooled by Diamond 's apparent objectivity . This book is first and foremost a critique of Western European culture by a scholar imbued with left-wing bias and anti-European prejudice.Collapse finds its inspiration in cultural relativism , the academic dogma of absolute racial equality , luddite , anti-technological environmentalism , and most of the other hackneyed left-wing rubrics.Most dogmatic political works are boring in the extreme and when one realises that Collapse is indeed a political book , it attains all of the arresting allure of a Barney the Dinosaur book.If I might give an example , there is Diamond 's analysis of the Viking settlement in Greenland . According to Diamond , the Vikings , although in possession of superior technology which initially allowed them to exploit the environment of Greenland significantly more successfully than their Innuit rivals , ultimately perished because their cultural arrogance would not allow them to assimilate survival strategies from the Innuits whom they considered to be barbarians . Result , Vikings perish and disappear from Greenland whilst the despised Innuit flourish and remain.The message we are supposed to come away with is , of course , that Hey ! Western European civilisation may have massive technological superiority , but unless we open our borders and change our culture to bring it more into line with African , Asian , and Middle Eastern culture , Western Europe and America will become extinct , just like the Vikings right?Diamond is , of course , completely ignorant of Viking culture and civilisation and is consequently 100 % wrong in his analysis . The Greenland colonists did not perish . They re-emmigrated to Iceland and Norway . The Greenland colony never was a great success due to the harshness of the climate . The Greenland colonists did not choose to perish because they despised Innuits as sub-humans , they chose to return to a land where they could raise cattle and pigs , grow corn , make beer and weave cloth , rather than munch raw fish and live in snow holes.In an opus which claims to present a unified field theory of why civilisations collapse , it is laughable that Diamond does not actually mention one single recognised historical civilisation . No mention of Rome , Persia , Egypt , the Mongols , the Hittites or Ancient Greece . What we get instead are a couple of tiny islands in the Pacific , a wierd jungle theocracy and a fringe offshoot of Amerindian expansion . With the possible exception of the Maya , none of Diamond 's examples can even be credibly described as a civilisation . The Easter Islanders and the Pitcairn Islanders had customs , they did not have culture , and were not civilisations.Diamond 's theory is so preposterously based on biased sample , false comparison and extrapolation from insufficent evidence that it would be highly hilarious if it were not for the fact that our modern universities are producing graduates who believe that this codswallop has intellectual merit .
 I 'm guessing Diamond was given a huge advance to write this book based on his last success , `` Guns , Germs and Steel '' - which was a terrific book . Collapse opens up with a completely non-sensical description of Montana based on anecdotal stories . He mentions global warming many times for no apparent reason . The book seems more like incoherent ramblings rather than the careful analysis of a skilled researcher . I rarely put down a book once I start but I could n't bear to continue after 3 chapters . Sorry Jared , but terrible book .
 Jared Diamond is Professor of Geography and Environmental Health Sciences at the University of California , Los Angeles . He writes , `` This book employs the comparative method to understand societal collapses to which environmental problems contribute . My previous book -LRB- Guns , Germs , and Steel
 A great and timely theme . Unfortunately , supporting this theme with spurious , old , and disregarded data does n't make the case . The result is that anyone half-way sophisticated enough to be familiar with the issues and up-to-date information will be at least unimpressed . The previous `` Guns , Germs , and Steel '' was a good piece of work , at least from the purely materialist perspective , but this one will not make converts .
 I was very dissapointed in this book . Though the concept is intriguing , the writing style is tedious and repetitive . It is said that Social scientists in an effort to ensure their scholarship is recognised , often obfuscate their material to try to make the point . This book is a fine example of that phenomena.Still a good editor could have probably saved this book . Alas that was not the case . Good book to put you to sleep though .
 There is a lot of the author 's rantings about big business and mining in his state . His ranting went on for nearly 100 pages , then he goes on to talk about the fall of societies that were doomed from the start . I could have made the analysis that he made about the specific societies that he picked . Personally I was dissipointed that he did not get into idealistic reasons why some societies fail . I would have liked to see more about why very technilogically advanced societies failed throughout history .
 The Kindle Edition of this book is more expensive than the paperback edition sold new . This is not Amazon 's fault , it is the publisher 's fault . This is not acceptable . A digital edition of a book costs essentially nothing to produce and nothing to distribute . There is no inventory to manage and no risk of being burned with returned stock . When publishers choose not to deliver a digital version of their books at acceptable prices , it puts eReader users in an unfortunate position . I will read this book by taking it out at a library for free . If the publisher had priced the digital edition below the physical edition , I would have bought it .
 Recommendation
 Dr. Diamond is one of those academic sluts who come up with a theory before he ever bothers with observation or hypothesis . So what you have here is a piece of pop culture pseudo science that a lot of people who know NOTHING about archeology , archeo-botany or climate theory are going to believe because this guy has a PhD . -LRB- You know what that PhD stands for ? Piled Higher and Deeper . And in this case , it applies . -RRB- He started this book with a point to prove , and then went out and found his `` case studies '' to fit his theory , entirely ignoring the little matter of the professional standard of scientific theory , which requires both observation and hypothesis AS A STARTING POINT . Along the way , he entirely ignores whole libraries of both physical evidence and documentary information that disagree with his pre-determined viewpoint.His case studies -- particularly the Easter Island one -- are based in RACIST anthropological models that presume that the ` civilizations ' in question were just plain stupid . Of course , he being the Smart White Professor at the California University can help us avoid these poor , misguided , simpleton 's mistakes , because , of course , we are White People.There 's a reason that this book was n't published by a University press -- it could NEVER have gotten past peer review . There are just too many assumptions , most of them false and racially biased , and there are reams of documentary evidence to prove him wrong.But peer-review standards and accurate scholarship do n't mean anything to Viking , nor to the average eco-fan . The thing that really chaps me is that people are going to buy this thing , and because he can manage to string 2 sentencess together in a row , they 're going to buy the argument , even though when all is said and done , the most CHARITABLE evaluation of it would be to call his interpretation a misrepresentation.Personally , I call it Lying By Omission . Leave out the facts you do n't like , pretend they do n't exist , and you 'll sell half a million books to people who do n't have the background to know that you 're only telling about 25 % of the story.That 's the real story of Diamond 's book -- how to hoodwink the eco-movement in 600 pages and make a million while you 're at it .
 Guns , Germs and Steel , though somewhat ethnocentric , was a decent book with good points . this one remains ethnocentric , but loses the good points . .
 In case you have n't figured it out yet , Jared Diamond does not , and never has , know what he is writing about . His facts are suspect , his opinions are worthless . His analysis equal a curious 9th grader . Not only does this book cover nothing new , it is endlessly boring and the topics are all re-hashes . You made your money Jared , now hang it up .
 The best thing about this book is that Jared Diamond explains why there are no trees on Easter Island
 We 've all heard of Euro-trash - I 'd like to coin a new phrase
 I found the refrence -LRB- page 371 -RRB- to Chinese people alongside beetles , diseases , and some virulent and adaptive carp to be extremely racist and fundamentally unacceptable . People should not be named alongside diseases and animals , especially in such an insulting manner . Diamond 's blatant disrespect for other cultures in this case attests to the racism and possibly nefarious intents in writing this book .
 Books Premise
 Do not buy this book ! To examine only a part of this book , his picture of Greenland Society is completely at odds with the known history of the Norse Society that florished there for over 500 years . Among other claims Diamond makes is that the Greenlanders had a taboo against fishing ! Nonsence , they came from Iceland and Norway , where fishing has been part of the culture since before pre-history . Diamond also claims that the Greelanders could not smelt iron because they cut down their forests ! The only forests on Greenland were birch thickets and there is no source of iron ore to smelt . The little iron they had had to be imported from Iceland or from Vinland.Another of his abserd claims is that the Greenlanders starved . For 500 years ? They did n't starve , the population fell below a level where it could ststain itself and the Greenlanders just slowly died out.Basically Diamond is a doomsaying tree hugger who is relying on the ignorance of the average person to push his political adgenda . The best place for this and all of Diamond 's books is in the compost heap .
 This book was a complete waste of time . I ca n't believe anyone would buy this book . Jared just relies on the general idiots ignorance to pull his own personal agenda throughout the entire book . There are so many false claims . This book is full of fluff.There is a reason it is now 40 % off .
 Jared Diamond 's bestselling Guns , Germs , and Steel argued that geography trumped culture , and that the current privileged position of the West was therefore mostly attributable to the advantageous resources in , and location of , Western countries , rather than to Europe 's singular values . Despite the allure of such a politically correct exegesis - President Clinton endorsed the book wholeheartedly - there were numerous criticisms of this determinist idea of natural accidents resulting in the present-day dominance of the West . At some point a Cleisthenes , Plato , Augustine , Magna Carta , Sistine Chapel , Thomas Edison , or Albert Einstein - and the thinking and substructure that produced them - is worth more than long , indented coastlines and concentrations of iron ore . Diamond seemed to be terribly confused about the course of 2,500 years of Western history
 This book 's punchiest lines come near the end when the author settles scores with a corpse , that of Julian Simon . While living , Mr. Simon had bad manners ; he made leftist ideologues such as Paul Ehrlich and Jared Diamond look foolish by fumigating their smelly orthodoxies and pieties . Now that Simon is safely dead and ca n't fight back , Dr. Diamond gets mad and gets even . `` All of our current problems , '' he writes , `` are unintended negative consequences of our existing technology . The rapid advances in technology during the 20th century have been creating difficult new problems faster than they have been solving old problems ... An even larger fraction of the world 's original wetlands than of its forests has already been destroyed , damaged , or converted . `` Original ? What point of origin does he mean ? Big Bang ? Formless & void ? Pangaea ? Diamond is entitled to draw his own baseline for his assertion , but he should tell us what it is . As for `` All '' of our current problems , Julian Simon would be ready to rumble if he were only alive . During the 20th Century technology almost doubled developed-world lifespans and had pulled up developing-world lifespans prior to the decimation of sub-Saharan Africa and SE Asia by AIDS . Increased lifespan during a period of almost-exponentially increasing population was thought to be impossible before the technological 20th Century . Just ask Malthus.Dr . Diamond also gets some things right , particularly his chapters on business , and is more incisive as an economist than as a scientist . Parts of his intro chapter on Montana are also good . He 's plowing old trails plowed under about Montana as a plundered province of extractive industry , but he plows well the parts about hard rock mining -LRB- still operating under 1872 rules -- that 's why toxic heavy metals were permitted to pool behind dams a few miles from Missoula 's water supply -- and about water allocation regimes adapted badly to the arid west.He 's unconvincing & unreliable about Montana agriculture , logging , and climate change . Here is how Diamond discusses the climatological collapse of the Big Hole Valley south of Missoula
 I went into Collapse with , if anything a slight bias towards liking the book . I had not read Guns , Germs and Steel but had generally heard good things about Collapse and it had , in fact , been suggested to me for my work with a sustainable design firm . I 'm sad to say that this book was a big disappointment , there 's a lot to express but I 'm going to lay out the four big problems with the book.I first realized something was ary when I got to his chapter on Haiti and the Dominican Republic 's history . It was unlike the history I had grown up with , and unlike the history sketched out , for example , in Lies my Teacher Told me or any of the Paul Farmer 's books . The former is particularly intriguing as the book is short and illustrates that one can both be broad and accurate in a small space.The next red flag for me was when he discussed how Australia had difficulty exporting a good they had competitive advantage for - because there was such a strong cultural bias against it , so much so that the United States had banned import of Kangaroo because a Congressman 's wife thought they were cute . I was confused because I had eaten Kangaroo meat , legally , in a restaurant in the United States in 2004 - the book was originally published in 2005 . I googled it , Kangaroo meat was legal in the US in 2005 . The third red flag for me was that in his ` solutions ' chapters he lay the blame on consumers instead of corporations for environmental problems . He did so even after explaining in the previous chapters how mining corporations , for example , tend to go ` bankrupt ' when given their Bill for environmental damage . Fine . He goes on to list that people should sue in the face of environmental damage , and lists Bhopal as an example of public success through legal action.Is he mad?Putting aside the tens of thousands who died from the disaster , it took 26 years for court to pronounce the top managers of the Bhopal disaster guilty - they got two years of jail . Yes , they paid the Indian government 470 million in restitution , but they never cleaned up the environment , and Union Carbide now owned by DOW says they have no responsibility to do so . If your central thesis is that you should use the law to get companies to clean the environment , and you cite a company that has not cleaned up their environment and is using legal loopholes to avoid doing so ... and that ignores the number of nations without democratic regimes and do n't have the ability to sue corporations . In addition , many of the people directly affected by Bhopal never saw a penny or saw very little of the money . Nice.Furthermore , he is selective in his data . He says that recent changes in fishing gear has reduced the rate of dolphin deaths in the Pacific significantly , but fails to mention that dolphin safe tuna , while fantastic for tuna is terrible for ocean biodiversity . There 's actually an increase in by-catch but in other -LRB- less cuddly -RRB- species . He talks about certification , but fails to point out that since most consumer goods are not certified , and since certification is voluntary many companies are continuing to produce things unsustainably and even worse have muddied the waters with faux certifications.Finally , this is a poorly edited book . I 'm talking really egregious grammatical errors , and the book could have easily been 100 pages if the writing had just been made tighter .
 Jared Diamond can type a lot of words , but he says very little . Much of the info is repetitive and rote as you can skim through all the historical chapters without missing anything . As others have noted , Diamond 's failing is that he makes broad assumptions without evidence early on and it corrodes his credibility from the start . Overall , a terrible book I recommend you skip . Read the summary and you 'll know enough to save your money .
 I am very interested in the topic of this book , but the book itself is overly long , meandering , and generally a boring read . Which by the way was my opinion of Guns Germs and Steel , except that GGS was even worse . Diamond clearly shows his leftist bias on several occasions , i.e. when discussing Montana , Los Angeles , Haiti , or the Dominican Republic . The length of the book is crushing , and the author repeats himself a lot , e.g. when discussing the Vikings in Greenland or New Guinea 's natives . There are also plenty of irrelevant details which should have been edited out to shorten the book and make the narrative tighter , e.g. how the Inuit -LRB- eskimos -RRB- hunt seals or whales -LRB- and I mean , every detail is described
 This was a great disappointment after GG&S ; - the case studies are few , variable in quality and very selective ; and his conclusions do n't follow from his data.A book with this title should help us understand , for example , why the Roman Empire collapsed after 1,100 years , whereas the Egyptian civilization lasted 3,000 . Instead the author concentrates on failures allegedly caused by environmental problems.Specifically :1 . To qualify as a serious intellectual exercise , the book needed to cover many civilizations , and spend as much effort analysing the successes as the failures . Arnold Toynbee 's `` A Study of History '' is such an attempt - analysing in detail every one of the 22 major civilizations & assessing all the factors that led to their rise and fall . And he does convincingly explain why the Romans went south and the Egyptians lasted so long . You can disagree with Toynbee 's conclusions , but at least he lays all his data and reasoning before you . `` Collapse '' does n't come close to this standard of scholarship .2 . The author spends 100 pages - 20 % of the book ! - on the failure of the small Nordic settlement in Greenland , when all you need to know is that it was an outlying colony of Norway that died out when ice -LRB- global cooling ! -RRB- prevented resupply .3 . His argument that deforestation is a Bad Thing seems true for Easter Island . But is clearly not true in Europe , Egypt and much of the rest of the world . Why ? 4 . He does n't quantify , except when he forecasts imminent doom . For example , what exactly is the damage we cause China when we send it -LRB- plate 27 -RRB- our cast-off PCs , TVs and cellphones ? 5 . He does n't understand technology , saying on page 450
 I found Jarred Diamond 's , `` Collapse '' disappointing after his impressive , `` Guns , Germs , and Steel . '' I will limit my comments here to Diamond 's brief analysis of the collapse of the Maya kingdoms during the Terminal Classic period , which I found overly simplistic , considering the complexity of the issues surrounding this event presented in the wealth of information coming out of field studies throughout the Maya lowlands.In this chapter of `` Collapse , '' Diamond presents an uninformed picture of the nature of the interaction between the Maya and the tropical forest in which they lived and prospered for several thousand years before the collapse . He spends several pages discussing Maya agricultural practices in terms of their limited productivity and comparing these to more successful Aztec and Andean methods , and disparages the Maya diet as having `` limited protein '' content . Diamond clearly expresses a limited understanding of ancient American agriculture and diet in statements like these , which are simply not true . In numerous books and articles , Mayanists marvel over the brilliance of Maya horticultural and agricultural innovations that turned their tropical forests into productive gardens , which reach far beyond the cultivation of corn . Tree crops alone were amazingly productive for the Maya.Diamond stumbles through explanations of Maya warfare when he points out that the Maya had low-productivity corn that hindered their ability to feed warriors on the march , and no large animals to carry supplies for long military campains . Here he misses the point that American cultures may have made war differently than Old World cultures and perhaps got along fine for thousands of years without beasts of burdon . But he uses such reasoning to explain why Maya kingdoms were small in size and no great Maya empire ever expanded across the lowlands , as if that consequential to our understanding of the Maya.Finally , the point of the chapter , that the ancient Maya did themselves in by exceeding the carrying capacity of their land in ways that conveniently echo our own destructive environmental practices -- overpopulation , destruction of their forest resource base , and then suffered periods of intense drought , which pushed their complex society over the ecological edge , leading to political collapse and abandonment of much of the lowlands . It is a neat senario , and has some circumstancial support by climatic data ... but still very debatable among researchers , who include scientists from many disciplines . There are many other circumstances that were going on that better explain this collapse , environmental challenges may weigh among them in places.I think Diamond is not in a position to make a contribution to the Maya collapse debate , as expressed in this weak chapter . Unfortunately , for an emminant geographer , Diamond displays an amazing lack of familiarity with the Maya and the other ancient American cultures he examines in this chapter . I think that the jury is still out concerning the cause of the Classic Maya collapse . Unfortunately , explanations like this one do a disservice to the Maya , who perhaps should be marveled at for their ecological successes rather than held up as an example of another civilization that ruined their land , like us .
 The author is an environmentalist and uses his book to get his point of view across.The comparisons are absurd.It took me a LONG time to get throught he book .
 I thought Jared 's previous book , `` Guns , Germs , and Steel '' , was outstanding . This book is terrible . His premise that civilizations collapse because they damage the environment is unsubstantiated , and he offers no scientifically valid data to support it . Not worth reading .
 I was sorry to find underlining in the book . Underlining should be revealed as part of the condition of the book ,
 This pompous person , i.e. , liberal professor , makes silly assumptions and writes them in a bombastic style . The usual professorial position is taken
 This book was the most disappointing that I have read in years . I was a huge fan of Guns , Germs and Steel and The Third Chimpanzee but this book was definitely not up to the standard set by Diamond with those two.While the book is clearly very well researched , and thoroughly explores issues brought forward , it gets lost in Diamond 's rhetoric and preaching about environmental measures that must be taken . At times I was sure that I was reading a book by Naomi Klein.Unfortunately , this book does not live up to previous titles by Diamond .
 After a stunning book with `` Guns , . . '' , I guess I was bound to be disappointed . What made his previous book so amazing was a fresh way to analyze the history of men through the impact of geography . This time , while he does bring about a myriad of interestings facts , his conclusions are unconvincing . His main anecdotal evidence is from remote fragile environments , from which any extrapolation is tenuous at best . He tries to overcome this weekness by analyzing a couple of larger countries , but again , the conclusion seems forced , like fitting a square peg in a triangle slot . Political , historical and social reasons would seem to outweigh the environmental reasons of collapse . He acknowledges the impact of these reasons , but insinuates more than demonstrates the importance of environment . The weakest point was his 11 environmentally strained countries related to the same 11 countries with political problems . Which came first , the political problems which led to enviromental problems , or the other way around ? I recognize that no labarotory experimentation is possible when analyzing societies , but a good falsifiable approach would bring him a long way towards greater credibility .
 The Australian Institue of Agricultural Science and Technology found chapter 13 `` Mining '' Australia to be deeply flawed . In their AIAST Journal they write `` Diamond 's analysis suffers from igonrance of geography and history , confusion between areas and eras , a poor understanding of the concepts of sustainability , and an over readiness to uncritically accept some popular assertions . '' -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This -LRB- excellent -RRB- book comes with two sets of images
 I was really looking forward to reading this book as I had read several other books that trace the rise and fall of various civilizations and underlying causes . This book seemed very promising , but was really just a series of isolated examples of very minor backwater civilizations being used to prove a political argument , rather than present a convincing discussion of how civilizations evolve and then end.His major argument is that big business neglects the environment and if this continues , our civilization will collapse . This sounds a bit silly when stated flat out and seems likely a highly questionable conlusion based on ancedotal , n = 1 style evidence . However he cloaks the argument in several hundred pages of rambling discussion , much of it with a very moral overtone . The moral overtone itself , is very much a turn off , but it serves the purpose of highlighting that he is not detached enough from the value based argument to evalute his own `` evidence '' and questionable , tenous conclusions and reasoning . The book strikes one as strangely myopic , clinging to individual , one-off data points to support a value based perspective and moderately irrational as it rambles and struggles to connect the ideas being expressed .
 I bought this book based on my fond memories of Guns , Germs and Steel from a college class , but either this book is far inferior or my tastes have changed since then . Collapse is needlessly verbose -- it hashes and rehashes the same points over and over , reminding you of ideas just explained a few pages ago as if you have the memory of a goldfish , then summarizing again at the end in specific detail . It felt as though the book is designed to be used as a textbook , with blatant emphasis points and easily extracted test questions -LRB- `` Name 9 of the 12 reasons for societal collapse ... '' -RRB- instead of a serious study of the subject -LRB- I guess Diamond knows where his bread is buttered -RRB- . Add this to the fact that although he has extremely valid arguments , the subtext fails to mention that the book focuses ONLY on environmental factors of societal collapse -LRB- i.e. , all collapse causes lead to or are caused by environmental factors -RRB- and the author writes with a serious environmental agenda . It 's a shame , because I think the subject is one that deserves serious attention and one that I agree with almost completely , but the book 's patronizing tone , both scholarly and enviro-politically , left a bad taste in my mouth .
 As other reviewers here have mentioned , Diamond spends too much attention on the Greenland Norse and his arguments about them are unpersuasive . He draws conclusions about the end of their society that he himself gives plenty of evidence to believe are wrong . The three economic bases of Greenland Norse society , he tells us , were agriculture , game hunting , and hunting for Walrus ivory to trade to Europe.Agricultural production shrank because of worsening weather in Greenland . There were repeated crop failures and consequent loss of farm animals , followed by intermittent starvation . The ivory trade ended when the Crusades opened Mediterranean trade routes between Europe and the Arabs . That made elephant ivory available in Europe , which was cheaper and superior to Greenland walrus ivory . The end of the ivory trade destroyed the economic basis of ship traffic between Europe and Greenland . Further , as Diamond explains , increasing ice floes in Greenland fjords made navigation difficult and finally impossible , and ended Greenland 's connection with Europe.Diamond is vague about whether hunting for food became less productive because of the worsening weather or because of competition for game from the Inupiat eskimos , or both . Diamond suggests the Inupiat may have massacred the last few remaining Norse.He also mentions that Greenland had been populated by four successive waves of peoples coming from the Canadian arctic , each of whom died out , apparently during past eras of worsening weather.From these facts Diamond somehow concludes that the cause of the failure of Norse Greenland was their failure to become Inupiat eskimoes . He says they died out because of their cultural inflexibility . That is not much more relevant than saying they died out because they did n't have supermarkets.Along similar lines he concludes that the near extinction of the Easter Islanders was their cutting down the trees on which their agriculture was dependent . He gives this as an example of environmental short-sightedness . He does not mention the generally accepted theory that they did it , not carelessly , but as deliberate acts of destruction during a lengthy and ultimately mutually suicidal civil war . The conclusion that Diamond draws may still be true , but is very much beside the point in answering what the Easter Islanders could or should have done differently.Many of Diamond 's other conclusions are similarly unpersuasive . This was particularly disappointing since his earlier `` Guns , Germs , and Steel '' was so thought-provoking and interesting . It may be cynical and even unkind to say so , but the obvious paddedness of the book made me wonder if there was not a book contract somewhere requiring the book to be at least of some specified length . Even more cynically , I wondered if the largely irrelevant-to-anything and apparently tacked-on-afterwards section on Montana 's Bitteroot Valley was not a way to make his trips there tax deductible .
 I have to say , I 'm severely disappointed in this book . Diamond 's GGAS is one of the most riveting NF books I 've ever read , and has given me excellent fuel for numerous intellectual conversations . So I expected more from this . I do n't need to go into its structure , as 166 previous reviews certainly cover that . I 'm disappointed that this entire book is basically environmental statistics from history . It reads much less like a discourse on sociohistorical problems -LRB- as GGAS did -RRB- and much more like the findings of some obscure UN charter committee.I know the negative checks are going to roll in for this one , that 's why I 'm doing this as a kid 's review . I do n't need my good average screwed .
 I found this book to be full of scattered opinions and incorrect assumptions . I bought the hardback and will throw it away rather than give to another . Parts of the book are interesting , and as I read it I took the authors work at face value . However whenever he ventured into my area of expertise , agribusiness , I found that the author had only an armchair understanding and opinion of agricultural markets and practices - this led me to doubt the complete work.I greatly anticipated reading this book - sadly I can not recommend it at all .
 Prof Diamond can be a really good writer . I enjoyed the chapters on the Maya , Easter Island and the Vikings . I thought the Rwanda chapter was excellent . To be honest I found the beginning and end of the book a lecturey dirge.But there are so many things to pick up on . The Easter Islanders were not isolated - after all how did the sweet potato spread into Polynesia from south America if not through Easter Island ? Easter Island probably had some -LRB- trade ? -RRB- connections to South America until the Inca Empire -LRB- understandably -RRB- collapsed in the 16th century.Next , the Maya were not isolated . They had trade links notably with Mexico to the NW but also with Guatemala to the SE . The collapse of high culture in Yucatan was not a failure of agriculture - people concentrated in different parts of the Yucatan peninsula at different times as a result of changing trade , technologies and trade routes . Ultimately , technology made any trade route through the peninsula superfluous.Lastly , the Vikings of Greenland were not isolated , but were a connected part of the Scandinavian world , exporting furs -LRB- as even Prof Diamond acknowledges -RRB- . They probably packed up and went home because the weather , for various reasons , no-longer made it possible to keep that trade going -LRB- and I do pity the few poor blighters they left behind -RRB- . What 's a wonder is that Iceland 's society did n't give up the ghost at the same time.By failing to recognise the connectedness of past societies it 's easy to make out that they were destined to implode due to their isolation . That makes it look like a really good analogy for the global food crisis that we 're in . But it 's not a good analogy , it 's just wrong . A better analogy would draw would be just how bad the effects of an international economic crisis can be in making people behave disgracefully as they go down .
 Do n't be misled by the title . And do n't buy this book if you have absolutely no interest in reading HUNDREDS OF PAGES about the social minutiae of why Vikings could n't raise potatoes.Jared Diamond is absolutely THE authority on the endless seemingly trivial micro-dynamics and the detailed analysis of the lifestyles of ancient cultures that makes up this very thick book . But why ANYONE would care to read about how some ancient Greenland society dealt with soil erosion is beyond me.Although it still gathers dust next to my bed , I 'm hoping -LRB- if I ever DO get to the last few pages of this hard-to-hold dictionary sometime in the distant future -RRB- that there will be some sort of final assessment of how all this ENDLESS stuff that I have been reading about can be tied together to show how TODAY 'S cultures should pay closer attention to what they 're doing -LRB- although I suspect it wo n't -RRB- . Intensely academic . A true stellar research piece . But since NOTHING in this book so far can be applied to why TODAY 'S cultures seem to be collapsing -LRB- I ca n't seem to come up with any societies that are still hollowing logs out to build boats ... -RRB- and that the title describes my interest level , unless you want to feel like your trying to stay awake n one of those classes in college that you HAD to take to get credit , look for something a little more directly applicable to today 's conditions . Peak oil . Economic catastrophe . Celestial extinction event . But ... Viking attacks ??
 In Collapse , Jared Diamond utilizes what is on the surface a sound scientific approach to the problems of societies and their eventual collapse . Unfortunately , the focus of this topic is visibly narrow . For his `` prehistoric '' examples he used 1,000 year old societies , in addition to more recent ones , and found what he believed to be that all societies were basically inharmonious realities forever striving to coexist with the natural world . Fair enough , but this goes somewhat against common sense . There are certainly examples of simple cultures living relatively harmoniously with nature , even today in South America , despite modern encroachment . Unfortunately , Diamond uses the lens of western civilization to examine the failure of civilization . Truth be told , the greatest underlying cause of collapse is civilization itself and its blood thirsty , energy hungry appetite that always seeks to expand until it collapses . It is apparent that the agricultural revolution changed the landscape of the world deeply . While there are differing reasons for collapse , both on the macro and micro level , it is only that of over-accumulation and destruction of resources that characterize societies that are able to severely alter their own habitats to the point of sudden die-off or collapse with any kind of predictable frequency . In examining human cultures , we must look closely to all of human history and not merely that which dates to the written page -LRB- i.e. civilization -RRB- leaving out other landscapes of human activity rich with meaning . Where the book excels is at explaining some of the technical processes of societies failing but it is unable to frame the issues in a larger perspective . Writers and anthropologists should not leave important parts of human history simply out of focus , yet this is one of the great sins of the western world , and this book is no exception .
 While parts are interesting , the overiding message comes off poorly substantiated and reads mainly as opinion weakly supported by data . In fact , there are almost no direct references for the purported facts reported which leaves the reader wondering if much of anything in the book can be believed . Unfortunately , when he got on topics where I have direct knowledge , he exagerated secondary drivers and largely glossed more significant factors . This is either due to naivety or perhaps because fact did n't fit the ` script ' - or a mixture of both . He tends to seek special cases to justify a general conclusion . As with most subscribers to the doomsday scenario he seems to be picking factoids to support his story but is n't looking at the big picture , probably because the big picture shows his case to be without much merit .
 This is a pretty good book for beginning users who have no experience with other graphics programs or little familiarity with Windows & Office either.It is well written and easy to read with plenty of screen shots and step-by-step instruction for a beginning level user . Covers a lot of basic functionality that most Windows or Office users should be familiar with already.Most of the information covered is obvious if you just sit down and play with the program for a few days , but there were one or two little tidbits that were nice to read . The format is very easy to follow and will help get you up and running with the program quickly
 The book is well written but many crucial concepts are weakly communicated .
 An interesting book , I found myself reading and rereading entire passages . Not only because I enjoyed the text , but also because the translation was sometimes so awkward that I had trouble making sense of some sections . Perhaps the next edition will be better produced .
 this book reads like a crummy clive barker rip off with way too much sexual violence for the casual reader . it also loses most of its energy in the last 50 or so pages , and leaves the reader with just itching for it to end . i ws glad when i got through it , but i definitely wouldnt recommend it to anyone .
 First and foremost this book was written when directX 5 was the standard . Now we are up to 7/8 and I assume there have been many changes , at least there are some examples in the DirectX 7 SDK which use functions not covered in this book . The lack of complete code examples or exercies means this is definately not a tutorial and there are no tables to indicate it is a reference book . In fact , the book seems to be a collection of ramblings about directX and computer graphics in general . Maybe this was never intended to be a reference or a tutorial , but either would have probably been more useful .
 asdas
 I was expecting more from Microsoft Press . The authors are C programmers who do n't realize the power of C++ and it 's reusabilty . I find no reference anywhere to MFC ! The authors are still stuck in the stone age of C programming and I 'm assuming they have never heard of MFC even though they work at Microsoft . I wish I had n't bought this book . I am anxious for the book DirectX Complete With CDROM by James Boer and Michael Root . It wo n't be available till November 98 . From the synopsis it will use the AppWizard in VC + + and use MFC and C++ the way any true Windows program should , for reusabilty and maintenace .
 When i bought the book i had only the intention of learning directX . That 's it . But after buying th book , i got stuck after the first example because it uses MFC and the Win32 API . It throughs you for a loop because it barely describes those concepts . This book is completely USELESS to me untill i learn the Win32 API . That would n't be a problem except that I DO N'T WANT TO !!! Hope I was able to warn at least ONE person
 Sorry to say but this book is pretty bad , the fragmented code while saves space is not very comprehensible . I was looking for a style like Charles Petzold 's book but was disappointed , the sample code on the cd makes up a bit but I have a specific problem with the code on the cd . Some samples actually crashed my machine -LRB- Blitz -RRB- and Surface did nothing , then I looked at the code while the authors had code to see whether the user had a 16-bit RGB enabled gfx card , they messed that up by setting the mode to 32-bits with the call to SetDisplayMode , so if you have a gfx card that only supports 24-bits the program either does nothing or crashes , why the authors assumed that everyone had a 32-bit gfx card I have no idea to make the programs work change the argument of SetDisplayMode from 32 to 24 and it should work . After reading this book I should email Charles Petzold and beg him to write a book on DirectX .
 This seems like a book on DirectX theory , but not a programming guide . The examples are somewhat obscure , and hide the relationship of DirectX and windows through wrappers.Most of the Microsoft Press books I 've got are great , except this one . This book is a true disapointment , do n't expect it to get you developing DX apps unless you 've got lots of other resources and time.To put it bluntly , `` This book sucks ! '' Any other DX book is bound to be better .
 Hongo delights us with his poetic voice and I was expecting big things with this memoir . But does n't a ` memoir ' mean you 've spent some meaningful time in a locale and are a bit of an expert on it ? Hongo left Hawaii for California at a young age and knows little if anything about the history of the aina . His spiritual angle on looking at a leaf , stream , or hardened lava flow is somewhat interesting but the book lacks any meaningful punch because there is little or no characterization . I was expecting him to reconnect with people from his childhood but there are none . He is chasing ghosts from an invented past and the writing suffers for it .
 A short book of some 170 pages , but too limited in scope . For several ideas the author introduces , he then offers no explanation , reinforcement , or details of any kind . The author makes the point that TV crime dramas compress the timeline of evidence testing , but not by how much . How is it that a fictional criminalist can take a few seconds to determine a positive test for human blood at the crime scene using a specialized indicator , but the book 's examples take hours or even a full day ? Evidence of omission within this text makes me wonder if the author did n't bother discussing such tests , or if this specialized indicator is also a fiction.I have found three errors and oversights within * one * chapter , e.g. Nag can not stand for both N-acetylglucosamine * and * N-acetylgalactosamine in the same antigen example , as it does on pages 35-36 . Missing birth and death dates for one historical chemist on page 50 makes it hard to place his work within the growing timeline . By far the most distressing occurrence are the * twenty * errors within the * one * table on genetic bloodtype transmission on page 46 . Misinformation such as this is worse than ignorance.I have some passing interest in chemistry and forensics , but I am by no stretch of the imagination any sort of expert in either field . I can not attest to the verity of the forensic tests or the chemical equations and reactions , but I fear this error rate only indicates the proverbial tip of the iceberg.This book may be a brief -LRB- if inaccurate -RRB- history of Forensic Chemistry , but is not a good introduction to the occupational field , and it is not a well-written text .
 I dont think this is a spoiler alert . If it is im sorry . I have been reading this series , Im like 7 or 8 books in now . There is a recurring theme in all these books , to the point that Im not even interested in them anymore.boy vows to never marry -LRB- or just marry for convienence sake -RRB- boy meets girlgirl is indifferent to boyboy and girl have a shared interest/mystery to solveboy decides to marry girlgirl is resistantboy and girl have lots of sex -LRB- pages and pages of sex -RRB- -LRB- i end up flipping ahead , its all the same really -RRB- boy and girl finally marry and live happily ever afterAnd so far it always seems that girl runs straight into boy somehow . that seems to be how they all meet .
 I 'd hoped this book would be the best one in the series . It was utterly boring , due to an unlikeable heroine . She was also too aggressive in bed for a virgin . She was much too proper and annoying . I wanted to like her , but I could n't love her . And the plot was just blah .
 This is the second Stephanie Laurens book I 've read and it will definitely be my last . I borrowed it because it reviewed so highly , but was disgusted at the end of 30 pages . Like several other reviewers I was incredulous that Devil was planning his marriage to a woman he had just met as his dying young cousin lay steps away . Predictable plot , uninteresting characters with stupid names , and many historical inaccuracies . It was a chore to finish .
 I like a well-written , clever romance , but this one is full of cliches , cardboard characters , and purple prose so silly I hated to be seen reading it . And the plot -- yikes ! How predictable and same-old can anyone get ? Having read Rogue 's Proposal , which I also found dreadful , I thought I 'd give this one a try , since it 's `` said '' to be the best of the bunch . Sorry , but it was essentially the same story with different names . Why this author has suddenly become so popular , I 'll never understand . Do yourself a favor , and miss this bandwagon .
 Clearly , the author does n't know how to write a mystery - or a romance novel for that matter ! It is obvious who the killer is ... almost from the first chapters . And , like others have already mentioned , Devil -LRB- our hero -RRB- does n't seem upset by his cousin 's murder . The corpse is still in the room , and he 's planning his wedding!Of course , the hero vows later to hunt down his cousin 's killer but in reality does n't do anything . He just stays home and sends other members of his family all around town to gather information . Honoria , at least , asks questions and tries to actually do something.I also did n't like that fact that the author often keeps us in the dark . I guess it is supposed to keep the suspense going -LRB- mind you , what suspense ? We already know who the killer is ! -RRB- For example , if Devil does n't want Honoria to know something , then we do n't know it either.We just do n't know what 's going on most of the time.As for the love story , it is honestly boring and the love scenes are way too long -LRB- so much that I skipped a few pages , it was THAT boring -RRB- . Devil is stubborn and does n't change a bit . He wants only two things
 Yes , like many people I have a compulsion
 WARNING ! This book suffers from being overly descriptive . This author apparantly just bought a new thesaurus and thought she should use every word in it . It is about a good a book as you would expect from an author who names her hero something so incredibly stupid as DEVIL .
 I do n't like this book at all . A pity as it is well-written , with vivid turn of phrases Miss Laurens obviously applied painstakingly and lovingly . I like honoria , she is strong , independent and intelligent . I just do n't like the hero Devil.Devil is the most stubborn donkey I have ever met ! He is infuriatingly mulish , not telling Honoria anything , making decisions for her , and making me exasperated in the process . I envision a lifetime of saucepan for them both - Honoria will need a lot of them to beat some sense into this dolt .
 I really do n't understand how so many gave this book high reviews . IT was absolutely awful . THe ending was completely predicatble and Honoria was so incredibly annoying you wanted to reach into the book and strangle her .
 I do n't understand how many people like this book ! I had read some terrible books before but at least I could finish them ! This one has no chemistry between the characters as a result I ca n't even read pass a few chapters . Every time I tried I either want o vomit or fall asleep.Don ' t buy it !!!!! Get another author like Lisa kleypas who is awesome !!!
 I bought this book because it was reviewed so highly by readers here as the best of Stephanie Laurens ' books . I had never read her and if this truly was the best she had to offer , I probably wo n't again.First of all , was I the only one who was turned off that Mr `` Devil '' Cynster was coldly plotting seduction and marriage to Miss Honoria over the still-warm murdered body of his young nephew , to whom he had apparently been close ? Where was the grief ? Where was the pain , the anxiety , the rage over the nephew 's untimely death ? Instead there he is sizing up his future bride and plotting her conquest . I 'm surprised he made it to the young boy 's funeral.Devil is perhaps the coldest and most selfish hero I have ever read . But even coldness and selfishness can be forgiven if he changes for the better by the end . However , Ms. Laurens seems to have left his behavior at that , as if there were nothing wrong with it , perhaps to suggest how strong and manly and sexy he is . Unfortunately , I thought it showed what a shallow , self-centered and unappealing man he was and frankly , I wanted Honoria to have nothing to do with him . So that ruined the point of the story for me by page 40 . Not to mention , what silly nicknames for the Bar Cynsters
 I started reading Devil 's Bride after reading and liking All About Love -LRB- *** -RRB- in the Cynster series , and reviews on Aamzon said that this one is the best one of the series . Calling this book a mild disappointment would be an understatement - neither of the romantic leads generate interest . The storyline is too implausible . The alpha-male Devil , a Duke nonetheless , meets the heroine Honoria for the first time and immediately decides she 's the wife for him ! And without asking her opinion in the matter ! I found him too controlling and unemotional , while Honoria was plain idiotic -LRB- she has the most silly reasons for investigating the murder -RRB- . And him calling her Honoria Prudence every single time and tossing her around like she was a bag of potatoes definitely got on my nerves . Also , maybe I 'm the only one , but the 5 page descriptions of a single kiss are extremely wearing to plod through . There 's the obligatory murder mystery thrown in , but halfway through the book I had a pretty good idea who the murderer was going to be . I guess this would be an ok read if you havnt read the series , but otherwise stay away !!
 I was looking for something new to read and a new author to get into . I ca n't help it ... I love romance novels -LRB- when they 're good -RRB- . I love Lisa Kleypas , Teresa Medeiros , Some Julia Quinn , Loretta Chase and authors with similar styles . I read a sample of this book online and thought `` ooooo here 's something I can get into ! '' The writing was good , I enjoyed the flow of it and the story seemed to be interesting ... murder mystery and what not . Then a few chapters in , the author would n't shut up . I know what you 're thinking `` would n't shut up ? Is n't the author supposed to prattle on ? '' Well , I like a developing story as much as the next person but oh my God this woman can go on and on and on about nothing . I wanted to like this book so much because I like how loving the Cynster family was and I thought it was cute since most regency romance families are jerks or dysfunctional . I decided to keep going . So the book is a little wordy ... big deal , I can get through it . Ha ! It only got worse . The book is 416 pages ... and it can stand to lose at least 100 if not more . I would be reading and the next thing I knew I was waking up !! I literally fell asleep at least three times if not more . I even dropped my poor kindle after dozing off . Why keep reading you ask ? I wanted them to find the killer ... even though it was obvious who it was . I kept thinking any minute now ... any minute . But it seriously took a few chapters for the hero to even tell the heroine who his damn heir was since it was n't his bastard brother . Geez , spit it out man!The love scenes were just outrageously long . I wanted to yell at the characters to `` get a room !! '' Not something you 're supposed to think when reading a romance novel . Sex is part of the deal usually . However , the love scenes were never ending and almost back to back at times . When I came across yet another love scene , I did the unthinkable when reading any book ... I skipped ahead to see how long it was . A girl 's got ta sleep after all ! After flipping six pages and seeing it was still going on I resisted the urge to cry softly , rocking back and forth while lying in the fetal position and pleading for the author to stop . I skipped the ten or so pages of that one love scene . * shudder * Still , I trudged on ... the book just kept getting slower and slower but every now and then there would be a scene or a moment that would make me want to keep reading because it was like finding a great sweater in a clearance rack full of junk . I had to see if there were any more.Finally I made it through the book , they find out who the bad guy is ... not that it was much of a secret ... and sorry for the spoiler but this is so ridiculous I have to share . The bad guy , cousin and heir to the hero , is shot in a hostage type scene after repeated attempts to kill the hero and the heroine for the title . Okay cool . Then , of course , you have a dead family member on your hands that you killed to save your wife . Bury him next to the brother he murdered for money ? Screw that ! Tell the authorities he 's a murderer , hope they believe you , and bring scandal and pain to his parents who do n't know and your whole family ? Of course not ! Burn a cottage on your property to the ground around his body and pretend you do n't know what happened ? Bingo ! I mean what else are you supposed to do with a dead body right ? Lol I have no issues with this ... it made sense to me . HOWEVER , when the heroine makes six grown ass men , who are trying to conceal a dead body that can ruin your husband and your family , STOP dismantling a cottage and its furniture because the games keeper who lives there , who she has NEVER met , MIGHT have a sentimental attachment to the furniture in the cottage and insists they not destroy it for kindling but remove it and have it stored for him ... I wondered why they did n't toss her in the fire too ! I mean if that was n't the most random and ridiculous thing to happen in the whole damn book I must have just slept through too much of it . At that point I just did n't care what happened anymore ... I was done . Just stupid .
 The first part of this book was a total disaster . Honoria was supposed to be determined , and confident , and independent . But despite this , she let the hero , who was an arrogant bully , lead her around . *** spoiler warning ! *** He kept telling her they are going to get married . She kept telling him no . But she let him get away with not just words , but actions as well - presenting her as his bride , installing her in his house , commanding her , kissing her whenever he felt like doing it ... And she did n't want any of this . Except for his kisses - because whenever he kissed her , she could n't think anymore . And even if they were in a middle of a fight , all he had to do was kiss her and she would forget everything . Come on ! I hate heroines who can be controlled by simple kisses , especially if the hero is as unlikable as this one!Then Honoria wakes up one morning and decides that her dreams of Africa were only a childish dreams , and that she is in love with Devil and that she will indeed marry him . Oh , what a surprise ! And I forgot to mention - everything she did up until this point she did ` regally ' . This adjective was used so many times that I was going mad !!!! She sat regally , she nodded regally , she walked regally , she stood regally , she lifted her chin regally ... Oh , come on !! Well , the middle part of the book was quite fine , and the time when Devil wanted to give her time to freely decide whether to marry him or not was actually quite funny . But unfortunately , this part did n't last . Soon , the adjective ` regally ' came along again , and there were a few so very long and so very boring love scenes that I almost fell asleep at the spot . I like love scenes , but I do n't want to read 10 pages about how he kissed her and another 10 about how he kissed her breasts and another 10 about how he undressed her and another 10 about how they finally made it ... So very boring!Then there was the ` mysterious ' killer , and the way they tried to discover him ... Boring . And the final confrontation ... And then they decided to simply burn their cousin at he spot . But they wanted to make it look like an accident , like the hut simply caught fire . Oh , but the furniture managed to escape in time , so it did n't burn . And no one came to see what was burning . Oh , and did I mention it that I hate it when the hero finds out the heroine is pregnant in a middle of a crowd ? It could be one of the sweetest moments of the book , but the opportunity was wasted . But that is all this book is - a wasted opportunity !
 I tried . Seriously and sincerely tried to like this book . I was excited to uncover a new-to-me romance series . I like spunky , non-traditional heroines . I like big , dark , surface-scary heroes . The back of this book sounded like it was tailor made -- just for me ! Alas , I struggled through all 388 pages looking , in vain , for a story . For a snippet that would make me smile or send my pulses pounding . To be fair , there were parts of chapters -- heck , toward the end there was a solid 30 pages or so -- that were riveting and fun and moved the story forward.But , ultimately , this one goes to the next Friends of the Library book sale and this author goes off my `` must have '' list .
 This series was recommended to me , so I decided to start with the first one . At least I think this is the first one in the series . Anyway , it was one that got very high reviews , so I thought it could n't be too bad . It was pretty boring . Stephanie Laurens seems to write well , yet her characters seem to hold themselves slightly apart from the reader - I just do n't seem to connect with them totally and therefore do n't feel strongly about them getting together or not . This has been a consistent problem with all the books that I have read by her , so I think I probably wo n't read any more of them . If you enjoyed this story , great . If you would like to read this story , great - I have a book to sell .
 The first 5 chapters were good , there is an exciting story and an attraction happening . Then it fizzles out . Disappointed . Put it down after they went to London .
 I 've an extensive career in horticulture . Do n't waste your money on this book . It is simple enough for a fourth grader to read butleaves many unanswered questions . Written poorly , by a man who does not write and does not understand the science of botanyand horticulture . After reading you will actually know less than when you began . Ending up in forums where each man has his own opinion and makes up his own facts . I bought this by mistake but read it anyway . Then I went back and boughtEd Rosenthal 's book . OMFG what a difference . Now that is a good book to have .
 Felt like most of the book did not have much useful information . Would not recommend spending the money on this book .
 The book is good to be used as a reference book but not a guide book on how to grow step by step ; is very vague in its explanations . The only props this book has is that it contains beautiful pictures and some tricks and tips but thats all , calling it a growers bible is very misleading !!!
 This is a book full of advertisements , disorganized information , and very little sciencea much better alternative is Ed Rosenthal 's Marijuana Grower 's Handbook
 There is a lot of information in this book , and it is certainly helpful , but it 's like reading a computer manual that is 5 years old . So much has changed in equipment and technique since 2006 , I would not waste my time.Good book maybe to buy used -LRB- at a garage sale for 50 cents -RRB- . I 'm sure it was helpful in 2006 , but any real experienced grower is already using methods or products that are not even mentioned in the book .
 I was torn between getting this book or the one by Ed Rosenthal , but after seeing all the great reviews , not just from amazon users , but from HIGHTIMES and 420 Magazine , I figured this book must be worth something . After reading it front to back , I can tell you this book is practically useless . First off , Jorge Cervantes is a terrible writer . I thought it may be due to the fact that the book has been reprinted like 20 times , but after reading some articles of his I realized it is simply his writing . His writing is choppy , inconsistent , and overall hard to follow , like a dyslexic 7th grader . There are very few facts in this book , nothing he says is backed up with science or research , simply his opinion . Rather than answering a beginners questions , this book leaves the beginner bewildered and with a hundred more questions . The book opens the door into several topics , but contains very little substance in it 's 400 pages . Also , almost all his information is geared towards a giant operation , using multiple high power lights and other expensive equipment . There is nothing in here for someone trying to start something in a 3x3 closet or a rebuilt dresser . I am confused as to why so few people seem aware of the inconsistencies of the book , and why so many praise it as the `` Grow Bible . '' Overall I do NOT recommend this book to anyone for any reason . Look into Ed Rosenthal , who is much more well informed , and far more capable of writing things in an easy to understand , grammatically correct manner . The only thing I liked about this book was the high quality photos of really nice looking flowers .
 When my A-Z Crossword Dictionary fell apart from overuse , I was anxious to try the NYTimes Dictionary . I wish I had ordered another copy of the A-Z instead . In the A-Z , I was able to find more answers , and the foreign word sections were much better than in the Times . Also , the Times Dictionary lists foreign countries in dark gray boxes which make the text very hard to read . Love the NY Times crosswords , but the Dictionary needs work !
 Disappointed . I am a devoted NYT Sunday puzzle doer . I have done about 4 weeks worth of puzzles since I aquired the book . Of the 50 or so words/terms/places , etc. . I have looked up , I found probably 5 . This is NOT the crossword puzzle dictionary I remember from years ago , which was tailored to actual multi-word clues , and did not just provide `` synonyms '' for single word entries .
 I found this book physically difficult to use . It was a chubby small paged paperback as opposed to earlier editions of the same whose pages were much larger , and the books easier to use . Also , it was not as topical as I had expected ... i.e. upgrades of state descriptions adding state mottos ... addition of Roman numerals ... addition of more common current slang ... etc. . I was NOT happy with my purchase . I feel the authors could have done a much better job .
 I am not as happy with this crossword dictionary as the one I already have that is falling apart . It does not have categories such as the greek gods , elements , animals , presidents ! , etc. . That part of the dictionary I already had was very helpful . I ca n't seem to find as many words in this one as the one I had . I thought it would be much better especially with it being from the New York Times . I have never complained about anything else I have ordered with you . I have been very happy with everything else purchased.Kathy
 I got 2 of these for my husband and son for their crossword madness ... and they both thought this was just ` cheating ' and refuse to use them ! Oh well !
 The book arrived promptly , packaged very well . Not in as good condition as I expected but my fault for ordering a used book .
 the book was very misleading.It was a way too small.Hated the size of it.I have a old one that is a lot bigger .
 I wish I had not purchased this dictionary . It is totally useless . Not very well organized or categorized . The A-Z Dictionary is much better .
 This book is difficult to use , and does not have enough entries . Is not useful for many crossword puzzles . Would not recommend for the average crossword puzzle .
 I bought this product to assist me with doing the NY Times crossword puzzles . The book is worthless . Not like using a dictionary AT ALL . It is so complicated to use that I no longer try to use it . Please do n't purchase on line ; If I had seen it in person , I would not have bought .
 That 's my fault . Should have looked more carefully at what was included . I prefer the Websters variety of crossword dictionary .
 Purchased this for my dad , but he is unable to use it . The print is way too small and it does n't contain half of the words that his previous dictionary did -LRB- he lost the original one -RRB- .
 This cookbook is a good sourse for standard recipes , such as fudge or datenut bread or meatloaf , stuff that you figure you should know how to make , but maybe you do n't . I would recommend it as a good basic cookbook , except that the workmanship of the book itself is stunningly inferior.I was given a copy when I got married . After very little use , the binding fell apart and all the pages fell out . I wrote the publisher in NY , but they never replied . So I threw out the book and bought a second copy . Unfortunately , it promptly disintegrated too . I still have the book -- as a collection of loose pages -LRB- not a single page remains in the binding -RRB- -- and refer to it when I need a recipe for a `` standard '' food.The low rating is not for the content -- which is good , but rather the poor workmanship and the lack of customer service . I expected more from Good Housekeeping .
 When I opened the book the spine split in half and the pages loosened and fell out . I have yet to find a way to return the book . No one has responded to me .
 This is for beginners only . Examples and explainations are very simplistic and do not provide the detail necessary for creating a real world messaging application . Much effort is expended providing information on using the Visual Basic IDE and on creating a UI . The code examples also demonstrate poor programming practices . I would not recommend this book to anyone . If you would like a good MSMQ reference buy Designing Applications with MSMQ by Alan Dickman . It is not perfect but is the most comprehensive text on MSMQ that I have read so far .
 This book is reasonably good for a complete novice but
 This `` author '' is a salesman selling junk pseudo-science to right wing reactionaries who ca n't think for themselves.The above review by the `` scientific '' director of The Heartland Institute is laughable . This `` institute '' has received funds from the petroleum industry and seems to provide a pseudo-scientific front.Buyer beware .
 This book offers no help at all in configuring the SD module.It basically just explains all the functionality that is available in the SD module , without explaining how you can configure SAP to use the functionality.If you are buying the book to see what SAP SD can do , fine . But if you want to configure the module , try another book ! I recommend the SD book by Glynn Williams from McGraw Hill.I have also read the MM and FI-CO books in the ASAP series , and they are the same ! - they cover the functionality and not the configuration.And even though these books cover the functionality , they do n't explain how to use it effectively , they just tell you what functionality is available.You may as well spend some time using the SAP online help.I suppose these books were great when SAP was new and not many people understood it , but now the market is more intelligent and aware of what SAP can do the market expects quality information on configuring the SAP system and using it to solve business situations .
 This book was a waste of time and money . This is the worst technical book I have ever read . The second bullet on the the cover states , `` Learn how to develop and intergrate the SD module with your existing SAP R/3 system . '' . This is very misleading as this book is nothing more than a high-level overview of SD and goes into no detail on `` how '' to develop anything . I also have the MM book by the same name and it also is worthless .
 I should have paid more attention to the title . It 's called `` Administering '' SAP R/3 and not `` Customising '' . It explains how to use the different SD functions not how to implement them . Unfortunately , it can not be recommended to users either because it is too technical and does not explain things in a comprehensive manner . There are some books that emphasise the business process and help you decide how to implement this in SAP . This is not one of them . This book is smack in the middle of a no-mans land . It 's no good for customising , no good for users and no good for planning business processes.I totally agree with some of the other reviewers . Your better off with the online documentation.Save your bucks . Do n't waste them on this book.Incidently , if your looking for a book on SD customising , I can recommend `` Implementing SAP Sales and Distribution ''
 Much of the content and context is in SAPs on-line help files . The title is quite misleading ... buyers beware!I looked at some of the other books in this series , as well , and had a similar reaction.The majority of people want configuration information , not a re-worded version of the help files . R/3 is about configuration , configuration and configuration !!
 The title on the front cover promises much , but the book fails to deliver . The book implies in the title by mentioning -LRB- `` administering '' -RRB- that areas of configuration will be covered . It is not , it is just an overview of functionality.Most of the content of this book is freely available in the SAP on-line help.If you have the on-line help then do n't bother buying the book.If you do n't have the on-line help , then this book provides a good overview , just do n't expect anything indepth.Authors / Publishers please note
 I 'm very dissapointed with this book . It does not deliver what it should . All are explained very briefly & i think R/3 help is way much helpful than this book .
 The book content of this book is composed of :1 . an enhanced reprint of the SAP online help2 . blunt advertisingImplementing SAP for large multinationals , I was looking for a book that provides a backup when configuring SD . It is definitely not an implementation reference for experienced SAP consultants , although the title partly suggests that.The internet part is o.k. and as reference for using SAP -LRB- excluding any IMG configuration -RRB- it may be useful.What really annoys me is the subtile advertising within the book . We all know that SAP currently is the best solution available , but we also know its weaknesses and there are quite a few of them . A bit more honesty would honor the audience .
 I am very dissapointed with this book , it did not deliver at all . In other words , the book is out dated . Actually , it should be written off market . Why ? One reason is that the book did not have any form of configuration screen at all . Basical , if you use this book there is no form of step-by-step guide to tell you if you right or wrong . Secondly , there has been so much upgrade done on the module which the book did not mention . Even though , I was looking for a cheap book at the time of purchase . Personally , I felt like this is one of those bad investments .
 I thought this book was very sad . I was looking forward to it immensely after reading the first . I was hoping that with a woman in control of a city things would be really interesting , but Tharna is a total disappointment .
 This book is a little better than the first one . Tarl Cabot had been sent home to Earth , and several years have passed while he has lived there.He again ends up in Gor , and finds out that many things have changed . The city where he used to live now no longer exists , which , politically makes him clanless , or an outlaw.Outlaws of course get involved in violence and adventure .
 Book 2 of the Gor series.Plot Kernel - At the end of Tarnsman of Gor , Tarl Cabot had fallen in love and married the High Caste woman Talena , daughter of Marlenus of Ar , and then , to his great sorrow , was returned to Earth by the mysterious and powerful Priest-Kings of Gor . Now , seven years later , Tarl is allowed to return to Gor . -LSB- Details of how these two manuscripts written by Cabot have come available for publication are accounted for in the beginning of this book . -RSB- But Gor has changed . In accordance with the incomprehensible will and power of the never seen Priest-Kings , who are said to dwell high in the Sardar Mountains , the City of Ko-ro-ba , Tarl 's city , has been utterly destroyed , and its people scattered . His father and his beloved Talena are gone -LSB- and do not appear in this novel except as brief memories -RSB- . Seeking an explanation for the destruction of Ko-ro-ba , and clothed and accoutered as an Outlaw of Gor , rather than bearing the insignia of a city , Tarl sets out for the Sardar Mountains , and spends the night in Tharna , the one city of Gor ruled by women . Falsely implicated in a plot to overtake Lara the Tatrix of Tharna , Tarl is thrown into slavery upon her command . He leads a revolt and is once again free . As he continues his travels to Sardar he encounters slavers and buys a girl , not yet branded , to free her . -LSB- Here , after Tarl 's slavery has shown us how male slaves are treated in Tharna , are two chapters , 200 pages into the novel , where the Gorean institution of female slavery is given some attention by the author . -RSB- Tarl 's purchase turns out to be Lara , who had been usurped as Tatrix of Tharna and turned over to slavers . Before continuing to Sardar , Tarl intends to return Lara to Tharna that she might once again rule as Tatrix , with her now admitted appreciation for male dominance .
 This is not a review of the Gor series . I read many of them when I was younger and was completely enchanted by them , they are a good read . The problem is , now that hard cover editions of the Gor series are being released we can not buy the series on Kindle in the United States . I recommend you go to your local half price book store and look for them . I was going to buy and reread all the books on Kindle but now I think I will be boycotting them completely . The publisher 's need to know we are the ones that make their living for them , and they need to have a little respect for the fans of the books they publish .
 Aside from poor writing -LRB- including some stilted humor -RRB- and apparently non-existent editing , this book suffers from some other flaws . Structurally , these include : - Incorrectly and confusingly illustrated figures-Broken link to the web site which supposedly contains errata and corrections , but does not apparently exist-Incorrect page numbers in the index.In addition , the book would have benefitted from a discussion of these items : - A discussion of the notion of `` publishing '' in the active directory-More information on the trade-offs between native and mixed mode-I would have appreciated references to the Microsoft documentation and white papers that he discusses , but does not include their titles or where to find them-There is no discussion of the hazards of multi-value updates and how to avoid them-No discussion of fault tolerance and backup-restore -- how do you restore an AD node , and how does this affect the other DC 's , as well as the GC ? Note in particular , if one of the operations masters goes down and ca n't come back up -- especially important for the RID master.-There should be a bigger discussion of migration , especially the different scenarios , such as in-place , parallel , hybrid , etc.In general , this book suffered from a serious lack of clarity that rendered simple concepts complicated and left complicated concepts completely opaque . In short , I 'd say this book does more harm than good .
 Everything said here about the editing , graphics and errors is true . It 's pretty bad . You should n't write a book on Active Directory if you ca n't even describe NT trusts accurately . The whole thing is incredibly erroneous.It takes real talent to write a book that will leave the reader wondering if he perhaps understands the topic better than the writer . My first book on the subject , and by the eighth or ninth chapter , I felt that I knew more about the subject than this books author . Very odd , considering I knew nothing about AD going into the book.I 'm amazed that I gleaned as much useful information from this book as I did , considering how bad it is . But , judging by the other reviews , it does n't surprise me to find out that there are still quite a few topics missing from this book !
 There is no excuse for charging money for a book without an editor . There 's no consistancy between the text and the diagrams.Additionally , the LDAP section assumes a great deal of background in X. 500 as the author spews forth his opinions .
 This book provided some information on configuring and implementing Active Directory but overall was pretty poorly written and seems to not have passed by an editors eyes at all . Many of included diagrams added nothing to the discussion - others were mislabelled or otherwise did n't match what the text was saying . So , to sum up , this appears to be a hastily published effort to get out before or when Win2k released . I 'm still looking for the right book - currently reading Windows 2000 Active Directory by Alistair Lowe-Norris
 This book is not worth getting even if it was given away . The way the author writes about active directory makes me wonder if he even has an MCSE . Poorly written book . Avoid this book .
 This book is intended for an administrator with modest experience who desires to implement Active Directory Services . It will serve this purpose , but it is poorly executed and filled with errors.I read this book and three others on Active Directory Services in order to plan the implementation of AD for my company . Of the four books , I liked best another by David Iseminger on the same subject . This book , by Schwartz , was by far the least useful of the four.The book is filled with mistakes including many editing oversights . For example , while discussing the differing requirement of intrasite replication versus intersite replication , the book repeatedly uses `` intra '' where `` inter '' should have been used.Diagrams that are necessary to illustrate the various architectures possible with Active Directory are poorly drawn and communicate poorly.The book does have a useful glossary and a CD with the complete text in PDF format , which would be handy if the book could in any way be considered an authoritative reference.Given the wide variety of books available , you do not have to put up with this one .
 This book is a complete waste of time . Minimal useful information . Do yourself a favor and get one of the many others on the shelves . The two 5 star reviews that it received make me wonder if those individuals even read the same book !
 I did n't get any value out of this book that I could n't find on the Internet . There was nothing new , in fact - some of it was written in a way to cauas misunderstandings about the true nature of it . There was nothing in the book that let you know HOW you could actually USE the Active Directory . What a waste of money !
 The actual text of this book is decent but constantly refers the reader to diagrams that actually confuse more than help . It 's a good start but not enough .
 I found that this book clearly lacks the essential information needed to manage Active Directory . Very difficult to read and worthless diagrams .
 A lot of readers , that is NT or Win2K administartors are desparately looking for solid information on the concepts , features and practical implementation of AD . This book capitalises on that market and , in its rush to hit the shelves early , has completely bypassed and useful insights on the subject . It is riddled with inaccuracies and meaningless diagrams . Overall the table of contents is not too bad and edition 2 may well be much better ; however I shall not be wasting any more money on it .
 This book was so disappointing ! It lacked applicability to using the Active Directory .
 I downloaded this without looking at the sample -LRB- well - it was 99c -RRB- but this is a poor transfer with a lot of formatting errors and before the end of the first chapter I had deleted it and downloaded the New York Times version which is much better ...
 The formatting of this document is UNREADABLE . A much better alternative is to simply download the pdf -LRB- freely available on the web -RRB- and transfer it to your Kindle . I do n't understand how they get away with charging for a free report anyway .
 September 11th was orchestrated by Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , etc with the help of the FBI , CIA , and NSA . It has been proven that nano-thermite was used to destroy WTC1 , 2 , and 7 . This was a false flag attack used to manipulate and scare the American people . It was used to push through the Patriot Act , which severely limited our 1st and 4th amendment rights . It was also used to orchestrate countless wars under the guise of `` protecting freedom '' . This `` report '' is complete whitewash propaganda garbage , and even those who wrote it did n't believe it.Read this instead : Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The Bean Trees is an incredibly dull book . It could not hold my interest for ten minutes . It is a plot-less book that follows the main character , Taylor , through post high school life . She leaves Kentucky for Arizona for a better life , but what it really did was make the book boring . The theme , or themes that I found , were family and political . The family has Taylor and Lou Anne trying to run a complete family , or household . It states that you don not have to be related to be family . The characters in this story were always changing . Taylor , who did not want a kid in the beginning , accepted one anyway . Lou Anne , another main character , her personality was constantly changing . Turtle , the kid , progressed in all aspects just by growing older . Barbara Kingsolver seems to want to exaggerate alot . Her characters seem close to real , but not quite . For example , when Taylor found Turtle in her car , anyone else would have attempted to give her back or away . Taylor just drove off with her . Unrealistic .
 SPOILER ALERT - Do n't read this review if you do n't want to read spoilers.This novel is santimonious , full of liberal cliches about the world -LRB- e.g. , all the illegal immigrants are nice , the old white women are racists , native Americans have some inherent wisdom that the rest of us lack , etc. -RRB- . I resent being `` preached '' to , and that 's what Kingsolver does in this novel , but she does it in a way that is not even entertaining or well-written . The author uses every opportunity to put cutsie rural sayings in the mouths of the characters . It 's overkill . The ad nauseum `` rural wisdom '' dispensed by the protagonist is annoying rather than endearing . Kingsolver has created characters and dialogue here that manifest what she THINKS is authentic and what people who have never lived in the south expect and believe is `` authentic '' but really is n't -LRB- btw , I grew up down south -RRB- . Beyond all that , the plot is ridiculous
 I 'm not sure what to say about this book , I THINK i liked it ... it 's about a woman who wants to start out somewhere new , and on the way she gets a daughter and meets people ... I wish turtle had said more ... Barbara seems to ramble on and on ... I 'm not even sure if i would recommend it ... I THINK i would ...
 I could hardly get through it . Though the story is ok , it takes too long to tell . The author also seems to have some sort of obsession with phallic structures . She uses them to describe things that should n't be described with them . Actually , the only reason I remember any of it is because of these stupid descriptions . Wow , I do n't think that this book is worth reading at all .
 I was forced to read this book for my English class and did n't have a problem with it when I started it . In the beginning of the first chapter she was in sixth grade and by the end she was alright all grown up , given a child , and had left home . The next sixteen chapters went by slow and boring . I had to force myself to keep reading this dull , poorly written book . I think that it could have been extremely more intresting and should not be given the credit that it has been given so far . I would strongly urge you to NOT read this book .
 This was a terrible book . It had a dull plot and and the charactors were flat . This is one book I would not recomend to anyone , not even an enemy .
 This book is twenty years old . This book is supposed to be good . Somehow it 's a bestseller ? This book is terrible ! It does not have good descriptions , it conveys things poorly and over all a quarter of the story is driving ! Do not read unless you like bad literature , enjoy . o_o
 We had to read this book in our Integrated Language Arts class here at the University of Mississippi . We are studying to be teachers and were told to look at this book through an educational viewpoint . Aside from the descriptive language used , this book had no redeeming qualities . The story was poorly written and strenuous to read . The characters were underdeveloped and were hard to follow due to frequent name changes . Ms. Kingsolver 's use of anecdotal notes were distracting and inappropriate for this particular story . The topics that were dealt with are inappropriate for school assigned reading . The sexual denotations would not be suitable for students to read . The end came full circle to the situations presented in the beginning . Taylor and Turtle became a real family and returned to Tuscon . The lesson of family was the only valuable moral lesson that could be taken from this book . In conclusion , we would not recommend using this book in your school systems due to inappropriate topics .
 This is a terrible book . I do not see how anyone could enjoy it .
 A sad tale of feminisim in which every man in a bad influence and every woman has something catastrophic occur in their lives . These woman are independent though , or at least they want to be . If your a woman who hates men , listens to Destiny 's Child , or has ever shouted the phrase `` GIRL POWER ! '' , you 'll love this book .
 For some reason we were made to read this book for english , and it is a horrible example of how books should be written.It was written with absolutly no climax , un needed characters , and parts that were incredible unrealistic , yet teachers think that it teaches us somthing . The only thing this book tries to teach us is that all males are bad , and that illegal immigrants should be aided in their quest to illegally stay in the country.One of the biggest characters lou ann gets 2 or 3 chapters about just her life , only to be hacked out of the story , never to be heard from again . There are several other characters that could have been ommited completely , and the basic , boring , plot wouldnt have changed at all.The `` challenges '' the characters faced in the book were all brought upon by themselves . At any time taylor could have refused to take care of turtle , or refused to help the illegal immigrants , or moved back to pittman county . Lou ann could have stopped associating with angel and she would have been a lot better off , but she doesnt , so i have no sympathy for her.FINAL WORD
 I really did n't enjoy this . I do n't know why either . Many of my friends have read it , and loved it ! I am not into these types of books though . I prefer crime and mystery novels .
 My son is a junior and he had to read this book in his English class . He hated it so much that he could not make himself open it . I could not find an audio cassette for him so I ended up reading it for him every night -LRB- so that he does not fail -RRB- . I have to tell you that I am a book lover . I can not fall asleep without a book in my hands . But I hate this book too ! First of all , the poor language . I do n't know what kind of English kids can learn reading it . It 's a language of poorly educated americans . The contents are not very exciting either . Bad choice !
 Bean Tress sucks . Turtles a dumb ass . She 's mentally retarted . Taylor should have given Turtle to Child Services . She also should have given the illegals up to INS . Terrible book . WASTE OF YOUR MONEY >
 this book was not bad . this book was not good . this book wasnt really anything except time consuming . i would not recommend this most people . a mediocre book by a mediocre author .
 I find this book to be appalling to the senses . It is one of my daughters assigned reading books for AP English and needless to say she will not be reading it . The storyline itself left a lot to be desired . The language is just completely appalling and the dirty thoughts these women have is disgusting . The ignorance of the people in the book is overwhelming . The immorality is senseless . If you are a Christian looking for a good read , this is n't it . I do n't understand the need for filthy language nor do I understand why teachers think our children need to read such filth . I am sure there are far worse books out there , but this one is bad enough . It gives girls a less than wholesome view of what these jaded women think of men and what men are like . Maybe the scum of the earth is like those men , but not good upstanding christian men.The only point that was remotely good about this book was the way it pointed out diversity and how people can be prejudicial because of social standing or race . If I could I would give this book 0 stars and not one .
 Living in Tucson and having migrated here from the Midwest at about the same age as the main character , and being from a blue-color background and having worked in the area the book talks about I think the author 's characters are from a fantasy world and represent the authors personal politics . I found the characters very boring and self-indulging . It is a good example of liturature that does n't present the opposing views of life that make reading meaningful to me.I almost made it half way before I said I do n't have to read anymore of this book and exchanged it at the library .
 I 'm being a little hard on Kingsolver with just two stars , but that 's partly because I have also read her amazing POISONWOOD BIBLE , a work of gratifying emotional and psychological complexity . BEAN TREES , by contrast , seems simplistic and shallow . For example , the characters in BEAN TREES divide up neatly into the not just good but positively heroic gals -LRB- Taylor , her employer , her neighbors , her roommate -RRB- and the bad guys -LRB- INS , various ex-husbands and boyfriends -RRB- . Notice that these categories also divide up neatly by gender . For whatever reason , Kingsolver does n't address the male point of view at all , except to use men as cardboard villains creating the problems that the women have to deal with . This may be a point of view worth addressing , but I 'm dismayed to find it the only point of view , period . -LRB- Estevan is a woman 's mind in a man 's character -RRB- . The result is that BEAN TREES reads more like a light fantasy than a challenging novel . In POISONWOOD BIBLE , Kingsolver dealt skillfully and realistically with the personal and political tragedies . But in BEAN TREES , all the loose ends are wrapped up neatly and unconvincingly in no time at all . The ending in particular seemed contrived to make things work out a particular way . As a reader , I grant the author complete suspension of my disbelief in establishing the premises of a novel , but then I expect the writer to follow the implications of those premises to their logical ends , for better or worse . POISONWOOD BIBLE satisfied me in this respect , but BEAN TREES did not . On the other hand , I greatly admired the characterization of the Taylor character , especially the little `` Kentucky-ism 's '' she threw into the dialogue . In this respect Kingsolver reminds me of Larry McMurtry , whose Texas characters ' colorful speech keep even his lesser productions highly entertaining . As long as Taylor and also Lou Ann were speaking out loud , I enjoyed the book a great deal . When the preaching about American policy toward illegal aliens kicked in , I skipped ahead to the next part which actually dealt with her characters . I think Kingsolver is really on to something with this sort of character , grounded in Appalachian Kentucky , and I 'd like to see the author explore her possibilities in novels more ambitious than this one .
 I read this book for a book club and I did n't think it was that great . First of all the beginning was kind of slow . It started to get interesting by the end of the book but it would n't be a book I would recommend . Maybe I need to read it again since a lot of the club members enjoyed this book . Anyways would n't read it again .
 Taylor Greer encounters many obstacles in her journey headed to nowhere . She leaves her hometown looking to start a new , when a lady puts a child in the front seat of her Volkswagen and walks off . Taylor has no choice , but to take care of the child at least for a little while . But Taylor ends up loving the child more and more each day . Along her journey she meets many interesting people ; Maggie - a woman that fixes cars for a living , Lou Ann - an overprotective mother and Mrs. Parsons - an old , blind woman that babysits small children . Taylor picks up a few jobs here and there , until she meets Lou Ann and moves in with her . Taylor 's mission in this book is to find the child 's relative 's , but she never does . That 's why I gave it two stars . I do n't really like how the book ends , because it leaves you wondering . This book is slow paced and easy to read , if your looking for something simple it 's nice .
 The only memory I have of reading this novel 20 years ago is chasing my roommate around the apartment reading aloud , while she covered her ears and screamed for me to stop . Yeah , the prose is that stilted , hackneyed , predictable , and plain old lazy.The characters are flat . The situation is reworked from hundreds of other novels . The ending is stupid in its warm fuzzy falseness . Ugh.I guess I took it all too seriously . I suppose if you 're looking for a light , breezy , mindless read , this would work ... but why ? You have so many better options out there .
 The Bean Trees by Barbara Kingsolver was a fair attempt at a political novel . The only reason I gave this novel one star is that zero stars was not an option . Despite the fact that the plot was interesting and the storyline controversial , I found this novel to be difficult to become involved in . Perhaps the reason is that I believe a novel with strong political viewpoints such as this should not be in school curriculums , or perhaps it just did not appeal to me . Kingsolver 's indirect statements about refugees and asylees and the American population 's viewpoints intrigued me , because she basically stated outright that North American people are completely oblivious of the rest of the world , which is an untrue extreme generalization . The plot also failed to excite me . In my eyes , what should have been the climax was merely a smaller part at the wrong place in the story . This was Turtle 's attempted kidnapping , an event that was over before it started . The official climax , if you would call it a climax , was what should have been the resolution . Another part of the story that bothered me was Angel 's constant presence . Angel never actually posed any real threat , for it was completely Lou Ann 's choice whether or not to go back to him , and she never did anyways , so Angel 's repeated returns were unnecessary . Also , Kingsolver 's portrayal of Virgie as being a stereotypical American was nonsensical , at best . She was a flaming racist and was not afraid to speak her mind to any immigrant that happened by . This is obviously not true , because only a small percent of us feel in such a way , let alone would have the audacity to be outward and open about those feelings . Kingsolver 's theme of family and immigration viewpoints is a weak one , and I found this story to be uninteresting . Overall , this novel was a politically biased attempt at imposing extreme viewpoints of feminism and liberalism upon its readers .
 Before I start I have to say I read this book for an English class , but regardlessly it is still terrible . There are so many incredible events in this book that it seems fake . The characters are uninteresting . The author depicts male horribly . In short , if you do n't have to read this book DO N'T .
 I was forced to read this boring book and i am trying to find advice on this book for a thesis centered essay due soon , i really hated this book and i fell asleep throughout most of the book b/c i thought it was very boring . thankfully my teacher who thought , `` it is a wonderful book '' but truthfully , it was a boring book . Please do yourself a favor and DO N'T READ THIS BOOK !
 That word sums up the entire book ... I had to read it for my English class , but regardless , it 's an awfully dull book . It 's feministic and there is no plot to speak of . The characters are fairly well developed , but apart from that , it 's just a waster of time .
 this book was boring , in the end Turtle dies and Taylor , broken hearted , commits suicide . but that was the only good part . i would NOT reccomend this to ANYONE . RIGHT ON STUBERT ! hewnawnnwnwaa
 The book was described as `` hardcover . '' Technically , it was . However , it was only a small paperback-sized book with a hard cover . And I hate the small paperback books , that is why I buy only hardcover books which are usually full-size . Disappointed .
 This book really did stink . A horrible waste of time and effort to read . When I first started reading the book , I was genuinely interested . The first chapter left me with a feeling of suspense . But after that , the book really goes downhill , starting at the point when Taylor acepts a baby from a total stranger . The characters were dull , and the book gave you no incentive to turn the next page . This book is only fit to be used for kindling on those long cold winter nights .
 This book is about nothing . There is no point , or whatever little there is of it is very well hidden in the nonsense . I bought it based on the good reviews on Amazon , thinking that 300 + reviews could not be wrong . Bad mistake.Waste of time and money .
 This book is truly awful . I can not evenly remotely imagine why anyone would want to read this book or why they would enjoy it . Overall the book communicates three main messages
 I loved the description of this book - it sounded like something I would enjoy . I was wrong . I read the reviews and most were glowing ... . but I was bored !!!! Did n't keep my attention ! NOT worth the money at all
 Not a bad read , but kind of pointless . Good characters , but it left me feeling like I wanted more of a story ...
 The Bean Trees by Barbara Kingsolver was unwillingly rammed down my throat to read by my english teacher . This book was awful . After reading it twice , once for plot , the second for inspection . I realized how ashamed Kingsolver should be for writing such an atrocity . There was absolutely no detail put into such fine details as how she escapes with this indian baby . At a glance , for uncaring readers this book may be alright . But if you can not stand the fine line between reality , and how fake the authors reality is . You honestly want to throw-up your lunch after reading this .
 I dont know who Barbara Kingsolver is directing this book to , but if it is teenagers then she 's got a lot of work to do . This book is boring enough to put somebody asleep , and it did me ! This book was not interesting in the slightest way ! The hardest thing that the main character had to do was go across a STATE border with illegal aleins that were dressed like Americans , and it was sooooooooooo easy . My review on this book is that it was n't worth my time , and the only good thing about it was that I caught up on my sleep !!!!!
 I was bothered by the fact that it was a-okay for Taylor to take this child , who presumably has relatives on the reservation besides her mother , away from her family . It was sort of patronizing , promoting a stereotype that Indians are alcoholics who do n't pay attention to their kids , and that those kids are better off with someone else . The device that Taylor 's grandfather was `` part Cherokee '' is , in my opinion , a convenient way to fend off this criticism .
 12 years ago as an 18 year old in High School , I remember being very angry at being forced to read this garbage . Now , at age 30 and with the benefit of hindsight , I 'm still very angry at having been forced to read this garbage.It 's funny that most in academia would turn their nose up at making , say , a Stephen King book required reading -LRB- just using an arbitrary/contemporary example -RRB- -- yet on his worst day , King could still write character with far more depth than any in this.I barely remember the plot , so at best you can say this book is forgettable , but I do recall every single page being painful to get through . Made `` A Separate Peace '' almost good by comparison .
 The whole theme of the novel is along the same lines as Steel Magnolias and Fried Green Tomatoes . If you despised them and considered them as big of a waste of paper as I do then just skip it .
 This book is the worst ever , next to `` Jimmy James
 I had to read this book for summer reading . It was a real drag . All the chapters are very long and boring . I would not recommend this book unless maybe your a bit older and understand the historical information that 's in this book .
 This book is one of the worst I ever read . Now , I ca n't say I have read a ton of books , but I have read enough to say that you 'd be better off not reading this one . That is , of course , unless you like being bored.One thing I did not like about the novel was it 's depiction of Tucson . The author makes it out to be a nice place , where I , a native Tucsonian , whould describe it as a barren wasteland . Even though the auther lives in Tucson also , I would still have to disagree with her perception.Also , I found the author 's fascination with a certain part of the male anatomy -LRB- I 'm not sure if it would be appropriate to name it -RRB- particularly insulting . Almost every other object in the book had to do with either that or sexual intercourse . She even compared a man 's amputated leg to that body part.Another one of the things I found boring about this novel was that there were too many insignificant characters and scenes . If I summarized the book into the important parts , about five characters -LRB- out of about 23 that I can remember -RRB- and one scene in Tucson , the main setting of the book , would show up . Besides , one of those characters only says names of vegetables . Even Lou Ann , one of the main characters , does not have much purpose in the novel as a whole.In my opinion , it was basicly a slugish book following the main character as she hopped over some minor hurdles in life . It has no entertainment value whatsoever , and you get nothing out of it . However , it was short and easy to read for class . Hence , the one star .
 I read every page of this boring book as it was on my high school daughter 's suggested summer reading list . On page 136 Taylor Greer makes one true understatement when she says , `` I know I 'm ignorant . '' This story is pathetic in that when she is given the Cherokee Indian child and takes her to a motel , she sees plainly that the child has been sexually abused , yet she does n't take the child to a doctor for several months . He then shows her x-rays where the child has had multiple fractures from abuse . The book has no wisdom , except for the proper English spoken by the Mayan teacher and what does Taylor do , but thinks she 's in love with him , when his wife is along with him . This was just sad . This Kentucky hillbilly character is sarcastic and rude , and too lazy to get a starter in her car , so she does n't have to push it . I have no intention of having my daughter read this book , as it does nothing to teach values .
 This book is horrible , when I read it I cried at the obserdity of it . It starts out with the main charactor driving in a car , she stops at a bus stop and suddenly recieves a small native american child for no reason . The child 's name is Turtle , she 's at least three but because of sexual abuse looks like an infant . Again ridiculous . Unfortunately this book does n't stop there , for about ten chapters she just complains and complains about how hard it is to find a man and raise a kid , tear . In the end the novel simplely implodes with no real conclusion . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The first book I read of Barbara Kingsolver 's was The Poisonwood Bible . It was so good that I decided to read more of her stuff . Unfortunately , it 's all down hill from there folks . Poisonwood is fabulous and I 've not found her other books to be any where near as good . In fact I read The Bean Trees a few months ago and I really ca n't remember much about it . Barbara Kingsolver is a talented writer , but this one just did n't hit the mark for me .
 This book belongs in the fireplace of Mr. Beaty . Though no flames come out , it 's the thought that matters . This book is horrid . It lacks literary value . Any hidden meanings must have been merely coincidental , considering the probable intellect of the author . It 's rather unfortunate that it somehow worked its way into the curriculum of some schools . It 's sad to think that impressionable students are forced into reading and assessing this book by people that probably thought it was wonderful . I highly anti-suggest this book .
 When I first began reading The Bean Trees , I could relate to the main character . She was several years younger than I , but basically matured during the same period of time . What really got to me was that I found it highly , if not extremely unlikely that a 22/23 year old in the late 70 's would even consider keeping a child that someone left in her car . If she even had considered giving the child to the proper authorities I might have found it somewhat believable . If this did appear in the book it was soo brief to have escaped my notice . This issue somehow permeated my thoughts while reading the book and for that reason I could n't involve myself to the greatest extent.Her writing style is interesting and poetic but give me a break . I still ca n't believe anyone , especially with her desire to start a new life , would have kept a child . Very unrealistic how the care of the child was underplayed .
 This book was not to interesting for me because of the plot.It started out interesting when they found Turtle but after that it got boring . Nothing else interesting happend .
 I like had to read this book for school and i really thought it waz boreing . Why on earth wood you name a child turtle when thta is a animals name . I thought that it had no plot excpet the part when the girl was there and she was soo mot talking because she was not her moms kid becuse she was an indian , i think cherokke . I would not recomdne this book for people who dont read a lot becuase they just wont get it . It was pretty good overall but -LRB- ... -RRB- i wwod not recomend for a guy because its about girls and kids and they always complan ... boreing
 I just reread this book on a return flight from Italy . I fell in love with the characters Taylor Greet -LRB- Greer -RRB- and Turtle many years ago . These are two characters I often think about when I see press reports about single parenthood . -LRB- Why ? -RRB- The book is just as fresh and real today as ever -LRB- Liar -RRB- . Thanks to the talent of a terrific writer this book should be considered as a classic , must-read for all young people -LRB- This woman is either drunk or not sober -RRB- .
 I thought that this book was not that good . I am the type of reader that is hard to keep interested -LRB- i get distracted and bored easily -RRB- , i found this book to be rather boring . It was a summer reading book for my school , along with 3 other books . I found that this one was the worst out of the 3 . I am sure that people who love to read , love this book ! However i didnt . I have nothing against the book but i just thought that it was rather boring and uninteresting !
 I had to read this book for high school and discovered that it was nightmarishly bad . I do not recommend it to anyone with a soul . The characters -- particularly the male ones -- are ridiculously stereotypical and unrealistic , while the writing style is pretentious and irritating . An excellent read for masochists .
 I read this for a book club . It did n't sound promising when it was first mentioned as a possible read but I did give it a try . I did n't really find the characters likable , therefore it was hard for me to really care about the outcome . Were Taylor and LouAnn supposed to be lesbians ? I guess that you could deduce that if you cared to . I did n't like this book and definitely do n't recommend it .
 All and all this was not a bad book . Well written , good character development , etc. . But it really did n't `` do `` anything for me . You 're not left thinking at the end and while reading it , I wans n't really intersted in what happened to Taylor or Turtle . If your reading for excitment , or a powerful message , foget this one .
 I have tried to read this book , and could not get past the 2nd chapter . I found this book very shallow and unreal . Being in a bookclub I was forced to read it , however I just started skimming through , and this was also a waste of time . I did not enjoy the book or like the characters . In today 's society , a free-spirited , independent person would not have just taken someone else 's child without a care in the world for herself or the child . Our club suggested reading the sequence , Pigs in Heaven , which by some great blessing was vetoed . I could not have even skimmed another book continuing with these people .
 I had to buy this book for class and I 'm glad it was so cheap because I would never choose this book to read for leisure . It 's a boring tale of one young woman 's jouney to leave her home state of Kentucky . Along the way to Arizona a random woman gives her an Indian baby and runs away . She takes a job in Tucson where she meets some illegal Mexicans and some other weird characters who become her family . She then travels to Oklahoma to see the Cherokee Nation regarding making the baby her legal daughter . Then she goes home to Tucson and I guess lives happily ever after . The writing is typical southern speak which I 'm not fond of .
 This was the suggested book for my local book club ... . When our moderator asked our opinion of the book , there was silence!If I had known what a boring book this was going to be , I would have read the first , middle and end of the book and left it at that . Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .
 Unfortunately this book is being promoted by high school teachers as part of their English curriculum . The language used in this book should have no part in a study of English literature . In most high schools the language used in this book would result in reprimands or even expulsion if used by the students . Parents , inform yourselves before condoning the sudy of vulgarity in your high school by allowing this book to be studied in the high school classroom . It 's inappropriate .
 Dear Friends , I have read this book , and other reviews , and I have made a conclusion for myself . This book is a visionary , it leaves you open mouthed and sleeping -LRB- drooling too . -RRB- ... although it seems to contain good topics such as friendship and love in the book , it is SO scrambled that the book turns into a jumbling piece of literature . The book contains random events that have nothing to do with each other , yet somehow Barbara Kingsolver uses extremely bad writing and a strong Tucson accent to tie all the events together . All in all , I , Jason Xu , appreciates the hard effort that Kingsolver put into this `` interestingly unique '' book , but next time she wants to write another book alike this one , we shall say , `` Thanks , but no thanks . Think of the future generations . `` P.S. I 'm unable to finish the book due to the book 's lack of quality .
 It has been 3 long years since I read Barbara Kingsolver 's `` The Bean Trees '' , and to this very day , I still feel completely violated in the worst possible way . This book was an utter nightmare , and I 'm pretty sure Kingsolver is an avatar of the Dark Lord we call Satan . Seriously , this book made me wish I had never been born , and only by jabbing my eyes out with a moldy chopstick did I keep myself from drifting off into a coma . Sometimes , I 'd be in my bed , trying to go to sleep ... and that 's when I feel the dark shadowy presence of Turtle , just watching me , breathing heavily . The ramifications of Kingsolver and her atrocity in my life are indescribable . STAY AT LEAST 30 FEET AWAY FROM THIS BOOK AT ALL TIMES ! Run for the hills ! RUN !!!!!!!!
 This Book I dont even know where to start ! This book is evil , like the game board in jumanji.It has no climax , some the characters have no point to exist in the story . Lou is talked about for numerous chapters and then never again mentioned.The big word to this book is random , the symbolism of the bird , the Disneyworld metaphors , the fact that the man who interviews lou ann stares at her chest . I just do n't understand this book !!!!!!!!
 I 'd like to say that I thought this book was horrible . The story has no plot to it and is purely descriptive . Definately a slow read that will put you to sleep and the story is very frustrating . The girl leaves KY so she does n't end up like the other hick girls but still gets an unexpected baby and works at a mechanic store -LRB- that has a religious name - religion being another characteristic of hick towns -RRB- Extremely boring - read something else unless you want to experience what hell is like .
 and I could take 5 books , 5 albums , and 5 movies , I 'd probably die of exposure . If I took the bean trees , however , at least i 'd have something to start fire with . This could possibly be the worst book ever written . It is easy to read , because the author does n't try to hard to challenge the readers mind . It is a boring , unrealistic book about a girl 's journey across the country . The fact that i 'm of the male persuasion may taint my view of the book , but I 'm allowed to have an opinion , and also maintain the right to spread it everywhere I go .
 Dear Friends , WE have read this book , and other reviews , and WE have made a conclusion for myself . This book is a visionary , it leaves you open mouthed and sleeping -LRB- drooling too . -RRB- ... although it seems to contain good topics such as friendship and love in the book , it is SO scrambled that the book turns into a jumbling piece of literature . The book contains random events that have nothing to do with each other , yet somehow Barbara Kingsolver uses extremely bad writing and a strong Tucson accent to tie all the events together . All in all , WE , Roger Ling , RAymond Gao , and Jonathan Bau appreciate the hard effort that Kingsolver put into this `` interestingly unique '' book , but next time she wants to write another book alike this one , we shall say , `` Thanks , but no thanks . Think of the future generations . '' P.S. . WE were unable to finish the book due to the book 's lack of quality .
 I thought that it was really boring , and the struggles that a lot of the characters overcame were n't really that intersesting . I thought that Taylor did n't bother to look at the world from any point of view but her own and was obnoxious . I also hated her friend and I pretty much thought that the only reason that the people 's lives were as bad as they were is because they did n't try to improve it with everything they had . They were too clingy . And the entire Talor kissing the married guy really stupid and unsensitive on her part .
 Have you ironicaly ever been handed something that you were trying to avoid ? In this book , The Bean Trees by Barbara Kingsolver , `` Taylor Greer '' or Missie runs or drives from her towns frequent young pregnancy histroy . On her journey to become something better than everybody back home , her fate brings her a child . We experience , as readers , the tradegy going through Taylor 's mind as she deals with this new life put before her . Taylors from the small town and now living in Arizona she is eye opened with the racist acts more common in that part of the country . Taylor and the child , Turtle , meet many people who change their life and take small things that seem worthless and turn them into something beautiful . I would deffinately reccomend this book to every young teenage girl or mother . It givs great advice how to deal with different obstacles and many new realizations of our world that are put before the reader . Looking for a book that makes you appreciate yourself and others more ? Pick up The Bean Trees and get yourself thrown into the fast moving life of Taylor Greer .
 I wish I could have enjoyed this book but the tapes did n't work , I wo n't be buying used books on tape anymore .
 The Bean Trees attempts to address so many vital issues
 I finished this book because I am persistent . The writing seems to be episodic . The author thinks of the most unlikely thing to have happen and then makes it happen . Although I know this is fiction , I always expect a certain amount of credibility , so why does a young woman who has been employed for several years and who is supposed to be quite intelligent have only enough money saved to buy a car that wo n't start and leave town for destinations unknown ? And how can she arrange an adoption in one afternoon with a sleazy lawyer ? I know that this is meant to include single mothers , independent women , helping the great unwashed , the plight of refugees , Native Americans , abandoned children , and domestic abuse , but it seems pasted together and the characters fail to make me care about them .
 I had been forced to read this book . . and analyse it with great detail and this may add to why I think this book is n't a `` 10 '' . My English class had to read this book and participate in seminars to find out what the beans represent and themes . . Oh god ! I feel it did n't give me hope or anything rather depressing because the issues of poverty , abuse and immigration only give the sense of hopelessness to the reader . Oh and the story was boring and really long .
 The Bean Trees
 Do not waste money on this book , the author does not seem to have any hands on experience on network administration .
 `` it 's a work or art '' , yes , it is a work of art , the art of how to write a 1000 pages of nonsenses . Trust me , the author knows very little about network administration.I would give it 0 start if it is an option .
 I made the mistake of buying this book . It is outdated -LRB- telegrams -RRB- and the examples or actual buying and selling do not and can not match today 's market requirements . The writing is awful and the ideas presented are unrealistic . A book from 1952 can not be used as a guide for making money in today 's market . There are some classic books -LRB- Graham -RRB- that will remain fundamental , but this one is not such a book . Save your money and this book goes in the trash .
 Absolute jibberish ... . What a waste ... . The author tells me how he he made the money , but never goes into detail about how the process works ... . This book was on the Amazon.com hot list , So I bought it . . It is a `` Wall Street Classic '' that consists of a tried and true method of boxing stocks while relying on stop/loss to minimize losses . . The book was written in 1959 or something and $ 2 million was a lot of cheese back then ... I feel like I am no better off after reading this book ... . Besides , to follow the plan one must rely on margin calls with no diversity of investments ... . Basically this guy -LRB- A dancer by trade -RRB- borrows money on margin and puts his eggs in one basket . . His only safety net is the stop/loss ...
 I am somewhat puzzled about how THIS book became a `` classic '' . Mr. Darvas , `` world famous dancer '' with no training in stock trading starts out with a $ 3,000 investment in 1952 that would turn into a $ 2,250,000 fortune by July of 1959 . All this was done via telegraphs from Saigon through Paris to New York to wherever else he was invited to perform . This process included some weird technicality called `` stock-right bonus purchase option '' ; a desperate over-the-counter buying frenzy of a trade-suspended stock when short sellers made a bad call and some other exotic stories . Also , it should be noted that the author traded using various margins that significantly increased his leverage . -LRB- By the end he had more than $ 500k working capital along with a $ 3,500 / week `` regular '' income . -RRB- It is a hilarious , amusing story and you enjoy reading it till the very end , when you suddenly come to realize you must have had missed something . This book gives you very little factual knowledge about the Darvas system . In fact , the author had to attach an explanatory appendix to the end of the book , trying to clarify some quite fuzzy concepts -LRB- AND referring to his second book ! -RRB- . Reading the rest of the reviews here reveals that many reviewers read this second book from the author that attempted to further clarify the method.But what is the method ? Volume action ? Price action ? It is a `` techno-fundamentalist approach '' , without any further explanation of what fundamentals are actually considered . -LRB- He refers a lot to reading this and that in Barron 's ... but what ? -RRB- What is an `` Expensive-but-cheap , high velocity stock '' ? And what is really `` techno '' about it ? His `` boxes '' ? You never figure out how he picked the successful stocks to begin with -LRB- `` It began to emerge from the swamp of sinking stocks like a beacon ... I was watching another stock whose action was fascinating to me ... '' -RRB- Then , let 's not forget that the author never fully explained his so called `` feel '' for some stocks and his `` mental charting '' technic . Well , try to emulate that one ! A little additional clarification of this instead of the 10 pages of -LRB- worthless -RRB- telegraph copies and those 7 extra , empty pages could have gone a long way.Overall , this book is an entertaining read . And yes , the author was a real person , 39 years old at the time of his interview in the May 25 , 1959 issue of Time Magazine . As far as classic , that title I would reserve for a book like `` Winning on Wall Street '' from Martin Zweig .
 I found myself rereading several times to try to understand how his `` box theory '' works . The author does an extremely poor job of explaining the most important part of the book as is evident by the questions posed by other readers in the Appendix . He focuses too much on the story and not enough on the technique .
 I purchased this book due of all the great reviews listed on this site . This book is absolutely useless and does not teach , provide or give the reader any insights into trading stocks . This book is a waste of time and a waste of money .
 People tend to forget that such books as this -LRB- O Neil etc -RRB- were written in a bull market . This approach is utterly pointless now.Just look at a graph of the dow and realise this book is a waste of your money .
 I am extremely disappointed with Nicolas Darvas ' `` How I Made $ 2000,000 in the Stock Market ? '' . When I first learned about the title it suggests that I will learn about the tactics and strategies of how to win $ 2000,000 in the stock market . It turns out that the title is false and misleading . All Mr Darvas did is to describe `` what '' he did to earn $ 2000,000 . At no time did he mention the `` how '' to make $ 2000,000 in the stock market . Furthermore , the timeline was not appropriate . All the shares were bought in the 50 's and now we are in 2009 . Is Mr Darvas still alive ? I feel I have been cheated by this book and lost a small fortune . Dr Jusuf Hariman .
 This book is a fairy tale that does not teach you anything about how the current financial markets operate and how to trade and invest money . Try Toby Crabel 's book or articles which are hard to find , but presents the best approach to trading the current markets . He is a professional money manager and trader , while the author of this book is a jazz dancer.Why not give your money to an actor from Hollywood for that matter ?
 It 's a bit hard to do this as it has not arrived as yet .
 Pictures are not clear when trying to zoom in , Bought hard copy book too . Illustrations are okay , nothing to do with market
 This book is boring - repeating the same experiences that did n't work with all the details on every one . What 's good about it -LRB- there is some -RRB- is of limited value in today 's marketplace , and you have to sort it out of all the filler . Overall , if you are trying to learn how to invest wisely - it provides more confusion that it clears up , and thus is a waste of time.I 've been managing my own investments for 7 years , and typically make about 20 % annual . Neither novice nor expert , I read to learn more . . but like stocks - some books sound a lot better than they are . I ca n't see this book as being of much value at any experience level .
 The only useful technique of his that can be used in today 's market is his box technique ; A.K.A support and resistance lines . If you know about them -LRB- and quite frankly what new trader does n't -RRB- then this book is a waste of time unless you want to read something that is n't going to tax your brain.The reason I gave it two stars is this book turned out to be a break for me from reading a lot of rather intensely technical books , and I was able to tackle the next book on my list feeling a bit refreshed without having lost my rhythm for reading stock trading books.Things have changed since the 1950 's . There is so much irrelevance in this book for today 's market , and that which is relevant is available to learn in almost any other book written this century.If you spot this at a garage sale then spend the 10 cents to satisfy your curiosity , otherwise do n't waste your time if you are more interested in learning something useful from a book .
 In 1957 to 1958 , the Dow Jones Industrial went up 60 % . Darvas stocks went up 400 % . If you have the knack to pick up those stocks in a bull market , good for you , otherwise really be CAUTIOUS when trying out this system.Simple system :1 . Buy on breakout2 . Stops placed are subjective -LRB- based on how he felt the strength of the market is -RRB- 3 . Use Trailing stop-losses4 . Stocks selected should be in a ` future ' industry eg GM , Chrysler during that time as opposed to railway stocks -LRB- though I do n't believe this is strictly adhered to in his stock picks -RRB- Also , the stocks you pick must not have a tendency to retrace when they are moving up , otherwise I 'm pretty positive your trailing stop-losses will be hit 90 % of the time and wo n't let your profits run as much.I 'm highly skeptical and I 've been in the market for 15 years
 The book was written decades ago for a mass audience that was curious , but largely uninformed , about the stock market . They wanted an easy way to profit from the market of the post-war era without suffering the losses tat the previous generation did in the 1930 's . Its secret for success -LRB- as a book -RRB- was to tell an empathetic story that novice/failed traders could relate to and promise them a simple solution . Top the story off with a $ 2,000,000 happy ending , and you 've got the makings for a bestseller.It 's a formula that still works . This book seems rather popular with most of its reviewers.Darvas 's autobiographical book , unfortunately , has a large element of fiction . It is a not-too-well kept secret that he greatly exaggerated the degree of his success as an investor -- which diminishes his credibility . It is not that the ideas of buying stocks that are moving up or cutting your losses quickly are bad ideas , it is that such ideas should not be confused with having any understanding about the market . If stock prices were random
 Please spare me the financial egocentrism . The book is a joke , just another book about voodoo investing . First , during the 1950s , when author made his 2,000,000 , stocks in general went up . Before that , when author lost his money , stocks were very volatile . Any coincidence ? Would he have been better off simply buying and holding which includes collecting dividends ? The author uses a simple technical analysis system which is guaranteed to fail today because stops are regularly taken out before a stock advances . Instead of reading this anecdotal kludge of simple rules , I recommend that the beginner investor download and read Seth Klarman 's `` Margin of Safety '' , a freely available PDF on the internet . Read Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway letters . Learn to read financial reports and analyze them with spreadsheet software . Learn basic cyclical economic analysis . Learn to read corporate cues , such as stock repurchases , insider purchases/sales . Listen to conference calls , esp . Q&A . Become familiar with the industry in which you plan to invest . Know the company 's products and competitors . Diversify into 10-20 stocks . Familiarize yourself with about 300 stocks , so that when opportunity knocks , you are able to quickly take advantage of it . I highly do not recommend this book because it provides NO USEFUL INFORMATION .
 This book is an autobiography of Nicolas Darvas ' life . There is nothing describing in clear detail the system he used and how he used it . Nicholas gained most of his money when he bought a cheap stock on a wim for maybe 5 or 10 dollars and it magically shot up in price overnight and was restricted from anymore trading . He sold one stock that magically shot up for 171 dollars a share , profit 250,000 . I do n't even think the results he posted were real . The most information you gain from this book is to buy stocks in a strong uptrend and that info is nothing new .
 Unfortunately , the title of this book never happened . At least that was the conclusion of the New York State Attorney General , Louis Lefkowitz . A write-up of the allegations against Darvas can be found at -LSB- ... -RSB- Aside from outright misrepresentation of gains actually made , Darvas excluded his trades that resulted in losses and omitted the fact that much of his investments were made with the proceeds of margin loans.While it is clear that Darvas did not make $ 2 million in the stock market , it is entirely possible that he made a comparable sum selling books to benighted people who actually believed that some benevolent individual who discovered the secret to attaining fantastic wealth in the stock market would be happy to share it with the whole world .
 I 've read the book and it 's difficult for me to judge whether it was a true story . I myself have followed a similar system , which involves two things 1 -RRB- identifying `` hot '' sectors -LRB- the fundamental aspect -RRB- and 2 -RRB- identifying break-out stocks -LRB- the technical aspect -RRB- . William O'Neill 's `` cup-and-handle '' pattern is also similar technically . Anyway , I have lost money rather than made money despite the many hours poured into following `` my '' system since 2000 when the bubble burst and I lost what small fortune I had built up . What bothers me about teh book , in addition to all the fishiness about a dancer-turned-stock-guru , are
 Darvas never did actually make 2,000,000 trading , was sued and barred from trading . The ideas seem solid but if you look up the actual records it was about 200,000 USD . Just to keep in mind there is no better trader than one who thinks for themselves . Study the market , learn the market , hunt it , stalk it , take home your game . Now who wants to know the truth about Gann ?
 For some reason , Amazon keeps deleting my review but here it goes again.I personally found the book interesting when I first read it -LRB- particularly the box theory on triggering stock purchases and sales -RRB- . However , when I bought a later copy I found a newspaper clipping from December 1964 which stated that the New York Attorney General had sought and received an injunction against Mr. Darvas from promoting his book because the results he cited were not real.I do n't know how the case ended up because there was only the one clipping , but buyers should be forewarned before buying this book .
 I got this book based on so many 5-star reviews posted here . This book is indeed entertaining for leisure reading . However , it lacks the much more practical details in explaning what the techo-fundamental method he used is all about . The book did provide some basic advice on implementing stop-loss , limit buy , etc , to limit the risk . However , these are all very basic elements of trading that all the traders should learn in the first chapter of trading . In other words , the book only covered the story -LRB- and some stock trading 101 -RRB- which do not teach readers -LRB- especially the very beginners -RRB- what practical set-ups or methods are used to be profitable in trading stocks . This book is good if you are looking for a non-textbook leisure reading . If you are looking for trading methods -LRB- either technical or fundamental -RRB- that can help you to be better in trading , I think the `` Mastering the Trade '' by John Carter is by far the most practical book that I found in the market .
 ... the guy tells the story of how he made lots of money in the markets . No specifics and the methods he outlines are kind of loony . Interesting to read if you have some time to waste or like these kinds of `` I made millions ! Millions I tell you ! '' stories . Do n't expect to read this and then go out and make your 2 million .
 The previous reviewers of this book must have been on drugs when they wrote them . All this book talks about is the mistakes he made which lost him money . He does n't demonstrate any clear methodology as to how to invest and make money like the title suggests . This book is a TOTAL waste of money and time . You will be better served by going to a local book store and selecting a book yourself .
 This book illustrates that if someone as stupid as Nicholas Darvas can make money in the stock market so can you.After all , it took this guy several years after he began trading to figure out what the Dow Jones Industrial Average was.Essentially , Darvas used fundamental analysis in conjunction with `` stocks that were moving '' and placed trailing stops behind them . Darvas never shorts a stock . The concept would probably be too taxing for his brain.Not a bad system . It supposedly worked for him.In my opinion , their are a few , and only a few , good ideas which can be gleaned from this essentially worthless book .
 This is the worst book I have ever read . One simplistic concept has been massaged and squeezed until a `` book '' came out.Keep reading because you will probably never find anything this bad , except maybe something by Wade Cook .
 This is one of the worst books I have ever read . The actual investing technique the author used is explained in less than half a page at the end of the book . The rest of the book is just piles of completely useless and irrelevant stories about the authors travel and adventures that have absolutely nothing to do with his technique or investing.The technique explained at the end of the book is one of the most basic techniques in Technical Analysis -LRB- TA -RRB- . In the TA terminology , it is called support and resistance levels . If you are interested in this technique , use one of the books on TA . Those books cover it in much more rigor than Darvas ' book and they cover a lot more TA techniques that are much more powerful . My favorite book on TA is `` How Technical Analysis Works '' by Bruce Kamich .
 As a freshman taking 10th grade biology i do not like this book at all . It trys to cram way to much imformation into way too small a space , and the way it covers the topics is very hard to understand . It uses way to many words i do n't understand and does not put them in the glossary . I have to use a dictionary to even understand the glossary . For example - `` Mutation - A change in the nucleotide sequence of DNA ; the ultimate source of genetic diversity . `` I get , `` a change in ... '' and then it loses me . I do not just hate science , or reading . Our school has a different book for class work and i understand that book perfectly . I like science and have enjoyed other books in the past , but this book is just plain dull and confusing . I would not recommend this book to people at my age .
 I used this for high school freshman introductory biology , and boy ! The writing is dense and excessively formal , and some concepts were n't explained very well . It 's a gorgeous book , though , with beautiful color photos and computer diagrams , and it 's chock-full of bios and anecdotes . Buy it was a coffee-table book , not as a simple biology text for regular high school kids . -LRB- The test questions , which my teacher used from the cd test bank , were devastating . You would n't believe the nitpicky details they asked you -RRB-
 I Did n`t like it because it makes me feel bad when I read about responsibility . It is also about family value and I like that . So , I give this book three stars .
 Justin is a whiny , lazy , sexist kid who is miraculously transformed by a trip to his grandpa 's . There were some interesting references in this book , but it just was n't believable . The title was boring and so was the plot . It did make me curious about Black cowboys , but that was n't enough to keep my attention .
 Forget this book if you want good working examples . In nearly every chapter the author displays MFC class code but no examples for use of the technologies he is talking about . Also , if you are trying to learn how to write a multi-threaded TCP based server , you can foreget this book . Like others have stated , this book is old . Published in 1996 it refers Windows 95 and NT 4.0 as new technologies .
 As a graduate student I have taught newcomers to philosophy and I would not recommend this book to them . I agree with the other reviewers that the scope of the book is impressive . But the writing is unnecessarily complicated . Scott Sturgeon 's attempt to explain issues in epistemology by use of the biconditional left me dumbfounded . It makes what can be quite a fun topic a dreadful chore and far more difficult to get one 's head around than it need be . I found this to be a general flaw with the book . It may be that some people will enjoy the writing in this book but I doubt it . I fear that most people who turn to this book for an introduction to philosophy will be turned off the subject.I should say that there are exceptions to what I have written above . The most notable one being Tim Crane who always puts a priority on clarity of exposition . But in general the ideas are more obscurely presented than is necessary . For those who are coming to philosophy for the first time I would recommend any of the following : John Hospers , An Introduction to Philosophical Analysis.Nigel Warburton , Philosophy
 So I bought Gotham Central Vol .4 from Amazon hardcover and vol .5 paperback at the same time . I read vol .4 over the course of a month or so and got to vol .5 only to realize that it was the exact same book ! DO NOT BUY vol .5 if you have vol .4 ! Vol .5 is the dead robin story which is in vol .4 and also includes the corrigan story as well . PEACE
 Take any cop show and try and find an episode that was to bland to be aired on TV so they put it in as an extra in a box set and labeled it `` never before seen episode '' and you have Gotham Central . I 've been reading graphic novels for 30 years and I received this book as a gift . I thought the concept was a great idea and I could n't wait to open it up . I was incredibly disappointed . I kept reading , hoping the stories would produce some meat , anything at all ! But it was second rate cop show bland . All they had to do was take one of the many great Batman stories and write about it from the police departments point of view . I ca n't imagine the people that wrote positive reviews actually read it .
 This book does not live up to the reviews others are giving it . Of course anything tied to Gotham City will feature Batman , but , in this case , only in cameo shots -LRB- perhaps the writers were too embarassed to feature him more -RRB- . This is supposed to be a `` behind the scenes '' kind of effort wherein the `` real '' heroes of Gotham City are its dedicated police officers . I can not honestly see any point in serving up these stories . They are really very poorly written for coming from Ed Brubaker and Greg Rucka ; actually pretty hackneyed which would give credence to one reviewer 's saying it recalled the good old days - the language seems right out of an incredibly bad Mickey Spillane pulp novel . The whole Mr. Freeze arc starts off good , but fizzles out very badly . Maybe this was better at some point as the editing seems very choppy . The art was good , but the story should be the driving force and it lacks any real suspense or drama . Look elsewhere for better -LRB- way better -RRB- stories by these writers .
 As a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer I ca n't say I liked this book at all . Not because it was too basic or anything like that , but because the style of writing was extremely difficult to follow . Almost every page I read had major grammatical mistakes that made following what the author said to be very difficult . I get the impression that this book was rushed into print without proper proof-reading and without a knowledgeable person reviewing the contents to make sure a person unfamiliar with the subject could understand it .
 I was presented this book and told ` learn how to set up sql server ' . Not from this . Aside from grammatical problems that make it hard to read , it presumes you know all the ms-isms , the microsoft way of naming or doing things -LRB- my 15 + years experience is on other systems -RRB- . Of several dozen attempts to locate a term or item in the index , none were successful . Best guess ; if you know an older sql server , or are well immersed in ms and its methodologies , this book might be useful to learn V7 . If not , look elsewhere .
 I read this book to suppliment a biographical sketch I was doing on DuBois . This was although one of the most helpful , one of the dryest and most boring books I 've ever read . If your going to read this , make sure it 's totally of your own free will .
 The book , while quite readable , has two central problems -- a boring main romance and too many characters .1 . The main romance starts well . The two main characters , Lillian and Tony , seem to have a connection in the beginning . When they are forced into marriage -LRB- the how is covered in other reviews -RRB- , we 're supposed to believe that he is utterly convinced she is nothing but a featherhead . Lillian becomes guilt-ridden and withdrawn , Tony becomes resentful , and they spend the rest of the book being uneasy around each other and complimenting each other on how nice and caring the other is . -LRB- Given the premise , there is understandably no steamy sex scenes or necking . -RRB- 2 . This book is # 4 in a series of 6 . This setup works terribly . There are much too many characters to keep track of in a 200-page novel . 6 guy friends , 4 wives , a tiger , 10 noble friends and family , plus noble extras and a couple of servants . And the extra characters are n't making cameos . We 're supposed to care about over 15 of them , plus the overarching plotlines . Doing a series of 6 is a great marketing ploy , but it would have served the stories better to have structured them as an epic or a series of 3 larger novels . The large cast of characters is a more realistic reflection of our own lives , but when we 're peeking into someone else 's for a couple of hours , we simply can not care for that many people so soon.If you 're reading the series and already know the characters , you will find the book reasonably enjoyable . There 's no reason to read this book as a standalone though .
 Vane Cynster , Devil 's cousin and closest friend , has his turn at meeting his match in this book . An enforced stay at his godmother 's house brings him into contact with her niece , Patience Debbington , and a mystery
 Okay , for those of you who are Bar Cynster fans , here me out , not that I need to defend my opinion in anyway.I believe Stephanie Laurens has exceptional writing skills , especially when it comes to her love scenes . I really believe that in that particular case , she 's at the top of her class in this area.But what I find typical of her stories is that her love scenes usual sizzles while her surrounding story/mystery-line fizzles.The characers and mainly the plot surrounding the love story appears either uninspired , half-hearted and lagging . In fact , the only sure-fire thing you can look foward to -LRB- and never be disappointed in -RRB- is the love scenes themselves.Unfortunately , I find it to be the very case with `` A Rake 's Vow '' . For one , she tries to convince us that Vane is this alpha-male , ladies ' man that does as he pleases . He , just like all the Cynster males , vow that they shall never marry.I do n't know if its just me , but I truly would like know why they were so against the martial state in the first place . This was never made clear , so you never knew the real motives behind the `` Bar Cynster '' get-togeter to begin with ... Anyway , Vane then suddenly meets his match - all of a sudden - when he meets this 26 year old spinster who has nothing to claim to her name but an annoying younger brother and a cat.For all we hear of how dashing these Cynster males are , Vane 's love interest , with the way she was described as this spinster who never really got out much , does n't really suit his tastes , in my opinion . I just feel that Patience -LRB- the herione 's name -RRB- could have had a lot more going on for her than was described in her side of the story . Compared to all the other heriones in the Bar Cynster series , she 's the most boring!Besides the characters not being overly consistent with their viewpoints , the mystery just plain as hell , sucked . After reading 4 of her books , I am convinced more than ever that S. Laurens lacks the talent to write a decent plot/mystery line to hold together the romance that helps build her characters and push the story along.I find that it is not so much the characters that lack depth so much , but the plot itself and with this book - like most of her books - I get bored easily after reading only 10 pages or less , despite the well-detailed , page-scorching sex scenes.I am one of those people who appreciate a well-thought out , engaging mystery , if there is to BE one , along with the tittilating sex ... . But if I had to choose ONE aspect over another , I 'd choose a good plot/mystery over steamy love scenes all the time.A `` Rake 's Vow '' could do no justice for me , I am sorry to say ...
 Something was definitely missing from this book . In the rest of the Cynster series , Vane is portrayed as one of the most enigmatic of the cousins . In his own story , however , Vane falls into the mold of the regency period rake . There is not much development to his character outside of this formula.Patience is just as typical of a character . I was bored with her.Laurens is also in the habit of repeating herself over and over again . She will use 3 adjectives where one simple description will do . I do n't understand what her purpose in this display of vocabulary is , but it has the result of cluttering up the page with meaningless text to the point where it is difficult to follow the storyline.Between the flat , formulaic characters and the excessive verbiage of the descriptions -LRB- particularly when dealing with the emotions of the characters -RRB- , I was just annoyed by the book .
 This is my third book by Stephanie Laurens , and unfortunately ... I think its my last ... I have tried to like this author , but I just cant do it . `` A Rakes Vow '' was sooo excruciatingly slow I wasnt even able to finish it ... there was no plot . . its just a bunch of way too long sex scenes broken up by chatting around the breakfast table ... Not worth reading ...
 I dont think this is a spoiler alert . If it is im sorry . I have been reading this series , Im like 7 or 8 books in now . There is a recurring theme in all these books , to the point that Im not even interested in them anymore.boy vows to never marry -LRB- or just marry for convienence sake -RRB- boy meets girlgirl is indifferent to boyboy and girl have a shared interest/mystery to solveboy decides to marry girlgirl is resistantboy and girl have lots of sex -LRB- pages and pages of sex -RRB- -LRB- i end up flipping ahead , its all the same really -RRB- boy and girl finally marry and live happily ever afterAnd so far it always seems that girl runs straight into boy somehow . that seems to be how they all meet .
 I 've had this book for months , and have only made it about 3/4 's of the way through it . I 've read other books instead of finishing this one . I ca n't seem to get myself interested in it enough to finish , and that 's extremely unusual for me . This was my second book in the Cynster Series , and I really liked Devil 's Bride much better . I do n't know if I will continue with the Cynster Series -LRB- when and if I even finish this one -RRB- . At least I can see from other reviews that I 'm not the only one disappointed in this book . I 'm going to force myself to read the rest of it , but I honestly ca n't see myself continuing with this series.The plot is thin at best , and taking far too long to get interesting . Patience started getting on my nerves in the first few pages and I almost want Vane to walk away from her . With all her casual liason 's with him , it 's amazing that pregnancy or scandal never crosses her mind .
 Not nearly as well written as `` Devil 's Bride '' . I was disappointed to see one af the Cynsters have to beg to get attention and the woman he wanted it from did n't have enough spunk to suit him . Let 's hope Richard has better luck .
 This book is so excruciatingly slow and boring I could n't get past the 5th Chapter . It had NOTHING to hold my attention .
 After reading Devil 's Bride I could n't wait for Vane 's story to be published . I 'm sorry to say I was very disappointed . Vane , who we met in Devil 's Bride , would simply not succumb to marriage as easily as was portrayed in this book . The author had him put up no fight at all . In fact , it seemed to be one chapter after another of Vane agonizing over how he would convince Patience to marry him . Stephanie , what were you thinking ? Vane deserved better ! Please do n't let Scandal down .
 I enjoyed the character of ` Vane ' in Devil 's Bride and decided to pick up the book with Vane 's story . Although he is still very bit as attractive , he somehow lacked the excitment of a hero in this story . I failed to understand how the two of them felt in love . The relationship between the hero and heroine were not well developed leaving me only understanding the lust between the two.The story moved so so slowly starting from the middle . It was truely painful to get through . The thiefs sub-plot was not exciting in any way and the mystery not well developed in the book . I only finished the book because I bought it and refuse to waste money/book .
 A Rake 's Vow is the second book in Stephanie Laurens ' Cynster series . After reading the first book in the series - Devil 's Bride - I could n't wait to read Vane 's story . He was one of my favourite side characters in Devil 's Bride and , as such , A Rake 's Vow , promised to be just as enjoyable . Unfortunately , it did not live up to expectations . For me , this book lacks the excitement , humour and emotion that features in Devil 's Bride . Vane and Patience share a physical passion but I felt there was a lack of real chemistry and their love is not really believable.The mystery surrounding the spectre and the thief is a little weak and I found sections of the book rather boring . Similarly to Devil 's Bride , Laurens filled this book with numerous explicit sex scenes , each of which are described in such intricate detail that they cover pages and pages of the book . This also has a tendancy to become somewhat boring after a while.I am hoping the other books in the Cynster series are an improvement on this particular book as I would still like to read them all but , after the disappointment of this book , I will leave it for a little while .
 As another said , you need to know everything about everything before reading this book . I can not decide what this book is supposed to accomplish . What is its purpose ? Is it a technical book or an MS advertisement ? After a couple hundred pages , I found myself tired of hearing `` You can '' ... this and `` You can '' ... that , only to find that the how is usually left out . Considering that web page design is a relatively simple task -LRB- compared to , for example OS design , -RRB- this book proves that it is possible for man-kind to mess up just about anything . The one good thing I discovered from reading this book is what not to look for in an InterDev development book . At best , it 's a confusing introduction . I wish I took more time to sample this book before plopping down my cash . Do yourself a favor
 I saw author 's comment that this second edition has so much improvement over the first , so I bought one copy . I have n't read the first edition , but this second edition is hardly an improvement over anything , IMHO . I think the problem is that this book does n't talk about problem solving , nor provide any insight to the product -LRB- VI 6 -RRB- inner function . Ironically this is a book from Microsoft press .
 This book is a very trite and superficial treatment of Visual InterDev . It is somewhere between nothing and the documentation . Microsoft Press should be embarrassed to be associated with this book . As a professional developer and trainer , I recommend to my students MSDN and the Site Builder Network .
 My copy on InterDev came with Visual Studio 6.0 . Using my copy of InterDev 6.0 , I could not follow the examples in this book .
 It 's too little for the abject beginner , and not nearly enough for even a novice user . Microsoft clearly is depending on third party vendors to write the manuals for their software .
 This book goes nowhere on actually teaching someone how to build an interactive site . The authors would have served everyone better if they took the time to walk someone thru a project .
 Computer books seem to break down into one of three major categories
 This book is very poorly written -- it does n't teach you anything . I 've read about 100 pages now and still could n't find something real about InterDev . All the menus , toolbars , buttons in this book are for older versions of InterDev ; I 'm using V6 .0 -LRB- SP3 -RRB- and ca n't find any of those mentioned in the book . Most of the description are just pointless . These guys do n't know about InterDev -- that 's what I get from reading this book .
 I bought this book with intetnion it is going to be advanced book about programming VID 6.0 as the title says . Instead it is book badly written with no examples of any help . The part about DHTML is talking about dynamic postitioning , but there are no examples for useful things like form validating and so on . Part about ASP is also bad and not advanced at all . Authors should think once again if they are going to write something like this book . Do n't buy it . Point .
 When I bought the book there was n't much around at the time . Wanting to learn Visual InterDev I got this one only to discover that you needed to know InterDev before you read it . The book tells you what InterDev does and dos n't explain why , nor does it give you any real working examples . The book also repeats itself too much . You will also need to learn ASP before you read this one . However , most of it uses InterDev scripting modules , which gets a database up and running quickly - useful but not when it comes to ASP programming.I wish I got InterDev Unleashed . I wasted my money on this one .
 This should have been a good book but was n't . The Installation instructions refers to directories that do n't exist on the CD . The CD provides a Access database that ca n't be used . I even talked to Visual Interdev technicians at Microsoft and they could n't make it work . Chapters on integration with the Option Pack are really thin . Instructions assume that you know a lot .
 This is more like the manual that should have shipped with InterDev -LRB- what each menu does , etc -RRB- than anything that can be construed as useful . I actually held out for this book over the Wrox ASP book . Big mistake . If they come out with a new edition for VInterDev 2.0 , they should include some EXAMPLES !!!!!
 After reading `` Professional Active Server Pages '' and `` Active Visual Basic 5.0 '' , I felt like I was wasting my time with `` Inside Microsoft Visual InterDev '' . The book is appropriate as an overview for an entry level Web developer that has had no experience with Microsoft development tools . At the very least , I would hope to see significant examples in future editions .
 I have owned Heatter 's ` chocolate deserts ' book for years , and it is a great book for the most part , so I have been VERY dissapointed in her ` cakes ' book . Cakes of all kinds are my speciality , and this is just a poor , poor cookbook . Nearly all of the recipies contain odd errors-especially in baking times-if you try to use this book , be very careful , cuz her overly specific baking times are usually too long . Neither of my kitchens have been able to make her times work as printed.The recipies themselves are very odd as well-frankly , most of the times that I have gotten them to be succesful , people dont really like them that much . It seems like her goal was to collect as many recipies as she could that involved at least thirty dollars worth of nuts and dried fruit . `` Fruitackes '' would have been a more accurate title for this book . For God 's sake even the chocolate cakes are packed full of fruit etc. . Yuck.The cheesecake section of the book speaks for itself in the overwrought fussiness department ... almost all of the recipies just sound gross-reading the ingredients is enough to ruin your appetite ... way , way overdone.I would definetly recomend her chocolate desert book , but this one goes in the trash . I gave it the benefit of the doubt for a while , but that only goes so far !
 Jordan does show convincingly that `` sodomy , '' in the Bible defined as the sins of the men of Sodom , applies to a range of sinful activities rather than specifically homosexual ones . He does not , however , show that homosexual activity is excluded within that range of activities.But even if Jordan were to show that homosexual activity is not one of the sins of Sodom , the implication for us is merely that `` sodomy '' -- if we would like to be etymologically correct -- ought not be used as a term for homosexual activity . If he were to establish that , he would not be establishing that homosexual activity is not a sin . The only implication would be that we should use a different term to describe homosexual sin -LRB- as for instance was often done by using the more inclusive term `` luxuria , '' it appears -RRB- . Since Jordan shows a hermeneutical friendliness to the Bible -LRB- which is what motivates his etymological interest in `` sodomy '' in the first place -RRB- , he would be hard pressed to do away with passages of similar brevity in which homosexual activity is specifically labeled as a sin . -LRB- In fact he ignores these passages entirely , as the authors he reads do not , which decimates the value of his arguments around pp. 166 ff . -RRB- Regarding the Middle Ages , even if `` sodomy '' had been constructed incorrectly as a term for homosexual activity and similar sexual sins , the idea of those sins was not constructed . His interest turns out to be merely etymological through page 40 . For most of the remainder of the book , Jordan moves to `` invention '' in the rhetorical sense , finding all the different ways that sodomy was discussed -- seldom engaging the arguments , as though he is having enough fun repeating all the unsayable words.On 42 and towards the end , he unfairly objects to the use of places and place-names as symbols , calling this an `` essentialism '' that is `` antihistorical . '' This hermeneutical prejudice is untenable , and not just in the case of Sodom . One might say that `` homophobia '' is also one of those words that is used as `` an attack upon a -LSB- supposedly -RSB- malignant essence '' -LRB- 43 , cf. 167-68 -RRB- . If Jordan really is attacking the whole system of applying abstract words to sets of activities , he loses the ability to make many of his own points as well.For those interested in the relationship of nature and ethics , the most relevant and good parts are
 Only a `` scholar '' could ignore the plain text of Leviticus 18:22 , Romans 1:26 -32 , and similar pre-Christian and early Christian proscriptions of homosexual sex , then divert into the etymology of the term `` sodomy '' to pretend that the sinfulness of homosexual behavior is some recent fabrication of a `` homophobic '' cabal in the Church . As early as the Council of Ancyra -LRB- 314 A.D. -RRB- the Church spoke juridically against those `` who . . commit -LSB- acts of -RSB- defilement with animals or males . '' Certainly that the Church spoke in different terms , even in circumlocutions , to avoid describing acts so foul against Christian morality provides no `` cover '' for the sin . Whether `` sodomy , '' `` defilement , '' or `` liers with mankind , '' Christians have always taught that homosexual behavior is intrinsically disordered and sinful -- at least until revisionist `` scholars '' sought to muddy the water with fabrications .
 This book is a piece of history , but that 's all it is . This was when Faulkner was hanging out in New Orleans with Sherwood Anderson , and Anderson told Faulkner if he wrote a book , he would get his publisher to print it . This and Mosquitoes are the result . They are both terrible , and it takes longer to read them than it took Faulkner to write them.The interesting thing here is Faulkner 's obsession with the war hero and the tragedy of war cliche 's . Remember also , that Faulkner was walking around in a pilot 's uniform that he made himself after failing to join the air force . This book is very much the same thing , and for that point , it 's interesting . It 's amazing that such a dolt became one of the true voices of wisdom for the century . The upside of this book is that it lets you know you have plenty of time to develop . If you love the guy , you 'll read this anyway , but you can save your time and skip Soldier 's Pay and Mosquitoes . Save them for when you 've already developed an obsession .
 This book just gives me a headache.It is so complicated to follow . Recipes would have helped and examples of combinations instead of just listing what is alkaline , acidic , neutral , protein , etc and trying to figure it all out yourself !?? So confusing!Not helpful at all . would love to know if there is a real SIMPLE book that will help with this kind of diet .
 I felt this book was very simplistic and not much of an advantage for getting `` Straight A 's '' . It was an ok review , but really no earth shattering info that would put you over the edge . Do n't waste your money !
 I picked up this dictionary to travel around Latin America . If you only need the most basic vocabulary , it might do the job . But anything beyond that is asking too much . You 'll soon get frustrated looking for words and expressions that simply are n't to be found , but which any basic Spanish-English dictionary should contain.The format of the book is great - slender , and with a durable cover . But the disadvantages are just too great . I 'd recommend going for a slightly bulkier , but more comprehensive dictionary . You 'll get much more out of it .
 If you are looking for good , reliable pocket Spanish dictionary , this is NOT it . I have found myself frustrated multiple times when looking up simple words that I have considered returning it . It has some good things to offer like nationalities and verb conjugations , but it is quite limited in its vocabulary . I would not recommend it , but rather I would recommend Berlitz pocket dictionaries to anyone wanting to learn another language .
 This book does offer insight into shading and goldwork techniques , but has few , if any , practice projects . The pictures are very lovely , but I was led to believe that there would be more patterns to practice on.If you are looking for a book with projects , minimally practice projects , this book is not the one to buy . No projects , thus no materials and fibers listed , no patterns.As a non professional needlework enthusiast , I need a head start on any project , because I do n't have time to design a project from start to finish ; books with projects offer the headstart I think most people in my position need
 This book has some lovely pictures and has instructions that are rather clear ... However , I have an issue with the book ! The author has spent a number of years traveling to Japan and includes MANY references to that fact . < good for her ! > Included in her instructions are several hard to find and expensive items that the average individual will have no access to . The book is called INVENTIVE Needlework but I found the examples to be common embroidery techniques ... EXCEPT when you can do them on extremely expensive silk fabrics from Japan . EXPENSIVE Needlework may have been a more truthful title !
 The text of the book is excellent but the publisher printed it on poor quality paper that turns yellow over time . The print quality is also horrible . The book is a classic so it deserves to be printed on good quality paper .
 The poem is wonderful just as it is , and is readilyavailable on the internet . The poem is a perfect gem.The additional additional commentaries strike me as beinglike peanut butter being spread on a wonderfully cookedpiece of prime rib . Why spend the money , time , and effortto add to something thats already perfect ?
 There is no reason to read The Cloud in translation . It is written in simple prose and in one of the easiest Middle English dialects for Modern English speakers to read . This edition of the book is an unnecessary translation into Modern English in which a great deal of the original works subtleties and nuances are lost . Because the text was written with such close attention to language it is truly inexcusable for any one to read it in translation when then original is completely accessible to the Modern English speaker . I therefore recommend the edition the TEAMS Middle English Texts Series , edited by Patrick J. Gallacher and available for roughly the same price , instead of this version .
 I debated whether I should write seven pages , footnoted , indexed , and full of examples on why you should not buy this book and choose to seek another source for learning Python . But if you 're the type who would actually make it through all that to get to the main point , you might actually LIKE `` Learning Python '' . I 'd rather save you , the save-able , from experiencing the same pain that I am going through right now . So here is my one-word review
 unlike other people who had such a wonderful experience with the book , mine was a complete disaster.The first chapter was dedicated to running the program , and modules files , in the second chapter author would give a code example and end it with comments like '' we will explain the concept in later chapters '' that turned me off cause if you going to use an example expalin it or give an example that 's pertains with the chapter . furthermore , later chapters of the book , were written with sample code with no Explanation at all . what good is it going to do me ? a code without Explanation . . Anyway i am looking for a more detailed book on python . If anyone can help me out please post a note . thanks
 I purchased the Mark Lutz 's first book , Programming Python , and found it impossible to comprehend . So then I heard about a new book called learning Python , which was more of a tutorial-style book . I bought it immediately , eager to learn the language which I have heard so much about , and to my dissapointment , it seemed to be the same as Programming Python , only shorter . If you really want to learn a programming language , get Learning Perl by Randal Schwartz and Tom Christiansen . Good luck !
 Though this book has often been recommended as an excellent source for beginning programmers , I did n't get much from it after the first chapter.I found the writing excessively dry , the index substandard , the and the language very very opaque . The organization is also pretty haphazard . Quite often concepts are introduced briefly and off-handedly , but then dropped as `` not quite ready '' to be discussed , with no further reference given.Most of the examples used to demonstrate basics are either trivial or very abstract . A set of well-thought-out , useful examples are missing from this book , and if they had been included , would have gone a long way towards showing a beginner how to use this language.Generally , not up to O'Reilly standards .
 I bought this book because I originally bought the author 's Programming Python book mistakenly thinking it would be similar to the Programming Perl book -LRB- which is a stellar book , where as the Python equivalent is more like a cookbook -RRB- . It was immediately obvious that I was NOT going to learn Python from that book so I bought this one . Again , a mistake . It may be a fair overview of Python but it did not give me the tools I needed to be productive right away ; and if it did have the information that I was looking for it was not obvious . Simple things like writing to standard error , file tests , executing separate programs and saving the output , parsing text , even how to force a script to bloody exit ... basically common things people expect from a scripting language right away were given either little , weak , or * NO * obvious treatment . The appendix is no help either , I could not find most of these simple operations listed there under the usual key words . I 'm sorry to say but this is the worst O'Reilly book I 've come accross and -LRB- together with Programming Python -RRB- is a black mark on the series .
 First off I would like to make a distinction between the Python programming language and this particular introduction to it . Python is a great language and you will enjoy programming in it . This is probably the source of excitement in reviews on this page . Because the book , unfortunately , has a number of flaws.The tradition of O'Reilly Perl books has been not only to teach you the syntax of Perl , but also to introduce programming techniques and ideas how to make best use of the language features . This Python book scores zero on these points . It focuses on syntax exclusively and this makes it unsuitable for an absolute beginner . The examples are unimaginative . The authors show you how to write correct code for using `` dictionaries '' , but not how to USE `` dictionaries '' . A Perl book author would throw in a program that uses a `` hash '' to search for duplicate data entries -LRB- as they did -RRB- . Besides , the flow of the book is uneven . Functions and classes are discussed at length , but built-in data types and exceptions are looked at only briefly . All this is really unfortunate because there are not very many Python books on the market and it is a very good language.Overall , I think , this book is best for experienced programmers who already know their CS , have to get up to speed with Python very quickly , have $ 30 to waste , and really love to own O'Reilly books . The rest might be better off by printing out the Python tutorial .
 I first purchased this book nearly two years ago , but I never got past the first few chapters.I just picked this book up again , with the benefit of two years ' experience programming in PHP and a little but of Java , and I realize why working through this book seemed like such slow going the first time around.On the one hand , `` Learning Python '' is written with a lot of hand-holding for readers who may not have much programming experience at all with any other languages ; the basic concepts of variables , statements , functions , data types and the like are all clearly explained , which is a good thing for someone just starting out.On the other hand , there are also quite a few tips and bits of information about memory efficiency , or how certain elements of Python relate to their C underpinnings ; things that a rank newbie probably wo n't understand , and probably does n't need to know when they 're just trying to learn the basics . These esoteric points are probably quite helpful/interesting for programmers coming from low level languages like C , but those programmers will be frustrated by the slow page of the sections covering basic mechanics.So you 've got a book that moves at a beginners ' pace that 's full of asides targeted towards experienced programmers ; beginners will be confused and overwhelmed , and experienced coders will just get frustrated.For what it 's worth , I have the first edition of this book ; I 'm not sure how the second edition compares .
 Having previously read several O'reilly Perl books I thought that learning Python from this text would be straight forward . Unfortunately this book has none of the helpful examples that the Perl books have and also dissappointing was the reluctance to write the code as you might using a text editor . Instead the authors seem to prefer to write code as it would be run from the interpreter on the commandline . This made it really hard to write any Python using the text editor . All in all a complete waste of money .
 This book is a terribly lazy attempt at writing a Python tutorial.Sure , you can read it from start to finish , and write yourself some working Python code . However , when you want to write something slightly different to what is covered in this book , you suddenly realise how incomplete this book is.Eg , it covers the hasattr , getattr , setattr , and delattr built in functions , which is fine if you already know what attributes an object has , but in no way can I work out with this book how , or if it is even possible , to get a list of an object 's existing attributes.It is incredibly frustrating trying to learn Python from this book . I am writing this review because I came online to look for a better Python book . I was hoping to find something by the Wrox publishers , as their Beginning Java2 is excellent , but it looks like I am out of luck ...
 I chose the YouTube video about this book to show my college class on Ancient Humanities . The assignment was to write down the statements made in the video that do not stand up to scientific scrutiny . This book and its video are a perfect goldmine of alluringly presented but totally fallacious assertions .
 Chances are even if you have a Ph.D in Mathematics and or Physics you take you car to a mechanic whose highest level of education is high school . In short , expertise in one field does not equate to expertise in another , if it did historians would be writing papers on String Theory . It should also not surprise that in a time when people get their idea of history from the likes of Dan Brown a book such as this would find a market , like Barnum said , `` A sucker is born every minute ! `` Now , the author would have one believe those nasty Jesuits cooked up a bogus history of the world and have snookered everyone -LRB- but him , it seems the Jesuits are clever , real clever , just not clever enough -RRB- for hundreds of years . Boy , people are really stupid , except for our author . It 's a good thing he has come along to lift the veil of ignorance from our eyes!This is what you must believe to take this authors thesis as valid . Myself , just as I 'll take my car to a mechanic who knows his trade and pass on the mathematician , I 'll get my history from someone who has dedicated his life to it 's study.Also , IMHO the positive reviews are mostly pathetic attempts by friends -LRB- perhaps the author himself -RRB- to praise the book . Syntax use in many of them indicate English is not the first tongue , it almost sounds like a Russian writing -LRB- very well by the way , but certainly no Conrad like command -RRB- English.Too bad I ca n't give negative stars .
 This guy claims basically all of recorded history is manufactured as a devious plan to misinform . Sorry bud , I just ca n't accept your conclusions , there are millions if not billions of historical artifacts which together form a cohesive historical record . There is no science or methodology to his writings , just casual observation of similarities and a great over emphisis on what is really innocent human error.To buy into his theory you would have to accept that practacly every historical artifact , whether great or minute were fabricated with the intent of confusing mankind as part of a great mind control conspiracy . This guy is absolutly nuts and it escapes me how he can be taken seriously by anyone.The only point I can agree with him on is that we must be vigilent in our skeptisism , and I am more skeptical of this book than I am all of mankind 's recorded history .
 Some people are able to believe in everything what seems to be logic and supported by some equations and statistics.It is really funny that even the wildest theory will always find its followers.Russian science has problem with pseudoscientists . For instance
 The author is respected in the field of mathematics , and that is well and good , but his objectivity -LRB- and argument -RRB- is tainted in his bid to conform history into his narrow Christian viewpoint.Fomenko does n't stop to consider that Christian mythos borrows heavily from other religions and events ... rather , he wants us to believe that all of these events and writings are based on the life of Jesus Christ ! -LRB- And he , in these works , is not from ancient Palestine , but Russia ! -RRB- This book is an interesting Christian curio , with tainted science aspects . Historians , Egyptologists and serious scholars would do well to spend their book budgets elsewhere .
 I really tried to read it . I wanted to read it . The topic interests me . But I just was n't prepared to read a 624 page doctoral thesis , which is what it reads like . Too many charts , references , etc. . And yes , I am intelligent enough to bore my way through that stuff , but I had planned to read this for enjoyment . Not gon na happen .
 HA HA ! IS FUNNY BECAUSE IS NOT TRUE ! IS ALSO FUNNY BECAUSE PEOPLE SAY IS TRUE !
 I should admit that maybe I did not read this specific book by Fomenko , but I tried to read one of his books in the original Russian . I quit after reading a third of it
 this book is absolute garbage . the author has no concept of history and completely disregards the archaeological and historical record . If you you want to know more about ancient history , go to the experts . heck , even Livy is better than this guy !
 It 's some writer working under a pseudonym , getting writer-friends to write these horrible , long-winded reviews .
 WE ALL KNOW THAT STATISTICS IS A METHOD OF INTERPRETATION.THERE ARE DOZENS OF BOOKS NAMED `` LYING WITH STATISTICS ''
 Looking through this book reminded me of the movie `` A Beautiful Mind '' . A brilliant mathematician constructs a fantasy world complete in every detail . The only problem is that it does n't exist , and that he 's as mad as a hatter.Just two examples of the many `` possibilities '' suggested by our schizoid author : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Biblical flood and the Trojan War were the same event because Noah was Aeneas , who fled Troy to found Rome . -LRB- Noah and Aeneas had names that sound alike . Thus it is proven . -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Nine kings fled the fall of the Tower of Babel and seven kings founded Rome . Therefore , Rome was founded by the kings who fled the fall of the Tower of Babel . -LRB- In the author 's words , the Biblical figure of nine is `` close enough '' to the Roman figure of seven . -RRB- Most of this book 's positive reviewers do n't support their opinions with science , but those who do cite what they think are the author 's strongest arguments
 The only conspiracies here have to do with the number of insanely positive reviews . There are twenty -LRB- ! -RRB- here where the reviewer only has one review to their name and it 's a five-star review for this book . And more coming . Funny that . It 's almost like somebody has set up multiple accounts and is trying to up the rating . Parallelism indeed . Two with no other reviews may be coincidence . But twenty ? Twenty ! Good job buddy . Very subtle . You might as well have just copied and pasted your review.So , I 'm not a mathematician and I do n't know enough to contradict Fomenko 's math , but I do n't have to . By that reasoning Fomenko would n't be able to contradict me because I 'm a Classical History Major and this is -LRB- ostensibly -RRB- a History book . I can tell you exactly why his math must be wrong and why he should be ashamed to call himself a scientist . Scientists must make the models match the data , not the other way round . When the facts do n't fit your theory then the problem is n't with the facts , it 's with your theory . And boy do the facts not fit this ` theory . ' It would be hard to think of a way in which history could make less sense than it does through his model.First , a brief explanation for anyone not familiar with this book . Anatoly Fomenko is a Doctor of Mathematics at Moscow State University . Despite a lack of support from his colleagues -LRB- who consider his ideas on history nuts -RRB- he published a series of seven books in which he rewrote the history of the world based on his ideas of Statistics . As explained on the back cover , `` Jesus Christ was born in 1053 A.D. and crucified in 1086 A.D. . The Old Testament refers to mediaeval events . Apocalypse was written after 1486 A.D. '' I 'll go more into why he thinks that makes sense later . The Roman Empire and all of Classical civilization was invented by Jesuit monks who wrote in a remarkably short time all of Western literature and invented an entire civilization which people then immediately forgot never existed . All Classical buildings are simply medieval ones that have been misdated.And now a brief history of ... well history , as seen through Fomenko-vision
 Unlike the recent book by Tina Sinatra -LRB- which I give five-stars -RRB- this book softsells any of FAS 's well known liabilities . Nonetheless , it does contain some interesting details about his life . My one complaint is that Nancy Sinatra 's other book `` Frank Sinatra , American Legend '' seems to be indistiguishable from this one , and indeed contains 80 % of the same material yet was not published as a revision . This , earlier version is better in my mind because of her notes about each of his movies and albums at the end of the book . That material is missing in the American Legend version . Given her softsell , I do have to wonder what Nancy has to say about her sisters more forthright approach to their father 's story .
 This is Nancy Sinatra 's biography on her father , the legendary Frank . There have been many stories about him over the years ; his drinking , his suspected alliance to the mafia , his womanizing ... In Nancy 's world none of this existed . No , Frank was a saint according to her , with no faults whatsoever . The greatest man that ever lived ! I am not interested in some kind of tabloid-style , gossip-based diving into the rumours about him , but it would have been interesting to read a more nuanced view of who Frank really was . Nancy ignores all of that , and her perpetual praise of him , page after page , is very tiresome . Also , she takes the opportunity to use the book as a sort of biography on her own career -LRB- almost a third of the book is about herself - that 's OK but then the title is misleading , I think -RRB- . The only credit I can give the book is that there is interesting detailed information on Frank 's career and I learned a lot about the music industry in the 40 's and 50 's . But I would like to read an outsider 's story about Frank , a more objective one .
 The photographs are fab , then you start to read , and a little voice says wait a minute , espically as ive just finised his way by kitty kelley , i know he is dad , and she 's his little chicken , but how anyone in there right mind would fill a book cover to cover with such sugar sweet garbage , as this is beyond me , unless of course your ego and arrogance is higher than everest , now where would she have got that from , her explaining away the acts of voilence and cruelty , of one of the most feard performers to ever tread the boards , are airily brushed away with `` hell get mad , and youll get mad '' , but if you face him them all will be well , ah shucks , that is if your head is still on your shoulders , here and there , the veneer seems to slip , such as when descriping Richard Burtons , tribute to sinatra , at a luncheon in sinatras honour.She commends burtons tribute , then icily adds his words were by someone else , burtons diaries -LRB- Rich a life -RRB- leave no illusions of he really thought of sinatra , somehow i get the feeling this didnt escape her , its these little cracks in the facade , that show the true nancy , like father like daughter , sorry honey you dont fool me for one minute , little chicken , little vulture , more like it .
 The photographs are fab , then you start to read , and a little voice says wait a minute , espically as ive just finised his way by kitty kelley , i know he is dad , and she 's his little chicken , but how anyone in there right mind would fill a book cover to cover with such sugar sweet garbage , as this is beyond me , unless of course your ego and arrogance is higher than everest , now where would she have got that from , her explaining away the acts of voilence and cruelty , of one of the most feard performers to ever tread the boards , are airily brushed away with `` hell get mad , and youll get mad '' , but if you face him them all will be well , ah shucks , that is if your head is still on your shoulders , here and there , the veneer seems to slip , such as when descriping Richard Burtons , tribute to sinatra , at a luncheon in sinatras honour.She commends burtons tribute , then icily adds his words were by someone else , burtons diaries -LRB- Rich a life -RRB- leave no illusions of he really thought of sinatra , somehow i get the feeling this didnt escape her , its these little cracks in the facade , that show the true nancy , like father like daughter , sorry honey you dont fool me for one minute , little chicken , little vulture , more like it .
 You will find yourself refering to Novells website to get full explainations and instructions on how to do things refereced in the book . -LRB- thats unacceptable to me -RRB- I was disappointed with this purchase . Novells online manuals contain far more information and its free .
 This book would be great for someone who knows nothing about ZenWorks and want to know what it can do ... but if you know what it can do ... do n't buy this thinking it is an Administrator book . Gave no detail on setup or configuration of any parts of the ZenWorks suite.I was very ... very ... disappointed in this book ... and I have doubts that I will buy the new one for Zen3 coming out in January ...
 Anthropocentric fairytales and simple moral fables.He writes well however . He 'd produce very good sci-fi if he got over his , `` Oh there must be some deeper meaning to human existance `` Actually no there is n't , get over yourself and your inflated species ego Coupland .
 As a Coupland Frequent Flyer , I almost lost perspective while I was reading this book . I had enjoyed -LRB- does anyone remember what it is like ? -RRB- `` Generation X '' , `` Shampoo Planet '' and `` Microserfs '' so much , that I bought `` Life After God '' without much thought . In the end , I was standing in a crossroad
 There were some slightly profound , thought provoking passages in this book . Being in my late 20 's , naturally I could relate . But after a while , I began to wonder why it was the Mr. Coupland felt that we needed to be included in ALL of his deepest thoughts and lonely banter . I too would love for the world to read MY existential life thoughts , family secrets , and childhood memories , but does anyone really care ? After awhile , I just did n't care anymore . It would have helped if this `` stories '' were collected in a more organized semblance , it seemed a bit sloppy .
 After reading `` Generation X ' and `` Shampoo Planet '' I was somewhat dissappointed by this effort . The angst of the central character as a tortured father separated from a child is understandable but maudlin at times . There is something of Coupland 's earlier style in the book . The childhood reminiscence of the central character recalls the author 's work in `` Generation X '' and was much appreciated . The book on the whole is not the pleasure to read that his two previous works were .
 Life After God is well written , there is no argument there -LRB- despite a few consistency errors -RRB- . The problem is this nice read goes nowhere , it just delivers lots of little stories with nothing to tie them together into a cohesive whole . Coupland is good with his prose and is very easy to read , but I want more than that . And really , a plot is not too much to ask for is it ?
 A few months after reading and thoroughly enjoying Hey Nostradamus , I picked this book up , thinking that it would be good . Okay , I can see why the book might appeal to some . . it raises a lot of questions that young adolescents often ask themselves about life while struggluing to find a true identity , making the reader feel like they relate to what the narrators -LRB- as there are six in the book -RRB- have to say . But come on , what is this book even about ? It seems to be full of pointless ramblings of worried and depressed characters -LRB- all seemingly sharing the same personality -RRB- that do n't even establish anything . Nothing is accomplished as these narrators babble , and it seems that each character is right back where they started at the end of each story , or else the story seems incomplete somehow . Some things that are said in the book do make the reader think or laugh because they know that they 've asked those same questions to themselves , but in the end ... this book has no plot and is quite a waste of time .
 Apparently `` God '' was crucially involved in stuff like prose style , characterization , and plot development . Coupland -- owing to ... lack of talent ? unfamiliarity with the literary canon ? -- runs afoul of that fallacy whereby the affectless stupor of the things one represents dictates an affectless , stupor-enducing manner of representation . Mind-boggling tedium , in the service a * very * juvenile worldview .
 Since Grosskurth has decided that Byron is bipolar , she tacks the loaded modifier `` manic '' onto virtually any happy experience the unfortunate man can have - falling in love , say , or finishing a 4-mile swim in Turkey despite his club foot and some serious undercurrents.But she 's not alone . In fact , Byron is one of the most popular examples of the `` mad genius '' myth , although there is considerable doubt as to how much of his extravagant behavior was motivated by his supposed `` illness , '' and how much he deliberately cultivated as part of his stormy Romantic image.When a biographer has an agenda , it 's amazing how many things fit in . It 's like giving a hammer to a small boy
 This mean-spirited biography does nothing to help a reader gain insight into this remarkable English poet . The author leaves great gaps in her examination of Byron 's life and what she does relate -LRB- i.e. , about his illfated marriage -RRB- is biased and gives absolutely no sense of the personalities involved or a sense of regency England . Her reaction to Byron is hostile throughout -LRB- without being at the same time incisive -RRB- , making me wonder why she decided to write about him in the first place . Give this one a pass and look for Leslie Marchand 's biography which ranks among the finest or read Byron 's complete correspondence which gives one a direct view into his personality .
 Phyllis Grosskurth writes of Byron with an air of affected authority . After psycho-analysing him , she concludes that he is text book bi-polar . Armed with this assumption she storms through the book validating this `` amazing '' insight at every opportunity . That is all very well and she does have a point . Where this biography really falls short however is in her dismissal of two major players in the Byron story ; his mother who was a complex creature is dismissed as `` a rather silly woman '' and most lamentably Thomas Moore who was Byron 's idol as a young man and his best friend as an adult is described by Grosskurth as `` a rather endearing little snob '' -LRB- this is about all we hear about one of the most important figures in Byron 's life . -RRB- Jeffrey W. Vail 's excellent `` The literary relationship of Lord Byron and Thomas Moore '' and Fiona Macarthy 's astute `` Byron Life and Legend '' consign Ms Grosskurth 's work into the lesser rank of gossipy pot boiler type bio 's where it belongs . Like all pot boilers peppery enough but to be taken with a pitch of salt .
 This was one of the first books in a good while that I almost did n't finish . It is , without a doubt , one of the worst books I have read in a long time . The style of the writing is cramped , and hard to comprehend at times . I also found it hard to keep track of most of the people in the book . I do have some pity for her , it must be hard to write a biography of such a mean spirited man .
 This is not words we are used to hearing . TOO many words , unknown words , Agatha gone mad . love to return this . ?? Beth
 According to Halliburton , Cherokees had black slaves and did not treat them better than white masters would have . They discouraged interracial unions and would not allow part-black Cherokees to become tribal members . They did not have a pronounced abolitionist movement like whites had . They did not promote person-of-color unity ; they clearly saw blacks as inferior . Further , whereas modern whites may be ashamed of their slaveowning ancestors , modern Cherokees are not . If the truth is the truth , I may have to let my P.C. assumptions go . Still , there are many things that make me skeptical about this book.Unlike other historians who write , `` This is the general trend and here is an example of it . '' Halliburton will give an example of Cherokee oppression of blacks and imply that the entire Cherokee Nation must have acted in the same way . I 've forgotten the difference between inductive logic and deductive logic , but this author seems to use the method that modern Westerners have rejected . He brutally minimizes the impact of the Trail of Tears ; you would think the Cherokees just wanted to have a fun adventure and wanted to come to census on moving , rather than being forced out by the very racist President Andrew Jackson and his administration . He points to many wealthy , male Cherokees slaveowners ; did poor or female Cherokees feel differently about slavery ? Halliburton cites numerous Cherokee laws against Cherokee-black miscegenation . However , white states had those same laws and it did n't stop white men from fathering children with black slave women . Why does Halliburton say nothing about sexual liaisons that must have gone on between Cherokee slaveowners and black female slaves?Please remember that Halliburton is a black professor . He is writing for a black book series . His book is written in the 1970s , during the height of the Black Power Movement . He teaches in the Southwest . Was his purpose to say that black are more oppressed than the many Native Americans in the region where he lives ? Was this book meant to ensure that blacks get the same or more benefits than what tribal members would receive in Southwestern colleges ? Some legal thinkers assert that it 's bad to play `` the oppression sweepstakes '' in which group X tries to maintain that they suffered more than group Y. Halliburton seems to not care about that concern.The Cherokees were known for accepting white culture much more easily than other tribes . Could n't having slaves be just one more example of that ? Halliburton says little on how whites encouraged Natives and blacks to distrust each other . Maybe that is what is playing out here . If Halliburton is correct , than why do so many African Americans -LRB- myself included -RRB- claim to have Native American blood ? Why did Katz 's `` Black Indians '' book sell so well ? Why do people of many races want black-red unity to exist ? How is Halliburton 's book helpful to modern projects to encourage black-red unity ? Who benefits from his research and absolutist descriptions?This book frustrates me so badly , even as I try to keep an open mind toward what the author is saying .
 IN ADDITION TO MURDERING THE HOUSEHOLD SLAVE HANNA BY BEATING HER TO DEATH APPARENTLY BECAUSE SHE SERVED HIM COLD COFFEE HE HANGED THE BRAVE SOLDIERS OF THE LOS PATRICIOS WHO WERE PRISONERS OF WAR UNDER VICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES . HE MADE THEM STAND ON WAGONS WITH NOOSES AROUND THEIR NECKS WHILE THE BATTLE OF CHAPULTEPEC RAGED.DESPITE PLEAS FOR MERCY FROM BYSTANDERS AND CLERGY HE WAITED ALMOST TWO HOURS UNTIL THE US FLAG WAS RAISED BEFORE ORDERING THE HORSES TO BE WHIPPED . ONE OF THE EXECUTED MEN WAS A DOUBLE AMPUTEE DRAGGED FROM HIS HOSPITAL BED ; ` BRING THE SON-OF-A-BITCH OUT ' SAID HARNEY , SHORTLY TO BE PROMOTED BRIGADIER-GENERAL . WHEN ASKED TO CUT THE BODIES DOWN HE RESPONDED ' I HAD ORDERS TO HANG THEM BUT NO ORDERS TO UNHANG THEM ' . APPARENTLY HIS CONDUCT DREW NO CRITICISM FROM THE US ARMY WHICH , TO THIS DAY , HAS NEVER FACED UP TO THIS STAIN ON IT 'S HONOR .
 In reading a book called The Irish Soldiers of Mexico , -LRB- by Michael Hogan -RRB- I discovered that William Selby Harney was a cruel , savage , and despicable man . Why anyone would be interested in reading about this piece of sh ** man is confusing to me.During the wars against Native Americans , this criminal had a notorious penchant for brutality and cruelty.He presided over the hangings of the St. Patrick 's Battalion that defended Mexico from imperialist U.S. invasion in 1847 . He had been accused of rape and murder of innocent Native American women and was indicted by a civilian court for thebrutal beating of a female slave which resulted in her death.He avoided prosecution by jumping bond and escaping from the city where this occured . Legally , he was a fugitive from justiceduring the entire war against Mexico in 1847 . Record show that Harney was a reckless , insubordinate and arrogant officer who was also an indicted murdered , an alleged rapist , and a fugitive from justice . -LRB- According to The Irish Soldiers book . -RRB- I would n't waste my time reading about this s.o.b criminal.George K. PerezChicago , IL
 Hackneyed magic realism - kitsch and cliche.The cover of this edition features a quote from Marquez : '' ... unmistakeable reading pleasure . `` Surely the complete quote must be something along the lines of : `` Even Stefan Zweig , in comparison , inspires unmistakeable reading pleasure . `` Read The Lizard 's Tail by Valenzuela or Ship of Fools by Peri Rossi instead . Leopard in the Sun is unmistakeably dispensable .
 Jepson understands the topics of JDBC very well . It might be interesting for the one or the other to see how you can develop your own JDBC-driver as well as a little database . If you are looking for a tutorial how to build database-applications this book is the wrong choice .
 This book is subtitled `` Master Next Generation Web Database Techniques '' , so you might be forgiven for thinking that it has something to do with the web , or HTML , or distributed computing . No such luck.What you really get is mostly a collection of annotated source code listings for a simple SQL interpreter and database using plain text files , padded out with one or two chapters of introduction to SQL and JDBC . If you are interested in how an SQL database might be written , or you want to provide an SQL/JDBC interface to some plain text files then it could still be a ueful book , but I ca n't give a good review to any book which so wildly misrepresents itself .
 One of the worst books I have ever tried to read . The organization of the book is incoherent . It seems to have been dashed off with minimal time and effort . Pages and pages of code listings that are n't helpful . It is never clear how the sample code relates to anything.It appears to have been a project for an independent studies class , and fiddled with to turn it into a book . Good luck trying to get the sample code to compile.Stupid quotations throughout that have nothing to do with anything , except to convey the author seems to consider himself ` with-it ' . ??? This is how the book opens ... take a hint ... `` However Big You Think You Are '' `` He 's the all-American bullet-headed Saxon mother 's son '' -LRB- Lennon/McCartney `` Do n't waste your time or money .
 When I read technics books , I wait read technics books . Why I have to know if you like The Who or The Beatles ? -LRB- page X , ... every chapter -RRB- . Difficult language , difficult read , `` personnal affaires '' -LRB- absinthe -RRB- , and I losed a lot of time . Less personality and more congruence .
 This book is interesting from a philosophical vantage point . However , it is alarming and disturbing . No parent of an adolescent can hope to glean any meaningful direction from this book . Ms. Digges philosophically ` interprets ' her son 's antisocial acting out , excuses -LRB- yes I mean excuses -RRB- his violence , gun-toting gang persona and never deals with consequences in any rational way . If he did turn out as well as she says -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- it is not because of her non-intervention or ` fairness ' . I hope no innocents were killed along the way . This book is fantasy and chance , as unworldly as a Las Vegas show .
 The silly grins of non-judgmental Rogerian acceptance and thrill-seeking . A theory that two messed-up childhoods brought together might find an acceptable lifestyle due to the extreme need for affiliation that afflicts children within a wierd isolated anti-society . This book echoes every myth of the `` recovery '' movement , but it lacks footnotes , specific attributions to source literature , and a thorough explication of opposing views . Buy this book to join the `` pity party '' . What a thrill for `` professional educators '' who , with career tenure , can get away with doing such destructive antisocial things to children . Includes convincing anecdotes that show why some psychotherapists should be debarred .
 I read this book but did not find it very interesting . Though the Rossi has attempted to do a good job , it reads more like a manual . Also a lot of cut and paste pictures of the switches . I would suggest additional reading material besides this book
 Although if you like manual type books , this is a fine book , it does n't cut to the point and give you what is needs for the new CCNP Switching exam . Hard to read , with typos make it not a good choice .
 i just finished 70-98 and passed with 74 % , no thanks to this book . though padded out with lots of white space , this book is pretty brief if you actually count the questions . i found at least 4 inconsistencies within the book itself -LRB- ie . in one place it says MS Backup will restore DOS backups , 2 pages later it says it wont -RRB- , several obvious typos , and about 10 more inconsistencies vs. the other book i used -LRB- Sam 's Teach Yourself -RRB- . all in all ... not that useful , and way overpriced . i am , by the way , a big fan of MS Press in general -- just didnt like this particular book . save your money . ps
 Do not buy this book . . I repeat do not buy this book . It is a hugh waste of time and money . I used this book and I memorized the questions in it . You will not find any of them on the real test . The real test is very , very hard and this book will not make it any easier for you . I got a very low score on the exam thanks to this book . I Im a straight A student I failed it . Be careful and study till you ca n't study anymore .
 The chosen was very boring and uneventful . It was this happens , then something else happens , then over and over again . The story of the friendship between Reuven and Danny is told well , but besides that , it was horrible .
 This book was a required reading for my school , the book was too slow , and repetative at some points . It took to long to get from conflict to climax , to much beating around the bush .
 Although this book 's story moves along well , it is pointless . I found reading this book a task instead of fun . I should have picked a shorter book as to not waste my time on this .
 in my opinion , The Choosen is a good hook , but not nearly as good as some others that I have read ! This novel taught me a lot about the Jewish religion in general , mostly because of Danny and Reuven 's differences in opinion . It can drag at some points though ! For instance , when Danny and Reuven are forbiden to see each other ! And from the time when they begin colleage to the ending , there are some parts where little action takes place ! That 's why I gave it three stars !!!!
 i was not only dissapointed about this book but bored with every moment of it . It did not draw me into it for one minute and if i had n't of had to read it for school i would have stoped reading after the first chapter .
 Although it has many lessons to teach people about , it is long and filled with too much description . Any young reader is destined to fall asleep while reading it . If you are not compelled to read it you should not because you probably wont make it through it .
 The chosen is written by chaim potok . I did n't like the book because it seemed a little unrealistic . I could n't really relate to the book , because i 'm not familiar with Jewish culture and I do n't know any Jewish terms . I myself like action books and do n't care for any boring Jewish books . there are facts that show that Hasidic people do not get along with other cultures they keep to themselves . So why would Danny try to be friendly with rueven . I do n't think any parent would act like that to his child , and the child would be okay with it . I would of like the book if it was a little more exciting . I suggest this book to anybody Jewish or who is interested in Jewish culture .
 worst book EVER.The repetitive inanery of Potok 's prose made me want to scoop my eyes out with a dull melon-baller . sample dialogue : Davey
 All that happens is that the main character gets hit by a baseball in the first few pages . After that , nothing happens .
 I found this book to be completely boring . Do n't get me wrong -- it did have some good content , but it just was n't exciting . I like to read a book where there are some suprises that keep me reading . This book had none , which may be the reason I had difficulty staying awake while reading . THe first chapter caught my attention , with the baseball game , but from then on I was bored . I do not recommend this book -- SO TAKE THAT DORIS !
 This book was uninteresting . It was boring and uneventful . I felt it had a lot of unneccessary details that made the book even more unexciting and slow . The book had no meaning to me and I felt the ending was horrible . The author made led you believe that something would happen at the end because the rest of the book was not eventful . Instead , he just let everything go together ! BORING !
 After spending part of my summer vaction reading Chaim Potok 's novel The Chosen , I felt that I learned more about the Jewish religion , but I was also a little disappointed . The Chosen is a novel of two Jewish boys growing up under different Jewish customs in the 1940 's . Reuven Malter , the main character in the book is an Orthodox Jew , and Danny Saunders , the other boy is Hasidic . Since the two are different in religious ways , Danny being more serious about his beliefs , and Reuven being more relaxed , there is a lot of tension between the two at first , but they get around that and evolve to become best friends . I felt disappointed after reading this because I expected much more . It has wonderful reviews , so I expected non-stop excitement . At times the book was fun to read and interesting , but most of the time it was rather monotonous.I give this book two of five stars .
 I was excited to read this book as a highschool requirement because I thought it would be interesting and challenging , but I was severly disappointed . The theme of the book and many ideas intertwined in the plot are unique and interesting , but the author barely goes into any detail . The character development is extremely poor and the following statements support my criticism . Danny , a strict Hasisic Jew is not expected to share his innermost feelings . Yet when he confides in his best friend , Reuven , and tells him how utterly trapped he feels ; Reuven replies with silence . The author does not compensate for the lack of dialogue by explaining the importance of Reuven 's silence or his feelings . The novel also does n't clearly show the growing relationship between Reuven and Danny . In every situation , they put their schoolwork before their own wishes . It is understandable that they do this because of the confinements of their culture , but they do not even question it ! Another example is when Reuven 's father is hospitalized , and Reb Saunders ' welcomes him into his home . Is Reuven surprised at such a friendly gesture from what he knows to be a stern man ? And when Reb Saunder 's is somber and is even seen with tears on his cheeks , what are Danny and Reuven 's reactions ? Are they upset at the man 's obvious depression ? None of these answers are expressed through the characters in this novel . Readers , remember the attraction between Dany 's sister and Reuven ? When Reuven finds that she is betrothed to someone else , what does he feel ? Nothing ? Of course the society in which he as grown up would not permit him to address a situation like this to his friend , but what about his personal thoghts ? The characters have sparsely any debth at all . As one is reading The Chosen , they should ask themself if what happens to the characters is of any importance to them . Can the reader clearly see how the character 's are feeling ? ''
 This book is about a Jewish boy and how he grows up in a small Jewish ghetto called Williamsburg in Brooklyn during the era of the holocaust . In this story young Rueven Malter must face the challenges of growing up in a strict and powerful Jewish society . During the length of this story Rueven meets the son of a highly respected Jewish rabbi . The two boys become best friends after an unfortunate baseball accident . Even though their parents have different views of how and what holy things occur , the boys manage to remain friends until college when they are forbidden to see each other . This story however ends with the two back together . Personally I thought the subject was interesting , but was told in an uninteresting way . The author took too much time discussing Jewish history and costums that he did n't really explain enough of Danny and Rueven 's lives . After finishing this story I am still wondering what the writer 's reason for creating this book , what was he trying to get across ? Mabey I spent too much time trying to pick out the details of the boy 's lives to understand what was happening . If you are the kind of person who enjoys reading things in which the writing is mechanically correct than this would be your book . The mechanical writing was perhaps the only thing that really reminds me of this book , other than that I am surprised that the Jewish philosophy did not interest me .
 I hated this book when I had to read it for school , but it did help me understand when my best friend 's parents would n't allow me in their house because I was n't Jewish . I was only allowed in the garage , and my best friend had to fight to allow that much access . I ca n't imagine what it was like for blacks ... segregation sucks .
 The book was very inspiring and motivational . It was very hard to read . It took a very long time to get into the book . I almost gave up reading it but I had to see why other reviews that I read spoke so highly of it . Once I finished the book I realize why . It was about true friendship and how it can last through anything . It was also about a young man and his thirst for knowledge , and the lengths he had to go to to reach his final happiness . It inspired to to follow my dreams , and decide my future for myself .
 it was ok ... if you dont have to read it for school then DONT READ itother than that it was ok : -RRB-
 Nothing in this book made sense . The friendship between the boys is a good prompt for a story , but the events leading up to it are clumsy . Danny Saunders has absolutely no reason to befriend Reuben Malter ; when they first meet , he calls him an `` apikoret '' -LRB- heretic -RRB- , then feels bad when he hits him in the eye with a baseball . What exactly is Danny 's reason for wanting Reuben as a friend ? Does he need an outsider to talk to ? Is he looking to learn about the outside world?This business of `` raised in silence '' is absolutely alien to me or any psychologist , Jewish or otherwise , that I 've inquired . A central part of the book is that Danny Saunders is `` raised in silence '' with his father never speaking to him . I 've known psychologists who found disorders and habits unique to Hassidic Jews in Eastern Europe , but none of them ever encoutered this problem . Chaim Potok simply crafted a load of hokey to give the book a bit more jive.If you 're a gentile and you want to learn about how Ashkenazi Jews think , do n't read this book .
 This book is based on teenagers . In todays society children can not relate to the characters of this book , The Chosen . I believe that I should have enjoyed this book a lot more if I were able to understand what the characters were going through emotionally . I felt the author would help me understand , unfortunatly this is not the case . When I first heard of this book , I thought I would like it , because I too am Jewish . As I started to read it though , I felt as though it were extremely boring . I was hoping for it to be abook were I would n't want to put it down . but as I found out I would simply try anything to aviod it . I hope others readers have abetter feeling about this book , and it enjoyed it
 The Chosen , by Chaim Potok , was a great book about two Jewish boys from different sects of Judaism . Reuven Malter , one of the main charchters from the book gets hit in the head with a baseball by Danny Saunders , one of the Hasidic boys during a baseball game . Throughout the book , Danny and Reuven become good friends . The two boys do alot of things together , such as study torah and Talmud . Not only is this book about the boys good friend ship , but also about the relationship of father and son . But because of the different beliefs of both their fathers , the boys are not allowed to see each other . This book , demonstrated friendship and helped educate people on the Jewish Religion .
 The Chosen seems very unrealistic and unbelievable . Some times , Chaim Potok uses Jewish words that only people who are Jewish or study Judaism could understand . Potok uses a word and then a few pages later gives a brief definition of that word . The book brings up the topic of Danny and Reuven 's friendship and how odd it is that the two could be so close . Potok discusses this far too much in this novel and it seems very unrealistic . When teenagers get caught doing things that they are not allowed to do by their parents , they usually get reprimanded and have some type of punishment . In this novel the parents do not ask as most parents would . However , this book gives great details on how Hasidic Jews act , what they wear , and how they follow the Talmudic Laws . This book gives the reader a great insight on how all of these aspects affect how they run their lives . This novel helped me understand more about Jews and their beliefs on how they lives there life based on the Torab .
 This book is ok ... it teaches important life lessons , but the whole book is a waste of time and too long to read . I found it to be very very boring and didnt want to finish but i had to for a school report
 For your convinience , I will now boil down The Chosen into one easily readable paragraph : `` I can hear silence , '' Danny said sadly . I went over and gave him a big hug . After that we went for a long walk . We walked for about two hours . We walked at a medium pace . While we walked , we talked about the Torah . Danny does four blat of the Torah a day ! Danny 's so smart , I can only do two blat . After that we went to Danny 's house and argued with his dad . We argued about the Torah . Then I went home and cried.Now imagine if this paragraph was two hundred pages long . That is pretty much all The Chosen is .
 I have heard for years how good this book is . It never looked particularly interesting to me personally , so I put it off and put it off . I finally got around to picking up a copy , and was pleasantly surprised for the first 75 pages or so . It did engage me . And then ... what I expected
 The chosen was very boring and uneventful . It was this happens , then something else happens , then over and over again . The story of the friendship between Reuven and Danny is told well , but besides that , it was horrible .
 The Chosen by Chaim Potok is about two boys , Reuven Malter and Danny Saunders , who meet at a baseball game , when Danny accidentally hits Reuven in the eye with a baseball , and Danny and Reuven become instant friends.While they are friendly , they have some problems . I thought that the book was a good portrayal of how good friends should always stick together , but I found that the author , Chaim Potok is confusing at times . He used Hasidic and Hebrew words that the reader if not Jewish might have difficultly understanding.The book was good for someone Jewish ; otherwise , it was a flop .
 The person who I ordered this from took the money and never sent the product . I 'm in the process of trying to get my money back !!! Never use them !!!
 like most people , i was forced to read the book for school ... let me just say , if you have insomnia , i recommend this book ... itll put u rite to sleep
 Ignor all of the other reviews cause this is the truth . What kind of a book is about a friendship . Its so boring he does the same thing every day and its seems to last forever . It seemed to have no problem in the book til the last 25 pages . It really blows !
 I had to read this book for my Honors Social Sudies class but everyone hated the book with so much passion that the teacher said we did n't have to finish it . I , however , am one of those people who ca n't stand not finishing a book once it 's started , so I strugled through the ending . This book is basically meaningless , confusing , and most of all BORING !!! All there is is all these Jewish tems I did n't get , and the book basically went no where fast and was pointless . I do n't mean to disrespect any Jews out there , I just do n't get the Jewish termenology . What is a Tora anyway ??? Well that 's basiclaly it except I think everyone but Jewish people should avoid this book !!!!
 Oh - wow - a softball game . It is just amazing the way chaim potok can make something such as softball turn into death and gore.This is sooooooo exiting !!! Its almost as god as resident evil , only it is really boring and a waste of treesif i wanted to read about jews , i would read the bible , and if i wanted to read about softball i would read some biography ... even that is more fun than this bookdo not waste money OR trees unless you must get this for school . it is BADby the way , im 14 not 12 , i just didnt feel like getting an accounthave a nice day -LRB- unless you are willingly reading this in which case
 I picked up the Chosen because it was assigned to my son for his summer reading program , for fifteen-year-olds . The first chapter describing a heated baseball game had potential for capturing a young readers attention . However , the terminology , the in-depth history , the passive conflict , and the lack of action soon gave way to tedium . Yes , it contrasts Jewish sects and compares relationships with fathers , but to get to that point is almost as mind numbing as a marathon Talmud lesson ! Lets challenge and inspire , not overwhelm and bore our students .
 Actually I 'd probably give it 2 and a half stars . I did finish it . But inbetween I read a true crime murder story . I found the style of writing a bit elementary and hard follow . Especially the first 2 years with Blondie . Lots of blank spaces in this book , so maybe it really does live up to the title .
 It would be almost impossible to have lived through the time period and cultural place that Valentine did and not have a few interesting stories to tell . Unfortunately he reveals himself as a not very likable character . He credits himself with Blondie 's success - although he only played on their first album . Nasty jabs at the other members of Blondie , as well as complete disregard for a former girlfriend and sick child , make for very unpleasant reading at times - vitriol and envy seem to be the driving force behind his writing . Still , it 's a least a better book thanTurn Off Your Mind
 I had hoped this book would provide more detail on TPS , but it is very light on any detail and glosses over many points . After you have read The Goal and are use to its style of teaching manufacturing principles in the context of a novel , this book leaves you feeling really disappointed .
 This book took about an hour and a half to read , and while quick , it was n't worth the effort . The LEAN portion of the book was vague with little explanation , the characters were shallow and unrealistic , and the details in the book were pretty pointless for the most part . While it was n't terribly written , it seemed very rushed and I gained little to nothing from having read it . A textbook would have been more informative , and a true novel would have been more interesting . Save your time and do n't bother with this one .
 I never write book review but had to in this case.Why I Hate Israel
 An Israeli kid must have been mean to Priya Gandhi-Ganesh as a kid , and she has held on to that anger.Why I Hate Israel
 Congratulations to Priya Gandhi-Ganesh for writing the most vicious , dishonest , and trashy hate literature I 've ever reviewed . I 'm curious to see how many antizionists will , realizing how bad she makes them look , claim that she is a Zionist plant.Given the title , I wondered if the book might be innocent and humorous . But it turned out otherwise . The author says she is concerned about human rights . It seems to me that if she gets her way , she 'll get rid of those rights . Here 's some of what she says about Israel : `` The State of Israel has a racist ideology in Zionism , happily played the role of modern colonial oppressor , and bullied the Middle East . Israel represents all that is evil in the world today . All freedom-loving individuals with a sense of human rights and social justice are ethically obliged to hate the oppression and injustice that Israel perpetuates and executes . `` This puts Gandhi-Ganesh at odds with me . I 'm a Pagan and a Polytheist . And I am a strong supporter of truth , justice , and human rights . That 's why I am a Zionist . Zionism is simply Jewish nationalism . As such , it demands human rights for all , including Jews.The author tells us that Zionism is racist and oppressive . But that 's a lie . She then argues that non-Jews do not belong in Israel , which makes it racist . But that 's not true either . She also falsely accuses Israel of threatening World War Three , and she falsely accuses Zionism of being responsible for the mass murder of Jews in World War Two . Overlooked in all this is the right of people , even if they are Jews , to live on this planet and to move to new homes . I would make this right even stronger when the homes are in the homeland of that people , where the main language is of that people.Gandhi-Ganesh then says that Israel oppresses Catholics and Muslims . Wow . Considering the difference in sizes of these groups and the historical record , that 's like saying that a weak lynch mob victim is the one who is oppressing the lynch mob . She praises the anti-Israeli stance of the Vatican . She praises `` resistance '' to Israel by the Arabs . I wonder what she thinks of the German National Socialists , and their willingness to , um , stand up to the Jews just a little more than six decades ago.She 's a Hindu , and I would have hoped that she would be against bigotry by the Catholic Church . But that bigotry is directed against Jews and against Israel , so she likes it.Her history of the conflict is way off . She implies that there was a Levantine Arab state which was destroyed by modern Israel . But there was n't . She says that Jews could have returned to Jerusalem after 70 AD , but chose not to . In fact , Jews always found ways to return to Jerusalem . After all , it was the Jewish capital , and they found ways to keep a presence there , no matter how strongly they were persecuted . And in the 1870s , Jews became a majority in Jerusalem , even though there were very few Jews in the rest of the Levant . By the time of the UN partition of the British Mandate , Jews were a bigger majority in Jerusalem -LRB- which the UN wanted to set aside for ten years as a neutral city -RRB- , and Jews were a majority in the Jewish portion of the partitioned Mandate territory.The author says that Arabs are magnanimous , have always treated the Jewish minority in the Levant kindly , and are willing to share land , while the Jews are stingy . That 's false . She implies that the Israeli Jews are some sort of fanatical demons , whose only desire is to launch a suicidal attack on innocent Levantine Arabs . But in fact , allowing Jews to have rights would not infringe on the rights of Arabs . And the truth is that the Jews simply want to exist and want to have the rights of life , liberty and property . They came to the Levant and worked hard to make the land more valuable , draining swamps and making the deserts bloom . Peace and cooperation would be a big victory for the Jews and they know it . That 's what Gandhi-Ganesh is fighting against . And she loves to single out the Israelis for condemnation , while dismissing all charges against those who are real problems.Some people mention that there has been a long history of attacks on Jews by European Christians . So does the author . But she has the nerve to boast about it ! Rather than conclude that all this bigotry is counterproductive , she concludes that Jews ought to give up now ! Well , if a big and wicked gang were after me -LRB- or , say , against all Pagans -RRB- , intent on depriving me of my property , liberty , and life , I would not give up . Even if the odds were against me , I 'd try to find some decent people who could become allies . And one day , we might fight back and even win equal rights for ourselves.Gandhi-Ganesh has a closing chapter about bullying . That is topical . I can not stand bullies . And I will not apologize for my opposition to lies , injustice , and tyranny . I 'm more than a little annoyed to see the arrogant way in which the Arab world , often with the support of the European Union and much of the rest of the international community singles out Israel , bans Jews from living in much of the Middle East , boycotts Israeli goods , lies about Israel in the media , bans Israeli athletes from the Mediterranean Games , applauds anti-Israeli terror , teaches anti-Israeli lies in schoolbooks and college texts , and threatens Israel for daring to exist and for permitting Jews to have human rights there.The author is a bully who is taunting those who support social justice and human rights .
 The book is garbage . I wo n't comment on it since the author first off has a huge bias . But more importantly , she is a complete ignoramus.It is interesting to note that in the last two months , there have been a lot of reviews . But all of these people have the same writing style and none of them have written more than two reviews.Obviously , someone out there wants to boost the reviews on this toilet paper.Don ' t believe it . This is a worthless book .
 Garbage , pure and simple . The author did n't even try to research the subject.I wonder if there are other countries that can be mentioned in a context like this . Why I hate India ? Why I hate Pakistan ? Why I hate Iran ? Strange , did n't encounter this kind of books.Does the literature with the word `` hate '' in its title qualify as hate literature ? I want to see a person who claims that it is an objective investigation of the reasons .
 Hatred of an entire group or country is unconsionable , regardless of who you are or what group you hate.If someone wrote a book called `` Why I Hate India '' or `` Why I Hate Hindus '' , it would rightly be decried as the basest of bigoted nonsense -- most likely by the author herself . Claiming that `` Gandhi-Ganesh argues from Hinduism , Christianity , International Human Rights , and ethics why her hatred is justified and even encouraged , '' is despicable . Decent Hindus , Christians and those involved in human rights know that none of these beliefs can ever legitimately be used to justify or encourage hatred.This does NOTHING to advance the cause of peace -- on the contrary , it can only serve to inflame prejudice.Amazon should be ashamed of selling and promoting such trash .
 To hate an entire nation , as Gandhi-Ganesh openly admits to doing here is called RACISM ! That is what it is . And to claim that your best friends are Jewish and that they also hate Israel , or that you hate Israel and not Jews as such does not change the fact that if you hate Israel and Israelis you are a RACIST . Anybody who is prejudiced against Israel and Israelis is as much a bigot as someone who is prejudiced against Jews per se , or for that matter against Blacks , Gays , Indians , Chinese , Moslems etc. . And do not say that you hate the State of Israel and not it 's people , because the state is the sum total of it 's people.As Judea Pearl says
 Out of all the books in this not very good series , this was probably one of the worst . Right behind Zorba the Hutt 's Revenge and Queen of the Empire of course . As much as I enjoy it when the characters wander around jungle planets , -LRB- my favorite -RRB- this book had an unbelievable plot , weak diologue , and an extremely childish writing style . And that Ken is a nice boy and all , but a complete geek . An attempt to relate to the `` normal kid '' who would be reading this book . Also the characters from the movies are either grossly exagerated , or practicly nonexistant . All of them are warped and and barely recognizabal as Star Wars characters , most of all Luke . Kids twelve and under , for whom this book is intended for , probably wo n't mind any of that , though , adult and teenage Star Wars fans , such as myself will probably find them boring and silly .
 This book is one of the worst Star Wars books I have ever read !!! There are n't any Jedi princes !!! And why does that Baji dude say everything in rhyme ??? Do n't you think that if there really was a `` Lost City of the Jedi , '' the Rebels would have found it when they made their base there ?? I advise you
 If you go into this book , or any part of the series expecting more than a lighthearted -LRB- simple and silly -RRB- storyline aimed for kids somewhere around 6-8 years old , you will be disappointed . My review is sort of a mashup of the first 3 books since together they are almost the same length as a regular novel , and that was as far as I could read without feeling the urge to remove them my digital library . They are also all done by the same two authors , Paul Davids and Hollace Davids so the ` feel ' is much the same throughout . I am going to do my best not to hate on this series , but I will give quite a few examples why this was the worst set of books I have read in years . I think the authors knowledge of the Star Wars universe consists of having watched the original trilogy once when it was first in theaters over 30 years ago , and then by brushing up by quickly flipping through an abridged Star Wars dictionary for a few characters names and places.Many of the main characters like Luke and Han just feel like different people with the same name . They do and say things that are out of character . In the second book , after finding the lost city of the Jedi , Han exclaims &#34; My Correlian buddies are not going to believe this &#34; . This makes no sense . Han never had many friends and seing as how the author knows Han is from Corellia , makes assumptions . In the movies and in many of the books , Han had few friends , and the ones he did were made after he joined the Alliance , or were known by first name , like Luke , or Lando . He never had so many friends that they were known as his buddies . Second , Han is also not the type of character to just brag about everything he does . If he is that type of person , it would be about a specific accomplishment , like say , helping the alliance twice blow up the Death Star . Even if he had all these miscellanious buddies the author talks about , why would n't they beleive him ? He stumbled upon some lost city that also happens to be on a moon that has some Jedi or force using history . I would think they would have more trouble beleiving that he shot Darth Vaders tie fighter down.The author does something that every write who delves into Sci-fi and fantasy knows not to . He makes references to real life things on more than one occasion . In the second book , there is kid talking about finding cats and dogs that are noted in the Jedi archives . Later on the author talks about a Bantha as being the size of an elephant . Maybe that is how kids books are written , but I found it to be piss-poor writing . He also mentions ` computer notebook ' . There are many ways to say ` portable computer ' and still sound sci-fi ish . He may as well say that an X-Wing is half the size of a NASA shuttle or that the stormtroopers rifle shoots through armor as well as an AK-47 . You simply do not mix reality with fantasy as it ruins the illusion . Many Star Wars books have done it better , such as the word &#34; Coffeine &#34; , which is a mashup between coffee and caffeiene . You know what what it is and even if you eyeroll a little on the combination , it is still not a direct link to something so real . It is also done very well in other books like on the word flimsiplast , or flimsi . This is meant to be paper , or some type of thin material to write on , but still keeps you immersed in the Star Wars universe without a mundane explanation or some realistic comparison.Next up we have simple unoriginality . In the first book there is reference to two different aliens with 3 eyes . The names are Triclops and Trioculous . Yeah . I guess it is a good thing there was n't a 3rd three eye alien or it would be named Triumph or Triceratops or something else equally unoriginal . There is also quite alot of acronyms used . Yes , this is a regular thing in the Star Wars universe , but it feels overboard . From TNT 's to SPIN . The acronyms are not only bad , but spelled out telling you &#34; SPIN is short for Senate 's Planetary Intelligence Network &#34; . A decent author is able to work in an acronym 's long name without spelling it out directly . There are also HSD 's -LRB- Housekeeping specialist droids -RRB- and JDT 's -LRB- Jawa Droid Traders -RRB- . I mean really , why not just say Jawas ? Though this is a kids book so I suppose I will be lenient on this one . There is also a Homework Correction droid ... ugh . There was alaso a reference to a secret code in one of the books JE-99-DI-88-FOR-00-CE . Again , I suppose I have to cut it some slack for being a kids book , but I did a major eyeroll on this one.Next up we have continuity problems - Darth vader has an indestructible glove ? Ummm , ok , sure why not . Banthas on Yavin ? I suppose that is possible , though unlikely . There is a reference to a few neighboring towns near the Alliance temple on Yavin . I suppose a small village might be set up but for the most part , Yavin was a jungle world with no indigenous sentient life forms and was a pretty secret place to begin with . The fact that there would be a few well populated towns nearby seems a bit overstated . In the 3rd book it talks about Jabba 's palace and how when Jabba died the palace was turned into a retirement home for aged aliens by the government of Tatooine . Really , the palace was taken back by the B'omarr monks , and I would highly doubt anyone wanting to live their last years in peace would want to do that in a place like that , that also happens to be quite a long distance away from any well populated area . And then the idea that there is an actual government for all of Tatooine ? Possible but again , doubtful.Overall the writing is simple and silly and truly meant for very young children . Much of the continuity does not align well with other books and too many times as I was reading this I laughed out loud at either the absurdity of plot or character actions , to cringing at how bad the writing was . The Star Wars fan in me wants to keep reading the last 3 books but quality issues aside , this is too far out of the normal Star Wars universe to be considered extended extended universe or even alternate universe .
 The Lost City of the Jedi , a book that continues on from it 's equally horrible predecessor The Glove of Darth Vader , has the same style and immature characteristics that prevent it from developing any real enjoyment .
 I was extremely disappointed in this book . There is some useful info/discussion in it , if your an absolute beginner to music theory but it is way too lean for someone who is anywhere beyond a couple of introductory lessons and way too confusing/meandering for someone who is a beginner . Your time would be better spent reading something else ... Like the other reviewer , I was extremely annoyed by the fact that while Rooksby has a seemingly encyclopedic knowledge of Guitar Riff History -LRB- he cites an insanely large and diverse number of artists and songs when discussing various points -RRB- and cites a huge number of examples , NONE of those examples are presented in musical format . They are discussed verbally at a high level with little technical detail and , as such , it is rarely clear which portion of the song Rooksby is referring to or why it is related to the chapter 's core concept since he quotes no actual music . The closest he gets when discussing examples is he will sometimes mention a chord change in the riff he 's trying to cite . I mean this is a joke . The artists and songs cited are so diverse as to be obscure , also . So , you 'll certainly be unfamiliar with many of the pieces discussed.Oh yes , and I would estimate well over half of the book consists of these confusing , vague non-examples . The actual theory is very thin . Rooksby seems to have confused intervals with riffs in the first half of the book and scales in the second half . It 's sort of ridiculous actually that this even managed to get published . The title is extremely misleading and the concept of a ` Riff ' that is presented here is not really what I think most other guitarists even consider it to be -LRB- most players I know think Riff == `` Rhythm Figure '' -RRB- . Another HUGE problem
 The description of the book `` illustrate them with 150 inspired examples '' is very misleading . The author talked about 150 riffs . You are supposed find the actual riff tabs somewhere else . After buying this book , you may need to buy another 100 books to find the 150 riffs the author discussed about . Skip this book .
 I thought this book would be current on hardware , but the coverage of many important parts like 100mhz motherboards , the AMDK62 , AGP , and DVD were inadequate . Instructions were skimpy and the lack of figures and graphics left me guessing alot . The author supplies very little background material for any part of the PC . I guess he thinks you are supposed to know it already . This book is not for the beginner and I am sure the experts do n't need it . I 'm looking for a better book .
 Very , very disappointing book . The projects are not creative or original . In fact , they look sloppy . Everything looks thrown together , as if they are craft projects in the first stage . No artistic touches of any kind . A tacky looking Papier-Mache window box ; some spray painted rocks throw in a planter ; shells , buttons and cutouts glued on various things . The only interesting project was a tear shape planter and a soccer ball used for a planter . Neither were original ideas !!
 Of ~ 550 pages , the first 270 are a light overview of various C++ features , STL , UML , patterns , and frameworks.The CORBA part starts on page 271 and includes a light overview of the OMG , OMA , and CORBA , a little bit about IDL and how it 's mapped into C++ -LRB- but only very superficial -RRB- , two chapters on dynamic aspects -LRB- Any , TypeCode , IFR , DII -RRB- , one chapter with an overview of CORBA services and a short example on the Naming Service.The last four chapters talk about frameworks . They talk about design patterns , metadata , a bit about services and facilities , and refactoring.Overall , I was disappointed . For one , the book is out of date . -LRB- For example , there is no mention of the POA -RRB- . But more importantly , the lack of focus was disturbing to me . It seems to be a case of a little bit of everything and nothing in detail . I did n't see the point of the first half of the book in particular . What 's the point of explaining what the new operator does or how a virtual function works ? That 's basic stuff that everyone who uses C++ will know as a matter of course . Yet , at the same time , there is n't enough info to actually learn C++ if you do n't know it already.To me , the first half of the book was largely a waste because its neither here nor there . -LRB- There are many better books on C++ that explain these things properly if you need to learn C++ -RRB- . Of course , I 'm severely biased when it comes to the second half of the book , so take this with a grain of salt . But I was left with the impression that lack of focus was the main problem . If you do n't know CORBA with C++ already , you are not told enough to learn it . If you do know CORBA with C++ already , the coverage of services , patterns , frameworks , etc is likely to leave you dissatisfied because it is too superficial to teach much you wo n't already know.Overall , I 'd say it teaches just enough to make you dangerous ...
 Every topic it discusses , C++ , CORBA , design patterns , frameworks etc. is discussed in a superficial manner.A person who has any knowledge of the topics will find that they learn nothing new reading this book . A person who has no experience in any of the topics will not learn enough to do anything usefull.Frankly , this book falls into the category that all too many new technical books falls into . One gets the feeling that the reader is suposed to take notes using a crayola .
 I am thoroughly dissappointed with this book . I purchased it because I am in the middle of a project that requires the use of CORBA . I am now purchasing another book , since this one did not cover the topic in enough depth to make me comfortable with the technology.I would consider the book an overview of framework development . It attempts to cover enough material to allow C programmers to transition to C++ OOP . It wastes a lot of time rehashing the same points repeatedly , which gets real tiring after the 10th time you 've read the same point . Since it tries to cover so much material , it fails to obtain the necessary depth in any of them . It teaches just enough to whet your appetite for a better book.Finally , the title is misleading . It is not an advanced book , since it only covers the basics of C++ , OOP , UML and CORBA .
 This book only provides an overview of the product , and should be not used as an administration guide.It contains a good coverage of topics , although the level of detail is inconsistent . For example , the author spends 4 pages explaining how to create an FTP script ; whereas more relevant topics are barely touched on.Another dislike I have is that the material and the examples cover a Sybase implementation . Most PeopleSoft implementations are on Oracle .
 Unfortunately , there are simply not very many good resources for PS admins out there . The only upside is that the ERP structure of the system is not so bad that you ca n't muddle through on your own.This book was pretty much a waste of time . It meandered through several short chapters that basically amounted to ` hey we got it right ' without bothering to explain exactly what said magic formula is . The source examples were uncommented and poorly explained , and really did n't shed any light on ADMINISTRATION -LRB- that IS was this was about right ? -RRB- anyway . Some discussion of an RDBMS other that Sybase would have been nice , considering maybe 80 % of PS installations run Oracle . That and the lack of performance tuning discussion of any kind , peopletools included , really kinda left me amazed . Of particular note , several of the . sqr examples were obvious performance problems for most RDBMS platforms , where they repeatedly scanned multiple tables with obfusicated and overly verbose WHERE clauses to reach an end . Ughhh.The one redeeming factor is that it 's perfectly suited to fit under the edge of my office door .2 thumbs down .
 I bought this book , opened it once , and put it back on the shelf . It provides so little depth and detail that it is almost useless . For a brand new technical person I 'm not sure this book would be valuable , but it does provide a high level oversight of the workings of the system and would be useful for a Project Manager new to the PeopleSoft area .
 This book covers numerous topics , but did not go into depth on each . It definitely serves well as a check list of deliverables and guidelines for a successful implementation .
 A good book to have in your PeopleSoft library . It does give someone with a -LRB- very -RRB- good understanding of Database Administration a heads up about `` PeopleSoft '' and how to implement and plan integration with -LRB- different -RRB- Hardware Platforms.As a seasoned DBA , I found the book lacking in depth and concentration on configuration and performance issues.A good start but more is needed .
 I 'll just go ahead and label myself so some can dismiss my opinion
 This is my first Clement-Davies book and as a grandmother and fantasy book lover , I read books for enjoyment and to be able to `` connect '' with my grandchildren through books . I thought the writing to be interesting but not a page-turner ; goes a bit slowly . I will not share this book with my grandchildren . As most fantasy books , there is magic and wizardry , but this one specifically targets Jesus and Christianity and I can not recommend for Christian families with children . As a whole book , it is not even entertaining enough to recommend period . I will read one of this other books for a fair comparison of his writing skills .
 What a major disappointment but I guess its because anything with a title related to secrets lures one to buy expecting that but it seems like ninety percent of this book has little but rehashed knowledge that can found in many other source books . What one would expect at least is that there should be sections on the major disorders like hypertension , diabetes , thyroid problems , seizure disorders , and so forth . There are none . The contract stuff and the icd coding can be found online and printed from many sites . Furthermore , most computer programs do the icd coding automatically now so the attention to this is debatable versus other things not included . I can not tell you how much I feel like I wasted my money . There 's even seemingly ` serendipity ' sections on lesbian care and borderline disorder as if from out of the blue which might lead one to expect a section on homosexual care or even male care problems and more about psych problems . I do n't understand the gaps and deletions . Maybe they should have named it Some Nurse Practitioner Secrets About Some Things but even that would be stretching the truth . It certainly seems incomplete and misdirected in its scope and so far the main secret I 've found but as of yet have n't found an answer for is why the title uses the word secrets ! Save your money . The person who is asking for three hundred dollars of so for this used copy is way off in my opinion . I paid 24.99 and still feel cheated !!!
 Originally , I had purchased a WROX book of the same subject matter . It was horribly painful to read . So , I made sure that I spent time reading some of this book prior to buying it.The good news is that Sarknas does a really great job at explaining the high-level theoretical concepts and gives a great walking tour of VWD . However , when it comes to the details and the tutorials , this book breaks down . I found a dozen errors in the few few pages , some crucial errors . I wrote to the publisher listing a lot of the errors and asked if there was an online update . Their reply was basically to wait for the 2007 edition.I think Apress rushed this book out before Microsoft even finished delivering the product because some features of the software do n't even exist - Microsoft changed direction and does not support SQL Server Express Manager , for example . So , I 'm stuck trying to figure out alternative techniques and procedures to accomplish certain tasks so I can stay up with the tutorials.I think by the time I 'm finished I could probably write my own tutorial . I 've found myself going back and forth between the Wrox book and the Apress book in an attempt to piece things together . Rick Delorme , the technical reviewer , obviously did n't go through the tutorials.Very disappointing . My two star rating is generous .
 THIS IS BAD NEWS !!!! LOTS OF INFO LEFT OUT , PICS IN BOOK DO NOT CORRESPOND TO SCREENS OF VWD , BOOK SAYS DATABASE SCRIPTS ON WEB SITE , BUT NOT THERE . APRESS IS STARTING TO LOOK LIKE `` WROX '' AND THAT AI N'T GOOD !!!!!
 I realize how difficult it is to cover a sofware package like Visual Web Developer in just 300 pages . Nevertheless this is not a book for beginners . Understanding of HTML , Visual Basic , SQL and OOP is a must if you want to get something out of this book.I have found the book to be dissorganized and jumping from topic to topic ; at least I can not follow the logic from the authors . For instance out of the blue on page 8 a code example of a class is given . The example is explained in just one page.Also the needed software to get started is not clearly pointed out from the beginning ; more downloads are mentioned as needed . A CD would definetely have been handy.Chapter 2 covers the graphical interface in detail ; I would have preferred this to be condensed to make room for more critical information.The code in the book is hardly explained and essential commands and topics are not explained at all ; for instance ` handles ' , ` events ' , ` runat ' just to name a few.Overall very dissapointing and I would rank this zero stars if I could .
 The book would ahve been good except before you even get into the material very good there are problems with wrong answers or very confusing explantions . If this much is wrong at the beginning what about later in the book when you get into the stuff you do n't know .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Thankfully , Braun 's insane belief in a widespread Satanic conspiracy has been debunked , and his license to -LSB- practice -RSB- medicine have been revoked . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Is That You , Winter ? Is about an old , grumpy man who has to get up every day to go out and make it snow . While driving his truck of snow around , he begins to wonder for whom he makes it snow . Upon returning from his long day of work , he has a terrible accident and finds himself lying helpless in the snow . While the story in this book is amusing and well written , the illustrations do not seem to add to the experience of reading this book . The artwork appears to have been done by a five-year old . The colors seem to have been simply thrown onto the paper with no concern for what it is meant to look like . At times , the illustrations convey no sense of the emotions in the corresponding pages , and overall it seems that the illustrations were a mere afterthought thrown onto the pages in a rush . Perhaps a different method of illustrating would have added more to the telling of this book 's story . However , even with the current illustrations , Is that You , Winter ? is an interesting , and amusing story .
 Tennison Tarb who works at the Earth embassy on Venus whose colonization was sold to an overpopulated Earth . Tennison , an undercover agent in disguise of diplomat , who tries to recruit pro-Venus people to the advertising side . In a guerrilla incident , he and her beloved one Mitzi gets almost killed . Tennison is called back to Earth . He finds the rules of advertising have changed . The advertising takes him unguarded and he becomes addicted to Moke-Coke . He becomes persona non-grata in his previous job ; an unreliable who can be seduced to do anything just to get his daily dose every 6 hour . In spite of his star grade status , he is sentenced to sell intangibles
 This book is very unreliable and possibly offers some disastrous information for a first time Grey owner that does not know any better ... the material is very outdated . With all the new information that is available today , this book suggest things that we know now to be harmful -- such as clipping only one wing , keeping a bird out in winter , etc. . . in it 's time -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , this book might have been imformative , as not much was known about Greys then , but is no longer of any use . I was very disappointed . For a more up to date book , with excellent and up to date information , I suggest `` Guide to a Well-Bahaved Parrot '' by Mattie Sue Athan .
 While this may have been a very good book in 1979 , the , avian information gained over the last 20 years makes these older book obsolete , if not down right dangerous . These older books should remain out of print . I would recommend a more recent publication including periodicals such as `` Bird Talk '' magazine with up to the minute articles from today 's -LRB- 1999 -RRB- experts . I 've kept African Grey 's for almost 10 years now .
 Pease do not buy this book ! My avian veterinarian advises that any book published prior to 1995 is so full of inaccuracies that you could actually damage your parrot following suggestions from the old book . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK ! Ask your avian veterinarian to reccommend helpful books to read about parrots !
 This book contains information that is know to be wrong today . I would never recommend this book to a new parrot owner or anyone else . There are much more informative and accurate books and periodicals on the market . I was extremely disappointed as I thought it would teach me how to teach my parrot to do tricks , etc. , but instead it teaches you about `` taming '' your wild-caught parrot .
 General Dann does n't understand the point of rebuilding because what they achieve will be lost and someone will have to rebuild again someday . Griot wishes Dann would act . The people still love Dann anyway . The book ends.This was the type of book that I finished because I was hoping the ending would be worth it somehow . It was n't , and I wanted to throw the book across the room when I had finished . The best that can be said is that it embodies Dann 's sense of futility in engaging in any action . And boy , does that NOT make for good reading .
 After the first novel , `` Mara and Dan , '' which was a stimulating foray into the Earth 's future , this novel was a disappointment . It seems as if Lessing had a gun held to her head forcing her to write a sequel or else , when in fact she had nothing new to say about these characters or the setting .
 The author obviously knows what he is talking about . However , he is quite inept at explaining to his reader what he is doing . In fact , he rarely tries . He just has sample code , helps you set up the java webserver , then has you run the code . It is more about webserver configuration than it is about servlet programming
 I flicked through this title in the bookshop , while looking for some good servlet titles . The coverage of this book is pretty shallow - for example their only mention of cookies is an API listing . Most servlet books cover cookies and session management , as well as more advanced -LRB- but related -RRB- servlet topics . I 'd highly recommend `` Inside Servlets
 Moss is good in JDBC , so nearly 1/3 of the book focus on JDBC instead of java servlets , if you are really want to learn servlets , do n't buy this book.As I said above , the book focus on JDBC , not servlet , so the material covered on servlet is not enough , especially for beginner , they may not even know how to get a parameter from a form.Read oreally or wrox instead , do n't buy this book if you really want to learn servlet . Only buy this when you like JDBC on java servlet .
 Sketchy coverage . I have gained very little from this book . There are much better books
 There simply isnt enough meat in this book . If you are looking for a quick overview then this will probably help . But if you are after in depth info on Servlets , you had better look elsewhere ...
 There 's nothing in-depth here , no good code examples , it 's crap , and it 's expensixe . I do n't know what I was thinking when I bought it , I should be shot ! I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 The book seems like a bomb someone dropped then ran . They leave no contact information for book updates , like they do n't want you to find them . After reading through it and using some of the code samples , I found they were terribly written . I also found completely false information inside . They state , and I quote `` The POST method on the other hand , causes the data to be encrypted and sent in a seperate transmission '' . - Which is completely false . If this is dead wrong , who knows what else in there is ?? This guy gives servlets a bad name ... where are the other servlet books ?
 I truely dislike this book . I 've been programming for many years , and programming in java for the past year or so . I love servlets , but i hate this book . apart from being absolutely useless , it 's also very expensive . I have not found it useful to solve any real problems.a good bet for someone who wants to learn how to write servlets would be to get the Servlet Tutorial from Javasoft , and go from there .
 OK for an overview , too much paper spent on JRun , and WebServer
 i was horribly disappointed ! i should have known that a book from the `` Java Masters '' series would n't be of any value ! i knew i should have waited for Java Servlet Programming from O'Reilly !
 Could be a lot better Very few examples and most of them similar to Javasofts tutorial Not worth the money Quarter of the book is API reference Couple of chapters are just advertisements of JRun No readme provided for executing indevidual examples Book writen in haste
 Nice pictures but if only they gave more in depth explanations to go with it . This book is for managers or people just interested in java servlets than actually writing code . It is of no use for programmers . You ca n't use it as a reference because there just is n't enough information to go by.Get Jason Hunter 's book . Its excellent !
 Begining Servlets 101 , JRUN , SUN 's JVM , some JDBC , too . But where are the real servlets issues such as session tracking , cookie , security , digital certificates etc. . . etc. . I have not had any practical use for the book since I bought it . Everytime I turn to it for some answers I end up with nothing . So it 's now a door stopper . The book SUCKs ! You 'd be a 1000 times better off getting Jason Hunt 's book on Java Servlets Programming -- that is the best by far .
 Do your research on the internet . You 'll be lucky if you break even . For get making a profit . I and many others purchased this book only to be scammed . Jake makes money selling advise in the form of books and other materials . My book was not worth the paper it was printed on . Forbes even had an article on what a scam Jake 's future trading is . Stay clear .
 trading results for specific a entry day and exit day are given . Since there are 250 -LRB- 5 times 50 weeks -RRB- trading days in a year , then there are 250 times 250 permutations . Which comes to 62,500 possible entry/exit combinations . Apply this to 20 commodities , over 10 years , and different contract months ... High probabilities can be found in a random population given such huge number of combinations or 62,500 x10 x20 = 1,250,000 Fortunately Jake only gives the the high probablility ones .
 Correct Mispronunciations of Some South Carolina Names Claude and Irene Neuffer University of South Carolina Press , Copyright 1983This collection of witty and informative sketches provides an entertaining and educational look at over 300 years of French Huguenot , German , Scotch-Irish , and other ethnic influence on family and place names in South Carolina.Although it is not an academic treatise , nor was it intended to be such , it is probably the only volume on the subject . However , there is a lack of thoroughness and research on the authors ' part to cover some of the more glaring examples of mispronunciation , most of which are places in the Up Country . For example , there is no mention of the Edgefield County town of Trenton , yet this is one of the most frequently mispronounced names in the state -LRB- by the way , it is pronounced `` TREN-nun '' ; the middle `` t '' is silent -RRB- . On the other hand , the Laurens County town of Clinton -LRB- correctly pronounced as `` KLIN-nun '' by the residents of that fine town ; similar to Trenton - the middle `` t '' is silent -RRB- is mentioned , but incorrectly pronounced by the authors as `` KLIN-tun '' . In addition , although the authors do point that Lancaster , my hometown , is often mispronounced as `` LAN-KAS-ter '' , they also miss the point by mispronouncing it as `` LANG-kus-tuh '' , instead of `` LANGK-ester '' -LRB- spoken almost as one syllable -RRB- . Such seemingly inconsequential differences are like night and day to the folks who live there . In another case , the authors state that Catawba can only be pronounced correctly as `` kuh-TAW-buh '' , and definitely not as `` kuh-TAH-buh '' . Having spent more than 18 years within three miles from the Catawba River , I can assure the authors that both pronunciations are correct , accepted , and are used equally by the residents of Chester , Fairfield , Lancaster , and York Counties , whose boundaries abut this river.There also appears to be a definite Low Country bias towards pronunciation of names and places that end in `` er '' ; -LRB- i.e. , Chester , Haltiwanger , Eastover , etc. -RRB- . The authors cite , as the definitive pronunciation , the Low Country habit of slurring `` ers '' to become `` uhs '' ; -LRB- i.e. , CHES-tuh , HAWL-ti-WAHNG-uh , EEST-OE-vuh -RRB- . These pronunciations , unfortunately , could n't be further from the truth for most South Carolinians . The Low Country dialect is only present in a fairly small segment of South Carolinians ; the vast majority pronounce using the hard `` er '' . Perhaps this provincial view is continuing evidence , by the authors , of the controversial Low Country arrogance that has persisted in South Carolina for all 300 + years of its existence -LRB- note
 This book is simply a bound version of the VC help on OLEDB 2.0 . However , it is so lame that it does not cover any of the new Consumer templates which are included with VC6 . If you already have VC6 , then I would NOT reccommend this book . The Templates provided with VC6 are very powerful , but VERY poorly documented . However , this book will not remedy the problem . Also , what code examples there are -LRB- VERY few -RRB- , are rarely correct in their syntax . In my mind , that is unacceptable in a book that is supposed to help you in using new , cutting-edge technology . The opnly good thing about the book is that it does cover the data type enums and other various enumerated types . This is nice , since it is difficult to find adequate help on these topics using the online help.Overall , I believe this is NOT the book to get if you want to use OLEDB 2.0 !
 I 'm pretty new to DataBase programming , and this book is taking me nowhere . The sample code could only be interpretted by one who already knows OLE DB . Anyone out there know of a good book for DB programming beginers ??? I have a good understanding of MFC , COM , ActiveX , etc. . . I just need something to get going on creating custom OLE DB Providers .
 Please stop emailing me about books on OLE DB , I have NOT found any better books . Though , I have recently taken a decent course taught be DevelopMentor ... though , I 'm still not 100 % clear on writing providers .
 this is a very interested book a couple of my friends have this book . it is very well written and easy to read.how do i go about purchasing this book.please email me an answer .
 I bought this book long time ago hoping to learn Image Styler by myself , but It did n't help me . There is nothing in this book that was valuable whichI could n't figure it out by myself , or by the free tutorials available on the web.One important thing I figured out -LRB- and I am speaking for myself -RRB- is that Image Styler is not the kind of software that need proper training before being able to use it , every thing is ready made and so clear , except maybe for the Javascript rollovers.Don ' t waist your money on this book , or any book about Image Styler for that matter . Put your money on more powerful tools such as Photoshop or Flash
 I bought this book long time ago hoping to learn Image Styler by myself , but It did n't help me . There is nothing in this book that was valuable which I could n't figure it out by myself , or by the free tutorials available on the web.One important thing I figured out -LRB- and I am speaking for myself -RRB- is that Image Styler is not the kind of software that needs proper training before being able to use it , every thing is ready made and so clear , except maybe for the Javascript rollovers.Don ' t waist your money on this book , or any book about Image Styler for that matter . Put your money on more powerful tools such as Photoshop or Flash
 After waiting six weeks for this book to arrive I was sorely disappointed.At least 150 pages of trivia to say that this is an In Depth book is a joke . save your money . Overall I believe that Adobe should vet these types of books
 I recently bought this map as a guide for navigating around Belize . I was very disappointed to find that a good percentage of the roads in Belize are n't marked on the map . There does n't seem to be any pattern to the roads that are not marked , some are minor , some are more major . For example , the major road to Spanish Lookout -LRB- which is paved -RRB- is not shown at all . However , single track dirt roads to remote locations and are not through-roads are shown . The random nature of which roads are shown or not , as the case may be , make the map unreliable . The topographical information shown does however seem to be accurate .
 This map is out dated and does n't show many of the secondary roads . I lost this map the first day that I was in Belize , and never missed it . The free map from the department of tourism was just as helpful , if not as detailed .
 Mr. Conley has taken easy concepts & completely obscured them in arcane language that only a lawyer could love . I found myself lost in his description of things I already knew.Remember John , the goal here is not to prove that you know what your talking about , but to pass the knowledge on to new comers . Tip # 1
 What author names two books so closely ? Is it that complicated to encompass all of California in one book?I wanted to buy NORTHERN CALIFORNIA apparently . I guess I missed the `` SOUTHERN '' part in the book title.What is so complicated about putting all of California into one book ? Oh . . then the author ca n't chargefor two books . Got it.Guide to Southern California Backroads & 4-Wheel Drive TrailsGuide To Northern California Backroads & 4-Wheel Drive TrailsNow I get to find someone that will take the Southern version off my hands .
 This 14.95 PAMPHLET is totally overpriced . This zine is so basic that its almost not even like learning flamenco at all . Its a bit like trying to learn flamenco from someone who studied it by watching a video tape frame by frame and is trying to describe the steps to you . The castenets section looks usable , but then i do not know how to play the castenets . Also irritating is the fact that its not worth 14.95 ! At 3 dollars , this would be a decent extremely general introduction to the dance , ... its a total ripoff . The wait time is probably so that the printer can run off a copy on threr inkjet machine and send it out . -LRB- its a PAMPHLET ! -RRB- ps yes i take flamenco classes , hoping this would be a good complement . And its not .
 The book is just that-basics . Actually , it is very confusing . I would not recommend beginers buying this book , take a class instead . ... I would n't waste the money .
 If you are thinking about learning flamenco steps all you get are 2 pages with 18 steps , the first twelve are easier than real basic flamenco steps . You have to take classes or former experience in order to practice this steps , otherwise you will be doing something and wont come close to the real steps . Now again , if you have already taken flamenco classes this book is useless . The rest of the book are rather comments , brief advices and sketches to give you and idea of how is learning flamenco like . I consider this is an introductory classnotes handout but never a book . I would recommend you to keep searching or to buy a dvd .
 after running through the relatively few sms 2 books out there , i have to say that this is not one i 'd buy again . 1 -RRB- there are glaring errors such as incorrectly numbered screen captures which are integral to understanding the material . 2 -RRB- blatantly conflicting information such as where sms can be installed . the book actually lists sms will only work on a domain controller and pages later only to correctly state that member server is the preferred location . the sms administrator 's companion by steve d. kacmarek is better by far . that book provides hard to find tricks such as specifying the nic for use with remote control and well written and organized throughout . this book is fine for a relative knowledgeable sms person who wants to read through the book for a refresher course but for beginners , it will only confuse and misinform which goes against its ' purpose in the first place .
 My first reaction to this book is `` where was the editor ? '' Many of my criticisms of this book are forgivable problems for an initial draft , but should n't show up in a book on the shelf . For example , on page 10 , Mr. Wilkins says : `` Users who decide to hide software by renaming the EXE file will have no luck in their attempt to avoid detection , as the file header wo n't lie . Files can also be collected and then stored on the site server . -LRB- Ouch ! I guess noontime game playing is out . -RRB- `` This passage has a few problems . First , it 's trying to describe a nuance of software inventory that does n't belong in the introduction . Second , the file collection idea is out of context here . Last , of course , the first person comment about games is not only silly , but in bad taste.The book , at least the portions I got through before returning it , is filled with things like this . Cute comments can be distracting to a serious reader . Here 's another -LRB- page 2 -RRB- : '' ... SMS works tirelessly in the background , providing administrative support , and to the best of my knowledge , it will not ask for a raise or quit on you suddenly . `` Get serious - SMS is simply a product ; it does n't deserve to have personality ascribed to it . These attempts at casual tone are far too overt and serve no purpose.Another obvious problem is a relatively shallow depth of understanding . How about this quote -LRB- page xvii -RRB- : `` For years , -LSB- Novell 's -RSB- IPX protocol had been the standard in the computer industry . `` Right there I question just about everything else in the book , which has the feel of being generated based on other documents rather than real experience . You have to dig to find hard facts , and dig further to find those facts accurately described or applied.For this book , I 'd wait for the second edition if you 're looking to actually be an SMS administrator . It may be okay for non-administrators who are interested in the topic , but other titles are sure to give more concrete information to admins who are in the trenches day to day .
 Ok , all computer books are rushed to press . They have to hit the market asap after the release of a software - or they are outdated -LRB- especially with MS -RRB- in 6 months . But it did lack a good editor.The author does give conflicting info , and also try to find specifics in the book ! What is the chipset that is the minimum required by MS ! He mentions in passing maybe a 166 ? Then states you need a 450 . Well which is it . He could have used a better format as other books do - state the required MS hardware , then give the recommended real life needs . He also goes of on tangents that are not imperative to my knowledge of SMS - why explain for pages Windows 2000 and it 's use of trees , forests ... etc.The book is not a quick read - I want something that says what SMS is , what it will do , and how to do it in the fewest words possible . I have a stack of books to read and by gosh do n't need filler ! This book could easily have been half the size it is , and not lost the content.Ok it is also not something I would consider remotely being a book to pass the MS exams either . There are better books for that.Basically , if you have time to just read about SMS , the book is good info . But it is not concise in it 's approach . And it did put me to sleep once or twice .
 This book was extra credit reading for my Psychology class . I did not enjoy any of it .
 I was ready to put this book down after reading 25 pages . It was depressing as all get out . It was just one negative behavior after the other . I know part of my dislike for the book and all the characters is that I am not smypathetic -LRB- sp -RRB- towards self destructive people . However , since the book got so many reviews I decided to give it one more try and I began reading from the very last page forward . I managed to get through the book . Unfortunately , I still did not care for it . Sonny and his cohorts were predators in the neighborhood . I am a Black woman and I vaguely familiar with how a few people can wreck havoc on a neighborhood and cause they good people to want to flee.There were a few things that stuck with me out of all the violence and self destruction . One was Sonny 's attitude towards his parents . He ridiculed them because of their southern ways . Did he expect them to leave North Carolina and move to New York City and act as though they had a lobotomy and forget their past ? New York City and Sonny 's criminal past will be a part of him till he dies no matter where he lives.I did understand Sonny 's frustation at times to communicate with his parents when he became older . Sometimes talking with your parents can be just like talking to a wall . It is a useless and painful effort.His assessment of the Muslims , their behavior , and origins was really interesting . I already knew what type of folks where generally a part of the group . I agree with his assessment.If Manchild was published today it would definitely be under the urban/hood genre . What I got out of this book is `` thanky Lord I was n't raised in that environment ! '' Would I recommend this book ? My answer is to go with the majority of readers who loved it . As you can see , I am the odd woman out .
 I never had a issue with anything that I have ordered through Amazon . But I order a new book . I received a used book . I would like to return this book and get a new one . Could you PLEASE tell me if a new book is available ?????????? Before I return this book .
 Nancy Richards-Akers was a volunteer at Mount Vernon College , her alma mater , while I worked there and we got to be good friends . I think that this book suffers from the author 's only having interviewed a limited range of sources and very few close friends of Nancy 's . It in no way reflects the reality of what I knew of the situation . After having read this book , I have to say that I will never look the same way at any true crime book every again , knowing easily the story can be manipulated by the selection of the sources .
 I totally agree with the reader 's from Galena , Alaska and Canada.this was one of the worse true crime books I have ever read . It was more about the victim -LRB- whose was a writer -RRB- and the books she wrote and how long it took her to write them and how the poor thing had to take care of her kids when all she wanted to do was write . She had no time to clean house because she was so busy going to club meeting for her book club . Finally she just leaves her children and moves in with her boy friend whose mother is the same age as she is . Her husband was a jurk but she never should have left her kids . Now these kids have no parents because both of them are dead.She should have just taken her kids and gotten out . Many women do it all the time .
 The book was a disappointment , both in terms of the story itself and in the telling of the story .
 Ms. Pulitzer 's purportedly `` objective '' expose on circumstances surrounding the death of Nancy Richards Akers is nothing but tabloid fodder told from a single perspective . It completely glosses over vital facts .
 What more is there to say ? I like a book that grabs you and wo n't let go . This one put me to sleep . Want True Crime at it 's best ? Try
 this book was the only book I have purchased in true crime that I could not get into . I would be lucky if I read 10 pages . I only wish I could have returned it !
 Way too much detail and irrelevant backround information . Get to the action !
 This book is an self-indulgent rant . It 's telling that it was published by the Human Givens publishing house -LRB- i.e. presumably the authors self financing -RRB- because no decent editor would accept such rot . The ` Human Givens ' concept is repeatedly bandied about , but the whole concept is really a mishmash of psychological concepts that fits the authors pet views . This book has nothing to add to knowledge . It references the absurd , and leaves giant statements hanging ... . like ` givens ' . Avoid this book , unless you need source material about how not to write about something . Truly dreadful stuff ...
 i had the cassette tapes & the cd did not cover all that was on tapes or in book see you at the top complete rip off
 This is pretty dated ... it needs a good tune up . Pretty hard to read but maybe a good start for someone just making the move to success .
 I ca n't believe that Amazon would carry a book of such incredibly low printing and proofreading quality . I can handle a spelling mistake here and there but this book 's editing is atrocious - it was certainly not even given a cursory read by any human before going to press . Punctuation can be found randomly in the middle of sentences , parts of sentences are missing , words are misspelled right and left - so much so that it is very difficult to follow Chesterton 's arguments . This edition is not worth the money I paid for it , though I like Chesterton very much . I will be purchasing the book again - by a different publisher . Amazon should no longer carry anything by Wilder Publications .
 Great book , a classic , but ... It should be illegal for publishers to sell books with so many errors in it . There are mistakes on virtually every page
 This edition of the Chesterton classic , The Everlasting Man , has been so poorly proof-read that it has unintelligible passages , omissions , misspellings -- often several on a single page . Chesterton never used the word `` modem '' , but it appears over and over . Punctuation has been reduced to the point that periodic sentences seem to be run-ons ; commas and periods pop up is strange places . Is it sabotage ? I CA N'T GIVE THIS AS A GIFT , AS I HAD PLANNED ! `` Without my old paperback -LRB- Image Books -RRB- , I would find this incomprehensible .
 Do NOT buy this version of the book . The publisher did no proofreading . Finding spelling errors on the first few pages is a crime again G.K. Chesterton and insulting to readers.What a shame that Amazon.com continues to carry books by this publisher .
 The printing in this book is the smallest I have ever seen - almost unreadable . Also the book has hundreds of spelling mistakes . It seems every word that should start with ` h ' starts with ` b ' . How can this occur in the age of spell-checkers ? Chesterton deserves better . This printing is absolute garbage . The producers of this book should be ashamed of themselves .
 It is not possible to read this book because of many , many typographical errors and punctuation problems . READ THIS BOOK -- but get it somewhere else in a legible font with the actual words of the author . Amazon should not allow sales of this edition .
 This book looks interesting . Unfortunately , I never made it past the 2nd page which was missing 1/2 of a crucial sentence . Thank you to Amazon for accepting the return of this poorly edited work . I plan on purchasing an edition that has been proofread .
 I loved this book when i read it a twenty or so years ago , despite G.K. 's tendancy to write five paragraphs as one . He is witty , clever and demolishes the secular approach to history . -LRB- Especially how the discovey of a thigh bone and part of a skull proves that this guy wore no clothes , had no religion , used these tools but not those , and so on . -RRB- But I am going to have to reorder this one in large print edition , not owning a microscope .
 This rating has to do with this publisher and not the content of the book itself . The book is a classic , which speaks for itself in that many people have connected with it and found it interesting . The publisher on the other hand should be named `` the bottom of the barrel '' , `` instead of `` the bottom of the hill '' . They printed one page of a 12 page Introduction and the book has many typing errors which at time makes getting the meaning difficult . I suggest finding another version .
 The review is only concerning the physical copy of the book , not its content.This book is not formatted as a novel . There are two columns of print on each page , giving it the feel of a school workbook . Overall , if you are looking for an awkwardly large copy of this book with strange formatting , this is the version for you . If not , I suggest looking elsewhere . * After reading through the book , I found it was FILLED with typos . It was so bad in some areas that the text was rendered unintelligible . Once again , I would suggest looking for a different edition due to the shear carelessness taken when this edition was edited .
 I love Chesterton 's work . This is a great book . However , this particular version is riddled with typographical errors such as missing punctuation , misspelled words , and words that were simply transcribed incorrectly from the original , e.g. `` illogically '' appears when `` illogicality '' should appear.I have been reading this book with some friends in a sort of discussion group , and some of the others have versions from a different publisher in which none of these errors appear . I regret purchasing this version , and will probably end up ordering a different one . Chesterton is such a joy to read , and it is a shame to have to mentally correct typos while reading him .
 Like many other people who were taken in , I was shocked to discover that the entire Introduction had vanished `` somewhere '' -- terminated halfway down the first page with a question mark.The rest of the book is set in an awful font -LRB- think Courier 10 -RRB- and riddled with typos -- to such an extent that you actually wonder whether you are getting Chesterton 's thoughts . What does it mean for something to be called `` mook ? '' Is that the OCR software going crazy over `` meek '' or `` moo ? `` Obviously the book was never edited at all ; no editor could have possibly overlooked the missing Introduction.DO NOT BUY THIS MISERABLE THING .
 To read this edition of a classic is to weep . It is rife with typos , mispellings , omissions , with the occasional paragraph break where there is no grammatical or editorial reason for one . Better a good used edition than this !
 I received mine copy today and will return it . It does not have Chesterton 's Prefatory Note and the Introduction has been truncated from 10 pages -LRB- soft cover Doubleday -RRB- to three paragraphs ! I started to read it and two pages in I found a typo . Also , I am not pleased with the quality of the print.The Everlasting Man is a classic and should be read by everyone . It is a shame that the quality of this edition is so mediocre .
 Please read the other 1 star reviews . This book is quite good so far , but the editing is horrible . I will attempt to return it even though I am 1/4 of the way through and then find another copy to purchase . Words are frequently misspelled and punctuation is missing or misplaced . Wilder Publications appears to not be an entirely legitimate publisher which furthermore feels the need to add a legal disclaimer to Chesterton 's text . This is the same publisher that was in the news recently for adding disclaimers to the American founding documents . If you needed further evidence that the publisher did not do its job , a portion of the introduction is entirely cut off . Do not buy this edition .
 This edition must have been created by scanning an older one , and then neglecting to proofread the results . It is full of typos , omitted words and wrong words , which makes it very hard to read . The typesetting is also of very low quality , which also makes it hard to read . Amazon should really pay a little attention to the books they accept for sale . It would be nice to be able to assume that a book you find on Amazon meets some minimum standard .
 G. K. Chesterton 's `` The Everlasting Man '' is an amazing work , and I am insulted by Wilder Publication 's shoddy presentation of it . There are countless spelling and punctuation mistakes . The word `` he '' usually appears as `` be '' - to give a horrifying but typical example - and the introduction ends in the middle of a thought with a '' ? '' . DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION . Buy `` The Everlasting Man '' , but NOT FROM THIS PUBLISHER !
 G.K. Chesterton is one of my favorite authors , and this is one of my favorite books . But nothing is more frustrating than having to go through and edit the sentences for spelling and punctuation errors . The most glaring errors come in the form of random words inserted where they do not belong . Some words within it are n't even words at all.This publication is a disgrace to the intelligence and wit of G.K. Chesterton , and I 'm sure if he was still around he would be quite displeased with this edition.I stopped reading after six pages , and will be purchasing the Ignatius Press edition as a replacement . Do not buy books from Wilder Publications .
 This may have been a fine work in its original form , but this edition -LRB- Wilder Publications , 2008 -RRB- is so shoddy , it is n't worth the effort to try to read it . Based on my own experience with OCR software , I would guess that this publisher scanned an old copy , translated it to text , then reformatted it , and printed it . There is no evidence that anyone proofread it prior to printing . It it doubtful that it was even run through a spell-check program . Periods are missing at the ends of sentences ; words are left out ; `` d '' , `` h '' , and `` b '' are confused ; apostrophies are inserted randomly -LRB- probably fly-spots on the original -RRB- , `` and '' repeatedly appears as `` an '' , `` modern '' almost always appears as `` modem '' , etc. ad infinitum.I read through about a fourth of the book before giving up in exasperation .
 While Chesterton is truly a monumental figure , this edition of The Everlasting Man is an underhanded scam of some group or individual calling themselves `` Feather Trails Press '' publishing via CreateSpace , basically the MySpace of publishing.The thing is riddled with typos . Honestly , I was hard pressed to find a page without one . I was furious with the lack of editing and resolved that the moment I finished the book I would write the publisher.Turns out the publisher does exist . It is just some guy in his basement copy/pasting from Gutenberg project and charging $ 9 for a book that he has n't even taken the time to proofread , much less do legitimate scholarly work on.A disgrace and a fraud .
 The Everlasting Man is a book that anyone wishing to be truly educated should read . But this Wilder Publications edition , no one should read . It is absolutely full of typographical errors , several to a page . Wrong letters switch words into different words . Punctuation randomly disappears from where it should be and appears where it should not . Whole sentences are missing . Half sentences are missing ! Chesterton 's introduction , a dozen pages long in another edition , ends abruptly six and a half sentences into the second paragraph with a question mark.Clearly the publisher did little more than scan another version into his computer , run OCR software , and click the print button . How can any publisher have so little respect for himself as to sell such an embarrassment ? How can any literate human being have so little respect for G.K. Chesterton as to publish The Everlasting Man without so much as a single thorough reading ? It is disgraceful.Buy another edition . If you try to read this , you will suffer the jarring experience of stumbling over sudden gibberish or silent omissions while trying to wrap your mind around Chesterton 's deep arguments - again and again and again .
 This review is on the edition of this book , and not the content of the book itself . The font size is miniscule , the book is of an unmanageable size . It is a completely unpractical and useless edition of this -LRB- fantastic -RRB- book . Avoid at all costs .
 There were at least 100 typos , misspellings , punctuation and grammatical errors . It was n't an easily read book for me anyhow , but these mistakes on nearly every page made it grueling . I 've ordered the same book from a different publisher , as I really want to read it again without all the printing errors .
 Do not waste your money on this edition ! Too many typos to count ! I was unable to continue reading this edition , I have ordered the Oxford City Press edition . How can anyone with any morals , or ethics , offer such a poor quality book for sale to retailers ?
 G.K. Chesterton 's work deserves a much better printing than this one offered by Wilder Publications . I purchased the paperback copy and was astounded by the number of typos and poor quality of printing . I have to wonder if anyone even proofread this edition before it was printed . Numerous words are spelled wrong throughout the text
 Chesterton 's book is absolutely wonderful ... but this printing is dreadful . The 2008 Wilder Publications version of this classic book is ABRIDGED -LRB- whether on purpose or by mistake I can not tell -RRB- and contains typographical errors.Several pages of text are missing from the introduction to this book . In the first chapter I found a question mark taking the place of a letter in the middle of a word , several puctuation marks missing , run-on sentances that were not in the author 's original work , and paragraphs tied together without breaks.I really want to continue to read this book but the careless editing has made this version too difficult to read.I intend to return this book and purchase the 2011 Complete and Unabridged version from different publisher -LRB- The complete and unabridged paperback is also available from Amazon -RRB- .
 First , as expected , the book itself by Chesterton is astounding . He 's one of the most insightful and inspiring Catholic writers of the twentieth century and in this book he is at his best . However , there are plenty of problems with the editing and publishing of this book.So that leads me to my second point
 Chesterton was undoubtably a genius . I am certain that this book has great value and meaning but I found it beyond my ability to dig it out . The language is full of idoms and references from late nineteenth and early twentieth century England which I could not comprehend without tremendous effort . I gave up on it .
 I am a beginner Catholic ! this book was very hard for me to read , as I did not understand it . I did not read very much of it . Thanks
 I ca n't help but smile while skimming over some of the previous criticisms and praises for Chesterton . They are what one should expect after having read this work . For instance , one reviewer -LRB- Sam -RRB- seems to be terribly confused about the issues . His claim that GK 's argument in the beginning of the book is meaningless is based on his misunderstanding of important distinctions one must have upon reading this book . One , which was the whole point of his argument against materialistic evolution , was that the difference between the mind of a man and that of a different animal was one of KIND and not degree like Chesterton so emphatically and explicitly stated -LRB- for instance humans create art , think rationally , have the desire and the ability to write poetry , etc , etc -RRB- . These are the things that did not start in the mind of an animal and grow `` exponentially '' into evolved species like man . These are the things that began in the mind of man , and did not exist previously whatsoever . These are the Creation of man , or rather the creation of God manifested in the mind of man . Sam attempts to refute this argument by showing that the minds of different animals differ in degree . This does not even touch Chesterton 's argument . Neither does his point that GK does n't take on the argument scientifically . But , why should he ? This brings us to the next distinction one must understand . That is between a materialistic , godless evolution and merely evolution as a scientific explanation . Chesterton does n't argue against the latter and even states he has no problem in believing it . What he does argue against is the former which is certainly a philosophical or metaphysical question . And this is where he takes it on.Secondly , I really think Chesterton would lament to find people considering him sarcastic and aggressive in a negative manner . For the truth is , nothing could be the reverse . This book is what Chesterton was
 Bottom line
 Do n't get me wrong - it 's a great book , but this edition is awful . It has amateur written all over it . There are far too many words per page . The font , line spacing , and margins are too small . This makes reading extremely tedious and annotations difficult . Second , there are an inexcusable number of typographical errors . Third , the page numbers are in the bottom center . Fourth , the cover is poorly designed . The front picture covers half the spine , and the font on the back blurb is disproportionately large .
 I love the work and writing , but this particular edition is rife with typos . I would recommend another publisher .
 G.K. Chesterton is a wonderful and amazing writer . You simply must own and read and re-read Everlasting Man . However , it is imperative that you AVOID buying Wilder Publications ' 2008 hardcover edition . I bought this thinking it would be a very nice addition to my library . I was expecting a high quality book that could be passed on to my children . As I sat down to read , my disappointment and frustration grew . I was able to get over the abysmal choice of font , even the spelling mistake on the first page did n't break my spirit , but when I reached the ` end ' of the introduction and discovered that the final sentence ended mid-sentence I was very discouraged . After further investigation , online , I discovered that not only has the publisher left out most of the introduction -LRB- over 8 pages missing ! -RRB- the book did not includes some very salient remarks by Chesterton entitled `` Prefatory Note '' which should have been included ahead of the introduction.By all means buy and read Everlasting Man but please DO NOT buy theThe Everlasting ManWilder Publications edition
 Chesterton 's Everlasting Man is my favorite book . Its writing and argument are superb . Read Surprised By Joy , and you will learn how Everlasting Man was the crucial intellectual piece bringing C.S. Lewis back to Christianity . If you are a fan of C.S. Lewis 's apologetics , read Chesterton and `` go up higher and in ! `` I can read virtually any passage aloud at random and be delighted.Chesterton 's masterpiece is `` five stars plus ; '' this edition is a problem . Extremely inexpensive , it suffers from lack of editing . I suspect it was scanned without a fastidious proofreading . While the publisher 's goals are praiseworthy -LRB- to make an edition so inexpensive , more Evangelicals would read it -RRB- , the errors mar the work and reduce the reader 's confidence in the text.Ignatius has a nice edition that is not much more expensive.Does anyone know of an edition with a good index ? Is there an edition of Surprised by Joy with an index ?
 Perhaps the content as released by Chesterton is amazing but I 'll never know due to the fact that this travesty would fail the first pass of spell -LRB- and grammar -RRB- checking by Microsoft Word . This appears to be the first result of the OCR attempt of an old edition off a dusty shelf . A search for phrases from Everlasting on -LSB- ... -RSB- gave me hits from this one from Wilder Publications and others . The `` introduction '' to The Everlasting Man from Wilder Pubs is truncated at `` as if we should be any more free if all the police who shadowed ? '' - while other editions have fully eight or nine more pages of the introduction . Throughout the book are errors that would seem to be the result of Editing While Intoxicated . A short list of examples includes whole words and phrases missing , periods showing up in the middle of sentences , and semicolons , periods , and other punctuation missing elsewhere , completely losing the sense of the original text and Chesterton 's thought.I selected this one from Amazon because it was the cheapest , but I surely paid for it !
 Book appears to be based on a scan of a previous printing . There are many errors making it difficult to read . For example `` bad '' is substituted for `` had '' consistently . Sentences break and new paragraphs start without good reason . None of the original copyright info is included , this is a 2008 edition , which leads me to believe that it has expired .
 This edition is full of spelling and punctuation errors , which are very distracting . A disservice to Mr. Chesterton 's fine work . I recommend buying a copy from a different publisher .
 The Everlasting Man is Chesterton at his most delightful and insightful , but slogging through this edition is a nightmare . There are literally hundreds of typographical errors , punctuation marks in peculiar places , incidents of missing text , and a dense , difficult font . Watch out for this publisher .
 This book is excellent . I am a lover of Chesterton . However , if you want to read The Everlasting Man , this is not the edition to buy . The layout is horrible , as can even be seen by looking at the back cover , and the book must be a scan because the missing punctuation and the b 's that are supposed to be h 's and the other way around are horribly frequent .
 I could n't even finish this book it was so hard to follow . I 'm sure Chesterton 's arguments are gerat , if I could understand them . He is speaking from the perspective of an Englishman in 1925 , while I am an American college student in 2011 . This book is by an intellectual elite and written for intellectual elites . Definitely not for the layman .
 I was initially excited about this book.Hearing claims of wit and graceful apologetics . Sadly I was disappointed I actually wanted this book to be good . It seemed hard to follow and the points or arguments that were used were poor.They could 've easily been refuted with other arguments that I did n't even agree with . I know that was n't the main point of the book but honestly after reading it I 'm not sure I know what that was anyway .
 This book is a waste of time , money , and energy . It provides nothing of value to any discussion of Christianity.It is obvious from the outset that Chesterton 's target audience with this book was never intended to be educated , critical thinkers . Indeed , the book opens with an unnecessary screed against skepticism . Or , rather , skeptics . He does n't actually address any concerns any skeptics may have , though . He merely insults them repeatedly and paints them in broad strokes as stubborn idiots who prefer to keep their heads buried in the sand.He then unleashes his argument , which is so convoluted and full of holes , it could be a Michael Bay movie . It breaks down like this : We know God -LRB- i.e. Yahweh , the Judeo-Christian deity -RRB- because the universe looks designed -LRB- fallacy 1 -RRB- , and besides , lots of smart people over the course of human history have said God exists -LRB- fallacy 2 -RRB- . Before Jesus , there have been great men who have become mythologized , elevated from manhood to godhood . But these men probably really existed nonetheless . Then , about 2000 years ago , which happens to be right in the middle of recorded history -LRB- which is somehow significant -RRB- , Jesus came along and declared himself the son of God . But Jesus is different because he started out as God and became man . Before Jesus came along , no one ever claimed to be a god -LRB- unless , of course , you count everyone who ever claimed to be a god -RRB- . Jesus ' claim of godhood was so unique and so revolutionary , that it just had to be true . Why , you ask ? Well because it 's so unlikely . And besides , Christianity has been around for 2000 years . That could only happen if it were based on fact -LRB- and if you ignore literally every other pre-Christian religion that exists -RRB- . The Everlasting Man provides nothing new to the dialogue and only propagates bad history , bad science , and bad logic . It is utterly devoid of value and now sits comfortably on my Retarded Literature shelf next to my L Ron Hubbard collection and creationist handbook.If you 're interested in Christianity , read the gospels . If you want self-indulgent sophistry , Chesterton 's the man for you .
 This book made almost no impression on me
 I 've just struggled through the first chapter of this book , an anti-evolutionary screed , and simply can not bring myself to read any further . The problem is the author tries to discredit evolutionary theory with a lot of flawed arguments that do n't stand up under scrutiny . The crux of his case seems to be that man is so marvelous and complex that he could n't possibly have evolved . This argument falters since the same argument could be applied to any living being such as birds , bees , plants , etc. . Actually , it would have been a better case if he had said he fabric of the universe itself is so remarkable it could n't have come about naturally , which is probably what the Intelligent Design folks are saying . However , that 's not what he says - again , the core of his argument is that man is better than the animals due to art , sensitivity etc. . I would suggest that animals can be sensitive - just ask anyoneone who owns a dog . As far as art , intelligence , self-awareness , being he exclusive province of men , I would suggest there are different degrees of cerebral function between species . For example , a cat 's intelligence is exponentially greater than an worm 's , just as man 's intelligence is exponentially greater than a cat 's ; so that argument is meaningless . But one of the most problematic aspects to me is that Chesterton takes on the evolutianary debate from the prospective of popular conceptions about it , rather than the science . That 's kind of like beating up on a little-league team and saying you 've won the world series . For example , he immediately makes allusions to the so-called `` popular '' image of the caveman batting the the female over the head with a club and dragging her along by the hair ; and suggests this image of the caveman is inaccurate by pointing out the beauty of the deer paintings done by `` true '' prehistoric man in caves discovered in France . He later sneakily superimposes that popular image on the scientific image by referring to the former as the `` caveman of evolution '' . I would be interested to see any charactarization of specific behaviours of the `` evolutionary caveman '' that repudiates that cavemen were the authors of the deer-paintings . Moreover , Chesterton conveniently ignores that man is just as capable as any beast of committing horrific violence against fellow man and animals . It 's this deceptive , propaganda-like approach that I find the most distasteful.The other problem is that once he identifies some path which he perceives to be favorable to his case , he beats it to death and back with a sarcastic , aggressive tone that is more remnicscent of the anti-religous lefties who despise religion so intensely.I was hoping to get some enlightenment from the book , but instead found my intelligence being assaulted and insulted . Having looked over some of the reviews , it may be possible that there are more useful and interesting chapters later on ; but I suspect the same type of non-objective , partial , prejudiced thinking would predominate.I love objectivity and drawing conclusions from existing facts . The reverse , taking an existing conclusion and attempting to impose it on the facts , never works . Unfortaunately , this book is an example of just such an approach.Sam
 I agree with an earlier reviewer who said that reading this book was like inviting someone to dinner who first fascinated you with his wit but eventually proved to be an overbearing windbag from whom you would gladly make your escape . Worse yet , he writes in defense of things that simply can not be supported , except as private fantasies or wishful thinking . It is rather like reading an impassioned book , written about 1895 , that `` proved '' that the Confederacy was morally right , that slavery was never anything but an expression of caring for Africans , and that the South would rise again . You read it and keep thinking , `` But ... * wait * a minute ! `` I do not mean , of course , that Chesterton writes specifically on American history or racial issues . His thesis is that man is unlike any other creature , that Jesus was unlike any other man , and that Christianity is unlike any other religion . In one sense , one is almost tempted to cheer for him against the modern tendency to boil everything down into a comfortable and tasteless broth of sameness . But facts , as John Adams once said , are stubborn things , and Chesterton could write as he did only by thumbing his nose at even as much scientific knowledge and scholarship as existed in his own day . He quite obviously takes great pleasure in poking fun at the researches of scientists and other learned men . If he remained true to this conviction , he would at least be consistent . But then , at the end of the book , he actually tries to deny this tendency on his part : `` In this book which is merely meant as a popular criticism of popular fallacies , often indeed of very vulgar errors , I feel that I have sometimes given an impression of scoffing at serious scientific work . It was however the very reverse of my intentions . I am not arguing with the scientist who explains the elephant , but only with the sophist who explains it away . And as a matter of fact the sophist plays to the gallery , as he did in ancient Greece . He appeals to the ignorant , especially when he appeals to the learned . But I never meant my own criticism to be an impertinence to the truly learned . `` Well baloney . The book could hardly be taken any other way . Chesterton was an interested layman who was annoyed at real scholars for knowing more than he did , and knowing things that made it impossible for any learned man to believe what he did . He spends this book poking fun at such people and then tries to deny that that was his intention . That is not only foolish but dishonest.There * are * some intriguing parts in this book , that tug at the heart of anyone with any moral sense . He talks about civilizations that institutionalize war on children , and he has a moral vision that involves standing in steadfastness and constancy as one witnesses to truths that transcend and even contradict the everyday order of things . Then , you realize that he is saying these things in defense of insitutional Christianity , whose faults are too notorious to be overlooked , and it is like reading an article purporting to prove to you that the CEO of Enron was really King Arthur and Gandhi rolled into one . And again , you find yourself saying , `` But ... * wait * a minute ... '' It seems no one ever said `` But wait a minute '' to Chesterton , no doubt because they could n't get a word in edgewise . In any case , this book is interesting as an historical curiosity ; it is as irrelevant to reaching any real conclusions about these issues as would have been a book written in the late 16th century purporting to show that the Copernican system was an unwarranted speculation and that the earth was really the center of the universe .
 I have been marginally aware of G. K Chesterton , first through Robert W. Smith 's works , and then later , discovering that a major character in the Sandman series by Neil Gaiman -LRB- Gilbert , aka Fiddler 's Green -RRB- had been patterned after him . I have been reading a number of Infidels -LRB- Paine , Ingersoll , and Voltaire -RRB- , and so am somewhat familiar w/this style of writing , and have somewhat become a fan of it.Unfortunately , when an author begins with attacking any rational and skeptical critic , insulting their intelligence , and inferring they are drooling idiots , then I am afraid my mind shuts down . As Ingersoll observed , since the Church has been deprived of its instruments of torture , only one weapon is left , and that is slander -LRB- paraphrase -RRB- . To call any skeptic illiterate , or accuse them of what is essentially brainlessness , is but a sugarcoated , sarcastic version of the ad hominem attack -LRB- and if the reader actually INVESTIGATES the writings of these skeptics , past and present , they will find that they are INDEED literate , and intelligent -RRB- . He says this , this one about the early matriarchies
 There 's no question in my mind that Chesterton was one of the most brilliant thinkers and writers of the 20th century . He 's amazingly insightful , searching out the big questions of existence with easy , witty prose.Unfortunately this particular edition of The Everlasting Man represents the worst commercial publishing I have ever seen . It is printed in tiny , poorly spaced text , with innumerable typos making nonsense of sentences and resulting in a very frustrating reading experience . Pay a little more for a decent edition !
 Having read this book before , I felt no need to read the reviews before purchasing it . BIG MISTAKE ! I returned it the day after I received it . The work itself is a masterpiece , but -LRB- as others have said -RRB- this edition has so many typographical errors and portions of missing text due to poor editing , that it makes it virtually unreadable and incomprehensible . For example , just click on the ` look inside ' and notice that the preface is not only incomplete , but ends mid-sentence with a question mark . I finally gave up when I was reading and came across a question mark in the middle of a word . By all means , read the book , but not from this publisher .
 I am not one to criticize others , but as a lover of audio books , I must comment that the quality of the reading of this book does not come close to matching the mastery of its writing . This is a great disappointment and leads me to wonder why a more professional reader was n't chosen for such an important work . I have listened to the audio-book recording of Chesterton 's Orthodoxy -LRB- read by Simon Vance and published by Hovel Audio -RRB- three time through and will likely listen a fourth time . However , the audio book recording of The Everlasting Man by Dale Ahlquist , published by Ignatius Press , falls quite below that standard . The reader pauses mid sentence again and again . The reading simply does n't flow . I could n't finish even one of the ten CD 's that make up the box set before I gave up listening . It almost sounds as it the reader is site reading . It resembles a good piece of music made bad by a musician who did n't practice prior to performance . Certainly Mr. Ahlquist , as president of the American Chesterton Society , is a lover of Chesterton 's writing , however , that makes him an ` amateur ' not a professional recording artist .
 I love most of Chesterton 's works and this is no exception . The typos , however , made it hard to read a took away from the experience , it was very frustrating . I highly recommend that you read this book but urge you to get it from a different publisher .
 This , the Wilder Publications edition of The Everlasting Man , is an egregiously cheap and nasty edition of a great book . It is printed on oversize pages with very narrow margins in an apparent effort to reduce printing costs to a minimum . Overall , the production quality is on a par with an instruction manual that might come with a no-name hair dryer or computer part from East Asia , or , actually my first thought was off-brand Dungeons & Dragons extension materials circa 1976 . You will be much happier with the Ignatius Press edition for only $ 1.00 more , which is the one I would have gone for had it been easier to locate on Amazon . I plan to return this and get the Ignatius Press version instead , or possibly Volume 2 of the Collected Works .
 I picked up this `` Wilder '' 2008 edition because I was interested in Chesterton . The writing does not disappoint , but this edition does . Replete with typos and no helpful commentary , there must be better editions out there .
 This book has editing errors on every page . A classic and a great read , but not from this publisher .
 This will be brief . Buy the Ignatius edition . For an explanation , see most 1 * reviews .
 This `` publication '' of Chesterton 's classic work is a painful and lamentable thing . Its relentless typos render a real injustice to the tight , bright , aphoristic signature of G.K. 's writing style , not to mention a crime against the compelling content of his case . Perhaps this private basement scan-and-print operation had the good intentions of distributing Chesterton 's masterpiece to more masses for less money . But I have my ungenerous suspicions that this slovenly reproduction of a most unslovenly book may be almost entirely a business interest . I do n't know any better explanation for such an obviously and shamelessly horrendous printing than to suppose that whoever printed it had utterly no concern for what is written in it . A few more dollars spent for the Ignatius edition of The Everlasting Man -LRB- or Dale Ahlquist 's reading of it -RRB- will save readers the constant frustration of plodding through a butchered text and have the added effects of both honoring publishing integrity and justly presenting this Chestertonian gem in all of its original coruscating cogency and genius . This book 's too good to be treated so poorly . -LSB- Thankfully , Amazon makes the returns process quick and painless -RSB- .
 The book covers the subject matter very broadly , but lacks in-depth detail and practical applications . It could be more concise in sections -LRB- especially about the author -RRB- and more in-depth in usage , application , and research .
 This is the second book I have decided to review . I have decided to do so inorder that others may avoid my mistake . The book is banal . It goes on and on , creating category after category of needless taxonomies . Nothing even slightly new or interesting . Additionally it suffer the problem of all `` internet '' books . It was hoplessly outdated by the ime it hit thw shelves . Someone exceptionaly tiresome wrote a phd thesis , invented jargon and then decided to turn it into a book .
 This seems to be a converted thesis to book , not the worst job but certainly without much effort . I 'm not surprised its not in stock .
 You pray , buy this book , and the Oral Roberts clone , Mr snake oil salesman , gets rich . What fools most of you greedy morons are .
 This book should be made to serve its highest purpose and used to light a fire in the cold of winter.The author has successfully managed to take an entire collection of false teachings , repackage it and somehow sell a couple copies . This is no ordinary accomplishment , it takes a special author to accomplish this.A literary joke and doctrinal travesty !
 I purchased the cassette version of this book and can not tell you how BAD it was . VERY BORING !! I forced myself thru the second cassette -LRB- out of four -RRB- and then retrieved it from the trash can where I threw it and then returned the entire product !
 Anyone who thinks the point of Christianity or Judaism , or any genuine spiritual path , is the acquisition of money is practicing idolatry . Anyone who publishes a book about it is simply profiting off that idolatry , which in my reading of spiritual history is truly the world 's oldest profession.The other `` oldest profession '' is a far more honorable line of work .
 what a waste ! very trite , rather like sitting in a freshman education college classroom ! seems like after 40 years we could have something `` real world '' schoolwise , to think about from h.k. his earlier books were much more insightful and had greater depth . in fact , i bought this book on the authors `` name '' alone ... i will never do that again !!!
 We are running version 4.5 , which I believe is a newer version than that presented in the book . Few of the screen shots shown in the book match what is on our system . Some screens do not even remotely resemble what is shown in the book . It 's extremely difficult for someone who knows next to nothing about SAPscript to learn from a book that takes you step by step , if there is no way that you can follow those steps on your system.I 'm fairly certain that if our system matched what is shown in the book , I would not be dissatisfied with the book . But that is n't the case . The problem is probably more a result of SAP constantly changing their interfaces that causes more difficulty than it is worth , but does provide them with revenues from training and retraining their customers.I 'd like to see an updated edition , but chances are it would address a newer version of SAP than we are running . SAP has their customers between a rock and a hard place . If you could borrow a copy of the book and step through it while on your system , you might save yourself the cost of the book , which would be money spent in addition to the SAP class that you would have to attend . If the book addresses your release of SAP you 'll probably want a copy of your own .
 This is the only book on SAPscript . So someone should write a better one . There definitely is a demand for such a book . Using SAPscript often means using ABAP and this aspect is covered well . The actual SAPscript bit is elementary , not providing much more than the online documentation . In particular , I missed tips and tricks for designing more complex layouts , variably sized boxes , up - and downloading RTF documents and workarounds for unusually implemented features -LRB- bugs -RRB- . This book is merely an introduction to SAPscript , nothing more .
 There is too much repetition of basic ideas in the first few chapters of the book , and not enough coverage of more advanced topics -LRB- like how to use marker nonterminals , how to use $ < > $ constructs , etc -RRB- . The discussion of shift/reduce and reduce/reduce conflicts in chaper 8 is pretty good though and would make a fine introduction for a beginner wanting to learn / basic / concepts.Good error handling is definitely a black art , but I still would have liked to have been given more information about it in chapter 9 . The examples were also a bit too soft.Chapters 4 and 5 have some interesting -LRB- and highly unusual -RRB- examples for scanning and parsing applications , but they do not show off many of the advanced capabilites of lex and yacc . What this book really needs are couple of examples that demonstrate how to overcome classic scanning and parsing horrors -LRB- like how to do type checking in , say , C -RRB- ; a chapter like this instead of one of chapters 4 or 5 would be great.Even today lex and yacc are very important tools in the computer scientist 's toolkit . They were designed 25 -LRB- or so -RRB- years ago , but / real / documentation is still nonexistant . This means that unfortunately , this book is one of the best.I think that the FSF 's Bison manual is much better value for money . It also does not cover advanced topics in enough depth , but what is does explain , it explains quite clearly .
 To keep it simple , the book `` Introduction to Compiler Construction in UNIX '' introduces and explains LEX/YACC far better than this book . It uses a more realistic example and shows the error handling in more detail . This book is ok for a quick intro , but for a ` real '' user , refer to the book I mentioned above .
 As with several other O'Reilly books , I found Lex & Yacc to be maddeningly uneven . The approach is to give a too-brief synopsis of the tool , then illustrate its use using a very specific example that , one suspects , is merely the handiest project the authors had available.I had a fair bit of programming experience when I bought the book , but none with Lex or Yacc . Some fundamental questions came up during the course of my muddling through , and these were left unanswered . I actually got more insight into these tools from a ~ 20-page web site on the topic.The reference chapters are organized alphabetically -LRB- `` ambiguities & conflicts '' , `` bugs '' , ... , '' % ident declaration '' -RRB- , and in a way that does not help someone who is looking for a specific answer -LRB- in trying to find out about the possibility of more than one parser in a program , who would think to look under ` v ' for `` variant and multiple grammars '' ? -RRB- . These ` reference chapters ' seemed more like a place to dump the information not discussed elsewhere.Maybe it 's a lost cause , finding a comprehensive , well-written introduction to such an arcane topic , but I 'm still looking .
 This book was disappointing . I had hoped for a tutorial and reference on Lex/Yacc Flex/Bison for building language recognisers , but in the tradition of `` yet another boring and useless reverse polish notation '' calculator - it gives us a desktop infix expression calculator . -LRB- How could I have possibly guessed ? -RRB- The book presents some interesting material for those who want to parse SQL , but if you 're eager to learn about translating programming languages , this book is nearly useless . It gives superficial and confusing treatment of language constructs like `` if-then-else '' statements , and gives only an exercise for recognising a function call and `` playing it back . '' -LRB- I feel these are cop-outs . -RRB- It also fails to explain clearly how to construct unambiguous grammars , or use facilities for operator precedence or whatver to control the ambiguity.To be fair , I am guessing this was meant as a reference for Lex/Yacc for those who already know how to construct language recognisers and have some knowledge of using these tools . But then why bother to give especially bad tutorial material in the early chapters if this were the case?This books is also in need of a new edition .
 There is too much repetition of basic ideas in the first few chapters of the book , and not enough coverage of more advanced topics -LRB- like how to use marker nonterminals , how to use $ < > $ constructs , etc -RRB- . The discussion of shift/reduce and reduce/reduce conflicts in chaper 8 is pretty good though and would make a fine introduction for a beginner wanting to learn / basic / concepts.Good error handling is definitely a black art , but I still would have liked to have been given more information about it in chapter 9 . The examples were also a bit too soft.Chapters 4 and 5 have some interesting -LRB- and highly unusual -RRB- examples for scanning and parsing applications , but they do not show off many of the advanced capabilites of lex and yacc . What this book really needs are couple of examples that demonstrate how to overcome classic scanning and parsing horrors -LRB- like how to do type checking in , say , C -RRB- ; a chapter like this instead of one of chapters 4 or 5 would be great.Even today lex and yacc are very important tools in the computer scientist 's toolkit . They were designed 25 -LRB- or so -RRB- years ago , but / real / documentation is still nonexistant . This means that unfortunately , this book is one of the best.I think that the FSF 's Bison manual is much better value for money . It also does not cover advanced topics in enough depth , but what is does explain , it explains quite clearly .
 As an audio book , this is a great production . As a mystery , this was a disappointment . How convenient that people stumble onto critical clues , characters and evidence . It 's as if all of England were no more than four acres large . I am still wondering what the motive of the killer was ; the ending was abrubt and nonsensical . Please read `` A Daughter of Time '' if you want to experience Tey 's best work .
 `` You 've introduced characters in the last few pages that were never in the book before ! You withheld clues so we the reader could n't possibly guess ` who dun it ' ! `` I channeled the late Truman Capote 's Lionel Twain a lot reading the last few pages of this 1936 mystery novel . Sure , Twain was addressing a Miss Marple parody in the classic Neil Simon comedy , but he could have been just as easily been telling off Josephine Tey.Another movie to reference here is Alfred Hitchcock 's `` Young And Innocent '' , which was an adaptation of `` A Shilling For Candles '' , though a very loose one . How loose ? The main two characters in the movie are rendered secondary in the book halfway in , and the murder itself almost completely different except for a dead body washing up on the Kentish coast.Hitchcock played fast and loose with structure and sense in his movie , but Tey was even less tethered by the mystery-writing discipline . As other reviewers have noted , various subplots parachute out of the blue sky . Worse , they never connect in any coherent way to create some unifying concept . The worst involves the revelation of the killer . In an introduction to this edition , Robert Barnard praises this being `` only revealed just before the unmasking of the criminal '' as a kind of innovation and rebellion against mystery-writing convention . Lionel Twain would have called it something else.What 's good about `` A Shilling For Candles '' ? Well , Tey 's take on the sleepy southern coast of England , and the bustle of high-society London where the victim was a celebrated fixture , presents delicious if dated social satire in the Evelyn Waugh vein
 Not only is the grammar that of a high school senior , not only is the book full of tired cliches , not only does this book promote that one throw away reason and rationale in favor of faith ; this book is just plain divisive . With phrases like , `` You would n't understand unless ... '' or `` You may call it immoral , but ... '' the author consistently seperates himself from his readers . Unless one is `` Black '' -LRB- as opposed to `` black '' -RRB- , Christian , fundamentalist , from the inner city , poor , male , and possessing a child in the system , it is very hard to find much to sympathize with in this book
 If you enjoy being deceived then you will like this book . The existence of Mary Ann Collins is questionable . No one that I can find has ever seen or met her . She refuses to give it any information about what convent she allegedly joined . I am a former fundamentalist preacher who is now a Catholic priest . I found freedom from fundamentalism in the `` pillar and foundation of truth '' that is the Catholic Church . You can too , see -LSB- ... -RSB- the Catholic Answers page .
 Take Chris Brenton 's `` Multiprotocol Network Design and Troubleshooting '' book , add some information on Token Ring , AppleShare , Banyan , LANtastic as well as a number of other dead technologies , slap Mark Minasi 's name on the cover and increase the price by $ 15 and what do you get ? `` The Complete Network Upgrade & Maintenance Guide '' . I kid you not , I compared these two books page by page and the text on all of the current technologies is identical word for word . Sybex burned me on this book but never again . It makes me wonder if all the current Minasi books are thrown together the same way .
 Oh , it 's this book ... I picked up this book in a bookstore . The introduction promised it to be a great guide to everything you need to get done on a linux system . On a quick flip through the chapters were logically laid out and is seemed to be a friendly read.Unfortunately , this book has almost no depth to it . Even for experienced sys admins this book would be of little value.Do Not Buy This Book .
 This book was on discount sale at my local bookstore and I see why now . For someone who has never touched Linux or Unix and wants to read a glorified advertising brochure about its potential , this is a good text . It answers the question `` what is possible if I were to buy Linux '' and maybe `` how would I get started if all goes well '' ... not the real system admin questions like `` what can I do exactly '' or `` how do I do the following ... '' . If you are an experienced Linux user -LRB- like even 2 days experience -RRB- you 'll be offended by this book .
 this book is down there with linux unleashed . It tries to cover every linux topic under the sun , while subtly missing everything useful about every topic.this book should be completely avoided at all costs . the authors -LRB- I ca n't imagine how it took two to write -RRB- have just gleaned information from the intros in every howto.get the howtos . if you want it in hardcopy , get a printer . or get the latest linux bible.actually , I would have given this book 0 stars if that was an option .
 I found this book to deal with several importiant issues . The problem that I had with the book was the lack of real world examples . I have learned more about surfing the internet than I did from this book .
 As a beginner to Linux , I bought this book 5 months ago , mainly because it promised `` practical advice from expert system administrators '' and on browsing , was very readable . However I found later to my disappointment that this book did not deliver good practical guide to installing or administrating Linux . It covers a lot of topics but most of them in a superficial manner . For problems I came across and turned to this book , I had in most cases , not been able to find the answers . I definitely do not recommend it to someone who needs help to learn and setup a Linux system from the ground up .
 I 'm a pretty experienced computer interested in setting up and running my first Linux based server . This book sets out to be the ` ultimate ' Linux book , but neither addresses the immediate needs of novices nor the specific technical needs of an advanced user . You 'd be better of just reading the Linux ` Howto ' docs and other information freely available on the Internet than buying this doorstop .
 When we 're staring into the eyes of a monster , when we contemplate someone who 's done something really horrible , do we really consider what has happened to that person to make them do what they do?A.J . Conley has . In her novella , THE MONSTER 'S MIND , Conley shows us a criminal named Joshua Dawson . A monster , really . A man who murdered innocent children . What goes on in Joshua 's mind ? What monster is really lurking within , and from where did that monster come?The doctor interviewing him intends to find out . It 's the same doctor that stood before a jury and testified that Joshua was not sane , convinced a court that he should not be put to death , but instead has him hospitalized for the criminally insane.Slowly Joshua begins to reveal his monster within and between his sometimes cryptic revelations and the doctor 's researching skills and dedication to the case , the monster takes shape . The doctor begins to wonder
 Ms. Rosendahl 's book reads more like a master 's thesis than an informative book . It was apparent to this reader that she started with strong feminist and socialist tendencies which caused the conclusions to be less than candid.Expect a book that starts with preconcieved notions that socialism is a very good thing and that without Castro 's revolution there would have been no progress in Cuba in the last thirty years.Overall a very dry boring work that was difficult to follow . Many of her conclusions will ring very false with anyone who has visited Cuba in the last eight years or has the ability to form objective opinions of the state of the people .
 it really is amazing that ducornet 's fiction has generated any critical praise at all , when methinks it is fairly obvious that all her fiction is little but sentimental and oh so self consciously political correct drivel posing as ` avant garde ' or , even worse , pretending to be surrealism . i suspect it has something to do with her husband , guy ducornet , who is a famous and well respected literary critic . `` entering fire '' is perhaps her most astonishingly bad and superficial book yet , and it seriously has been years since i 've read something so barren of originality or merit . the narrative is half baked , mediocre garbage that has something to do with a young nazi writing letters of third reich fury and racial hatred toward his oh so marvelous , liberal scientist father . -LRB- and she gives him the definitive PC thumb up by making his lover throughout the novel a foreigner . sigh . -RRB- racism is evil and despicable , but am i the only one who sees ducornet as another kind of racist -- a racist against racists ? i 'm not partial to anyone who judges another person on their ethnic origins or the color of their skin myself , but i do think it 's a little pathetic for an author to base his or her work -LRB- although I hesitate to use the word `` work '' in reference to ducornet 's thoroughly forgettable nonsense -RRB- on a reactionary impulse , no matter how justified or understandable it may be . i myself am liberal , but i guess i 'm conservative in the sense that I expect a creative artist to have some actual talent as well as moral and compassionate opinions about things . dh lawrence , for instance , who was at heart basically a fascist and a nihilistic nietzschean , is indeed reprehensible in the sense that his attitudes were morally dangerous and just wrong , but I think it 's safe to say that his work is infinitely more important than a book by the oh so bleeding heart liberal Oprah , or the aforementioned Ducornet . the value of art and literature simply has nothing to do with the moral character of the artist or individual , as oscar wilde said many times . on the other hand , if you 're actually naive enough to see ducornet as some kind of ` surrealist ' -LRB- I 'm sure her books have andre breton or antonin artaud rolling in their graves -RRB- you probably are n't big on books , anyway , so there 's no need to go into detail and explain why mentioning `` autonomy '' and `` the marvelous '' in every other sentence does not make you a talented surrealist . in case you do n't get my drift , avoid this and everything else by her like the plague -- you 've been warned .
 The nicest thing that I can say about this book is that it is a quick read . The main character , Alfie is a womanizing , abusive , egotistical , despisable man . He is every man you warn the women you love to stay away from . He hurts the married women that he dates -LRB- okay , they are cheating , so they deserve it -RRB- but he hurts innocents -LRB- Annie -RRB- too . None of the charcters are likeable - the woman are either stupid , cheaters , or weak . I found the book to be shallow and am very glad to be done with it .
 I do n't want to study a 600-page tome . I just want a good reference book so I can quickly look up what I need to know.I do n't know how to `` cross out '' lines in Open Office Writer . -LRB- Some people call this a `` strikethrough '' function -RRB- . So I went to the index -LRB- a scant 16 pages for so much material -- all of Open Office , and Thunderbird and Firefox too ! -RRB- . I looked up `` cross '' then I looked up `` strike . '' Nothing . No help at all.Other issues I 've searched for in this book have likewise led to nowhere.This book 's 600 pages may contain much info , but this is a poor reference book for a `` quick look up . ''
 In the past I have been VERY disappointed with books from Sybex . However , when I saw this title I thought I would give Sybex another chance . Unfortunately , Sybex has let me down again . This book was filled with technical inaccuracies . I am hoping that this is due to time to market issues causing poor technical editing , however , based on how far off this book was I think it must go beyond this.I wanted to point out some items that are somewhat misleading or that might have been over-looked during the editing process . I found that after starting with chapter 2 my patience would not allow me to proceed beyond this chapter.Email Clients - pg . 43 `` Three e-mail clients are in use today
 When you spend money on a study guide you expect to at least cover the basics needed for the test . You do not get it here . A lot of the material on the test was not covered here , unless you count a website address . Sorry , but for this money I expect the book to cover it and any links to be for more in depth information . For example the book did not even cover the basic html in enough depth to have answered 1/2 of the questions I had on my exam -LRB- I passed , but only because I was only also studying Network + at the same time -RRB- . Save your money !
 This book was useless -LRB- even with its sister books -RRB- . The book I purchased for the Network + had more info relevent to the test -LRB- and that was n't much -RRB- . I did manage to pass the test , but only from previous experinces and sheer luck . Strongly recommend you look elsewhere
 I think I am alone in my opinion that pretty much everything written or said in the 60 's was over blown pap.O ` Hara 's fantasy women drop their pants and have orgasms like men . Men wish ... I 've tried a couple of his stories now and I do n't get his appeal . He sounds like he 's being paid by the word . His women are from another planet . Men only wish that sex were that easy.O ` Hara 's reputation is much like another icon of the 60 's -- Elizabeth Taylor.Producers kept giving her employment in film - and even after the gushing results - they voted to give her AWARDS !! But then I thought Elvis Presley was an embarrassment too -
 This book is horrible . Written as if the person reading it chews rubber-bands and drinks glue for entertainment . Avoid any class using this book . Would give .10 star if possible .
 DED are a direct derivative of designer 's republic and they know it . It is not enough that they are in the same building and that they use the same design styles and that they steal the look , feel and personality of DR. . . they had to go and publish this truly pedestrian book.DED are perfect examples of pragmatic , uninteresting , mediocre designers.Read this if your goal in life is to be a low-level production artist who cuts up the work of others .
 An awful atrocity of the literary genre . It was like the personal notebooks of various authors compiled into an uneven mess . Too many articles , too many footnotes & references to page numbers of other books , too little of pictures . Too many irrelevant points of view . I did not enjoy it . It 's only a few hundred pages and is entirely black & white , and it was way to high-priced . Like $ 24.00 . If you 're looking for any meaning or pictures of the wonderful & elaborate hair dos of Asia , you will find no information in this horrible book .
 I bought this book after it was rated one of the top ten real estate books of the year in the Los Angeles Times real estate section . Boy , was I disappointed . This book did n't come close to living up to its promises . The author gave too much information and not enough direction for the typical layperson . He explains the reasons behind all the fees that are attached to loans , but does little to explain how to avoid or reduce them . He describes the different types of loans available , but does n't really tell you why you should choose one over another . This book was a mostly a waste of time . You are better off reading the section about mortgages in Home Buying For Dummies and finding yourself a good mortgage broker .
 Based on the reviews , I thought I would be treated to a fresh new novel from a fledgling author . Instead what I got was what appeared to be a homework assignment for a creative writing class . Throughout the book , I felt like literary devices were being foisted upon me . Like she had to use a requisite number before completing this mind-numbing novel .
 I actually bought this for my wife as she 's in a book club and this was the book they had them read so this review is n't entirely from my point of view.That being said , she did n't finish it . I 've never seen her NOT finish a book so I asked her what was up . Her response
 Yes , it 's another book that made me cranky . From here on I will never ever ever again read another stream-of-consciousness I 'm - so-clever-I 'm - not-writing-a-linear-tale kind of book . Please keep them away from me . I read about 1/3 of this and then said , enough . No thank you . This one 's going to the Sally Ann too . Woo -- hoooooooooooo , if I had a dumbwaiter , I 'd chuck this book down it .
 I ca n't believe I actually finished this dreadful book . Unique definitely does NOT mean good ! My lasting impression of this book is
 I forced myself through half the book and had to give up . What hype this novel got - it was sure not deserved .
 Hotel World is a disappointing little book . For all of its accolades and promise , it falls incredibly short . The story sounded promising , five women , two sisters , one dead . Unusual writing style , somewhat unformatted and different . Different sounded promising rather than annoying . I thought the characters mostly unlikeable and mousy . I found one character 's chapter to be completely unreadable due to the complete lack of any punctuation .
 I know that i am going against the grain here , but i do NOT think this is a good book . Or even an average book . Hotel World was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and the Orange Prize for Fiction in 2001 . I find that very scary . This to me is a pretentious , try-hard attempt at fiction . There are five separate , tenously connected narratives written in various first-person styles . Not a bad premise , but Smith manages to leave it dead in the water . The only really interesting section is from the perspective of a dead character . There are a few interesting snippets , but they are mired in boring dross about characters that i could n't manage to care about - i kept waiting for a character to grab me - and they did n't . Even the attempt at a resolution did n't bring it together . What a shame .
 The title is comletely misleading . This is a book of grammar exercises . Chapters are entitled Nouns '' , `` Verbs '' , `` Correct Punctuation '' - you get the idea . Even the sentences and examples used in the grammar are unrelated to business . The only bow to business is in the last 20 or so pages which are about letter writing , telegrams -LRB- ! -RRB- , memos and other business writing forms . As far as I can see , there is no conversation skill practice at all . I gave it two stars because it you want a succint little grammar practice book , it 's ok . But go elsewhere for business and/or conversation .
 This books title is misleading . It has very little conversation and even less business conversation . It is a good reference book . It could also be a supplement book for a class but when working overseas it could only prove to be useful asa supplement for the teacher .
 I did n't find sufficient information about backup and recovery . I was a little disappointed that it was n't as user friendly as I had hoped .
 Finding an error on page 3 re
 The poor organization of this book is overshadowed by the mistakes and lack of information . There is very , very limited information on Backup and Recovery and is not enough to pass the Exam . The only thing positive thing about this book is The Cram Sheet , an insert in the front of the book . My advice , go to a book store and rip The Cram Sheet out ; You 'll get more information in jail than from this book .
 Too many errors and several sections that just do n't make sense . Did an editor review the manuscript before it was published ? The problem with these types of books is that the authors work extremely hard to meet unreasonable deadlines ... and look at the results .
 I used this book -LRB- Exam Cram - Test 3 & Test 4 for OCP -RRB- and the Jason Couchman -LRB- Oracle Press -RRB- DBA Exam Guide -LRB- the one that 's over 1000 pages in length -RRB- to review recently for the Backup & Recovery Exam for the Oracle Certified Professional Track . This book 's section on Backup and Recovery really was n't adequate in my opinion to pass the test . It did provide a very good general overview , but one really needed the Couchman book to get the level of detail sufficient to answer some of the questions on the certification exam . I did pass , however , but do feel that this book alone would not have sufficed as the single resource to study for the exam . I can not vouch for the Tuning section of the book -LRB- Exam 4 in the series -RRB- , because I have not read that section at all .
 If zero stars were possible I would rate this book zero stars . Both books from the cram series covering the OCP program are full with typos , wrong and contradicting answers and totally wrong about certain concepts -LRB- a shocking example is e.g. the part on CKPT and DBWR background processes -RRB- . If you are not so certain about your theoretical background , you better read the terse but mostly correct Oracle documentation that comes with your Oracle rdbms software .
 And still , no Oracle8 . A good strategy is to cast the net wide . The author does not do this , instead focusing on helping only those who arguably need no help . The intermediate reader or the career changer should look elsewhere for help with OCP exam preparation
 Great idea but no quality control for printing this paperback . So far off-center rendered itunreadable .
 This book is a good reference but not for those who are not proficient already in MAX . As others have stated , the examples often skip steps , assume knowledge of the workings of the program and show `` this is what you should end up with '' pictures that do n't relate at all to what the instructions give . I get the impression also that each chapter was written by a different person because they cover material that has sometimes been discussed or later chapters cover basic material that was left out at the beginning . If you are beginner , do n't buy this .
 Hello graphics gurus , I 've got some news for you if this book looks good . I 'd like to direct you to the FIRST CHAPTER . This chapter covers simple transformation animation , even though the chapter is titled `` ADVANCED Transformation Animation '' . This is NOT what I wish to squabble about . What really shocked me was the unclear transition between the text , the pictures , and the files on the CD . Following the directions , I labeled , linked , and altered several objects and dummies . Once completed , I continued to the next step , only to discover that the book forgot to mention several objects that needed to be labeled , linked , and altered . Once again , I was able to continue reading without losing respect for the editors ... The next step instructed me to rotate a dummy by its Y-axis in the top viewport , which I did . The comment under this instruction directed me to look at the figure on the next page . The blurb next to the figure stated `` Top view of the UFO , with the leg properly positioned . '' Naturally , I figured that when I looked at the figure , I would see exactly what I had on the screen , but instead , the image was a screenshot from several steps before the rotation instructions , in the FRONT viewport . There is no mention of this image anywhere in the text , and there is no image demonstrating the proper rotation that the text led me to believe.What should you learn from this little story ? Well , I hope the editors are reading this
 After grinding through the horrendously written Volume I of this series , I thought that maybe by Volume III things would have improved . Well , they have n't . Written by different authors , this book obviously draws upon the faults of the first Volume , and thus keeps consistent with the faulty scheme of the series.The examples in this book , while informative , are extremely frustrating , as the authors have obviously not put the time into ensuring that they work . Textures do n't ship with the CD , so when you open certain examples you are greeted with `` BLAH.TGA '' not found error messages . Examples do n't work properly , even the ones shipped on the CD , they take extra tweaking to make them do what they were intended to do . For example , in the first chapter there is a certain example in which you are to go to frame 145 , but in the . max file on the CD , there are only 130 frames !!!! What ?!?!? Do we rescale , or do we assume a typo or just a basic laziness on the part of the authors/publishers . What a shame , as this topic had potential .
 I am writing specifically about volume 3 . It would be an excellent book if they had just proofread it first before rushing it for publication . Filled with mistakes and worded very poorly I still recommend this sorry book because it is one of the few 3d max sources that actually attempts to teach animation .
 This book is just a rehash of existing Linux documentation and HOWTOs , but with more typos . It had a handful of new insights , but not enough to warrant buying this book . Instead , I highly recommend Matt Welsh 's `` Running Linux -LRB- 3rd Edition -RRB- '' .
 I bought this book for my father , who in his 50 's began to express an interest in cooking . He has never cooked more than a hamburger before , and is a guy of very simple food tastes . He loves to watch Rachel Ray on TV , so when I saw this `` Guy Food '' cookbook , I thought it would be perfect for him.I was utterly wrong . The recipes are elaborate and too `` fancy '' for my dad . Personally , I do n't know many guys , outside of hardcore foodies or chefs , who would attempt to make , or even voluntarily eat , some of the dishes in this book . My father ended up just giving the book back to me . And I did cook some of the recipes in it for him . The food is good . But the title is a complete misnomer . I was very disappointed , and though I enjoy her food , I doubt I will purchase another Rachel Ray cookbook . I 'm too afraid of what I 'll end up getting .
 `` Guy Food '' is Rachael Ray 's attempt to cash in on her appeal with the guys . She 's obviously no Bobby Flay or Guy Fieri , but she tries . She defines masculinity as eating meat . Maybe she should spend some time with Moby , Orlando Bloom , Sir Ian McKellen , or the frequently shirtless Anthony Kiedis of the Red Hot Chili Peppers -- because they 're all vegan or vegetarian . It would be a ray of light . `` Guy Food '' is mainly hot dogs , hamburgers , sausages , and chili , with plenty of cheese and dairy to keep the heart racing ... until it clogs up . Nothing says love like processed meat . -LRB- Maybe in `` Body of Evidence '' , Madonna killed her older lover for his $ $ $ through fatty food , not sex !! -RRB- `` Guy Food '' has the Rachael Ray staples -- odd combinations ,30 minute meals that take over a half hour , and obscure ingredients that cost the amount of a house 's down payment . `` Guy Food '' has its peculiar highlights-Manly Man 's Chili -LRB- masculinity defined through chili -- gender identity grad students , use this ! -RRB- , a hamburger with hot dogs , and spinach pasta with asparagus & arugula. ; If this is Ray 's definition of masculinity through food , what is femininity ? Let alone transgender or questioning ?
 Let 's all send her a letter of thanks for trying to kill all the men in our lives with high cholesterol , saturated fat and hardened arteries , way to go Rache ! ... Two thumbs WAY down .
 Who did she interview to think this is what guy 's like to eat ? Every recepie in here is designed for women to make sure they can collect their husbands life insurance checks from heart attacks , and still be young enough to enjoy them . Healthy ? I do n't think so . If you really think her meals are healthy , look how much weight she has gained over the past couple years . Every meal she uses a lot of olive oil , butter , and salty additives . then writing a recepie for `` Hamburger Salad '' Basically garden greens from a bag , and a couple fried hamburger patties placed on top of the greens , with cheese on it . Oh my ... Quick , easy and `` Healthy '' meals guys like to eat . Yummo ? I do n't think so .
 for those of you out there that are dumb enough to think rachael ray has a `` new york '' accent you are sadly mistaken . as a true new yorker rachael ray has more of a chicago accent then a `` new york '' one . you 've got to be totally foolish to think she has a new york accent . the loud , obnioxious food network host has unleashed her verison of what she thinks guy 's eat . however it 's far from what guy 's actually eat . infact no guy i ever talked to would have ever touched the recipes in this book.i mean come on now hots dogs on a hamburger ???? she must want a heart attack ! this book does n't even have anything in it that a guy would eat no guy 's i 've ever hanged out with would eat what 's inside this book . rachael tries her hardest to convince others she 's a tomboy however it always fails cause she knows nothing about guys.skip this book .
 Do n't bother tracking this one down ... it 's a politically correct fantasy about the AIDS epidemic , complete with equal opportunity victims and a melodramatic happy ending . The cure is being hidden from the people , typical politically correct hollywood style ... cliches . Sure , this is a sensitive topic , so sensitive , few would dare do other than to pat Spinrad on the back . The book is intentionally an unrealistic depiction of the disease , a melodramatic fantasy.The novella -LRB- ? -RRB- is also pretty uneven , since it is basically a rough draft . Older Spinrad is better .
 This pocket sized book has too many irralavent things in it . Who cares about a census in 1970 -LRB- the last one entered -RRB- . For someone who wants to learn how to use a framing square , this in not the referrence . Thare are very few illustrations . And remember , `` a picture is worth a thousands words ! '' One would be better of buying a square at a building center . They usually come with a small `` How To '' guide .
 Though commenting upon an array of religions , cults , and sects so great you could hardly ask for more , this book is crippled by its own bias.It is written from such a Christian-centered viewpoint that all non Judaic religions become horribly tainted . Just about everything , even religions such as Hinduism and Buddhism which pre-date Christianity , are compared extensively to the Christian faith . The trouble in this is , as any student of subaltern groups knows , that the reader can not develop an organic understanding of a religion , but rather can only see religions as measured by the yardstick of Christianity.For example , the section on Buddhism is broken down into the following categories
 Most of us buy books to educate ourselves and NOBODY wants to spend time researching false facts that only make us grow more ignorant and misinformed . Yet that is exactly what this so-called dictionary attempts to do ; promote ignorance and slanderous lies -LRB- when it 's not simply providing partial truths -RRB- . The authors clearly did NOT research the occult or much about the other religious groups they write about . Not only do they repeatedly credit Satanism for beliefs completely unrelated to that Sect , but they mutilate any respectable definition of the peace sign -- calling it the `` Satanists Pentacle '' -LRB- when penta is the prefix meaning `` five '' and there are no five points inside a peace sign -RRB- . Regarding the Wiccan Rede -- the authors erroneously attribute it to Aleister Crowley who had NOTHING to do with either Wicca or with the Rede , as an ethical principle that 's regularly drummed around many neo-pagan circles . Many would argue Crowley had nothing to do with ethics at all . In fact , he purported `` Do what thou wilt shall be the whole law '' -LRB- feel like having sex with your neighbor 's infant ? Do it ! -RRB- while the Wiccan Rede states `` An it harm none , do what ye will . '' The authors also falsely claim that Satanists follow the Rede , when they are not at all compelled by Wiccan dogma , but -LRB- according to the Satanist Bible -RRB- follow their own rules to do whatever 's the OPPOSITE of Christianity.The two examples , provided above , are but the tip of the iceberg for how inaccurate is this dictionary . -LRB- I hope you find this review helpful/truthful because I utterly adore books and education and we 'd all benefit from promoting intelligence instead of lies . -RRB- Best advice in regards to this `` dictionary ''
 The book has alot of good information but they continually compare every religion or doctrine to their own obviously fundalmentalist Christian views . It gets a little old time after time reading how this organization is wrong because they 're not the right kind of Christian .
 Which Is the `` Christian '' Doctrine?Suppose for a moment that the Latter-day Saints were to take seriously the demand that they conform in every particular to `` Christian '' doctrine , and that they then made the attempt to do so . Having complied with such a demand , would the Latter-day Saints find themselves in total agreement with Protestants or with Catholics ? Would they believe in apostolic succession or in the priesthood of all believers ? Would they recognize an archbishop , a patriarch , a pope , a monarch , or no one at all as the head of Christ 's church on earth ? Would they be saved by grace alone , or would they find the sacraments of the church necessary for salvation ? Would they believe in free will or in predestination ? Would they practice water baptism ? If so , would it be by immersion , sprinkling , or some other method ? Would they believe in a substitutionary , representative , or exemplary atonement ? Would they or would they not believe in `` original sin '' ? And on and on.It is unreasonable for other Christians to demand that Latter-day Saints conform to a single standard of `` Christian '' doctrine when they do not agree among themselves upon exactly what that standard is . To do so is to establish a double standard ; doctrinal diversity is tolerated in some churches , but not in others . The often-heard claim that all true Christians share a common core of necessary Christian doctrine rests on the dubious proposition that all present differences between Christian denominations are over purely secondary or even trivial matters-matters not central to Christian faith . This view is very difficult to defend in the light of Christian history , and might be easier to accept if Protestants and Catholics - or Protestants and Protestants , for that mat-ter-had not once burned each other at the stake as non-Christian heretics over these same `` trivial '' differences .
 This book -LRB- By a Christian Counselor -RRB- is careless and outdated - it assumes you are Christian , throws out bible passages as examples that do n't really parallel the situation at hand , and is redundant , at best . The religious doctrine style is distracting and short-changes the real issues.If I wanted to read a Bible , I would of used my own.Amazon should do a better job of screening their books so people know what they 're buying . I would be VERY offended if I were any other religion besides Christian .
 I loved Wheel of Time books one through four . Five got on my nerves , but I liked it . But this , the sixth in the series is a yawner . Either plot or character -LRB- and hopefully both -RRB- moves books . This one has little of either . I am still waiting , at page 824 , to become more than mildly interested . Apparently there are some people who will read anything as long as the secondary world is graphic enough . But grocery shopping is just as boring in WOT , Hobbiton or the real world . And Jordan likes to tell us all of those details -- the carving on the chairs , how a woman 's hair was done , the color of every character 's dress , eyes , decolletage and a million other details that make us feel like he is just filling up space . Jordan 's has succeeded in creating a vast secondary world , but the dramatic tension seems forced , especially in his conflict among the main characters . And his characters still do not seem to grow up . It is almost like reading a novel of a video or RPG . That might please 15 years olds , but not me.I give the novel 2 stars as a nod to the prior novels in the series . Perhaps Jordan rescues the last part of the novel . But really , it should not take this long to tell the story . Knowing that I am only half-way done with the series daunts me . I want to know what happens , but the ride is not nearly as fun as when it started .
 I love this series . This book is not the best in the series - it 's part of Jordan 's mid-series slump.That does n't entirely explain my low rating.This book is obviously an OCRed scan . Thom Merrilin regularly shows up as Thorn . Stern becomes stem . The first page begins with a stray > character . These are n't the only slip-ups . This does n't make it unreadable , but they obviously did n't proof-read it after they scanned it , and did only minimal QA on the ebook conversion . For $ 10 , I expect something with more production value than a random self-published novel . Tor cut a lot of corners on this .
 I was totally hooked when I first started these books . Thecharacters were vivid , the plot was engaging , things movedalong at a good pace . But the more books in this seriesJordan writes , the worse they get . The `` vivid '' charactersnow seem stale and worn-out , since they have n't changed abit -LRB- despite all the incredible things that have happenedto them -RRB- -- they 're still saying and doing the same stupidthings they 've been doing for six books . And the plot is nowdragging and becoming ridiculously twisted and complex . Istopped reading this one in the middle because I just could n'tstand it anymore . -LRB- This is actually the same problem DavidEddings had with `` The Belgariad '' and the series after it -- you can only beat a dead horse so long . -RRB-
 It is fairly obvious that the publisher is going to milk this series for all its worth.There are indications that a number of writers/editors may be involved with writing for the series.Nothing at all wrong with this , if you enjoy the kind of pulp output developed in the 40 's and 50 's and carried through to this series.My Advice
 This was the last book I read in this series four years ago . I did n't even finish it , and I will tell you why . The moment I stopped reading was when Egwene was made head of the Aes Sedai . This just passed any point of ridiculasnes that had occured in the other books -LRB- I was humoring Robert Jordan until that point -RRB- . There was no reason that the Aes Sedai would choose Egwene . She has little experience and is obviously unfit for such a duty . Why would Robert Jordan decide that this would make sense?Because he is a creator of schlop and is a hack , so therefore the plotline must be schlop and reflect his hackiness . I also honestly could have cared less if any of the characters died . In fact , I hoped they would , because by that point , I hated them all . I also had heard that Rand was going to hook up with Min and Elayne and have a three way relationship later on that both girls were perfectly all right with . Robert Jordan must be living vicariously through Rand or something . What a piece of crap .
 I started reading `` the Wheel of Time '' books a long time ago ; I think about 8 years ago . I stopped reading after the seventh , and recently started up again as I saw the release of the 9th book . I 've read through all of them again , and now I see why I stopped.This book is almost , considering the last book and the constant references to the ancient prophecies of the Dragon , almost completely pointless . It has no purpose , nothing happens , nothing is really resolved . I can see Jordan sweating , trying to squeeze out another book in this already bloated series for the money.The last conflict in the story is pretty cool , but it takes about 400 pages of prolix , incredibly irritating `` Men are from Mars , Women are from Venus '' lolly-gagging to get there.If you want a better series , read Martin 's Song of Ice and Fire . Characters actually die ! Things ACTUALLY HAPPEN ! Best yet , he 's promised us that the series is only going to be 6 books long , max .
 Like walking through a desert with a few water holes is how I would describe this book . After fifty or a hundred pages at a time something happens but then we are back to monotony . The climax is quite good but I could not say that it worked out economical to have to read hundreds of pages just to get a few brief parts of interest and a exciting ending . To buy the entire series would be ridcules . For fantasy fans , leave well alone unless your rich and have time on your hands -LRB- or your a insomniac -RRB- .
 I began reading the series better than 6 years ago not knowing it was going to turn into a lifelong pursuit . Lord of Chaos , along with the preceding two books , suddenly began to drag . It 's as if Robert Jordan only has 5 books worth of quality writing to put into this series but is under contract to put it into 10 . I 've been reading Chaos since it was released on paperback -LRB- who knows how long ago that has been -RRB- and I 've yet to finish it . Will I ? Probably , but only because I 've invested too much time in reading the previous 5 and I 'm curious to find out how this whole thing ends.My only hope is that the remaining books pick up the pace somewhat and eliminate a lot of unneccesary bland page filler .
 I guess this series went down hill from book 4 . Its all just mindless rambling on a seemingly interesting world.Since when is the world dominated by women ? I makes me wonder if this is just some pathetic fantasy world where men and women keep their distance but fall in love at first site anyway . These people do n't love each other . Its a very sad excuse for fantasy and romance.The men are terrible . They are actually pushed around by women.Rand - always described as handsome and stubborn . Why do all the women fall in love with him and why does he push them away ? He should just die or disappear.Mat and Perrin - very much the same as Rand . Send them back to the Two Rivers , JordanLan - loves Nynave ? What the HELL ??? WHY ???? Moiraine - thank the Light she 's dead -LRB- or is she ? -RRB- Egwene - thats the funniest name I ever heard . Pathetic , full of herself , somehow loves Gawyn -LRB- or was it Galad ? I barely even remember what happens in this book -RRB- Send her back , too.Elayne - what morons would actually allow her to rule a kingdom ? Send her to the Two Rivers.Nynave - god , someone kill herFaile - kill her tooBy the way , if you 're still devoted to all this garbage , you 've got another 4 books to go . And they get worse and worse . From book 3 to 7 , its like reading an episode out of a superhero comic - in each one , Rand fights one forsaken at the end . You expect almost every single thing and the ones that you do n't are missed anyway.This whole series is like an RPG - a very long , boring one.Its very overhyped and overrated .
 A friend gave me the first six books of WOT . I read all of them , and now I do n't really understand why I wasted my time.Jordan has built a quite respectable and interesting world , and the plot is n't worse than others . But the abundance of clich&eacute;s make for a tiresome read . Why is the moon * always * waxing ? Why does * everybody * lick his/her lips now and then ? The list goes on and on.Another irksome fact of WOT is the silly conflict between the sexes throughout the whole series . In WOT , women tend to think that men are wool-headed lummoxes , and men despair because they really do n't understand women . These facts are repeated hundreds of times , in case you did n't understand them the first time . Jordan must think that this is amusing , but it 's just annoying.Well , in a nutshell , I must say that I do n't care what 's going to happen to this band of peevish `` reluctant heroes '' any more . Jordan lost me here . There are many good fantasy writers out there -LRB- Guy Gavriel Kay and George R. R. Martin come to mind -RRB- , so there is really no need to bother with hacks like Robert Jordan . Please do yourself a favor and DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK .
 You ca n't just sit down and type every single little thing that piles into your head . You have to write , then rewrite , rewrite , rewrite -- and rewrite some more . Otherwise you get the quicksand of this book , and the next one , and the one after that , and ... Do you just hammer them out , then try on hats in front of the mirror , in between trimming and coiffing your moustache ? How much money do you make from this series ? Start earning it!And if Nynaeve tugs on her braid once more , I swear I 'm going to throw this book into the driveway and run over it a few times . Tugging on your own hair hurts .
 I can make it no further . My journey is over . I loved the first and was enthralled with the second parts of my trip . I began to grow weary and slow down in the third and forth . The fifth was a crawl . The sixth , I had hoped , would revive me but alas , my pace was even slower on this even longer section and I feel I have made no progress at all . My journey to Tarmon Gai ` don is over , having never reached the end . Ah , you say , it is not the end , but the journey that matters . I longer care for the journey
 A thousand blood-thirsty Trollocks are on the way to kill you and your friends . At your disposal you have the following choices of weapon
 I just got done with this book after struggling through it for a LONG time ! By far it 's the most boring in the series compared to the previous 5 . Several interesting ideas come into play , but I felt they were poorly executed for the most part . The only worthwhile events were Egwene being chosen as the new Amrylin , the introduction of the Black Tower -LRB- which I thought was brilliant -RRB- , and Nynaeve developing the new Talent of healing the stilling/gentling effect of those who can channel . I felt that the story kept dancing in circles , really not going anywhere . The Forsaken just kind of appear but play no important role , which leaves us with a lot more useless minor characters , and little conflicts with the Cairhien and Andoran Lords/Ladies . I 've noticed a pattern developing that Robert Jordan kind of feels that he needs to keep the books the same length , and just kind of kill of the book as almost an afterthought . The first 4 are by far the best fantasy novels ever written in my opinion however .
 A piece of advice to surfers reading these reviews
 Somehow , personally , I think it was by mass hypnotism Robert Jordan has managed to convince thousands of readers that the wheel of time series is a good read . Apparently I was unaffected by this strange phenomenon for I can clearly see the trash for what it really is . Not to say that the original concept is bad -- it is n't -- but Mr. Jordan has stretched out his limited plot far too much . If he had put everything into one 1,000 page epic rather thatn 8 1,000 page epics , it would have truly been a masterful story . But he did n't mostly due , I 've no doubt , to his love of money . I read through the first five books of the series and started the sixth by convincing myself that something important and interesting would happen eventually
 I will keep this review brief , because I am not proud of the single star I have to give and neither of the message I have to give you.Books 1 , 2 and 3 took me into another world . An amazing world . I thought this book series was on a par with the Lord of the Rings and would potentially surpass it . Then books 4 and 5 came out , which were awesome too . Alas , then there was book 6 . This book was a warning sign of a very bad thing to come
 This series maked me depressed . . My brother was enthralled with this series , and he convinced me to read them . When I was finished , the only consoling thought was that at I did n't pay for them . While the books are well writen , the plot leaves much to be desired , and gets worse as the books progress.How a author can write seven books based on such a unoriginal plot and cast of charactors is beyond me . Somehow it is not surprising that Mr Jordon also wrote a number of conan novels.You might as well be watching TV .
 I met a friend of mine a week ago . He had two moreWoT books for me to read . The reason I gave 3 issimple
 My cousin got me going on these , and I keep trying to convince him he 's nuts . After six telephone books of nothingness , this series is like an EverReady bunny ... it keeps going and going and going . Further and further into nothingness . Bring on the bad guys already and let 's duke it out . I hate quitters , so I know I 'll plow through the sequel -- I forget just why
 The book has a good prologue , and the last 100 pages have a reasonable amount of action . The intervening 900 pages unfortunately are incredibly drawn out and boring.What makes it boring ? Mostly endless posturing , maneuvering , and intrigue on the part of the characters , epitomized by the Aes Sedai `` sniff '' -LRB- every other page an Aes Sedai is sniffing -- it gets old after a while -RRB- . The intrigue is supposed to be complex , but the characters come across as sophisticated as a bunch of third-graders
 This book is easily the worst book I have read in the series so far . The characters are so incredibly stupid I am finding myself hoping the Dark One wins . Could there really be a character as stupid as Nyneave ? She never does anything but get angry , complain , tug her braid -LRB- how many times must we read that ! -RRB- and yet she acts as if she should be in control of everything !! An Aes Sedai gets stabbed and of course the rest of the Aes Sedai claim it is Rands doing . No need to dig any deeper , no need to consider - must have been him . Rand can channel , why would he need to get someone to stab an Aes Sedai ? and why would he do it anyway ? Stupid.Why would the white tower bother to kidnap Rand ? They have to release him sooner or later . Aes Sedai are supposed to be careful and logical and yet they dump mankinds last great hope into a chest !!! That will certainly convince him to trust them !! Stupid , stupid.Gawyn 's sister loves Rand yet without proof , Gawyn wants to kill him because he thinks he killed his mother . No proof that she is dead or that Rand did it . The only fact he has is that Rand is openly supporting his sister and that she loves him . Would any brother believe his sister could love the man who killed their mother ? Yet Gawyn ignores these facts and wants to see Rand dead . Stupid , stupid , stupid.Jordan should take a leaf out of George RR Martin 's books and start killing off some characters -LRB- Nyneave and Faile would be an excellent start -RRB- . Which brings me to the point that if you really want to read fantasy the way it should be written , read the Song of Ice and Fire series or Lord of the Rings .
 The author must hate women . All of his female characters are ambitious , arrogant , self absorbed , petulant , demanding , ungrateful , manipulative , and chauvinistic toward men.I would have long ago taken any one of his female characters across my knee and given a good spaking if I were any of the male characters because they act just like immature children . I certainly would not cow to them the way the men do , or stand for being bullied , criticized and belittled . I would n't fight back , I 'd simply treat them as the obstacles they so often are and ignore them as if they were n't there and do whatever the hell I want to do anyway.These women do not add to or enhance or even support anyone in what must be accomplished . More often than not they are a hinderance , confusing and complicating issues that would have been long resolved had it not been for their meddling.As a woman , I am deeply offended by the portrayal of women in these books !
 I liked the first couple of Wheel of Time books well enough to keep reading , though from the beginning I saw that all comparisons to Tolkien were wishful thinking . Book 5 was hard to finish , though , and I hoped Book 6 would be better . IT 'S NOT . I love books -- I read constantly -- but I could hardly finish Lord of Chaos . If you like to read nearly 1000 pages about people having meetings with various other people , arguing and complaining about the exact same things in about the same words , and having more meetings to discuss it all , then believe me , this is the book for you ! If you like a story , just give up on the Wheel of Time books and find something better . I kept reading Lord of Chaos just so the loose ends could be tied up
 The first two or three books of this series are terrific
 The series started off strong , and became even stronger . It soared to amazing heights in books 3 and 4 , but quickly took the plunge afterwards . By the time book 6 comes along , the characters have nearly become unbearable , and the plot has dissolved into people winking around from place to place with none of the excitement of the journeys found in previous books . It seems to me that the plot has become so complex that Jordan is drowning in it , and no longer sees the overall flow of the story . I read book 7 , and it was slightly better , but I 'm still debating whether or not to continue the series .
 I have at long last , managed to successfully quit reading a series . This is from somone who finished reading a Kevin J. Anderson series simply because I managed to make it through the first one -LRB- Sorry , Kevin , but you suck -RRB- . The first 3 or so books were good reads , and I had made it through the fifth -LRB- I think -RRB- in about two weeks when I discovered something . This author is continuing to write books for money , and will drag this series along until he has wrung every last nickel out of it . There quite easily could be ten books to this series and frankly , I just ca n't make it . Reminds me of when Frank Herbert kept writing Dune novels simply because they kept throwing money at him . Terry Goodkind did a much better job with this type of story .
 After 1000 + pages , can any reviewer honestly state this book is not a literary train-wreck . I tell you with a straight face that this book crippled my interest in fantasy , and for over a year after I threw it down in frustration -LRB- page 612 -RRB- , I was unable to pick up a fictional work - I was that frustrated . And now I return , years later , to provide the public service of berating this slog so that others might avoid the same agony .
 Just the 3 first of the serie are somehow worth the reading . Following the readers review I bought straight the 9 first books . What a mistake . the Game of Thrones or even Sword of truth series are far better than the Wheel of time serie . It is as if Robert Jordan is paid by the line like the french writers from the 19th century , Balzac , Flaubert etc. . . So far I have finished 1 to 7 . From the 4th -LRB- till 7th -RRB- they just are impossible to finish . Like chewing branflakes forever and being unable to swallow it.I really regret I went further the third.Do not make my mistake unless slow rythm and low level action is what you seek.Robert Jordan has also the gift for beginning threads of stories with no intention of closing them , creating new characters without really caring to give them substance , depth or real influence on the plot.My recommendation
 First your alarm goes off and you want to shut it off . But it is out of reach so you decide to get out of bed first . Unfortunately , the light is not on . Turning the light switch does not provide light ... perhaps the bulb burned out or the plug is not in . You check the plug ... it is in . You try another light ... it does not work ... ah ! perhaps you blew a fuse ... etc. etc. . Three hundred pages later you make it out of your bedroom . Still need to get to the kitchen , and who knows what will happen in between ? But ... is all that really interesting ... and if you get to work on time ... is it really important?Books 2 and 3 were great . The rest of this series is putting me to sleep ... it does n't work ... I am loosing interest ... and I am not sure where Jordan is going with this . More importantly , I no longer care !
 I could n't agree with the reviewer more who talks about how long and wordy these books are.I starting reading The Wheel of Time series over 6 months ago . I live in the Bronx and work in Manhattan , so most of my reading is on the subway to and from work . I 'm one of those people who ca n't read in bed ... I am so fed up with Jordan . After reading the books of Tolkien and David Eddings -LRB- whose books are really great !! -RRB- , I got spoiled for stories that move along and characters you really care about . I ca n't say that for Jordan 's epic wordfest !!! I 'm half way thru book 6 . I figure I 've read around 5,000 pages of this stuff . I ca n't say that I really love the series , but since I 've invested so much time in it , I need to see it through , but these characters are so pathetic . You ca n't even like them . The ones you do like disappear for hundreds or thousands of pages . What 's up with that ?!!! By the time they come back , you 've forgotten who they were . I find myself now , not even caring about characters or not even knowing who they are or what they are doing . Why should I care?If only Jordan would cut out a couple hundred pages and make you feel that there is something to look forward to . I was excited today because I got to page 498 . Thank God !! Halfway done !! Only Three more weeks to go then onto Book 7 . Oh , well ... as Moraine Sedai would say , `` The Wheel Turns as the Wheel Wills '' . Too bad she 's dead ... or is she ?
 That a series begun with such promise could devolve into this is sad . Read the first three , or four if you have the stomach for it , and then move on to Martin , Le Guin , Erikson , Tolkien , or even Brooks .
 I really did n't like this one , that title character does seam very pointless and I hope he does n't come back in later books . I only really want you to read this because it will get you to the later book which seems to be to be back on track . Just grit your teeth and read . To me Robert Jordan is the master of the Fantasy -LRB- living master -RRB- but I think he lost the plot a little on this one , maybe fame went to his head
 Let me start off by saying I hope the guy gets well , I 've heard he 's encountered some health problems , I wish him the best ; his books on the other hand ... I got sucked into these hardback novacaine shots on the recommendation of a friend and now I 'm reading them just to return them sooner . I do n't know what people are like on Jordan 's planet , but here on earth they 're nothing like the moronic , annoying , shallow , sniveling , wigglers in these books , and this one has to be the most pointless yet . I read and read and read and nothing of any note happened . The characters do dumb things just for the sake of the plot continuing , the bad guys make me yawn , every city is the same . Let me tell you though , If I read one more page devoted entirely to an outfit , or hear about how stubborn yet beautiful a woman is I 'm heading straight for the wood chipper and I 'm heaving my friends books in . The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is for the fact that the series started out with some scope , a tenuous grasp on something larger than the world of man . That 's long since vanished in the soap opera dithering that can loosely be called dialogue , but I 'm hoping that the upcoming books will get back on track .
 Ok , to stop the naysayers in their tracks - I loved the first 4.5 books ... but man ... get on with the story ! I have read these straight though -LRB- in 3 weeks -RRB- mabye that is my problem , but I dont think so . I love huge stories ... James Clavell , Gary Jennings ... could n't get enough . However , these get very tedious , and I gave up . I hate to say it , because I pride myself on perserverance in these long books , but damn I cringed every time he repeated a phrase ... not to mention , he used the same sentance over and over.If Nynavene `` tugs her braid '' again or of Elayne `` sniff 's loudly '' ... I will be too young.If you like the idea , but want action ... get Goodkinds `` Sword Of Truth '' series ... much more readable . . and not so plodding .
 Am I the only one who thinks Jordan hates women ? Why are all his female characters so manipulative , competative , and controlling ? His books tend to start by re-intoducing the characters -LRB- since you may not have seen them in 1000 pages -RRB- , setting up things tediously for 500 pages , then concluding in an exciting finale that somehow makes you ready to trudge through the next one . For a lovely reduction of the plot -LRB- which is pretty cool -RRB- and better writing , see the myriad of Wheel of Time fan-webpages .
 Two things keep popping up in every negative review of any of the books in this series . One , everyone seems to think the books are too long , and for seemingly no purpose . Of course , Tolstoy makes Jordan look like a captionist for the New York Times , so remember , it could be worse . Two , everyone hates Jordan 's women , especially Nynaeve . I can sympathize . So why not skip the female-bonding chapters ? I have for the last three or so books and have discovered it 's a much better read , and on top of that , I 've discovered that it seems that what the women do -LRB- which really only amounts to whining about or bullying the men , anyway -RRB- is ultimately unessential to the plot . You will feel guilty the first few times you do this , but believe me , you 'll be better off for it . And all those wonderful reviews ! Sheesh ! I ca n't imagine what they 'd consider to be rubbish .
 I 've been reading The Wheel of Time books for about 4 months now -LRB- I only read on my lunch hour , hence , the length of time in which it has taken to get this far -RRB- . When I completed The Lord of Chaos , I threw the book down . I was completely irritated and more than a little frustrated to find that it had ended the way it had . I had so many questions running through my mind and I felt totally ripped off . Moghedian was set free , why ? Had Egwene ever reached Tar Valon to over-ride Elaidas rule there and make the Tower whole again ? Did Mat ever find and marry the Daughter of the Nine Moons ? Did Faile ever forgive Perrin for whatever it was she thought he did ? Did Elayne and Nyneave find the bowl ter ` angreal ? Will Loial return to the stedding to marry Erith ? Who did Rand actually end up with ; Min , Elayne or Aviendha , and whichever it was , what happened to the other two ? Of course , let 's not forget the Dark One ... did he ever destroy the world , or did Rand conquer all evil and set the world to rights ? So many questions and so few answers . I actually advised my best friend NOT to read the entire book , but maybe just the last couple of chapters . Then I found out there actually IS a 7th book in the series , but I 'm a little hesitant to go out and buy it . Will it read as the last 3 in the series have ? Lacking in action and intrigue while going overboard with details that have already been mentioned 1000 times . Afterall , How many times do you have to told what and Aes Sadai is ? I do n't know that I 'd recommend this series to anyone , simply because of the dissatisfaction of the last 3 books , and if you 've already started the series , then stop at the 3rd .
 These books are now apparently being churned out for the purpose of making money for Mr. Jordan , or else we are getting Mr. jordan 's ` stream of consciousness ' as he writes these books . To state it simply in a few words - this book is filled with the same boring stuff over and over again , for 900 pages.The point is , Long does not equal Good , as some people idiotically assume . The dictionary is long , but does it make for good reading ? Do I read for the sake of reading endless descriptions ? I love reading , and I have been an avid reader since the age of 7 . Unfortunately that does n't mean I like to waste time reading about the following : Rand wanders the countryside making and breaking alliances . The Aes Sedai bicker , complain about men , and scheme . The Dark One laughs hideously in the background and plans evil machinations.That about summarizes the plot . The rest of the book is filler . I can read descriptions , but if that 's all a book is , there 's something wron with it . I do n't want to know exactly what everyone eats for dinner every day , or what their hemline is . I do n't like reading pages of `` Ninaeve tugged her hair '' `` Elayne smoothed her skirt '' -LRB- how many times has that sentence been used in the series ?! -RRB- `` Rand did n't understand women '' etc.This book is turning into a boring teenage soap opera where various people try to enter into various relationships and bicker and quarrel and are petulant and jealous CONSTANTLY . If you want to read that , go ahead . If you want good fantasy look somewhere else .
 After 900 MORE PAGES of text , I found that the characters I was at least vaguely interested in during the first and second installments of this rediculously long series are simply annoying . Rand
 Readers who 've been giving 4 or 5 stars to this book or others in the series amaze me . No doubt a fair percentage of them watch the daytime soaps that run for 20 + years ... Quantity does n't mean quality . Another review stated that an author writing a `` series '' keeps going until he `` runs out of ideas . '' NOT TRUE . A series should be as long as it needs to be without meandering . LOTR was three books -LRB- 4 if you count The Hobbit -RRB- but every page meant something , served a purpose , moved the story forward . WOT treads water.Is Jordan getting paid by the page ? Or by the word ? Where ten words could suffice , Jordan uses two hundred and fifty.I have just enough interest in these characters to keep me reading the series , but I do n't need page-long descriptions of everyone 's hair , breeches , chin , face , skirt , expression , cleavage , skin color , sweat , shoes , etc. . Or the furniture , paintings , murals , carpet , ceilings , gardens , horses , inns , dust and brambles around them.Why does every character we meet , however minor , need a first name , last name , physical description , brief history , etc. ? If there 's an innkeeper , just call her `` innkeeper , '' not `` Mistress so-and-so , a Taraboner , with a high-pitched voice and a round face , not beautiful but handsome , wearing a dress which would have put any Domani woman to shame , a low neckline displaying considerable cleavage , and black , curly hair falling to her shoulders , with a gleam in her eye , blah blah blah . `` NO ONE CARES.I have given up keeping track of people , especially the 200 different Aes Sedai and the 450 servants we 've met along the way . I no longer care where the countries are in relation to one another , or who rules them , or who leads the armies , because it simply does n't matter.Perhaps Jordan alone is n't to blame . We keep buying his books . And who the heck is the editor ? I will be moving on to 7 and 8 , eventually , but I feel no sense of urgency since apparently this story will never end .
 I ca n't believe the number of good reviews I 've seen on this book . This volume advances the plot by so little , it could have been done in 100 pages or less . And I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who 's getting sick and tired of the endless bantering , ranting and raving of the women in the book -LRB- especially Nynaeve -RRB- . It seems like Mr. Jordan is determined to just make all of the female characters in the book look like fools -LRB- he 's doing a great job so far -RRB- . I had originally thought that this series was going to end at 8 books , but now I 'm not so sure . It seems that Jordan is just going to drag this series out for as long as it takes . The writing is getting worse , the situations are getting less interesting , and it seems that he 's writing to an audience of 12-year-old boys .
 This review is for the casual fantasy novel reader , not teenage/young adult fanatics of the series.Okay , for all of you that have made it through the first five books and are wondering whether or not to continue , do n't . The first four books are pretty solid work , well-developed and fun to read , if not a little long -LRB- where is his editor I wonder -RRB- . But beginning in book 5 everything starts to slow way down . Book 6 is 900 pages and nothing happens . Even worse , the two stated goals at the beginning are not met by the end and it takes the author 100 pages in book seven to wrap things up . Finally , the characters are becoming less and less likeable in each novel , which makes you wonder what 's the point?My advice is to read something by David Eddings or Terry Brooks , the true leaders in this field .
 Imagine a reporter following around a cranky old couple and recording all their bickering . For 10 years.Now take that bickering and add tedious descriptions of such amazing items as pots , pans , horse saddles , dresses , taverns , and furniture.Now add references to breasts after each of these unnessesary descriptions . Better yet - tie breasts into that description somehow.Next , throw in some interesting fantasy concepts based on Eastern philosophy . Before this takes off and the reader actually starts to get interested , though , add more of the bickering . And a few more breast references . Also , take 13 pages to inform the reader that the protagonist has left their room at the inn and is now in the horse stables.Do this for 900 pages.Viola ! You now have Robert Jordan 's Lord of Chaos , Fires of Heaven , and , judging by the reviews , every other book that follows in this series.Don ' t get me wrong - I was a big fan of this series . I loved the plot , the concepts Jordan introduced , the Aiel , Aes Sedai , Dragon Reborn , etc. . He started with a great story.Unfortunately he does n't end with one.Most people mention book 6 or 7 turning them off . I started to get suspicious after book 3 . That was the first time I finished and said to myself , `` Wait , it took him 600 pages for THAT ? '' Book 4 was even worse , but I was still into it . Book 5 was when I realized it was an ongoing theme . Book 6 was the last straw . I 'm done.Specifically , here 's what I have against the Wheel of Time : Detail - There 's good detail and bad detail . Tolkein gave histories , insights into dwarven and elvish culture , etc. . Things that enriched his fictional universe . This is good detail . A whole page describing what type of dress Nyneve is wearing is not good detail . Two pages describing what Rand saw as he walked to the stables is not good detail . If you take 900 pages to write a book that would have been twice as good if it were 450 pages , you 're not giving good detail.Breasts - Why is Jordan so obsessed with these ? The guy goes out of his way to mention breasts . `` Egwene folded her arms beneath her breasts '' , `` The necklace that held the two rings hanging between Nyneve 's breasts '' , `` Elayne caught sight of almost-too-low-cut dress that showed part of her breasts . '' Robert - just write a detailed , thorough , graphic love scene for yourself and get it all out of your system . Honestly . His books read like a 14 year old boy 's mental commentary while watching Desperate Housewives.The Women - Jordan 's mental archetype of women appears to be a stubborn , cantankerous , petty , insecure , attractive woman with -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- , prominent breasts . Was his mother this way ? Sisters ? Wife ? I ca n't help but wonder , seeing as every woman in his books has the exact same personality . And unfortunately that personality is very annoying.Nynaeve tugged her braid - Just go ahead and call the next book in this series
 My apologies to those who are in love with the series , but this book is just terrible . Hundreds and hundreds of pages of boring dialogue , too lengthy descriptions , and absurd characters.What is it with the girls in this series ? Jordan makes you want to hate them all ! Especially Nynaeve and Faile . I mentally groan anytime the story moves to Nynaeve and Elayne and their stupid , shallow sisters in Salidar . They are just getting more boring and less developed as the series continues.Jordan storytelling has devolved to having his female chauvinists lie to and manipulate their boorish male companions as they flounder around the countryside arguing endlessly as they do increasingly poorly explained things.It almost seems as if Jordan had become bored with his story by this time , but had a page limit he had to reach to achieve parity with his other novels and had to stave off his climax for 700 more pages than he wanted to.I have kept reading so far because the time effort put into the series so far is significant and I am still interested in * some * of the characters . But , for the first time ever , I caught myself yelling at a book in frustration -LRB- after one of the nerve-gratingly long description of something completely irrelevant -RRB- . This will be the last of this series I will read .
 The book is unreadable for someone unfamiliar with the series . Even in an intricate series each books need to have the ability to stand alone , this one does not . It 's like reading a never ending soap opera , of the daytime variety .
 I love this series when I started it , but there is no end to it . Characters who died are resurrected two books later , subplots you are deeply involved in achieve no resolution in the currant book , are hardly mentioned in the next and not resolved until the third in line - by which time you hope the good guys die horrible deaths :-RRB- Jordan is one heck of a writer - but he abusing his readers .
 This book answers a few questions and begins to set the major players in place for the final battle . There is
 The Wheel of Time series is `` New Age '' fantasy . Channeling , a new age technique , is the only form of magic in this series . The series GARBAGE ! I 've read much better fantasy than Robert Jordan . For example , Terry Goodkind 's Sword of Truth series is 100 times BETTER than the Wheel of Time ! I wasted my time reading the 1st 6 books , and I am glad I had the sense to stop there ! Do n't waste your money buying JUNK ! Do n't waste your time reading this JUNK !
 The book is not at all as described -LRB- good condition -RRB- . The binding is torn , pages damaged , and no dust cover .
 Why in the name of the Creator did Rand allow Alanna to LIVE after bonding him by ambush , against his will like that ? I mean , I would have at the very least tied off the flow that cut her off from the True Source permanently !
 I am about two books behind in the series as the books are released and I have got to say that book 4 started bogging down for me , book 5 was hard to get through and book 6 is just plain hard to pick up again once you put it down.Enough is enough already . There have been so many plot lines intorduced and so many loose ends exposed that I really think it is about time Jordan started tying a few of them up . It really is beginning to look as if the series will just go on forever now , and the monotony of reading them now is beginning to make the entire series seem like just a marketing ploy to keep people buying books indefinitely until they die . If you think the series will end with Jordan 's death , think again . They did it with James Bond , they can find another writer , some protoge ' of Jordan 's , to pick up the series with very little effort at all.I may stop reading sometime in the middle of this book . I know others will probably go on , having been sucked in , but for me I am just about all done in .
 Things continue to get bleaker for our heroes in * Lord of Chaos
 I acutally spoke to Robert Jordan at a book signing at the time this book came out . At that point I asked him : `` how many books there were going to be in the series ? '' 7 to 9 he says , not quite sure yet . `` about the plot - do you have it worked out ? '' Making it up as I go.My heart sank when I got these answers and it probably explains why the series has got so bad from this point onwards . I stopped reading this series when I heard these answers , because I knew it was n't going to end up well plotted out and was just drifting on and on.This may explain a few mysteries as to why this series has declined in quality so badly . He 's got 2 stars because the books were still readable at this time - but there was/is no end in sight still .
 The rampant mary-suism , the perfect -LRB- and morally superior -RRB- aiel , the spanking the lectures from Rand and the wise ones , and the sister-wives have at last done me in . I liked this series at first because the characters were small town kids setting off on adventures . Suddenly they are all uber-powerful super-teens who boss around people twice their age . They are all beautiful , wise , and eternally youthful of face . Everyone who is anyone is about 20 years old . The 20 year olds can wield weapons like veterans twice their age . The female characters are almost universally ` the most powerful the tower/wise ones ' have ever seen . Rand laments the deaths of female chararacters and yet persists in having a female honor guard and three girlfriends . Totally inconsistant with his upbringing . The sister wife thing ... Yeek ... Total guy fantasy . No self-respecting woman let alone a queen would agree to ` share ' her man with two other women ... Women do n't share very easily I do n't care how close they are . There is jealousy and hurt , and lack of equality.Towards the end of this one I began to loathe Rand 's character . He is supercillious and annoying .1 star .
 The book has some good stuff , but the majority is rand going back and forth . I 'm pretty far , but it will take a lot of will-power to get myself to finish the book .
 For those of you who think that this book is the most wonderful thing on the face of the planet , I ca n't help but wonder how boring your lives are . To be perfectly honest I stopped reading the book about halfway through it , and whether or not I 'll ever have the ambition to finish the rest of it is doubtful . Every single one of his books feels the same when you read it . The first 100-250 or so pages are the dullest , most pointless things in the world . The amount of detail he puts in to his stories is even harder to get through than Tolkien , but unlike that master story teller Jordan fails to hold his audience 's interest for very long because he spends so much time talking about stupid , pointless things . His story is very reminiscent of another series -LRB- or at least the early books are -RRB- by Terry Goodkind called `` The Sword of Truth , '' but the difference between the pair is that Goodkind 's books are the type that you never want to put down and unlike Jordan 's characters Goodkind 's act their age , but of course that brings up another flaw in the books -- the timeline . You look at the appendix or whatever it is in the back of the book and it seems amazing how much he focuses in on the timeline , but if you actually keep track of how much time passes between the first and the sixth then a slight problem arises
 This is a great book -LRB- 5 star content -RRB- , however , the kindle edition does not have the new redesigned cover -LRB- reason for 1 star rating -RRB- . I really hope this gets fixed soon . The new covers are the only reason I am purchasing these books on the kindle . All the other WOT books I have purchased for the Kindle have the nice redesigned cover . If you want to know what the cover should look like -LRB- from the Tor Website -RRB-
 This book nearly did me in . The petty torments the characters shove at each other is unbelievable . Matt being tormented by the Aes Sedai about his magic immunity is but one of many many examples . Everyone has their own agenda and wo n't veer away from it to help one of their `` friends '' or `` allies '' even if it means the end of the world . So Rand is the Dragon Reborn and yet the Aes Sedai insist on controlling him rather than working with him . Their arrogance is frustrating and hardly credible , even those who are from Emond 's Field and supposedly his friends . Just why does Rand `` love '' Elayne and Avienda anyway ? I can understand Min , but not the other two . At what point do the characters in these books , most especially the Aes Sedai , finally HELP rather than hinder the war against the Dark One . I 've had no problem putting the book down to read other things ; even knowing I may loose the story line . I loose the plot anyway after 6,000 or so pages , with no synopsis or good glossary .
 If you thought this latest book would be more of the same as the other books in the series , think again . I was a little wary picking this one up as I was getting tired of 450 pages of Rand , Perrin , and Mat wandering the land getting dumped on by women , and 450 pages of Elayne , Nynaeve , Aviendha , and Egwene being total bitches to each other and everyone they meet . Then , with a 100 pages to go , Rand goes off and finds some random Forsaken to kill.Robert Jordon must have had some critiques in this regard because this book is totally different . At the beginning of the book , Rand finds out that Rahvin did not , in fact , kill Queen Morgase . Rand feels guilty about killing Rahvin even if he was one of the Forsaken . Rahvin was just minding his own business trying to run Caemlyn because the Queen just up and left on him when Rand shows up to kill him . Because of his mistake , Rand must now run Caemlyn himself or find someone else to do it . The only logical choice is Elayne . So , Rand fast-travels to Salidar to find her.When he gets there , Elayne has already left . He finds Egwene , though , and learns that she is holding Moghedien captive through a bracelet that was once used on Egwene a few books ago . After a few chapters of Egwene insulting Rand about how wool-brained and stubborn he is , Rand learns that all the achievements Egwene , Elayne , & Nynaeve were being praised for by the other Aes Sedai were actually tortured out of Moghedien and passed off as their own.Egwene explains that it is the best solution because if the Aes Sedai found out , they would kill her . Rand comes up with a better way of dealing with Moghedien by asking her in secret if she would like to be bonded to him as her warder . Doing so , she would be allowed to live and he would grant her amnesty but she would be bonded in only doing as he commanded . She agrees and Rand does it . They are making plans for escape when Egwene calls her to meet in private . Through the newly created bond , Rand can feel Egwene torturing Moghedien for information about her suspected plan . Rand finds her by following the pain and rescues Moghedien by creating a gateway back to Caemlyn . Once safe , he removes the bracelet , by which Moghedien is eternally grateful.Rand and Moghedien spend some time together and learn through talking and through their bond that they are very much the same . Rand comes to the conclusion that the real evil in the world are the Aes Sedai . Once this was revealed , it made sense why Robert Jordan spent five books making the most unlikable , evil characters ever written . If you think about it , it makes sense . What `` evil '' are all the Forsaken doing throughout the books ? Quietly minding their own business running cities ? That 's about all I can think of . On the flip-side , what are Aes Sedai doing ? Bullying and bending the truth would be at the top of the list . Mat gets tortured , picked-on , and feces thrown at him by Aes Sedai . Rand and Lan are raped -LRB- Jordan 's words -RRB- by Aes Sedai.When the pieces are finally put together , Rand is enraged at the treachery and deceit . He then links with Moghedien and performs that stunt he used in the third book where he senses the same likeness in his enemies and channels them to explode . At first , he can only do Caemlyn but then , he makes gateways to the other cities and spends the rest of the book hunting them down.The thrilling climax comes when he learns that the four most powerful Aes Sedai , Egwene , Elayne , Aviendha , & Nynaeve , have learned to resist his attacks . He finds out they possess attributes that make them almost as powerful as the Dark One himself . Since they never had the Oath Rod to limit their powers , they used lying , cheating , hypocrisy , stubbornness , insulting , & mega-bitchiness to become more powerful than any Aes Sedai in history . Robert Jordon spent time in every book , when he was n't spending ten pages to describe a room or street or the clothes a girl was wearing , writing about how those girls were the most powerful Aes Sedai in a thousand years . I just never put two and two together about what made them so powerful.Rand knows that he 'll need help in defeating them so he asks Moghedien to contact the other Forsaken and enlist their help . They meet up with the rest of the Forsaken and Rand discovers that the Forsaken were , in fact , seals in the Dark One 's prison . Not sealed in with the Dark One , but seals to keep the Dark One from escaping . They had known all along that it was the Aes Sedai that were the Dark One 's followers . Jordan has said many times in the books that it is the Aes Sedai that run the nations and that kings and queens bow to them . What more could the Dark One want ? The only thing that could get in the way of that would be men standing up to them . So , they bully all the men into submission and hunt down all the men able to channel and kill or still them.Even though learning all of this just confirmed his suspicions , Rand is even more enraged than ever . With the Forsaken at his side , he confronts the Dread Aes Sedai , Egwene , Elayne , Nynaeve , & Aviendha . Both sides link with each other but Rand 's powers are pushed to limit . Even though he is linked with the most powerful names in history , he can not overcome the Dread Aes Sedai , for they have powers no man can stand up to . The Glare . The Stare . The Chin Lift . The Sniff . The Braid Tug . The Plunging Neckline . The Skirt Smooth . The Lip Thin . The Eye Tighten.Will Rand be able to save the world from the Dark One and his followers ? Read the stunning conclusion of Robert Jordan 's epic series , The Wheel of Time subtitled Bitchy Women Bullying Men .
 This book is ok . It 's long and drawn out and does n't get very far into the story but the ending makes up for a good deal of it . There are also more main characters for you to keep up with so remeber names . Yes it is neccasary to read for Wheel of Time fans .
 This series stopped being good after book 3 . Jordan is really stretching this series out . The action is severely slowing . There charcters are becoming cookie cutter an uninteresting . Jordan is wasting about half of the book on regurgitating things you have read before and the other 50 % is wasted in overly detailed descriptions of what characters look like , clothing items , and how they they see another character.Jordan dropped the ball on this series and it should have ended in 3 books .
 ... when I had trouble sleeping at night ... all I had to do was pick this book up and I 'd be passed out within 15 minutes . I 've read the first six books of this series , and this one by far , was the most difficult to get into and finish . The only character who seemed to grow and mature was Egwene . Perhaps it is time for me to go to another author/series ... any suggestions ?
 This book is huge ; -LRB- which is not saying much in regards to the WOT , but this book seemed the biggest so far -RRB- so huge I can barely remember anything that happens , except the ending which was decent . Besides that , I do remember the beginning of the book where various peoples were gathered in the court of Tear to witness Rand announce something or punish someone or some such thing -LRB- again , my memory fails me -RRB- . Anyway , a good chunk in the beginning of the book detailed how everybody in that court was staring at or studying someone else . Really ; it went something like this -LRB- and I 'm not quoting verbatim -RRB-
 Maybe I 've missed something all along . Maybe Jordan 's latest Wheel of Time installment , the 1,000-page Lord of Chaos , is in fact a masterpiece
 Well what can I say ... I liked the first book to an extent , but this is too much . The Aes Sedai do seem to smell of Bene Geserit , the Aiel of Fremen , Rand ` al ` Thor of Paul Atreides and the rest is just filling the gaps with slightly personal / emotional scenes that are remarkably all alike . And on top of that , the action is WAY too slow . In fact , nothing happens.To elaborate on the above , all themes seem well known already , or just caricatures of the original ones , or , even , not well enough thought about . Its all very convenient reading about unreadable Aes Sedai faces , while they really are intensely angry inside , and - somehow - they manage to hide it . Why not , Bene Geserit could do it on the spot - it 's just that I cant seem to remember any particular White Tower training scene . It just happens , somewhere , somehow . Or , how nice indeed , having a thing like Ta ` veren to exploit whenever the situation turns a little crampy . Oh look , a lightning fell from the sky and the hero is saved miraculously because he is ta ` veren . And why bother immersing the reader on a Daes Daemar intrigue ? Just mention the thing , surely , it happens on the background being shadowy and stuff , no need for the reader to know how it 's done really . Very convenient indeed . And intriguingly unimaginable.First perspective scenes follow two major patterns , depending on whether the character is a man or a woman . On the first case , in almost all scenes , he will be whining about his situation whether favorable or not , about his ` duty ' that is ` so hard to do ' , constantly in denial about his ` special ability ' whether it 's channeling or being ta ` veren or anything else . On the second case , she will be muttering about how capable she is , how wool-headed men are -LRB- wool-head seems to be one of the writer 's favourite words -RRB- , about the difference of men and women . Couple scenes are always about their love , and strangely enough on how they do not understand one another under any circumstances.There is not much to say about the action . It is just extremely slow . One or two major events , that you are already expecting , and the rest is Nynaeve tugging her braid . Will Rand defeat evil _ insert name of Forsaken here _ ? Please.Finally , concerning RJ 's writting style , there are just a lot of repeating phrases and situations -LRB- tugging of braid , strange cats in a room , couple not understanding each other etc -RRB- , that seem to make the plot even more boring and impersonal . Not only the scenes are similar , RJ 's wording is highly repetitive , utterly eradicating the book 's last hope of originality . On top of that , he keeps on going about unnecessary details , while the plot could fit in a paragraph , though not a very good one.My suggestion
 I have been very pleased with this series up until this point . The plot has moved well , and all of the characters have been interesting.After the sixth book I expected to see a little closure on some of the issues facing Rand and other characters in this series , but instead I find that the plot of the story has only moved an inch , out of the mile that it still has to go and the mile that it has already gone . How can you , an author , expect to retain readers when you do not continue a story 's plot ? The only thing this book did was relocate the characters . The personalities stayed the same , and all of the problems that were there at the beginning of the book are still there at the end.Needless to say , I will never buy another book in this series again , since this one was frustrating and a waste of time ...
 I bought the two books , despite the price because everyone talked about them . After a year or so I 'm still not through . The writing is incredibly theoretic and boring . There are endless sections on how ecosystems work , but written in a textbook style manner you actually fall asleep.It is not a handbook either were you could look things up , real hands on information is very little.There are some useful tables in the end but most are only useful for those in the US.I really regret having spent that much money on this book . I should have bought Mollisons design manual instead , at least there 's some information to be found .
 Eric Toensmeier , who co-wrote this book , also wrote Perennial Vegetables . As previously stated , I should have known . Perennial Vegetables was sorely disappointing . It seems that Eric , when teamed up with Dave Jacke , can produce much worse a book than Eric can on his own.When adults who are speaking to other adults use such words as ` poop ' and such phrases as ` soil buddies ' and ` guild-build ' , I ca n't help but feel either insulted by or embarrassed for those who are speaking . I have n't been in primary school for quite a number of years . Do n't talk down to me . Perhaps I stand alone on this matter.The chapters meander through topics only to backtrack and cover those topics again before backtracking and covering those topics again so that the authors can backtrack and cover those topics again in order to backtrack and cover those topics again . Then , after all , the authors attempt to cover those topics again from a different point of view which is actually nothing more than the same point of view restated.Their ` theories ' are the work of dilettantes . The only usable information was cited from other sources . After reading this book I know little or nothing more about forest gardening than I did before reading it . Had I gone into this with no understanding whatsoever of forest ecology and no idea whatsoever of how to research the subject on my own , I might believe that this attempt at a treatise was worth the exorbitant price tag ; instead , I feel cheated by two hipsters pretending to be scientists.Does anybody want to buy a book ?
 I had no expectations about this book and after reading it felt the author was misogynistic and self-indulgent . Would not recommend .
 I was assigned this book by my monthly book club . I had great difficulty getting into the first chapter but forced myself to keep going . Many books start slow , then get better . By the end of the chapter I was doubtful but liked it a little better . I decided to read on . The second chapter had nothing to do with the first . It was like an entirely different story . It was equally difficult to read . The book took a turn at this point and started to become very dirty indeed . I threw the book away wih no regrets .
 Not only was the writing covoluted and the subject matter offensive -LRB- the sex scenes -RRB- the tone of the story was negative and depressing , The Book club members refused to read the Entire Book . I did , however , since I was charged with conducting the discussion.Only plus was the reality of the the `` personless
 This was my first book by Kundera . I did n't understand it very much to tell you the truth , although I learnt that Milan has a pathologic fixation about the Soviet Invasion to the Czech Republic -LRB- to which he refers in every story of the book -RRB- .
 I found this book to be confusing and disorganized as a reference guide . Please just give us the syntax , samples and any helpful shortcuts and a useful index !
 I 've hated this book . I am an experienced programmer , with little database experience . I like my technical books to be brief and to the point . I started reading the PL/SQL guide with a few simple questions
 This book is so incredibly long and verbose that it is impossible to use to actually learn PL/SQL in a self-directed manner . Each of its numerous long chapters is so focused on a small , isolated sub-topic of PL/SQL that it spends over 500 pages just to cover the basics of PL/SQL . At that point , 500 pages into the book it says , `` by now you have mastered the basics of PL/SQL '' and begins a series of long chapters on small , isolated advanced sub-topics . Incredibly , the book does not cover or even mention the essential , crucially important `` Windows Functions '' added to the ISO SQL standard in 2003 . A professional must , repeat must , know those `` Windows Functions . `` Computer science students who are reading this book under the auspices of a college professor will undoubtedly learn a great deal from this book during many , many hours of reading it in the context of a two semester course where their professor discusses with them the essential points . That however is little comfort to a working professional who needs to get answers to real world Oracle SQL problems in a hurry . For a working professional who needs to get real work done and does not have time to spend weeks reading , this book is practically useless .
 When looking for a solution to practical real life programming problems , I find it hard to find a solution or an answer in this book . The focus is by far to much on style and how the author would do it rather than to offer relevant working examples relating to the real world , contradicting the title of the book . I got a lot of paper for my money , but that 's about it .
 Why so much empty speech and `` humour / esprit &agrave; deux sous '' ? Mister Feuerstein is apparently not so sure about the meaning of a constant . The code examples can be confusing . I had the impression that selling that what is intended to be humor is more important than clarifying the pl/sql features . Mister Feuerstein knows probably a lot about pl/sql , but not necessarily about software engineering . In short
 Yes this is the BIG name BUT unfortunately there are errors aplenty -LRB- the cursor for loop for example -RRB- & the EXAMPLES are worthless . Snippets of nonsense not good for really running code . The organization is poor . Buy the book from OraclePress or the 21 days to PL/SQL if a starter instead . Ignore this one . I wish I did .
 This book starts with `` What is PL/SQL ? '' . But through the following 900 pages , I could not find a simple example showing how to test run a simple PL/SQL code or procedure through Oracle sqlplus or other Oracle calling interface , such as OCI and Proc . Well , my rating above might be biased . I made a career change from physics to become a professional C/C + + programmer by reading K&R 's C Programming Language to begin with . However , I do not feel reading this book alone can get me anywhere but waste all my time . If five stars for K&R 's , one star is all for this book . It 's a matter of Simple and Beautiful vs Complicate and Ugly .
 A few weeks ago , I decided to learn PL/SQL . I browsed the Amazon site to look for a good book for beginners . I picked this book based on the good review by the other readers . At the time , I did not know those reviewers , most likely had some experience with PL/SQL before they bought this book . After reading this book half way , I definetly rate this book highly if I have experience in PL/SQL . This book would be a good one for beginners if the author rearranges the order to the chapters . Right from the start , the author uses function , package and procedure to illustrate some of his points . Unfortunately , he does not introduce these 3 topics until later in the book . Poor me !! I did not have a easy time . I do not blame the author because he never claims that this book is intended for beginners .
 This book is useless as reference it doesnt fully describe basic functions like to_number . author waste pages on style which is useless to experienced programmers . waste of money
 I ordered Oracle Pl/Sql Programming version 3 but they mailed meversion 2 . This is a big B.S. ,
 The Shore Road Mystery re-write was n't nearly as good as the original , wherein Frank and Joe bought a used fancy car , fixed it up , and hid in the trunk . Their Trojan Horse technique carried them right into the lair of the auto thieves ; after numerous exciting brushes with danger , they were able to escape and bring back the police.The re-write was n't nearly as tense . It 's possible that was purposeful . At the end of the original , Fenton Hardy muted his pride for his sons ' accomplishment with the admonition that their tactic had simply been too dangerous , and they could have been seriously injured or worse.But that 's what made the book good . Kids enjoy stories of that nature because nothing like that ever happens to teens in real life . Really , how many teams of teen-brother detectives do you think are operating in the USA just now , solving crimes and mysteries every other week -LRB- while owning cars , motorcycles , ice boats , airplanes , you name it -RRB- ? This is fiction , it 's escapism , it 's fun and it 's supposed to be .
 For some reason , I found the whole notion of him falling in love with her so fast to be unbelievably unrealistic . This book had a lot of unrealistic moments that made me cringe . For instance , Brian MCKnight , Donnie McClurkin and Boys II Men playing at their wedding . Really author ? Come on .
 I enjoyed this book very much . It was one of the best romance novels I have read . Everythng just tied together so well . I would like to read the sequel . I know that is is going to be just as good as this one .
 I was expecting the border town of Mexacali food . It is anything but . For the price it is more of a colorful small coffee table book . Not very many recipes . It should have a diffferent title .
 It is a CD-ROM with an associated user 's book that has a bare minimum of information.The CD-ROM is searchable and in HTML . It covers all the packages and classes of Java 2 . It 's style is very similiar to Java in a Nutshell . The search works by allowing you to type in the name of any class , method , or field . The CD-ROM will take you directly to the page covering that topic or give you a list of topics if there is more than one.This CD-ROM 's major competitor is the Java Almanac . I prefer the almanac because it is paper.The CD-ROM has a nice browsing system , but given the fact that it does not have class/method descriptions , I think I will typically use the free HTML help that comes with JDK over this CD-ROM . The only time I envision using this CD-ROM is when I am working with a non-core API .
 If you are in need of a good reference , do not buy this one . It contains a book -LRB- ~ 50 pages -RRB- and a CD-ROM . The book contains no details at all . Just an overciew of Java2 news . You can download this info . from sun for free . The CD contains a searchable API reference . The organisation and the presentation of the information is really poor . All the helping comments are taken away . You just see the method name and what they return . I was hoping to get a good on-line ref . but THIS IS NOT IT . I recomend the on-line help that comes with IBM Visual Age for Java . The hole product costs under 100 dollars .
 This `` Reference '' consists only of a CD-Rom with 130 MB and a very small booklet which concentrates on how to use the CD . The online reference on the CD claims to be a complete listing of all Java Classes and Packages , but without any example it 's not as valueable as expected . Unfortunatly the surely required copy-protection causes a denial of service , when you try to copy all the files to your harddrive . This is a certain drawback , when you want the reference to be quickly available . No detailed reference , really .
 The DISC personality system on which all of the parenting advice in this book is based reminds me of your run-of-the-mill horoscopes , Birthday books , birth-order personality descriptions , and other miscellanea of that ilk
 I purchased this book to be used as a reference book . I already had our SBS up and running -LRB- and even if I did n't , I do n't think this book would have helped too much -RRB- . The book goes on and on about the features of Small Business Server and how easy it is for the administrator to set up and maintain -LRB- the book does this for at least a hundred pages -RRB- . I believe knowing about all of the features are important , but the book lacks in not showing the reader how to troubleshoot and inplement most of them . Some of the features that I was trying to implement were advanced but not out of the ordinary . This book did n't halp me at all.I have read many text books in my days . I felt that this book was the worst purchase I have made in a long time . This book would n't be that bad if the reader was never going to set up the server , but wanted to know what the server could do .
 I only wish there was a 0 star rating . I do n't recommend this book . While I agree ATL is complex , the book skips around , has unclear examples , and left me more confused then when I started .
 Pedantic repitition of technical details that can be found elsewhere . Not concerned with questions of practicality , and seldom willing to become critical . Ca n't recommend .
 This is not a very good book on ATL . Examples are esoteric and confusing .
 I tried to read through this book in relation to the creation of ActiveX controls I however found information missing and holes in what was there . I ended with alot more questions that answers . A number of subjects ended with the reader having to come to there own conclusion without the book drawing the conlusion for you . This spends most of its time explains in detail how COM does this etc and why , but never how to use ATL on the outside . I found trying to use this book to write a simple project painfull and confusing . Internals it might have but as a explation of how to use ATL forget it . Its internals information is not even that good .
 While I respect the authors as programmers since this book does contain some valuable information , they have no business writing books . This book spends all of its effort discussing how COM works and then how ATL was implemented and provides little insight on how to actually use ATL . After reading this book I was very discouraged from using ATL . Few things are adequately explained . I wonder who the target audience for this book is ? It is certainly not ActiveX developers . The second half of the book is superior to the first half . Inside COM , by Rogerson , puts Inside ATL to shame .
 This is a great book if you are already intimately familiar with COM . Their coverage of the Component Object Model is not too good . Also , coverage of building an ActiveX control container with ATL is very limited . Everyone covers building controls . Few books make connection points and events in ActiveX understandable .
 I am a beginner to ATL and COM . I was excited first that there is a book on ATL from Microsoft Press . After going through this book , I am quite disappointed . The book has no direction , poor in building up the concepts . I feel the authors just opened the atl header files and started pouring all those details into different chapters . If a beginner is looking for a good ATL book , I do n't think this book is the right one .
 This is one of the most worthless MS Press books I 've ever bought . This piece of garbage does not even include the simplest example of creating a simple Hello World application using the ATL Window Classes . The samples in this book all assume that you 'll be implementing dialog based applications . So using this book for what I wanted , window based containers for ActiveX controls , is totally not possible.I wish I could give this book fewer stars .
 I was really disappointed with this book . Although it does enumerate a fair number of the variations and choices present in ATL better than the MSDN docs do , it does nothing to explain what the more complex ones really do or why you 'd want to use them.The trivial stuff is covered quite extensively but you 'd expect anybody that has some proficiency with ATL and looks for a book called `` INSIDE ATL '' to want to know the dirt on the more advanced concepts/techniques . The reader probably knows plenty about the basics and is looking for real meat . Instead , he/she gets fluff.A case in point is the coverage of ActiveX control creation . The book joyfully enumerates the interfaces that ATL provides canned implementations for when you pick different options and macros , but zero information about how the canned implemetations work , how you extend them , what the implementation philosophy is ... You know , all that stuff you actually need to know in order to do something * useful * . So , basically , the book does not live up to its billing .
 It is better to look at ATL source code under ATL \ include directory than read this book . You would have better understanding on ATL .
 I was looking forward to this book for several months . It was supposed to be released originally Oct. ' 98 , but the release date kept getting later and later . I really thought once it did come out it would be a good book . Boy was I wrong . I would recommend trying a different book if you want to learn or use ATL .
 The lousiest book I have ever read . I happened to buy this just because its from Microsoft press . I bet there should be better books on ATL
 I needed this book by a certain date for school and I was told it was Free 2-Day Shipping . I did n't come for like 2 months , after I had moved and started law school . Totally defeated the purpose . I still do n't know what took it so long .
 The first two books in the series are distinctly excellent and compelling science fiction . Not sure what happened here - this book is frustratingly aimless . Mr. Park 's writing remains very good , but not good enough to make this nearly plotless book readable .
 I knew this book inside and out , but I still failed the test . The practice exam questions in this book look NOTHING like the questions on the actual exam . I would not recommend this book if you are hoping to pass the SQL exam . However , it is a good starting point .
 there is not option to give 0 star so i 've given 1 starI just got pissed of by reading this bookfirst time i got 600 after using this book i got 400 only -LRB- ??? -RRB- at second time
 I had high hopes for this books since the Mass Eye and Ear atlas is so well done . This book , however , is not an easy read and I feel that the topics are not really consistent with board-type material . Also , the pictures are largely useless , with a ton of pathology pictures without clinical photos . I think Chern is far better organized and easier to follow .
 I liked the immediate solutions menu at the beginning of each chapter that list the most likely sought problems and the pages where you can find the answers . Also , the chapters on JavaScript were informative.On the down side , why would anyone write an XHTML book w / out concentration on cross-browser functionality ? Many of the examples were solutions for just IE or for just Netscape . The whole point of validated XHTML is to reach the widest possible audience which means coding to a defined standard ; browser specific code is mostly pointless . Also , as someone mentioned , the use of deprecated tags in examples caused me to be wary of the code throughout the whole book . Finally , why wait till page 503 to cover CSS ? That should have been demonstrated early on to discourage the use of inline formatting within pages . And the CSS coverage , a chapter crucial to web development -LRB- ie , separation of data and presentation -RRB- , was weak.I guess for someone starting out it 's ok to use this as a guide . But I urge anyone reading this book to avoid the use of deprecated tags or your web pages will render different ways in difft browsers .
 There is a very good 150 page book in here waiting to get out of this bloated expensive tome . Unfortunately , the endless padding just makes information retrieval extremely slow . Not content to show us bits of code to illustrate particular points , Holzner gives us complete pages of irrelevent mark-up almost every time . Rather than using a tabular approach to show what elements can be used with each tag , the author dribbles through the entire descriptive list in every chapter . The cardinal sin , though , is Holzners repeated use of depricated elements and tags in his illustrations . Surely a book on XHTML should show the XHTML way of doing things rather than harking back to earlier standards . Yes , I know the tags still work in most cases , but they wo n't for much longer and there is ALWAYS an alternative approved XHTML way of doing things . The book is also very poorly designed
 I bought this book for my 1 year old daughter because we love our Margaret Wise Brown books
 These five star reviews all read like they were written by the same person . Certainly the same people are writing similar reviews for every book in the series . So ... I say we balance out the dishonest 5-stars review with some single-star reviews .
 I find this set to be next to useless . The Italian on it is so very basic that it 's an insult to anyone who has already made any effort at all to learn the language . For all its faults , I find the Michel Thomas set much more helpful - ditto for the Berlitz Intermediate Italian . I concur that the CD 's have -LRB- even as `` brand new '' ones -RRB- places where the skipping / data flaws are terrible and there is too much dead air on them . Do n't waste your money . There are better courses that do n't insult your intelligence , and that also use Native speakers -LRB- if this is important to you -RRB- .
 The theory behind it is excellent . However , -LSB- the quality is bad -RSB- . The CD tracks do not go forward or back ... so you might have advanced to the next track , but when you stop the CD it goes back to the beginning of track 1 . This is a course meant to be used `` behind the wheel '' of a car ... how can you you safely drive a car as you are fast forwarding , which takes forever if you want to advance much beyond the first track . So really , you never get beyond the letters , or the first few words . Believe me , I ordered Berlitz and that is the way to go . Also , try a company called World of Reading Ltd. .
 I can only review three of the discs because the remainder were defective and had repeated areas of skipping . One of the `` good '' discs had 54 seconds of dead air space at the beginning of the disc . A good portion of the discs -LRB- too much actually -RRB- concentrates on counting . Many references are out of date and irrelevant -LRB- how you convert from Francs to Lira ? who cares , - there are no more Francs or lira ... -RRB- Mr. Frobose discusses a few examples of words that have similar roots and sounds in Italian and English as a way to accelerate the learning of many words . However after this brief mention , he never expands on this idea . If he had given the listener a bunch of these words , he may have hit on a theme for a set of discs that satisfy .
 This course arrived with a xeroxed cover . The CD 's looked like they were made by someone on their computer at home . The sound was scratchy and clicked often . A very sub-standard product .
 I listened to all 6 CDs over a month period and I was taught very little . The vocabulary is limited and repetitive . The lessons contain useless dialogue regarding exchanging lira to francs -LRB- hello euro -RRB- and cashing a check at a bank presumably while you are in Italy . It contains about 30 minutes of anything interesting or insightful . There is no explanation for the use and/or conjugation of several verbs . Way too much time spent on numbers . The CDs are produced in a very low-budget way ... the Italian speaker is recorded and inserted as necessary , even to build sentences ! It sounds robotic . In fact , when Frobose says `` one hundred one '' the Italian -LRB- Anna -RRB- says `` cento due '' . Frobose also asks Anna `` how do you say _____ in Italian ? '' too much . I never expected a response in Chinese on a learn Italian CD . And the sixth CD is a total waste of time . You get two minutes of new material and five minutes of Frobose getting philosphical -LRB- in English -RRB- . Quanto costa ? Troppo ! Price is nowhere near reasonable for this . Dio mio ! Look elsewhere .
 A beginning crafter with little computer experience will probably really enjoy this book . It 's got some great very beginning , easy projects.If you have any graphics and graphic software experience at all , this book will waste your time . It was written in 1998 , which in Internet years is approaching the stone age . Sorry to bias the stats , but I 'm a graphics professional and was looking for more like some of the new image tranfer technique books .
 My comments apply only to the quality of this Kindle edition of Belva Plain 's Random Winds . This author 's remarkable talent for writing has been violated by an obvious lack of proofreading by whoever put out this edition . I am 30 % of the way through the novel , which I own in hardcover and read years ago , and I have found page after page of examples of missing punctuation , misspelled words -LRB- leaving a reader to guess what that word might be -RRB- and lack of capital letters where needed -- just silly , annoying little mistakes that interrupt the flow of the actual work of the author.Really , it 's just a shame . Perhaps it wo n't bother other readers , but as someone who knows this author and appreciates her work , it is annoying and the responsible parties should be embarrassed . This is not about the cost of the copy , it 's about respect for someone 's life work .
 One would have to be a sadist to enjoy this novel full of bad relations , death from floods , war , etc. . Disfunctional characters making poor judgements , etc. .
 This book is useless as a C++ reference . The front cover says that it `` Demonstrates ADO using VB , C++ , J + + and scripting languages with ASP `` What a load of bunk . There is very very little C++ and I could not look at myself in the mirror if I would have made that claim .
 Whay are you promoting and trying to sell a book that is obsolete.ADO is at version 2.6 now . Promote the new book !
 The caption on the front of this book says
 This book is absolutely useless if you 're programming in anything other than visual basic . Even then , there 's not much that could n't be found in Microsoft 's own Visual Basic tilted help pages.The book claims that the C++ code easily follows from the VB code examples . This is an outright lie . Function declarations are often ordered wrong or are typed incorrectly . When you do finally sort out the function calls , it 's next to impossible to figure out how to pack the variants for ADO . Something this book goes into NO detail describing.For example , where the book says you can enter an index or bookmark -LRB- which is true in VB -RRB- , it leaves out that you have to pack the number in the 8th reserved slot of the variant.Don ' t buy this book , search dejanews instead .
 Misleading advertising ... cover states that there are Java and C++ examples -- about two pages worth ... The rest are in VB
 Excerpt of your book
 More local history packed in to one book than can be found in any other book . The chapter on Big Foot read very well .
 Picoult certainly raises valid questions , and she writes in a nice clear style . However , the plot to this book is made up of equal parts of `` Agnes of God '' , `` Nell , '' `` Contact '' and a little-remembered suspense novel called `` Baby '' . In other words , there 's nothing new under the sun . If you liked this book , you might want to watch `` Agnes of God '' if you have n't seen it . It is a beautifully photographed and superbly acted film that handles the same themes and questions .
 This book does not deserve the one star that was required to register my review . What a waste of the author 's considerable training and access to readers . I was chocked at the gross negligeance with which the author delivers the information , `` But the wound on Faith 's right side falls almost exactly where Jesus was supposedly nailed to the cross '' . There are so many errors in logic , plot and characterizations that this book barely qualifies as a cheap B-class romance novel.What an insult her poor craftsmanship is to the thinking adult reader . In spite of a creative and original concept and intriguing topic , this book is rubbish . Pure and simple trash .
 Well written but a very confusing book - I guess that 's what autism is about and why we do n't understand austistic people . I did n't particularly care for the book , but it was well written .
 Not at all what I expected . The writer then made an `` off the wall '' comment about Kansas . Perhaps she has never been here ? Kansas is beautiful , and also the people . I hope you tell her .
 I DID NOT LIKE THE STORY LINE - IT SEEMED WAY OUT THERE AND DID NOT KEEP MY INTEREST . IT IS THE ONLY JODI PICCOULT BOOK I HAVE NOT ENJOYED
 I did n't read this book . I downloaded it accidentally and erased it immediately.Consequently I have no idea of its content or plot and no opinion on its literary merit.I do , however , have an opinion on Amazon billing and charging me for an item i did not retain .
 Find something else to read . This is not believable . I did want to get to the end of the story but I became impatient with the middle .
 When I first started the book I really enjoyed . To much repeating , and it took to long to get point across .
 I 'll start this review by saying , like many other reviewers , I am a big Jodi Picoult fan . I have read about 7 of her books , and I just finished Keeping Faith . Normally , Picoult writes a captivating story that keeps me enthralled . But with this one , I was turning the pages just to get through it . I found the characters unlikeable , except for little Faith , and the story never really went anywhere . Most of the middle section of the book was unnecessary , as well as the random forays into the stories of a multitude of minor characters , including numerous religious clergy and a guardian ad litem we barely got to know . The story did n't get interesting until the last third , and the ending was a big let down . If you are a Jodi Picoult fan , I suggest skipping this one . She has far better books that will keep you wildly entertained , such as Nineteen Minutes , My Sister 's Keeper , Plain Truth , and Second Glance .
 I normally enjoy reading Piccoult 's novels . I have read three previous to this one - Change of heart -LRB- my first -RRB- , House Rules , My sister 's Keeper . I enjoyed reading all three so I 'm always on the lookout for another one of Piccoult 's novels . I picked this one up by accident and had an engaging beginning so I started reading it . The beginning is dramatic but then starts sagging in the middle when it becomes drawn out and boring . It picks up a little before the end and comes crashing down at the end . The ending was atrocious . It does not clearing answer the questions lingering in your head the entire novel and does not create a decent ending . Its as if she got tired and just decided to end it like that . If this is your first Piccoult novel , please do n't think this is how all her novels are . There are much better ones!The story is of a little girl that begins seeing an imaginary friend `` her guard '' soon after the marriage of her parents disintegrates after the lousy father brings his mistress home -LRB- why -RRB- and Mariah , his wife finds them together . Mariah is characterized to have a low self-esteem and weak even though it does seem like she is talented and beautiful . Makes no sense , why a women with her beauty and talent would have such a low self-esteem where she can not stand up for her and was sent to a psychoward against her will by her husband before the birth of Faith . Also seems weird that a family with so little religious beliefs name their child Faith of all names . I can understand why a little girl would suddenly have a imaginary friend . What I dont understand is how suddenly her `` guard '' is god and a female god at that . Her god is described to look like Mariah and at the end of the book , she hints that the god was Mariah . I was thoroughly confused by this . What is going on ? The ending does a poor job of properly explaining Faith 's friend and what exactly happened . By the end of the novel , Mariah does get stronger and stands up for herself in court when Colin , her ex-husband sues for custody of Faith . Colin , is just a horrible husband who ends up marrying his mistress who of course is pregnant with their child soon after they are discovered by Mariah . Then he gives her full custody , but suddenly he wants custody when he did n't seem to care before.Overall the novel had its moments but leaves too many holes in the story and does not develop the characters properly . A disappointment from an author who writes marvelous stories about controversial subjects then creates a twist at the end that I usually enjoy .
 This book is interesting enough to keep your attention and keep you reading , but I was really dissappointed in the book , and wished I had n't wasted my time reading it . It has some okay moments , but it 's very sad and depressing . Some of the events that happen in the book , the author just did n't follow thru giving you more information about , just leaves it , and you 're left wondering what happened after that . The ending I hated . I read the last two pages 3 or 4 times , and never really figured out what it said . The book was a good idea , but guess the author is n't very good . I do not recommend anyone reading this book .
 So it took me about a month and a half to read this book . Usually that would mean that it was so bad that I just could n't get through it . To the contrary , I thought it was a good book -LRB- not great , but good -RRB- , just a little too slow for me . There were so many times I wanted to read , but I was bored with it , so I just put it down . I thought the story line was a good one , but there was so much unnecessary story added to it , that it seemed to drag on and on.I thought Ian 's press conference at the end was a total cop out . The entire book I spent wondering what he was going to say , what people were going to think when they heard him say it . I am disappointed in the way that played out . I 've only read one other Jodi Picoult book -LRB- My Sisters ' Keeper -RRB- , but I also thought that story had a cop out in it too - which was the ending . It seems when there is an issue that everyone is thinking about , Jodi decides to play it safe and instead of taking a stand one way or the other , she takes the safe road and does n't make a decision . That bothers me a lot.I found Metz 's cross exam on Mariah unrealistic as he was was badgering her and downright calling her a liar . Yet her attorney just sat there and hardly objected at all . Those questions , while it made for a nice story , never would have played out in a real trial . Mariah 's attorney would have objected continuously and the Judge never would have allowed that line of questioning to continue . Also , the continuous adding of witnesses and exhibits at the last minute by Metz were unrealistic . Counsel submit witness and exhibit lists for a reason - exactly so that this `` surprise '' does n't come up in trial . I doubt the Judge would have allowed either . In that regard , I found the Judge to be unrealistic.I actually found myself questioning Mariah throughout the story . When everyone was wondering if she was hurting Faith , I myself was wondering if there was something we did n't know . Even though we , as readers , saw first hand the miracles that Faith performed , and her stigmata , it still seemed so unbelievable to me , that I thought the only thing that made sense was that Mariah indeed was causing Faith to behave in such a way . But perhaps that 's just because I do n't believe in god and so it did n't seem real to me.I also thought there were sooo many characters . I could n't keep any of the Preists straight and eventually stopped caring all together.In the end , I will never re-read this book . I 'm glad I 'm * finally * done . And I guess in hindsite the story added very little value to my life . I 'm not going to sit here and think about it anymore and that 's usually the sign that the book was n't that great overall .
 First let me say this was my first exposure to Jodi Picoult , so maybe her authorship of many novels may imply talent , I ca n't comment beyond this book . That said , this was one of the few `` novels '' I was always reluctant to resume and ultimately abandoned halfway through . In addition to another reviewer 's comments on shifting POV -LRB- for what reason ? , I could n't come to terms with it -RRB- , unrealistic characters , and soap-opera-type scenes , it was jarring to come across a lack of basic writing skills in some passages . `` Pop lit '' came to mind immediately , and while I tried to finish this book loaned by a friend , I found it an irritating endeavor . Despite some popularity , I 'm not likely to pick up another Picoult book .
 I had several recomendations for this book and was anxious to read it . I was disapointed in the writing and the progression of the story . I found the story compelling in the beginning , but it lagged in the middle and turned too much into a ridiculous romance and less about the relationship between the mother and child . In the beginning , the mother was insecure , unsure of herself in her marriage and in her role of a mother ... She was real and I related to her insecurities . However , as the book progressed and the more confident she became the less interesting and the less real she and the book became . I felt the character development was lacking and created an enviornment that I did n't really care about most of the characters , anyway . Finally , the medical information was innacurate , it could have easily come off a TV medical drama . I did find the concept to be interesting and it was a quick read .
 I usually like Picoult 's works , but I did not like this one . Too hard to swallow . Please stop w / the word requirements .
 I was really looking forward to this novel because the storyline really intrigued me . However , I could n't get past 100 pages and even those were a huge chore . Picoult 's writing was unimpressive . Her characters and dialogue were plastic . The situations were overwhelmingly derivative and farcical . I have no problem becoming immersed in another world or believing the unbelievable when directed by a capable author . In other hands , this could have been a great story . But with Picoult , there was no getting past the fact that this was fiction , and poorly written at that . Truly disappointing .
 I was going to buy this book , but after reading the reviews I have lost interest . God people are you really readers ? No one wants to know what 's in the book before they buy it . You guys review the book by telling most of the story .
 I too was very disappointed by this book . Having read this author previously and enjoyed her books , I thought this one would be an interesting and enlightening read . No way . The story was flat . The romance reeked of romance novels -LRB- really , his hair was like a raven wing ? -RRB- . I was truly offended by that stuff . I wondered if we were experiencing a ghost writer and Miss Jodi has just become too successful .
 Imagine Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins , watering down their startlingly conservative theology so as to make even less cogent points than in their best-selling Left Behind series . Then collaborating with the Lifetime Network to crank out 400 pages directed toward the lowest common denominator of American readers . This book hurts .
 The only Jodi Picoult book I 've been unable to finish . It went back and forth and back and forth about the differences between the Catholic and Jewish faiths until I just shut the Kindle off and said `` enough ''
 I usually like Jodi Picoult novels although they tend to be predictable/similar to one another . This one actually was n't because the ending made no sense . I 've never written an amazon review before of a product but decided to review this book because it pissed me off so much . The ending is absolutely terrible . The book was pretty boring throughout and way longer than it needed to be but I kept waiting to get to the end so I 'd finally understand why all this was happening . She explains nothing . It was so stupid . Waste of money .
 Gave up half way through this book after trying very hard to finish . I thought the mom was a whiner and the wanted more insight from the daughter and father . It fell flat too early for me to get to the end .
 This is not one of Jodi 's better books . It is a little strange for my taste . I did n't even finish it .
 I did n't read the fine print that this book is large print . So when I received it I saw the large print and sent it back to Amazon . Definitely be aware that this book has LARGE PRINT , if you want this book in large print great , if not do n't buy it . I was n't critical enough of the heading for this book and got what I deserved which was this book in large print . Never again , I 'll check to make sure that the book that I want to buy is normal print and not extra large print like this is .
 I found this a tedious read , with an unbelievable story line . . Perhaps Jodi Picoult is not for me although it is the second book of hers which I have tried .
 I did finish it and I love Jodi Picoult 's books . But this one was not a subject matter I could get into .
 Not one of her better books ... hard to keep reading did not enjoy this book at all . . not even worth the $ 2.99 I paid for it
 I usually love Ms. Pocoult 's books but though well written , the storyline was weak , the ending a big yawn . I hope she was just experimenting with this subject matter and it does n't happen again .
 Jodi is my favorite author but this was not my favorite book . Normally I ca n't put her books down but this one was different ... it is still a decent book the last few chapters had me hooked . But it as mostly a very slow read
 I felt the main character was too whiny and her ex is too self absorbed , just could n't connect with any of them . I will try another of her books though as she does write well . I know that sounds like a contradiction but I can see her talent , just did n't like her characters .
 This story was a bit too far off the wall for me . It did not hold my interest and I felt as though I was struggling to keep reading .
 The plot of this book immediately caught my attention . It 's intriguing , controversial , supernatural ; something to make people think . With a better writer , this could have been an extraordinary book ! Unfortuately , it was painful to read.Rather than consistently following one character 's perspective , the author switched points-of-view frequently and with little warning . For the most part , it was written in first person , present tense , but even that was inconsistent . Sometimes it was first person for Faith -LRB- the young girl -RRB- and sometimes first person for her mother or her psychologist . Sprinkled throughout were flashbacks that added very little to the plot . I rolled my eyes more than once at the trite dialog . Worst of all , I suffered through the book only to reach an inconclusive end . The final pages sparked more confusion than resolve.I did n't expect accurate or even consistent theology . I did , however , expect the author to be consistent with her story . I did n't want her characters to match my personal doctrine , but I think did expect the author to understand her characters ' beliefs and explain them thoroughly . The end of the book simply highlighted how little the author knew about the world she had created.Final Thoughts
 Keeping Faith is primarily a story about a young girl who suddenly starts seeing God and performing miracles . My impression was that readers would be allowed to come to our own conclusions about this -LRB- whether it was real , invented by Faith , invented by her mother for attention , etc. -RRB- , but it does n't work out that way
 i STARTED THIS BOOK ABOUT 6 TIMES . i LOVE jODY 'S BOOKS BUT THIS ONE CONFUSED ME . I HAD TO GO BACK TO THE BEGINING TO FIGURE OUT WHO WAS WHO AND WHERE THEY WERE . i HOPE THE NEXT BOOK BY JODY IS CLEARER . I ENJOYED THE TOPIC AND THE LITTLE GIRL .
 I was a little disappointed at the ending , after going through all Faith 's problems that there was n't a explanation for her bleeding hands .
 I am glad that this was not the first Jody Picoult book that I have read - not sure I would have continued with her others ... I have loved most of her other books that I have read . However , I felt that Keeping Faith left too many unanswered questions which made the events in the book unbelievable . The ending was very disappointing - it did not bring anything to closure , nor did it lead you to make any of your own conclusions.Sorry to say that this book was a let-down for me .
 I was very disappointed in this book . It is not up to the level of Jodi Piccoult 's other novels . The storyline lacked believablity , the writing was poor , some of the characters were either cardboard cutouts or unrealistic -LRB- and one in particular was lifted from The Rainman -RRB- , and the book needed serious editing . After the first 100 pages , I skipped large chunks in a valiant effort to reach the end . If I had n't already read many of Jodi Picoult 's other novels before this one , I would have thought she was a bad author . She did n't do herself justice with this one . She is capable of a lot more .
 As an avid Jodi Picoult fan , I was sorely disappointed by this novel . Normally , I ca n't put down her books while reading them , but by the middle of this one , I was only reading it so that I could finally finish it and move on to something else . It was unengaging at best , and just plain boring at worst . KEEPING FAITH tells the story of a young girl who has a special relationship with God . Page after page , Faith talks to God , Faith performs a miracle , Faith talks to God some more , Faith performs some more miracles , and ooh wow Faith knows things that she could n't possibly know so it must be real ! Not much else happened , save a custody battle toward the end , which was the only aspect of the book I actually found to be engaging . One of the frustrating things was that there was n't much of a plot to this book . Essentially , after the first twenty pages or so , the plot is pretty stagnant up until the denouement , but the characters are all unsatisfied with things , and then post-exciting climactic stuff , things essentially return to exactly they were before , and that 's the end.One of Jodi Picoult 's trademarks are her twist endings , which are oftenare n't unexpected , but there was not one single thing about this novel that was n't completely and utterly predictable . Insecure , self-loathing mother Mariah ends up falling for the `` bad boy '' atheist Ian . Shock . The worst thing about their relationship was that despite the fact that it was inevitable from before the two characters even laid eyes on one another , Picoult did n't bother to actually develop it . I 'm normally a big fan of the bad boy type , and of relationships in which the bad boy falls for someone and finally opens up , but this did n't really happen here . Ian 's a jerk one day , then sees Mariah and thinks she looks like an angel and suddenly he 's a saint ! His insomnia is also instantly cured by her radiant beauty ! They 're in love and want to live happily ever after , and of course along the way they manage to completely change each other 's personalities for the better as well . This takes place over the course of a week or so , naturally.Nothing is more annoying to me in literature than relationships that are n't developed properly , and while we 're on the topic of things that are annoying about this book , let 's look at a few other things that just do n't quite add up . It seems just a tad unfeasible to me how everyone immediately jumps on the bandwagon and thinks Faith is telling the truth and how much of a celebrity she becomes . If this happened in reality , the only media source covering it would be The National Enquirer . `` Hollywood Tonight '' would not be covering the story unless Faith decided to sacrifice Paris Hilton to her God , and they certainly would n't be camped out on her family 's lawn for months at a time . A final note of frustration was the fact that for no apparent reason , the point of view keeps inexplicably switching from first person to third person , which is just jarring enough to throw the reader back out of the story and confusing because it really does n't seem to serve any purpose . By the end of this novel I was just left wondering what the point of it was .
 For years I have avoided Jodi Picoult novels and if this one is typical , with good reason . For my book club , I am plowing through the nauseating minuate that bulks this novel to over 400 pages . The constant , brief shifts in first-person narration are too fast and give views on characters , such as a judge who likes show tunes , that are irrelevant to the novel at the expense of more fully developing the title character . The first-person narration works for important characters but otherwise I think the author is using an easy narrative device to propel the action of her novel , which is , even with this technique , infuriatingly slow and has the effect of jarring the reader every page or two as one must determine the narrator yet again.Also , the focus on the child-custody battle removes attention from who I think is the most interesting character -- the child Faith . If one can get past the didactic symbolism of the name Faith White , and the constant phrasing such as `` here is a story about faith '' -LRB- p. 275 -RRB- followed by `` he 'll do whatever is in his power to make sure I keep Faith , '' -LRB- p. 291 -RRB- , which makes me cringe at each repetition , the child seeing or hearing God is , to me , the most interesting aspect of the plot but one that receives little attention.Overall , I think this novel is heavy-handed , overly descriptive and replete with such obvious symbolism and detail it makes my eyes hurt . The characters never seem real and I never sympathize with any of their easily predictable reactions and emotions , but find the potential of the plot is never fully realized in any engaging way . Try a different novel - many others dealing with religion exist that are far better written and much more interesting .
 I was very anxious to read this book , having heard over and over again what a great writer Jodi Picoult was . I must say , if this was not a book club read , I would have abandoned it . However , I plugged through it , hopeful that the characters would somehow become more likeable and the strange story lines would be tied up . Instead it just got worse . Does Picoult really think that her audience is so stupid ? How predictable was it that Ian `` the bad boy '' would end up with poor victimized Mariah , whose child was inexplicably touched by God ? How was it that all these brilliant attorneys and such never heard of the child abuse where the mother harms the child as an attention getting device ? Have n't they ever watched 20/20 or read People magazine ? The Catholic Church 's involvement with this case was laughable ; I definitely do n't think Picoult is a Catholic . And what of all those people gathering around outside Faith 's house , and coverage by `` Hollywood Tonight '' . Unless Lindsay Lohan develops stigmata , this would never happen . I never could figure out why Ian was hiding his brother ; was there something to be ashamed of there ? The custody battle just lengthened an already tiring story . Did Picoult really think she was delivering some kind of thought provoking spiritual message ? To me , everything was so obvious , it was really kind of stupid .
 I am not one to rail against novels ; if I do n't like something , that 's well and good , but I 'd rather let others form their own opinions on things . I so disliked this book , though , I have been driven to say something to counter all the positive reviews . The novel is entirely trite and predictable . I could anticipate the events , the actions , what the characters would say -LRB- no shock when the Jewish grandmother would exclaim `` oye ! '' -RRB- - even the last page of the book . Every hot topic was pulled out to drag in the reader
 I regret buying this book for my E - reader . I have read Jodi Picoult books before and enjoyed them , but this book was a lot of drivel . A most unlikely story with touches of Mills and Boon . A boring and unlikely plot which may be attractive to people believing in psychics , angels and the like , but I found it almost impossible to finish .
 I had to read this book for a book club and that is the only reason why I finished reading it . It dragged on and on and on - a lot of fluff with religion thrown in . I can see how someone could see the `` deeper message , '' but the book was boring . And for 400 pages , it is almost a waste of time . Maybe if the book was half the size I would have somewhat enjoyed it and given it 3.5 stars .
 You can read other reviews for the plot.What an awful book.I should have known when I was reading it that something completely outlandish was going to happen toward the end.I did n't even enjoy the book , just kept thinking it could get better .
 Do people really make incredible , drastic changes in their lives ? Yes , but Stephanie 's about-face in this fluffy piece of chick-lit came across as very contrived . She was a perfect character , other than her one Great Flaw -LRB- though under that selfish , lazy exterior was the requisite heart of gold -RRB- . Charlie was not a likable character , and like everyone else in the book was a two-dimensional representation of a stereotype . The only decent character was Peaches , though her story was a sad one.The story straddled the line between serious drama -LRB- dealing with family problems , mental illness , etc -RRB- and fun , breezy chick-lit -LRB- the slightly forced humor -RRB- and came out a mangled mess . To be honest , the story might have been much better -LRB- though less my taste -RRB- had it taken the more serious route . The plot was there for a much more dramatic book -LRB- I 'm not sure you could lighten the book enough - what with every character having some weighty issue - to truly fall into the happy-go-lucky category -RRB- . Too many ` issues ' and flat characters bring down this story , and there are far better examples of this genre out there .
 I bought this book on my kindle , and all I can really say is that I am glad that I didnt pay full book price for it . I have had this book for over a month and I have yet to get past the 5th chapter
 While I enjoyed Carr 's wittiness , I felt that there was just too much going on in this book at once . The insight into each character 's life was enjoyable at first , but after a while I began to wonder what the point was . The author begins to delve into Pam 's life -LRB- Why , though ... what , in the long run , does her romantic life bring to Charlene 's wedding story ? -RRB- , only to leave her hanging for a while . Then the story read like a hasty game of catch up . This seemed the case also with Stephanie , Charlene 's daughter , and her boyfriend , Grant . Grant was given no character at all until the point where he decides to leave Stephanie . Then we 're bombarded with him . I would have to say also that , though Carr defines each character 's relationship with the others , their interactions seem forced.Carr jumps back and forth between a myriad of characters yet they are never fully developed . Instead , she gives to them all a `` everyone is happy now '' ending that just does n't ring true . In fact , much of this book rings false . Dennis is - continuously - described as a rock , steady , trustworthy , etc. . But the second Charlene 's back is turned he 's after Agatha ... and completely ignoring Charlene 's hour of need.Additionally , the book is repetitive . We spend pages reading of Charlene 's `` traumatic '' childhood in detail , only to have her daughter give a thoroughly parrot-like recap -LRB- of her mother 's THOUGHTS -RRB- to her father later -LRB- and the long-lost-father story was too much - let 's face it ... after a certain period of time , people need to stop whining about their childhood woes and Charlene ca n't really use a ragabout father as an excuse for being even more self-absorbed than her daughter -RRB- . We are also told Merrie 's life story several times -LRB- yet another character with no substantial purpose in the book ; her story is convoluted and becomes even more difficult to track - Carr does n't seem to know where she wants to go with it and it flies completely out of bounds -RRB- . I was very let down by this book ; I had looked forward to reading it and to be honest I could n't believe how much I disliked Charlene by the end of the book . She not only does NOT get over her controlling nature , nor does she curb it ; she uses it on someone else . Truly I found her even more disgustingly self-absorbed than her daughter -LRB- why did n't Carr go into THAT aspect of things when discussing , quite unnecessarily , everyone 's psyche ? -RRB- . In all , for such a short book -LRB- I read it in one sitting -RRB- there were just too many characters and subplots at once -LRB- the stalking by Fred is completely erroneous here , as is Dennis ' sister , Merrie , the woman with the goose , etc. and each lends precisely nothing to the plot which , according to all reviews and the book jacket , is supposed to be about Charlene -RRB- . For the author to have thrown so much into so few pages served only to dilute the point she was trying to make -LRB- kind of like condensing `` Gone With the Wind '' -RRB- and considering that no wedding actually gets planned , calling the book `` The Wedding Party '' is misleading.Glad I only borrowed this one .
 I was so excited to read this book that I started reading it as soon as I got it and then began to frown a little , then more , then realized I was frowning so much because the heroine was not only irritating , but she was flaky and cold . I got about 100 pages in and was wondering when it was going to pick up finally and the again realized that the book was 377 pages . It should 've been very involved at this point , but all I got was bored and confused.Confused because the jumbled plot was filled with too many people all talking at once and information into their lives when they had nothing to do with the story , or , the ` wedding party ' . What party ? There was no funny and quirky wedding party with crazy characters that will make me laugh until I ache or touching moments where I sigh and shake my head . Too much insight into the main character Charlene 's friend 's life , Pam and Charlene 's 25 year old daughter Samantha . Also more looks into the lives of a single mother 's life whom Charlene is representing in court , a couple that is divorcing , her ex-husband , her elderly mother , her present boyfriend and future husband Dennis-with whom we 're supposed to see in the wedding party as the groom , ha ! , Dennis 's dead wife , his sister ... I can go on . My point is , is it too confusing . Too many plot developments that lead nowhere.In short , this story was supposed to be about , and I stress the word ` supposed ' because it came nowhere near it ; a 45 year old woman who is sucessful at being a family lawyer and is happy with every part of her life , even with the long-term relationship she has with her boyfriend who is a doctor . The problem comes in when her daughter says she does n't want to end up like her , single and alone and then her mother seems to be losing her mind when she gets lost in a grocery store parking lot and to top things off her ex still loves her and says she ca n't commit . To fix the problem she decides she wants to marry Dennis , -LRB- the doctor boyfriend -RRB- . This is where we 're supposed to have the wedding party , but we do n't . The entire book is a mix of her life 's setbacks and letdowns and how she hated her father and how he caused her to shrug off relationships . How her fiance is her ` rock ' and her staunchest supporter , but he starts an affair with the wedding cordinater . She does n't seem to care either way . Her spoiled daughter gets way too much time in the book and we were introduced to her boyfriend Grant too late.All in all , we are faced with a flaky 45 year old heroine who is having some sort of mid-life crisis and it definately is n't funny , lol , a spoiled 25 year old daughter who is just as flaky , a quirky ex husband whom we never really understand , a cheating doctor fiance and an elderly mother who keeps upsetting Charlene . I am still waiting for the ` hysterical wedding fiasco ' that I was promised on the jacket back ... save your money on this one ... Tracy Talley ~ @
 My title is basically my review . I did n't like Charlene . There are strong women and then there are self absorbed whiny people , Charlene fits the latter . Why the author describes Dennis as being loyal and wonderful is beyond me . He did n't have the gumption to break off his `` engagement '' before he starts an affair with the wedding coordinator . Charlene needs some snappy dialog and some female friends to get her on the right track but then that would be a Jennifer Crusie novel ... the premise for this book showed promise it just was n't well executed .
 I do not recommend this book at all . It is poorly written with a lot of errors and with no continuity from topic to topic . The descriptions about methods in the book are not useful at all . The book is apparently a verbatim copy of JAVA programming with CORBA . The authors did not even have the respect to the reader to replace the word JAVA by C++ , in a number of places the book talks about JAVA . I do not recommend this book at all . I hope the editors at Wiley pay more attention to the books they send to the printing press . The time I spend reading this book was a total waste not to mention the money I paid .
 I 'm a novice at CORBA and this book did n't prep me properly . Examples seemed to be Java examples ported over to C++ . It was more of a reference than a learning tool . I 've looked over the CORBA spec and a lot of the material from the spec is in the book almost verbatim .
 I wanted to learn corba with this book but I realized that I have to rely on other sources to learn about it . This book contains excerpts from a book about corba with java and not c++ , where the reference to java was not even removed and replaced by c++ . Furthermore even as the unexperienced reader in corba I found many mistakes in this book regarding object and function definitions .
 I was very disappointed with this book . Obviously the book is written in a rush . The whole content is not carefully written . Some parts are confusing . If you want to get some pieces of code , maybe you can take a look . However , if you want to learn CORBA in C++ , this is definitely not a good book .
 Rather disappointing and sloppy effort . There is no coherent thread that would explain things in a methodical fashion . Instead , things are used before they are explained , and quite a bit of knowledge is assumed . Definitely not for the beginner and , even then , hard to follow . Numerous mistakes in the code examples , including code that does not compile or leaks memory . A strange mixture of POA and BOA code , without clear delineation of which is which , and much of the C++ mapping is missing
 i really hate this book i need it for class so i had to get it so i had to buy it
 Clearly there is a market for a book like this -- it 's just too bad this one is so bad . The writing is good , but the things Mr. Blank writes are so frequently incorrect or oversimplified to the point of meaninglessness.Here are some major issues : - Oversimplification . I suppose that 's OK , particularly if this text is aimed at elementary or middle school students , who ca n't deal as well with the details . In the Introduction , we 're told that , among others , `` decision-makers '' , network administrators , small business owners , and TCP/IP instructors , are the intended audience . - Major misconceptions . For example , UDP and TCP are the two most important transport layer protocols but not the only ones -LRB- SCTP , as well as , arguably , TLS and others -RRB- . Classful IP addresses have been deprecated for years . And so on . - More specific errors of fact . Things like saying that a host is `` any device ... on a network ... '' with an IP address -- that 's wrong . Ditto for claiming the the sender/builder of a packet has to know the destination 's hardware address -LRB- highlighted as a `` Tip '' -RRB- or that TCP data is chunked into `` packets '' or that the Internet layer `` contains '' ARP . And on and on and on . - Condescending layout . Yes , the layout is condescending , with the special symbols placed above every page number to indicate whether or not the current `` topic '' continues on the next page ; the `` NOTE '' 's spread throughout , letting the reader know what 's coming up in the next paragraph ; simple-minded end of chapter review questions ; and so on . - Minimal content . Two full pages at the start of every chapter for the number , title , and list of chapter topics . Lots and lots of white space within the text , plus huge header fonts , plus two full pages -LRB- at least -RRB- for review questions at the end of every chapter , plus way too many screenshots of Windows dialog boxes.If you must buy this book , realize that you wo n't know as much about TCP/IP as you think you do , and be prepared to be corrected if you go on with your networking education .
 When it came to explaining things , I liked the book . I though it did a very good job of making complicated concepts very basic and easy to understand.Unfortunate , what I gained in clarity in the author 's analogies was lost when he started to give actual examples with numbers in them.For example , page 161 where he is giving an example on sub net masks . The example starts by stating `` 10001001101 is the binary representation of 1,102 = 11 bits are needed in the subnet mask . '' That is not correct 1,102 = 10001001110 . So does that mean since the last bit is zero that only 10 bits are needed ? - or do we still need 11 bits ? - examples should help clarify the point , not add to the confusion.Another example is on page 97 . It gives a formula to figure out the number of available networks in a network class - and using this formula it would mean a Class A network would have 2 ^ 7 networks -LRB- 8 bits minus 1 because the first bit is zero to designate it a Class A -RRB- which equals 128 . But his summary chart on that same page says 126 - and just a few pages before -LRB- page 93 -RRB- he walks you through an detailed example of how many networks are in a class A , but he gives you an answer of 127 . So what is right ? 126 , 127 or 128 ? Are you confused , because by the time I was done reading just two chapters I was . Unfortunately , the book is riddled with these inconsistencies . If you are new to TCP IP , have a need to understand network addressing and are only going to get one book , this is not the one .
 This manga is about a girl named Yuuki who is destined to become the `` Legendary Girl '' and save `` Nakatsukini '' -LRB- Earth -RRB- and `` Takamagahara '' -LRB- Spiritual World -RRB- by going back and forth between dreams . She must also find the other people who will help her fulfill this mission and she also has a crush name Takaomi . The interesting part about this is that people who appear in the real world also appear in the spiritual world as completely different people . Now this premise might sound appealing but the plot is seriously lacking in flow . For instance , many things appear to one way but turn out to be another . The whole manga is based on a Japanese legend , but it seemed like the author changed her mind half way through the series about where she wanted to take the plot . Also the plot moved along too slowly so I felt as if I was stuck in a rut . Also , the author wanted the characters to appear one way , but in the next scene they were in , they were completely different people altogether . For instance
 Dream Saga was the first manga I ever read , and at first I thought it was the best one ever . That was until I found other manga that sparked some interest in me . As I read other series , I mentaly compared Dream Saga with other manga I read . Dream Saga was a slow-moving plot , with some very predictable jokes , that got old easily . Other manga had some exciting jokes , and moved along quickly enough that I did n't get bored with fast . I mean , at the time , I thought Dream Saga was the best , and I could n't wait for the fourth one to come out , But now ... Ugh . Dream Saga is on the bottom of my stack of manga , and I do n't plan on re-reading any time soon . Dream Saga is about a fifth grade girl that goes between worlds when she sleeps , yeah yeah . But then ther 's the boreing , lame , totaly stupid , catch-me-if you-can-but-don ` t-come-close `` romance '' . Dream Saga gets old fast.I 'm telling you . If you do n't want to be bored out of you ' r mind , do NOT purchase your own copy of Dream Saga . I ca n't even sell It on e-bay ; nobody 'll buy , it 's so lame .
 The overall appearance of the printed page is repulsive . Overly bold type , type size far too small for the weight of type face , cheap quality paper . These were to be gifts to treasured friends . A huge disappointment . I 've owned a hardback copy for 40 + years and it is still elegant in its visual appeal . The current physical copy is a slap in the face to its spiritual content .
 I 'm sorry . With the author 's reputation for Reasoning from the Scriptures , I wanted to dig into some real meat and learn from this book . But , I find it does NOT answer the questions raised by intelligent unbelievers . Rhodes seems to pick simple-minded questions IUs do n't ask and gives answers to those . Where are the non-contradictory , Bible-only answers to questions like these ? If Jesus was truly a flesh-and-blood , historical person , why does the Bible contradict itself about who his grandfather was ? Why do believers call the Bible `` the Word of God '' , when the Bible itself never calls itself that and reserves that term exclusively for Jesus , as in John 1 ? If the Bible is infallible , why does Matthew , falsely attribute one of his OT prophesies to Zechariah , when it comes from Zephaniah ? Why do Matthew and Luke -LRB- in Acts -RRB- contradict each other 4 different ways in their telling of the story of the death of Judas ? If the Bible infallibly relates historical events , why do the 4 gospels contradict each other in over 50 ways when relating the Last Supper , the betrayal in the Garden , the pre-crucifixtion trial events , the crucifixion , the resurrection , and the sayings of Jesus and other personages during these events ? If our Bible is the infallible and inspired Word of God , how do we justify that claim in the face of the many , many differences between the surviving copies of the NT documents , as copied by the scribes through the centuries -LRB- see the writings of Bart D. Ehrman , `` Misquoting Jesus '' and `` The Orthodox Corruption of Scripture '' as only two sources for the actual data -RRB- , with most of those textual changes being theologically significant ? ... Folks , these are the questions for which Rhodes and others do NOT provide answers and which keep unbelievers in the category of unconverted because unconvinced . So , do n't think that Rhodes 's book will actually arm you to answer the real Objections of Atheists , Agnostics and Skeptics . I 'll keep searching .
 The purpose of this book is not really to convince atheists , agnostics and sceptics to become Christians . Rather , the purpose is to explain to Christians what bad people atheists are . In other words , the books is defensive in character , not offensive . The author often charicatures the atheist position . Often , he starts quoting the Bible as proof , even before he reaches the point where he ostensibly proves the Bible . No well-grounded atheist will be convinced by this book , nor is that the intention . The authors ' point is to preach to the choir , hopefully keeping them in check.Going through every argument would be tedious , so I stick to the main methodological flaws in the book.First , Rhodes places heavy emphasis on a kind of philosophical paradoxes , such as `` The claim that everything is relative is itself absolute and hence self-refuting '' or `` The claim that only the empirically verifiable is true can not be empirically verified itself , and is hence false '' . He even mentions something called `` the kalam argument '' , apparently a Muslim version of Zeno 's Paradox . I 'm not a philosopher , so perhaps that 's why I am singularly unimpressed ! Even if this or that statement is paradoxical according to some criterion of formal logic , so what ? Zeno 's Paradox is n't taken seriously by anyone . Empirically verifiable claims are still more certain than non-verifiable ones . And if everything is in constant flux -LRB- `` relative '' -RRB- , pointing this out `` absolutely '' does n't make it any less true . Perhaps the authors intended audience at some evangelical Bible seminary in Texas are impressed by these arguments . Well , I 'm not . Besides , even Ron Rhodes accepts empirical verifiability when it suits his purposes . He attempts to prove the Bible by appeals to archeology and claims that Intelligent Design is ... well , empirically verifiable . As for the truth being relative , atheists do * not * say that truth is relative . For instance , atheists are reasonably sure that God does n't exist , that Darwin was right , and that a Bronze Age document decreeing genocide -LRB- a.k.a the Book of Joshua -RRB- contradicts modern principles of morality.I already pointed out that the book is n't really intended for an atheist audience , which may explain why some of Rhodes arguments strikes the sceptical reader as very odd . For instance , he asserts that Peter can not have lied about the Resurrection , since he was trained since childhood in the Ten Commandments , which prohibits false witness ! Come again ? A sceptic might point out that Peter may have been mistaken , that the Resurrection stories may have been embellished by later tradition , or that he may indeed have been - dare I say it - lying . New religions are founded as we speak , they can be studied by scholars , and often their origins are an amazing melange of subjectively honest spiritual experiences , half-truths due to politic , and out-right lies . Why should we believe that Christianity was any different?But the main problem with the book is that it 's methodologically disingenious . In one chapter , Rhodes uses the Big Bang to `` prove '' that God exists . BUT IN A FOOTNOTE HE ADMITS OF BEING A YOUNG EARTH CREATIONIST !!! He therefore does n't believe in the Big Bang himself !!! How can a non-believer in an old universe and the Big Bang nevertheless concoct a chapter using the Big Bang as an apologetic tool ? Personal dishonesty may be one explanation , but I think the rabbit hole goes deeper . I come across this problem in other `` fundamentalist '' texts as well . A real classic in this field is `` When Critics Ask '' by Norman Geisler and Thomas Howe , a book that can be paraphrased thus
 This is not a book of Christian apologetics at all . Rather , it is a basic and at all not comprehensive compendium of popular Christian thought . Rhodes has really no arguments to defend his points . Like many apologetic Christians -LRB- and atheists , for that matter -RRB- he limits himself to stating the points in a way you would hear at Bible study groups or in Sunday school . The few justifications he has , for example against evolution , are a joke , along the lines of the old creationist mantra , `` what good is half a wing ? `` I bought this book expecting some sort of philosophical or even theological discourse on `` the objections of atheists , agnostics , and skeptics , '' but it 's merely a propagandistic book of Christian-like indoctrination -LRB- complete with invitation to prayer and 1-800 prayer hotline ... yeah -RRB- that has no bearing whatsoever on the constructive dialogue that some Christians and some atheists/agnostics/skeptics wish to start with each other.I recommend , instead , `` Mere Christianity '' and `` A Layman 's Introduction to Christian Thought . '' I disagree with the content of both , but they are at least sound and very well thought-out and written .
 Well , I got half way thru this book and I found myself somewhat disappointed . It started out well enough , and Carrier is a fine writer . But he seems to be following every season individually and chronologically ... and its all the same , and more of the same . Richard broods and attacks his opponents . Carrier throws in the odd factoid or anecdote to validate the section . Life is not fair for the Qu&eacute;b&eacute;cois . They are a little people , but live big through Richard . He must win ! Sometimes he does , sometimes he does n't . Damn the English hockey opponents -LRB- Toronto -RRB- and the factory bosses and team owners and Campbell . Repeat the same narrative season after season . And the few interesting sociological observations are framed thru the eyes of the young Carrier , so they do n't really pack much of a punch anyways . Like I said , I was pretty disappointed , and put the book down . It would have made a great long `` short story '' or novella . What a shame ... -LRB- I grew up in Montr&eacute;al with the Habs of the 1970s , the Stanley Cup was our inheritance . -RRB-
 I 'm not an aficianado of the literature of Antartica . I do , however , have an interest in the place and especially the epics that have taken place there - Scott , Shackleton , etc. . I 've enjoyed the tales of these epics immensely in my reading.Perhaps this background was a setup for disaster in my reading of Terra Incognita by Sara Wheeler . I hoped to find an account of yet another journey through this strange and remarkable landscape peppered with the history of the place and the unique adaptations necessary for survival there.Indeed , I did find this account in Wheeler 's book , except it fell far short of my expectations . Wheeler tends to write as much about her friends she makes along the way as she does about her impressions/travels on the continent . It 's all very superficial and without purpose as she wanders from place to place searching for new friends , recent friends , new boyfriend , etc. ... It seems more a compilation of tidbits and snapshot glimpses of the places and people she encounters than a profound or meaningful exploration of this unique world.The low point of the book for me was Wheeler 's arrival on the continent with the members of the British scientific team -LRB- about 2/3rds through the book -RRB- . She breaks down and cries shortly after her arrival . Why the emotional break ? Was it the weather ? The intensity of the hardship as she chugs beer in each hidden bar along the journey ? Or perhaps the suffering through all that trail mix ? ... Nope , she cries because people are n't being very nice to her -- just not as chummy as the kiwis and the Americans she discovers.Cherry-Gerrard said we 'd accomplish our `` winters journeys '' as long as all we wished was `` a penguin 's egg . '' Wheeler has no interest in penguin eggs or the passions of discovery that motivated so many of Antarctica 's authors . Instead , she wanders the continent seemingly in search of herself ... good luck .
 Having read the reviews of other people I feel moved to add my comments . I have worked in Antarctic science and tourism for ten years , including one continuous period of 39 months on the ice.I was working on one of the `` Bawdy British '' , `` Toilet Humour '' bases when Ms Wheeler came visiting on an all-expenses-paid , freebie holiday that would cost Mr or Mrs Normal more than U$ 100,000 if he/she tried to repeat the trip . I.E. Forget about it being within the reach of anyone `` normal '' . -LRB- i -RRB- We did n't know who she was -LRB- ii -RRB- We did n't know why she was coming -LRB- iii -RRB- We had n't been told we were supposed to `` entertain her '' -LRB- iV -RRB- She arrived at last-call , read `` last chance to read/write letters , party with `` outsiders '' and see others outside nine other winterers for nine months . -LRB- v -RRB- She did n't attempt to integrateConsequently , nobody took too much notice of her.Despite the slagging that the British Antarctic Survey -LRB- that still provides more results / $ than USARP -RRB- received , she writes well , albeit dreamily at times . The most interesting point , that many readers might not have noticed is that after trip 1 to Antarctica Sara had n't really understood what the big white is all about . Only after trip 2 , where she gets the chance to spend a few weeks isolated in a caboose does she begin to catch on ...
 The book goes on and on about Scott and guys who went to the Antarctic about a zillion years ago . The author continually says bad things about everyone she meets , then tells how they all loved her and threw parties for her . She marginalizes or even ignores the work of the people she meets . I read the book to learn about Antarctica , not about her . Having read the book , I know more about her and no more about Antarctica than I did before I read the book . Forget this book ; do n't bother reading it unless you 're one of Sara 's `` friends '' -LRB- be careful of the back-stabbing -RRB- .
 This is an account of travels within Sara Wheeler 's mind , while her body just happened to be in Antarctica at the time . You will enjoy this book if you accept it as literature with frosty landscapes in the background.You will dislike this book if you want to learn anything at all about the place ... it will still be largely incognita when you have finished reading.Wheeler is part of the stereotype of female travel writers who are obsessed with the effect places and people have upon themselves ; compare males who minutely describe the scenes and processes of travel.Antarctica seems to have an effect on its visitors which Wheeler adequately conveys . But you wo n't learn anything at all about why people work there , or what they have discovered .
 As a lover of all things glacial -LRB- with Antarctica holding a particularly special place in my heart -RRB- , I was thrilled to come across this book in my local library . The book promised to deliver an enjoyable blend of history , science and culture in an entertaining travelogue format . Sadly , I soon found myself disappointed . By the time I was halfway through , I was struggling to make progress through what should have been an engaging read.Wheeler suffers for the most part from a lack of direction . Her `` travels '' consist of spur-of-the-moment helicopter rides to various locations on the ice that fail to be distinguishable after the fourth or fifth trip . Indeed , at times the book reads more like segments of a blog interspersed haphazardly with snippets of polar exploration history or the odd fact about glacial ice or penguins . This is further muddled with somewhat contrived musings on American culture -LRB- they 're all depicted like they 're ex-cowboys from Texas -RRB- , or anomalous personal asides that try to be meaningful but come across as undeveloped filler material.Individual chapters have no particular structure or purpose , and so the finished product feels a bit like slogging along through the variations of the same thing
 If the reader has little exposure to the writings of the original polar explorers , then the frequent asides to create a context for Sara Wheeler 's observations is probably informative . I found the historical asides to interrupt the flow of Ms. Wheeler 's thoughts and feelings upon being exposed to the immensity of Antarctica for the first time .
 Once in a while a person accidentally stumbles on an especially annoying book . One written particularly because a desperate publisher made a phone call , or mailed a letter with a check to an author with the words
 Sadly this could have been a tremendous book about the wonders of Antarctica and polar research but it became another paid writer just scratching the surface while ranting about why everyone did not think Sara was wonderful . Another VIP complaining about the hardships of Antarctica , did she think it was Disney ? Sara ought to take the time and try and learn why Antarctica and polar research is so important .
 Sarah 's book could have been much better had she left her British haughtiness at home . Her fascination with Chilean political history takes a lot away from her usual travel insights . When she compared Allende 's last days with that of Jesus Christ , his farewell the same as Jesus ' farewell to his disciples , that becomes a little much . And of course , most of Chile 's problems come from , where else , the US of A ! Hitler , she observes , was the `` Nixon of that era . '' She 's just one of the people , she hints , but ca n't help but comment on how smelly some of the peasants are , and when a servant in a luxurious hacienda brings her a drink , she refers to him as a `` flunkey . '' So , let her get back to her travel books with some pretty penetrating observations about people and place , and she 'll do OK . But `` Travels in a Thin Country '' is pretty thin .
 Those interested in either Pentacostalism or Comparative Religions would do better to look elsewhere . This is truly one of the most morely researched and speciously written books on any subject , let alone religion , that I have ever read . Cox 's work is filled with so many examples of inaccuracy and simple foolishness that I would n't know where to begin.This is definately a book to avoid
 This book is an odd mixture of personal narrative and some history . This may be an important point , since from a research perspective its practically useless . On the flip side , this makes the book an easy , smooth read . Its weird that the title seems to present this as some kind of important academic work , it reads more like the memoir of a religion professor , without the footnotes and research that would make it academically useful .
 I 'm very disappointed
 This book has too many obvious errors . Yes , it will help you but why pay for a book that has poor publishing and proofreading . If the publisher/author would like to contact me ... please post a comment here .
 AS with the Desktop -LRB- 70-176 -RRB- book in this series the full syllabus in not covered - where are Resource Managers ? Shared property manager etc.Also misleading - as with desktop book.You will learn something - but not all you need !
 This book will not help to pass the exam . The questions are not even similar to the exam 's questions . Some things in the book are over explained , that you could think that the reader never have seen VB before , and other more complicated topics are just touched.I would not recommend this book , not only because of waisted money , but because of waisted time .
 Do not purchase this book . I have completed seven chapters and have come across two clear errors in the review questions . Readers attempting to prepare for the Visual Basic 6.0 Distributed Applications exam must have accurate information in the text AND accurate answers to the review questions .
 Do n't publishers proof read these books anymore ? Numerous mistakes throughout the book including in the review questions . This book also does not cover things on the exam such as Compatibility settings . It seems as though the author just took the exam topics and wrote something that he thought was important , but not what Microsoft tested . Interestingly , one of the appendices contained test strategies that MS uses on the exams . Unfortunately the questions asked in the review exercises for the most part did not follow these guidelines .
 This book explains VB 6 in simple language so that even the idiot can understand VB 6 features . However , the content is simple as well and ca n't help you to pass the exam.Try the exam guide by Howard Hawhee . I 'm not sure whether it is the best , but it is second to none so far .
 Here is another cult book.It consists of discourses in response to narrow mind-sets of such as middle-class women in Los Angeles between 1920 and 1952 , before color TV and things like that.Some parts could be worth chewing on .
 I was excited about receiving this book , but once it arrived , I opened it up and could n't even make out the Arabic script because of the -LRB- very -RRB- poor quality of the print ! The English text was even fuzzy . Fortunately the return process went smoothly and I received my money back !
 This book is not even witten in Arabic . To use it I will have to learn a whole new transliteration system . It is useless for someone transitioning from classical Arabic to spoken arabic .
 This is NOT a suitable book to prepare for the exam . It contains a lot of syntax whereas the whole exam is scenario based . I studied it through and through and failed . This book is a good revision of the actual study guide , but defenitely not a guaranteed pass for the exam .
 I used this book as my primary study guide for the exam and I barely passed the exam . If I had n't used the Visual Basic 6 Distributed Exam cram and Transcender as supplements , I probably would have failed . This book does not provide enough depth on vital information for the exam . I would recommend using the transcender and exam cram to pass this exam . Do n't waste your time and money on this book .
 I used this book as my primary study guide for the exam and I barely passed the exam . If I had n't used the Visual Basic 6 Distributed Exam cram and Transcender as supplements , I probably would have failed . This book does not provide enough depth on vital information for the exam . I would recommend using the transcender and exam cram to pass this exam . Do n't waste your time and money on this book .
 This so-called doctor -LRB- his degree is from an unaccredited bible school -RRB- takes Jewish rituals and attempts to interpret them in a Christian perspective . However , he skews and misappropriates Jewish material to make it appear that is supports a Christian worldview , and a fundamentalist one at that . Pathetic and insensitive and just the sort of tripe one sees all-too-often among pseudo-preachers of this ilk . He 'd do better to get educated about Judaism and read the Talmud -- even better yet , he ought to leave Judaism alone and let the Rabbis do the interpreting in the light of their own faith .
 I found that it took too long to read the qeations and found some errors also . I guess that means know a little to spot errors .
 Although William Least Heat-Moon 's book does contain a few interesting pictures of American life , and his run-ins with such characters as farmers , diner-owners and a shipbuilder are sort of folksy and wonderful , they are so buried in the minor , uninteresting details of the trip as to make the reader wish that Least Heat-Moon had written a magazine article instead of a 412-page tome .
 This is just a terrible book.I ca n't understanding the enthusiam of some of the other reviewers . The book is a boring downer , and he seems like a nasty piece of work.Stay away .
 I had trouble staying awake for this one . I was like watching paint dry . I get giddy just thinking about it . I seen a better written book on teletubbies . Do not buy this book !
 Though I can not , at the moment , cite a better alternative because I have n't yet read any , I am sure they do exist . At least let 's hope so ...
 I was forced to read this book as part of my english gifted and talented class . It was the slowest , longest , worst written book ever ! The best part of the book was the end . It ended ! Finally , a long book about nothing . I will NEVER read this book again and I DO N'T encourage anyone else to read this . PLEASE save yourselves the boredom and stupidity that comes from this book . This guy has nothing better to do than go around in little boondocks in the US and force people to have conversations with him . It 's irritating . It 's boring . Please do yourselves some good and read cool books like Les Miserables , The Hunchback of Notre Dame , A tale of Two Cities , and other classics .
 -LRB- Make that star rating up there NEGATIVE 5 stars -RRB- I ca n't believe I 'm actually taking the time to write this for such an awful book , but I read all of the other reviews here and I ca n't understand why everyone thinks this book is so incredible . I thought it was the most uninteresting , torturous book I have ever read . If this book is any indication of what Heat-Moon 's personality and his English classes were like , I understand why he was laid off -LRB- and why his wife cheated on him ! -RRB- . 400-something pages of grueling , thick , unconnected text ruined my entire summer and destroyed any previous desire that I might have had to travel cross-country . I would not recommend this book to anyone ; I think it should be destroyed .
 If you 're into traveling along the back roads of America , definately pick up this book . But certainly do not read it unless you are in high enough spirits that the author 's continuous depression and disappointment wo n't get you down - not too much , anyway . Yes , he lost his job and his wife - and that 's what prompted his little foray around the country to find America and find himself , but it almost seems like he deliberately set out to find the most miserable people and places in the entire land . They say misery loves company - and Least Heat-Moon sure found plenty of company every bit as miserable and depressed as he was.I had kinda hoped for a recounting of places that were fun , exciting , interesting , and a discovery of what 's GOOD about America , but to Least Heat-Moon , there is nothing good about it , and he damned sure wants you to know just how bad everything is.The only reason I gave it any stars at all is that the journey , in and of itself , is interesting . But all the lamenting had me wondering if by the time he got done writing he 'd just plunge his truck off a cliff and get it over with already .
 Least Heat Moon 's descriptions of America 's people and places are densely atmospheric and wonderfully true to life . Without a doubt , they 're the best part of the book . If only they were the only part of the book ... His nostalgic -LRB- melancholy ? -RRB- brooding and dreary introspection are not what I expected from this `` Journey into America . '' I am not against bias ; I did not take the trip -- but it would have been a lot more enjoyable without the clutter and weight of the author 's personal baggage . I enjoyed reading about the folks and forgotten spots he visited along the way , but suggest that the title and publisher copy be changed to reflect his depressed inner journey if it 's all part of the long , boring trip .
 I 've read a lot of travel and `` road '' books over the last two years , after having completed my own `` cross country '' road trip one summer ... So not only do I have personal experience out there on this kind of trip , but I 've read pretty extensively on the subject -LRB- fiction and non-fiction -RRB- . And , this book came highly recommended -LRB- ??? -RRB- on here and I had heard about it several places , so I REALLY wanted to like it ! But unfortunately , this book does NOT measure up to all the other `` road '' books and travelogues . I found myself skipping/skimming VERY quickly through many , many sections -LRB- especially many of the conversations and his own brooding -RRB- . I found several interesting stories , road/place descriptions , and insights - but I only made it about 1/2 through this book until I just could n't keep going anymore . I am a person who truly appreciates the road and good writing about the road , but this is not it . I could n't put my finger on it , but some of the stories were just plain boring and some too long-winded ... and except for a few notable conversations/people , I was not interested in the people he met ... This `` journey into America '' does not measure up to other books in this category . I have no idea if the last half of the book is better than the first , maybe it is but I doubt it after reading some other reviews . I give it two stars for some interesting insights and descriptions but do n't waste your time . Find some better road books .
 I tried to like this book , I really did . I started to read it when it first came out , in the 80s , and again recently , and I just did n't enjoy it . It reminds me of PBS specials where some Harvard-educated musicologist ventures into the swamplands to interview old bluesmen , and tell us all the deep socio-economic underpinnings of the lyrics . Forget it . It 's just the blues - it 's meant to be felt in your bones , not theorized about . `` Blue Highways '' gave me the same feeling . W.L.H.Moon comes off as self-centered and condescending ; he seems to secretly pity those he meets , even as he wants us to chuckle knowingly at them . There are plenty of American travelogues written by people who actually live there . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 Not at all as interesting as I hoped it would be . The back roads of USA should be able to offer a much more colourful and interesting web than this .
 WLHM , although a decent writer , attempts to cross the brooding beat writers of a generation ago with Charles Kuralt . Moon fails miserably . There are some some passages of note , but mostly this work is brooding and pseudo-introspective and at times unfairly insulting to the people of whom he writes . As an English major and English teacher and a teacher of Appalachian literature , culture , history and traditions , I can not recommend this work with any enthusiasm at all .
 Book is one of the most boring I have ever tried to read . I read many travel books but this one is awful .
 I have not read this book but I am very familiar with the Standup Girl web site , and it is 100 % anti-abortion . While I respect the right of the authors and the women who tell their stories in the book to be anti-abortion and even to try and persuade the rest of us against abortion , I think that the title ` Take Charge of Your Unexpected Pregnancy ' might be misleading to some . If you are looking for a book that respects all your options - abortion , adoption and parenting - and your right to make your own decision , this is n't it .
 Nothing enlightening here . Same old techniques that have been discussed for years , with some minor tweaks . Suggest the book where a gentleman participated in the memory contests and learned the techniques .
 this book is for those who want to train the memory to be better . that 's not what i was looking for .
 Memory improvement is completely within anyone 's control and does not require abnormal brain power . Use Your Perfect Memory discusses many of the memory peg systems that can permit anyone willing to practice the ability to produce astounding retention . Tony Buzan has produced many books on improving memory , and in this book he has covered all his memory peg techniques as well as some history on the evolution of memory.Buzan makes it clear that powerful memory has little to do with brain capacity and everything to do with skill , practice , and technique . One only needs to spend thirty minutes practicing even one of his memory peg techniques to see the realization of this theory . These techniques will leave you with the ability -LRB- if you commit and practice -RRB- to retain unbelievable amounts of information that is considered very abnormal by most.I rate this book moderately because although it is useful and practical , it is not on par with most memory books in terms of the presentation of the material . Buzan 's efforts in this book are geared to providing as many techniques as possible to permit one to discover an individual system that matches their preferences . Buzan writes in so much depth on each technique that the material is unnecessarily repetitive . Any capable reader will grasp the process quickly after reading the first memory peg system and easily identify the similarities among all systems thereafter , making much of the content excessive.I highly recommend Buzan as an author on memory improvement and have rated one of his other books very high , but I recommend passing on this book and seeking out some of his newer material .
 I bought the first edition of this book - which was about 700 pages ; It cost me $ 44.95 - and the book was not worth a penny ! I believe the 2nd edition is better - because it has some extra pages and these last few pages are supposed to be better ! I find that hard to believe ... The authors do not know how to write a technical book - they are belligerent ! The book wanders all over the place - no details at all - or none of any consequence ! If the publishers had any conscience they would send me the last section of the new edition FOR FREE ! This was one of the worst computer books that I have ever run across ... AVOID other books by these authors !
 There is useful information in this book . But most of the book consists of `` case studies '' , some of which are interesting and some of which are not , but all of which essentially hype a `` sponsor '' middleware . This book is an `` infomercial '' that you have to pay for . A ripoff .
 hard to read . Does n't explain the material well . And you are NOT going to be an expert on XML after reading this .
 This book starts strong , then becomes a sad use of dead trees . There are a number of good examples on the uses of XML , but many overlap and become repetitive . The previous comment on poor editing is well founded ... the number of blantant printing and typographical errors is astounding .
 A good percentage of this book is dedicated to case studies , which are pure marketing drivel from the `` sponsors '' of the book . -LRB- Who ever heard of book sponsors , anyway ? -RRB- As if that were n't bad enough , in the preface we find
 I purchased this book on the strength that it was written by the creater of SGML so I figured ` how bad can it be ? ' Well I found out exactly how bad . This book fails to explain anything thouroughly , and whilst the first few chapters are fairly light and humourous , the middle section descends into needless and unjustified haranging of other fine technologies such as CORBA and seems to be one big advert for Microsoft and associates . Some of the information is just plain wrong , whilst other parts simply are badly explained . If your company is starting to try to avoid microsoft products as ours is , STAY AWAY ! Boy I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this book from a bookshelf in a store . I could have saved myself alot of time and money .
 The first 4 chapters talk about XML , as do the last 10 chapters . Sadly , Chapters 5 through 30 are case studies ` sponsored ' by such companies as Microsoft and Adobe . Some are dedicated to showing you how cool their XML development products are -LRB- so you will buy them -RRB- while others are dedicated to showing you the sponsor 's view of how XML should evolve -LRB- meaning in what direction Microsoft is planning to steer the XML movement . -RRB- In all fairness , some of the material in this book is good , and if you want to understand what XML is and how companies are using it , perhaps this book is for you.If , however , you are like me , and are looking for a book that will assist you in the implementation of XML , take the advice of the other reviewers who advise you to look somewhere else . I spent $ 40.00 on this book , and I can guarantee that it will sit in my group 's technical library collecting dust . Maybe someone will write a good XML book someday ...
 This is a seriously awful book . It is without doubt the ugliest most badly designed book I have ever seen . Much worse it is badly written , sheds little light on the subject matter , and even more heinous , it is purports to be unbiased technical book , but mostly consists of blatantly biased chapters `` sponsored '' by Microsoft and others . I have just finished Chapter 6 , `` sponsored '' by Microsoft and you would swear that IE was the only browser in the world , their implementation of DHTML the only one in the world , and there were no scripting languages/methodologies but VBScript and ASP . The writer did not have the PROFESSIONAL DECENCY to give a balanced overview of the subject matter , just tried to push MS products . SHAME SHAME SHAME on everyone involved in this terrible book . I am only giving it one star because the form wo n't accept anything less .
 The two highly respected experts , Goldfarb and Prescod , have seriously compromised their good reputations by putting their names on a book that is essentially a compendium of advertisements/position papers from SGML/XML vendors .
 ... at least that is what the publisher was trying to provide the companies ... oops ... I mean authors with.I do n't mind the format except that it was written by the marketing departments , and not the people who actually do the work . As a technician I found it useless , insulting , and full of wishy-washy statements -LRB- no I ca n't give you examples because I threw the book away a long time ago -RRB- . However , they are the kind of statements I 'm constantly fighting over today -LRB- with our company 's executives -RRB- like `` seamless integration . '' What does that mean ? To my company execs it means no more pain . No more money to be spent . We do XML right ? Then why ca n't we import that document format today ? What do you mean we can only handle certain XML standards - `` the whole company thinks we do XML , and your telling me we do n't ! `` This book is part of the `` do XML B2B and get rich quick '' fiasco of 2000 . I like Charles Goldfarb , but he sold out to the wall street MBA types who have completely unrealistic expectations of what technology can and can not do .
 This is a good summary of where XML and associated technologies come from , and where they are going . It has good links to get the latest on standards . The CD-ROM has a lot of software packages . HOWEVER , this is defintely not for programmers . Do not look for code examples or anything close .
 I kept reading more of the book to see if it would get better . Unfortunately , it did not.Good points : -- Part 1 offers a concise introduction to XML . -- Part 5 offers a good , although wordy , treatment of XML definitions and usage.Bad Points : -- Three sections -LRB- almost 350 pages -RRB- of superficial `` case studies '' -LRB- ads -RRB- sandwiched between Parts 1 and 5 . -- Only in Chapter 33 is the Spec Reference Structure explained -- after over 400 pages of examples using this format -- Poor organization inhibits utility . The book is simply not structured in a logical manner which makes it difficult to understand a logical system like XML .
 I purchased this book with great expectations and the book failed them all . I was not able to get a complete picture of the core topic - XML because there is lack of continuity here . Even the business applications have not been explained proprely - the power of XML is never demonstrated effectively .
 For the money I shelled out for this book , I expected to be able to see some fairly decent examples of how to 1 . Write the XML code and 2 . Use what I 've written . Admittedly , I did skim through the book , but I figured , `` Hey , it 's the guy who wrote the SGML spec - ca n't be too bad , must 've just missed something . I 'll catch it when I read the book . `` Well , I have n't found it yet ... still looking ... nope , not there.I am very disappointed ... And what the heck is a `` chapter sponsor '' or a book sponsor , anyway ? If you 've got sponsors , I should be able to get the book a wholoe lot cheaper.What a waste of money .
 As an `` Introduction to XML '' , why XML could be important and useful to you , and why XML is an intelligent evolution of data handling this book recieves 3.5 stars . Could have been 4 if there were a good editor on staff who trimed all the duplication and excess verbiage . I think the authors must have been paid by the pound instead of by the word.As `` the XML Handbook '' it 's almost useless . Sure , as other reviewers have noted , there is some good stuff in the last few chapters but it 's too hard to get at to be useful . And usefulness in my lexicon is mandatory for a `` handbook '' . Other handbook requisites are lightweight -LRB- easy to pack around -RRB- , concise and easily understood wording , and a complete index . This book fails on all counts.I learned things and I 'm glad I read it . Very sorry I paid $ 70cdn for it . I wo n't be buying anything else in this series or from these authors .
 An absolutely useless source for information on xml . The examples were not clear or useful , and the writing was too pretentious to read . I would not recommend this book , or any of the others in this series -LRB- i have read the others also - searching for something applicable -RRB- .
 I 'm a senior programmer . I spent a whole night reading this book , but at the end , I 'm still a stranger to XML . Totally lost ! What a waste of my precious time ! I should spent that time with my boyfriend watching movie ...
 This book lacks a good index so it is virtually impossible to use it for finding specific advice when you work with a XML file.After a year or so I realised several pages are blank inside the book . I think this shows how much use this book was for me ...
 One would have expected much more from the creator of SGML . As it stands , this book is a mere collection of `` case studies '' which in fact constitute little more than uncritical advertisement for the makers of fairly expensive products -LRB- all of which running on a popular proprietary operating system ; some products running on competing platforms get a brief glimpse , but in no way as detailed as the above-mentionned -RRB- . Why one is expected to pay dearly for such information is beyond me -LRB- although I did , by mail order ... which further explains my frustration and disappointment -RRB- . There is also the fact that the actual factual information there is -LRB- a very thin portion of the whole -RRB- is often presented in a rather infantile way which annoys more than it informs . Much more factual and useful information is readily available on the net.It would not be so bad if Goldfarb 's book was n't so expensive . This further adds to the unpleasant impression that this book is an attempt at cashing in fast on the xml craze.Any newcomer to xml will be MUCH better served with Bradley 's book
 As a software developer and product designer , I was looking for a book on XML that could quickly give me an understanding of how XML works to allow me to ponder how I may apply it . I 'm still looking . After a reasonably promising start -LRB- though a little too cute and rah-rah -RRB- , there is a series of chapters that read like bad magazine articles geared toward managers . After a bit of puzzlement , I realized I needed to skip 400 pages ahead to get back to the explanation of how XML works ! And in that section there are too many forward references to make reading comfortable . I have just ordered a second XML book . Wish me luck !
 One of the strangest books I have seen and a very disturbing trend . The authors sold corporate sponsorship of chapters and let each company write an chapter-length ad . Its bad enough to get ads at movie theaters and on rental videos , but in a technical book ? It 's one thing to have ads in things where the cost is largely underwritten by the ads -LRB- like magazines -RRB- , but its quite another to find 25 % of a full-priced book filled with ads . Buying this book will only help to standardize this practice . Send the publishing industry a message by refusing to buy this book.As many other readers point out , this book is aimed at managers who could buy the products sold by the companies who bought chapter ads .
 This book includes a lot of topics but mainly at the level of marketing documents , it may be good for some high-level managers but not very useful for developers .
 This XML book is heavy on bad jokes and light on examples in the early chapters . If you are looking for a solid introduction to XML please do n't buy this book . Its like learning to ride a bike by building your own bike out of paper . The author enjoys including bad jokes and then making you read footnotes explaining the joke . The author also devotes many pages on the exact use of terms . Most of the time an explanation of terminology is useful , however the author convolutes each definition with his own jokes and exhaustive list of misuses that you are often more confused after reading the definition . Sometimes the author will say `` This term should only be used to describe < a > and not < b , c , d > but we will still use it for < b , c , d > if the context fits . This is very confusing . Also , the author does not seem to think examples are important . The first 100 pages contain almost no examples . Often , XML concepts are illustrated with juveniles cartoon pictures and described with equally juvenile metaphors designed to be amusing instead of instructive . The author does not make it clear which concepts are essential and which elements are less important and throws them all together so you are forced to read 100 pages in order to glean 20 pages of useful material . If I was reading a book on how to ride a bike I would like to know where to put my feet and how to pedal . I do n't care why the wheels should n't be called tires or who invented the first bicycle lock . In summary
 The XML handbook starts out as an interesting and extremely well written book . It gives excellent background and presents the history and philosophy of XML in a fine and interesting manner - almost as good as a novel ! Suddenly , it drops you and goes from page 110 - 720 describing products for you to buy that you have not even been presented a background for yet . The at page 720 the book starts again . This 990 page book ends up with 380 pages of book and 610 pages of commercials ! This is preposterous ! It 's also a shame that what could and should have been a fine book sold itself cheaply - and expects the customer to pay the price . I 'm sad for the authors .
 A few years ago , I bought Dr Goldfarb 's great `` SGML Handbook '' . I thought `` The XML Handbook '' would be something similar.The book contains , roughly , 100 pages of introduction to XML ; 250 pages of tutorials on XML and its subcultures ; and almost 600 pages of corporate presentations , of varying quality , on various aspects of XML application and implementation.The introduction and tutorials , although good , did n't have the depth I was looking for.The corporate bit addresses a very broad range of interesting issues , with varying levels of detail , but never enough to `` solve the problem '' . So for me , the signal-to-noise ratio was pretty low.Let me give an example of a major gap in the book 's coverage
 There are far better books , that cost less , are more concise andreveal a lot more about XML and the impact it is starting to have onsociety . If you are a programmer seeking a technical guide , this isnot for you either .
 horrible ... unintelligible , written by people who like the look of their own words on paper , but these words lack content and scope . They 're supposed to be two people who define documents , but their book layout is completely bunk , which scares me .
 This is a copied collection of quotes from hither and yon with no indexing of subject or authors . Did not catch that it is Barlett NOT Bartlett . Total waste of paper , not to mention money .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this one . I went through the MS MOC classes , read Inside SQL -LRB- a must have for anyone studing for the MCDBA cert . -RRB- and then bought this book . I also read the Troy Techs . This book was way off of both tests , 70-28 and 70-29 . To get it done , study the MOC materials , read Inside SQL , and work with the product as much as possible . But do n't buy this book .
 This book seriously lacks the depth and difficulty that would be required to have a taste of the real Design exam . I have not used this book to pass the Admin exam , so I can not comment on that . The only reason to buy this title is to give yourself a start . It is not by any means representative of the actual exam . May I suggest that you study from `` Inside SQL Server 7.0 '' from Microsoft Press and from `` Professional SQL Server 7.0 Programming '' from Wrox . Both of these are wonderful books . All in all , if you have the cash to stash , you can buy this title as well , But I would advise against using it to measure your preraredness to the exam.Good Luck Gabor Bona -LRB- B.Sc . MCSE MCDBA MCP+I -RRB-
 Book is not detail enough to guide both beginner or experience professional to pass the exam . ALL books from Syngress Media for MCSD OR MCSE are bad for the exam ... do not get it !!!!
 I brought the book for my 028 and 029 examination . I found the book full of typo and spelling mistake . Sometimes I doubt the correctness of the answer . The practice questions are stragiht forward wherars the questions in the exam are much more complicated . It test your background knowledge but not good enough for the examination .
 I think , the one who makes such claims , should prove their claims . Most of the book reads like a science fiction.The ideas are not new.Is this another attempt to create a new relligion ? Manipulation of the highest degree . Dr . Chalko claims several of our top scientists have read the book . I would like to know who they are , so , I can speak to them . . Thank you
 When you click on the book it says `` From Experts '' and with SAP demo CD in the previous page . I ordered the book and what I got is SAP R/3 implementation with ASAP . `` An essential guide to System Architects , Admins , and Tech . consulants . Based on Release 4.0 , Featuring Free Demo Exam Similar to CTC Exam '' . This is the cover of the book I received . So it may be a good book for IT Managers , etc. . To a functional consultant , this is almost useless . On the technical side it almost looks like the SAP R/3 System Administration book from SYBEX with ASAP procedures .
 Somewhere in this book , Frank mentioned that he 's a huge fan of coffee and cigarettes . This book proves it . It reads far less like a coherent chronicle of his life than a five-hour , stimulant-fueled , stream-of consciousness rant about a number of topics apparently irking Frank that day . The unfortunate result is an unfocused , dated train wreck , where we are `` treated '' to such groundbreaking insights as Televangelists are Bad , Reagan was Conservative , the War on Drugs is Ineffective and the PMRC is a Joke . Thanks.Now , I do n't blame Frank ; he was just being honest . I instead focus my exasperation on the `` editor '' of this disaster , who should have immediately recognized that most of this book would be completely irrelevant the minute it hit the press . What 's more , since anyone with a basic background in journalism would instantly know that most of Frank 's diatribes were based almost entirely on conjecture , hearsay and dubious conspiracy theories , it should have been obvious that a full half of this book is complete crap.The result is that not only is the last half of this book unreadable , but also that a wonderful opportunity for a first-hand account of a fascinating story was forever lost . I mean , here 's a guy who , I believe , has released almost 100 albums , has produced some of history 's most groundbreaking rock music , and became a virtuoso guitarist and respected composer with no formal musical training-where 's that story ? Instead , we suffer through 50 pages of Frank watching charismatic preachers from Texas on TV , describing point by excruciating point what 's happening on the screen.If the person overseeing this mess would have had the slightest hint of a spine and reeled this thing in , we might have had a truly insightful glimpse into what made this enigmatic genius tick . Instead , we learn that Frank would like to see Apartheid abolished . Oh wait , that happened 15 years ago . A wasted opportunity .
 Very little historical information ; instead , mostly dated rants , opinions , and ah , yes , information about what Frank ate for dinner , if that strikes your fancy.It was somewhat interesting , however , to read Frank 's reasoning concerning the whole PMRC/Tipper Gore/censorship thing , that it was being used to draw attention from other legislation that was much more evil .
 The only difference between the `` wisdom '' and `` humor '' that Frank Zappa and `` Red '' Auerbach put out is that Auerbach knows that his routine IS a routine . Frank Zappa just knew what he knew . Whoopee !
 If you go into this book , or any part of the series expecting more than a lighthearted -LRB- simple and silly -RRB- storyline aimed for kids somewhere around 6-8 years old , you will be disappointed . My review is sort of a mashup of the first 3 books since together they are almost the same length as a regular novel , and that was as far as I could read without feeling the urge to remove them my digital library . They are also all done by the same two authors , Paul Davids and Hollace Davids so the ` feel ' is much the same throughout . I am going to do my best not to hate on this series , but I will give quite a few examples why this was the worst set of books I have read in years . I think the authors knowledge of the Star Wars universe consists of having watched the original trilogy once when it was first in theaters over 30 years ago , and then by brushing up by quickly flipping through an abridged Star Wars dictionary for a few characters names and places.Many of the main characters like Luke and Han just feel like different people with the same name . They do and say things that are out of character . In the second book , after finding the lost city of the Jedi , Han exclaims &#34; My Correlian buddies are not going to believe this &#34; . This makes no sense . Han never had many friends and seing as how the author knows Han is from Corellia , makes assumptions . In the movies and in many of the books , Han had few friends , and the ones he did were made after he joined the Alliance , or were known by first name , like Luke , or Lando . He never had so many friends that they were known as his buddies . Second , Han is also not the type of character to just brag about everything he does . If he is that type of person , it would be about a specific accomplishment , like say , helping the alliance twice blow up the Death Star . Even if he had all these miscellanious buddies the author talks about , why would n't they beleive him ? He stumbled upon some lost city that also happens to be on a moon that has some Jedi or force using history . I would think they would have more trouble beleiving that he shot Darth Vaders tie fighter down.The author does something that every write who delves into Sci-fi and fantasy knows not to . He makes references to real life things on more than one occasion . In the second book , there is kid talking about finding cats and dogs that are noted in the Jedi archives . Later on the author talks about a Bantha as being the size of an elephant . Maybe that is how kids books are written , but I found it to be piss-poor writing . He also mentions ` computer notebook ' . There are many ways to say ` portable computer ' and still sound sci-fi ish . He may as well say that an X-Wing is half the size of a NASA shuttle or that the stormtroopers rifle shoots through armor as well as an AK-47 . You simply do not mix reality with fantasy as it ruins the illusion . Many Star Wars books have done it better , such as the word &#34; Coffeine &#34; , which is a mashup between coffee and caffeiene . You know what what it is and even if you eyeroll a little on the combination , it is still not a direct link to something so real . It is also done very well in other books like on the word flimsiplast , or flimsi . This is meant to be paper , or some type of thin material to write on , but still keeps you immersed in the Star Wars universe without a mundane explanation or some realistic comparison.Next up we have simple unoriginality . In the first book there is reference to two different aliens with 3 eyes . The names are Triclops and Trioculous . Yeah . I guess it is a good thing there was n't a 3rd three eye alien or it would be named Triumph or Triceratops or something else equally unoriginal . There is also quite alot of acronyms used . Yes , this is a regular thing in the Star Wars universe , but it feels overboard . From TNT 's to SPIN . The acronyms are not only bad , but spelled out telling you &#34; SPIN is short for Senate 's Planetary Intelligence Network &#34; . A decent author is able to work in an acronym 's long name without spelling it out directly . There are also HSD 's -LRB- Housekeeping specialist droids -RRB- and JDT 's -LRB- Jawa Droid Traders -RRB- . I mean really , why not just say Jawas ? Though this is a kids book so I suppose I will be lenient on this one . There is also a Homework Correction droid ... ugh . There was alaso a reference to a secret code in one of the books JE-99-DI-88-FOR-00-CE . Again , I suppose I have to cut it some slack for being a kids book , but I did a major eyeroll on this one.Next up we have continuity problems - Darth vader has an indestructible glove ? Ummm , ok , sure why not . Banthas on Yavin ? I suppose that is possible , though unlikely . There is a reference to a few neighboring towns near the Alliance temple on Yavin . I suppose a small village might be set up but for the most part , Yavin was a jungle world with no indigenous sentient life forms and was a pretty secret place to begin with . The fact that there would be a few well populated towns nearby seems a bit overstated . In the 3rd book it talks about Jabba 's palace and how when Jabba died the palace was turned into a retirement home for aged aliens by the government of Tatooine . Really , the palace was taken back by the B'omarr monks , and I would highly doubt anyone wanting to live their last years in peace would want to do that in a place like that , that also happens to be quite a long distance away from any well populated area . And then the idea that there is an actual government for all of Tatooine ? Possible but again , doubtful.Overall the writing is simple and silly and truly meant for very young children . Much of the continuity does not align well with other books and too many times as I was reading this I laughed out loud at either the absurdity of plot or character actions , to cringing at how bad the writing was . The Star Wars fan in me wants to keep reading the last 3 books but quality issues aside , this is too far out of the normal Star Wars universe to be considered extended extended universe or even alternate universe .
 I found this book and the rest of the series reasonably entertaining when I first read them at eleven years old , but still not as good as Junior Jedi Knights -LRB- my favorite books at the time -RRB- . Now that I have recently read this book and the whole series again , I realize that they are really not very good at all , and I am generally pretty leniant with books of all kinds ! This book in particular was one of the worst . The plot is silly and unbelievable , and the characters and writing are plain awfull . Kids twelve and under probably wo n't notice or care , but older fans will most likely find them boring and stupid . Also these books do not fit into the timeline at all , so it wo n't make any sense if you try to read them with other stuff .
 Although the best of Paul and Hollace Davis ' first trilogy , Zorba the Hutt 's Revenge provides even more of the same as the style is made to entertain people , but not be a significant part of the history of Star Wars .
 Almost every entry here is a straightforward , unimaginative transcription of the short etymology feature included in ANY dictionary of the English language . A typical entry in this book reads -LRB- in full -RRB-
 First off , the Editorial Review is somewhat misleading , as there are very few idioms -LRB- `` say it with flowers '' is not one of them -RRB- in this book . The book is mainly concerned with words originating from Middle or Old English -- that is , words whose origins are straightforward.I was hoping for a book that would discuss modern words with unclear -LRB- like `` hooker '' , `` skyscraper '' , or `` reefer '' -RRB- , and include idioms common in today 's speech . This book seems to limit its entries to words with easy-to-trace origins , and idioms -LRB- like `` spick and span '' -RRB- that do n't see much usage in the books I read.There must be a better reference out there .
 Though interesting , this book might well have been titled `` Why I 'm Right and Everyone Else is Wrong '' . This is an author with a definite purpose , and any enlightenment one gets is secondary to the book 's overall tone of self-justification . Though Feigen shows an intense dislike for ex-Met director Thomas Hoving , Hoving 's books consistently deliver more solid information and fewer sour grapes and give a more balanced view of the art world .
 Feigen does a wonderful job of tooting his own horn and bashing the hard-earned reputations of others . The subtitle of the book
 Mr. Feign is a well known art dealer who has written a disjointed series of stories related in that they all involve him and some noble act or great art find by him . In many of the stories Mr. Feign is critical of collectors , dealers , and administrators of art museums who are now dead and unable to defend themselves . Richard the Great emerges as the only noble and knowledgable person who always does the right thing and always barely misses the gold ring of finding and acquiring a lost art treasure . If you are interested in an egomaniac 's view of his life and the shortcomings of others , written in the guise of stories about art this is the book for you . The editor should be fired for not catching the number of duplications of facts and typographical errors .
 I purchased this item thinking it was the English translation , probably because the title was in English and I could find no indication that it was the original Russian text . I would suggest making it very clear which language the book is written in . I ended up giving it away to one of my colleagues , who is a Russian teacher , to give to a student someday .
 I 'm a hardcore Java developer . I develop non-trivial client/server applications 10 + hours a day for a living . The concept behind the book sounded useful . I was wrong . A big listing of classes and method signatures is not useful . How is ... Socket
 I bought this book based on the review I read in InfoWorld . I will have to say that this book provides little more than your IDE 's online help . About the only thing this book is good for is kindling for my wood burning stove .
 The Java Developer 's Almanac is basically a gigantic listing of the majority of Java 1.2 's classes and libraries . The book is lightweight and as dense as your average dictionary , which is great when all you 're interested in is finding that certain special method . Unfortunately , it also resembles the first edition of O'Reilly 's Java in a Nutshell , which means it could use some improvement . The returned-by and passed-to information -LRB- absolutely essential for finding relationships -RRB- is stuck way in the back of the book . And all the classes are alphabetized by name rather than package , which leaves a lot of completely unrelated classes next to each other . In short , get O'Reilly 's Nutshell first .
 On the plus side , the star charts are the most clear and readable of any 6th magnitude atlas . Unfortunately , the atlas contains a couple of flaws which impede its usefulness in the field.It goes to magnitude 6.5 and shows 9500 stars , which limits its usefulness . Even a lowly 6x30mm finder goes considerably deeper than that.When you look for an object just off the edge of one of your charts , the edge of the chart tells you nothing about where to go next . You have to fumble back to the index page to find out which chart to go to , which is time consuming and aggravating.Terrestrial atlases place guides at the edges of their maps
 I have this book and I am very disappointed in it.Yes , the charts are very well done . However , the book 's layout and organization -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- make the charts next to useless . They do next to nothing for the beginner who needs first to learn the sky . For the more serious observer , these charts are hopeless.I would encourage beginner 's to look at Norton 's Atlas -LRB- 20th edition -RRB- which has nice , large swaths of the sky covered in each chart along with a large reference section . Yes , if you get serious , you 'll outgrow Norton 's charts quickly , but you 'll still have its useful reference material which is the bulk of the book.For the serious observer , there 's the Sky Atlas 2000.0 , the Millenium , and older Uranometria atlases , all of which have much more detail that the serious observer craves.As other reviewers have observed , these middle level charts -LRB- up to Mag 6 -RRB- are probably not very uselful for either beginner or serious observer . I would add , `` especially in the format presented here '' .
 of all the star atlases churned out by wil tirion this is in my opinion the least successful.the overall plan is excellent -- an accurate chart and gazetteer of the moon , a clear explanation of altazimuth , equatorial and galactic coordinate systems , monthly full sky maps and handsome mollweide projection maps of clusters , galaxies and nebulae in the galactic coordinate system . -LRB- these are similar to the all sky charts deleted from the paperback edition of luginbuhl & skiff 's `` observering handbook '' . -RRB- but the star charts have simply been photoreduced too far
 If you 're looking for a solid , factual , textbook-style , book on the Chicago fire , this work probably is n't for you . With chapter titles such as `` Reluctant Modernism , The Past a Present '' , `` Derrick Time , Architecture , Memory and the Poetics of Ruin '' and `` Wright 's Piano , Imagining the New Chicago '' , this book deals with the authors opinion of the societal and intellectual effects of the fire . For example , '' ... Chicagoans ... indulged the apocalyptic rhetoric occasioned by the fire and to an extent were even flattered by it , ... reluctant modernists who would gladly face the present as long as it was safely anchored in the past . '' -LRB- page 57 , paragragh 1 -RRB- The good point about this book is that it is filled with pre and post fire pictures of Chicago . That 's the only reason for the two stars .
 Lured by the Title and the name ` Dave Eggers ' , I borrowed the audio version of this from my local library . ` Just by chance ' I listened first to the story `` Things we knew when the house caught fire '' by David Drury.At the end of the 37 minutes , my friend 's and my jaws were on the floor.A truly astounding work . Transcendent . I then attempted to listen to all the other pieces . Yeeeeeech ; complete waste of time . For the life of me , would like to know the backstory of this occurrence ; how did this come to be?Cutting to the chase , you decide . Buy a used copy just for the one ` story of a lifetime ' and share it with all you know ; what a gift it is .
 They should retitle this volume
 Eggers and Smith , the two `` hippest '' writers around , assume that they have the gravitas to force their trendy , ironic tastes on the reading public . If their own books are any indication , this volume will be chalk-full of pompous post-modern dronings about the absurdity of contemporary existence . Eggers forward is atrocius . So you should skip that . Actually , skip the whole book . But if you 're one of those young people wearing vintage track jackets , cardigan sweaters , stonewashed jeans , black-rimmed granny classes and multiple facial piercings , and who loves discussing the nuances of Foucalt 's philosophy at Starbucks , then look no further . This collection was made for you .
 I felt furious after scanning this book , especially with the Sample test on the CD ! It is not even close to the real exam and full of errors . It is totally a waste of money , and waste of time as well . I am very dispointed with this book because I thought It should be close to the test format after the test has been out there so long . But it does n't seem to me that the author has ever taken the test by himself ! Save your money for a Christmas gift or some thing ! There are n't good books out in the market .
 I 've been studying for the MCSD ; I 'm currently 3/4 of the way there . Although I 've used the Exam Cram series of books thus far -LRB- with great satisfaction -RRB- , the Exam Prep - Architectures book does n't provide a lot in the way of real preparation for the test.This book demonstrates a lot of great skills to have but if you really want to pass the exam get the Transcender software and the Exam Cram book to fill in the gaps.On another note
 DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK FOR THE PRACTICE TESTS AND CD . You will be sorely disappointed . The CD-ROM fails on almost all it 's promises . In my case , the practice tests did n't even work and the solutions to the hands-on projects were fragmented and disjointed.Content wise , the book is a quick , simple introduction to the models but certainly wo n't give you enough of a basis for the test alone . You WILL need other preparation guides . You 're better off buying the Microsoft Training Kit book .
 I felt furious after scanning this book , especially with the Sample test on the CD ! It is not even close to the real exam and full of errors . It is totally a waste of money , and waste of time as well . I am very dispointed with this book because I thought It should be close to the test format after the test has been out there so long . But it does n't seem to me that the author has ever taken the test by himself ! Save your money for a Christmas gift or some thing ! There are n't good books out in the market .
 i got the kindle edition and returned it the next day , the offset tables are small and can not be enlarged so you can actually read them . so save yourself the trouble and get the printed edition . other than that , from what i looked over , it looks like the book has great information in it .
 This book like most other books on boat building is notable for its ommissions . There are so many I will mention only one.Most important perhaps - There is no method given to help you detemine if the boat you have constructed is structurally sound . You CAN follow the author 's instructions and produce a boat which is UNSAFE to use in any location .
 If you want bang for your buck , pick up Rachael 's 365 book instead of this one . The recipes here are mostly found in that book as well . These recipes really are n't all that innovative , as far as kids recipes go -LRB- you already know how to cook hot dogs and grilled cheese sandwiches , right ? -RRB- , and the Rachael Ray 365 book has lots more information about altering recipes to suit your needs and other really helpful hints .
 I was so disappointed with this cookbook that I returned it . The recipes are not kid friendly and include abnormal ingredients that we would not normally have and that kids often do n't like . As an alternative , I stumbled across a fun cookbook that my kids love called `` Gross out Cakes . ''
 I thought this book had some great recipes but most did n't strike me as very kid friendly . There were a few but not that many .
 I received this as a gift . There are just different variations of the same foods . How many different ways can you make a hamburger or a salad ? And I do n't think variations of salad all fall under the `` Top 30 '' kid foods . There are n't enough recipes in here that are actually kid friendly .
 My Grand children love Rachel Ray , I have bought them 3 of the children 's cook books . I did not check the size of this book before purchase , my fault . It 's a much smaller book than the others , it 's very hard to see the small print . The pictures are great but the small instructions print is lighter in color . Would send it back but that 's more trouble . My fault I always read reviews , amount of pages etc. . So shame on me this time . Surprized this is a product of Rachel Ray .
 My kids love all kinds of foods , and they are 4 and 21/2 . I expect them to eat what I serve , and they do . However , I do n't expect young children to LOVE lettuce , specifically salads , so I serve other vegetables . That said , almost every freakin ' recipe in this book has `` Serve with a green salad '' beside it . Thanks , Rachael Ray ! I am SO glad that you are SO creative!Also , this book is about six inches square . Not very readable or practical.Finally , this book is basically all `` Spaghetti and Meatballs '' , `` Grilled Cheese Sandwiches '' , and `` Burgers '' . I know Oprah LOVES this woman , but does Oprah really think that this is creative fare?I guess I should have considered the source ; RR has no children , so what the heck would she know about cooking `` kid food '' ? I 'm getting rid of this piddly little book .
 Boule de Suif is the story that made Maupassant famous , a story admired by his mentor Flaubert shortly before he died.The translation in this volume has been in circulation since 1903 . It is done by someone who does not know the French language at all and is full of astonishing howlers.It is depressing to think that the English-speaking world has read this great story in such a dreadful translation for a century.Some examples of the translator 's incompetence : `` choqua '' translated as `` choked '' -LRB- should be `` shocked '' -RRB- `` grouillaient '' translated as `` grumbled '' -LRB- should be `` swarmed '' -RRB- `` interloque '' translated as `` interlocutor '' -LRB- should be `` struck dumb '' -RRB- `` glissaient '' translated as `` glistened '' -LRB- should be `` slipped -RRB- `` inattendue '' translated as `` unwitting '' -LRB- should be `` unexpected '' -RRB- `` entre deux couplets '' translated as `` between the two rows of people '' -LRB- should be `` between verses '' -RRB- `` grallait une pipe sur le siege '' translated as `` had a lighted pipe under the seat '' -LRB- should be `` smoked a pipe on the seat '' -RRB- `` Il sont verts '' translated as `` he is very green '' -LRB- should be `` sour grapes '' -RRB- `` par convenance '' translated as `` for convenience '' -LRB- should be `` out of propriety -RRB- `` defiant '' translated as `` defiant '' -LRB- should be `` mistrustful '' -RRB- `` propre '' translated as `` proper '' -LRB- should be `` clean '' -RRB- `` malpropre '' translated as `` improper '' -LRB- should be `` dirty '' -RRB- `` lapin '' translated as `` little wolf '' -LRB- should be `` rabbit '' -RRB- `` le faisant s ` interesser a des choses qui , vraiment , ne le regardaient guere '' translated as `` making themselves interested in things that , in truth , they would never think of noticing '' -LRB- should be `` making God interested in things that , in truth , were no concern of his '' -RRB- `` ce ton ... que les hommes poses emploient avec les filles '' translated as `` tone ... after the manner of men having girls in their employ '' -LRB- should be `` the tone ... that men of experience use with prostitutes '' -RRB- The text is entirely denatured in this appalling anonymous translation , which should never have been distributed commercially . `` La Maison Tellier , '' another fine tale , is again sorely mistreated.The two key scenes are an emotive First Communion ceremony at which the ladies distinguish themselves by their piety ; as a pendant to this the story ends with another scene at their brothel that can only be described as an orgy.In the present bowdlerized translation the two pages describing the Communion scene are omitted and it becomes a Confirmation ceremony instead , and the orgy becomes an innocent dance at which the ladies become a little tipsy !
 I bought this book because I needed it for my college English class , but when I went to use it I noticed thatIt was missing a couple of short stories . This version is different from the Dover edition that is also being sold on Amazon . Buy the Dover edition not this one .
 It is unfortunate that Guy De M is known in the USA for his short stories . They are well-written and were ground-breaking 150 years ago , but they do not age well . This translation is particularly poor and the Dover edition is so cheap and flimsy that the only thing good you can say about it is that it 's cheap . And cheap is n't always the best value . For great French short fiction , try Emile Zola . De M 's novels are great and age much better than this stuff . Historically they 're interesting but have an O. Henry quality that does n't work much anymore .
 Wait untill 5th edition comes out or try Linux Secrets by Barkakati.I am going to throw this book away and replace it with somthing else , it is not worth the space it wastes on the shelf !
 At first glance this book looks like it is going to be really helpful , but on buying and reading it , I was severely dissapointed . The book does not go into any real depth on subjects - it tells you what your computer should do , but not how to fix a problem when one occurs . It is only really helpful as long as things go exactly as planned . And sometimes the text is just plain confusing . The primary reason I did n't give this book 0 stars is that it does explain how to use most of the software included with it , while many other books just assume you know already .
 This book was written by someone installing a distro and writing down notes . There 's absolutely no info in here . If you get stuck then tough . There are many better books for beginners out there .
 This books is not as helpful as I expected at all . The structure looks very good , but when I read it , I found none of the topic was explained clearly and thoroughly . For example , adding a user , it only mentioned command adduser without indicating which file that really recorded the user information . Actually , when I installed Linux and set up configuration , I have to look for other help , like Linux online help . This book just added my confusion .
 Like I said , do n't buy this book if you think that you are totally new to Linux . I do n't consider myself a computer novice , but , still , unclear and incompleted explanations found in the book only led me to confusion.Also , the old version of Linux , RedHat 5.1 , is distributed along with the book . Better get a newer one !
 I bought this book to help with RH5 .1 configuration and PPP dial up to my ISP > I found nothing about day to day operations and nothing was in there about diapup . I do not recmmend this book to anyone and I think I will wait till the new edition fo the unleashed Redhat linux book comes out .
 Linux is a very complex operating system . I would expect the book -LRB- especially such a large and expensive one -RRB- to cover important topics concisely and in depth with clear , understandable guidance to readers . It fails miserably . The authors frequently contradict themselves , providing inconsistent , sometimes outdated information . Information that should be presented in a tabular form is written out long hand . Much information is repeated several times in different chapters . Important issues and topics are not covered or are covered inadequately.This book is not worthy of one star .
 Linux is n't exactly childs play ! And this book does n't help out either . It does n't provide any complete information . The whole book is writen in notes , and it does n't provide any details at all . Even the 3 CD 's are somewhat incomplete . refrences provided are inconsistent with the book and CD 's . For not knowing Linux , I must say this book kind of gave me a very scary intorduction to it ! = -LRB-
 This relates to 5th edition.The overall content seems valuable for a starter to intermediate Linux user . However , individual chapters are very poorly organised . For instance , text switches from one topic to another , then back to the original one , almost as if points were noted down in the sequence the author thought of them . Typographical and syntactical errors are rife , making it impossible to rely on the information imparted.Quite obviously , the book has not been proof-read . It is unfortuate really , because it could so easily have been a useful piece of work .
 Yes , it comes with three distributions of Linux
 If you have some understanding of Linux this book will make you even more confused .
 While the back of the book says it is aimed at Intermediate to advanced users , the introduction claims that it is aimed at beginners.I have never used Linux much , and have recently installed a dual-boot system . The book mentions LILO , but is completely incorrect regarding its installation . . actually . . it does n't cover the installation at all.This book has a very scatter-brained approach , and is incorrect far too often for me .
 This book is rubbish . Please do NOT buy it ! If I had to rewrite the book , it would have been 40 pages instead of 900 ! The CD-ROM 's that come with the book are rubbish to . You 're better off buying Red Hat Linux at your local computer shop .
 I have copies of the second edition , and the fourth edition , 1999 reprint . The second edition is Slackware oriented , and comes with Slackware and Red Hat on CD 's . The fourth edition is supposedly Red Hat oriented , and comes with Red Hat 5.1 , and Caldera OpenLinux Lite 1.2 , on CD 's , as well as a CD with source code for the Red Hat distribution . However , the fourth edition does not come with Slackware . But , for some strange reason , the command explanations , eg , adduser , relate only to the Slackware distribution , and are completely different to the Red Hat distribution . The installation instructions for the Red Hat distribution are poorly written , and miss too much material , skipping over important material . The information is somewhat inaccurate , and this is only discovered when it is too late . On page 33 of the book , it states `` For a complete installation of everything in the distribution , 150MB to 200MB is recommended . '' However , after having repartioned my hard disk with a partition for Linux of 625MB , so I could install Red Hat Linux and Star Office , with lots of room left to spare , when I was installing Red Hat Linux 5.1 , from the CD , with all the packages , I found that it required 657 MB . I ended up re-installing , without many of the packages , and cutting the installation to supposedly 500MB , according to the installation information displayed during installation , to leave room for the Star Office installation . But , it took 525 MB of disk space , when the reduced installation copmpleted , so I ca n't install Star Office , without scrapping the system , and re-partioning the hard-drive again . Also , no explanation is given as to why the df figures displayed do n't add up , and why they disagree with the fdisk figures , for free space and usage . The figures mentioned , apart from the 625MB partion , do not include the 35MB swap partition . This is all quite unfortunate , as the QUE Special Edition books have thus far had a good reputation , which this book appears to degrade . It is unfortunate that no-one appeared to really read the book , or check its validity or relevance , before unleashing it on an unsuspecting public . Perhaps Que should hire some proof-readers , and technical advisers , to go through books such as this , before unleashing them on the public . Thus , the future books -LRB- and reprints , if any -RRB- , could be more accurate and reliable .
 DO N't do it , this book is so confusing , it has a lot of information , but the probelm is that you undersatdn nothing for me it ! some of the authors of the book know nothing about teaching Linux , they might be good on linux , but , ha , this jum around from one point to another , man , I had to call one of my friends to help me installing the program , Please , Please , do n't wast your money , buy something else . I liked the Que books , but after this one , I will never buy any of their books even if it was for free , no I change my mind , even if they pay me money to read it , I would not :
 Mommy , those three guys named Jack , Tackett and Burnett scared me . Help tuck me in and forget this horror!Guys , Gals , Buy this NOT ! If you are unfortunate enough to posess this gem of literary genious in your library , recycle it . Infact , the publishers should have THEIR pulp extracted , treated with whiteners and printed with incomprehensible half-truths . Lets see how they 'd feel . . The poor trees that died to make this horror possible . . We 're doomed . . Doomed I tell you . . :-RRB- - Concerned Citizen < g >
 I bought this and `` The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Linux '' to try and get Linux up and running , but after 3 months , I still have n't been able to get online , my sound does n't work , and my CD & floppy drives wo n't mount . Avoid this book . You 're better off getting Red Hat Unleashed , since there 's a wider support base for all the Red Hat users out there .
 What a waste of money . It had less installation help than the manual that came with the Caldera 2.2 full package . The CD does n't work , all it does is lock up my system.Should of taken the advice of others and went with Red Hat !!
 Nothing different about recipes . I was looking for something that had some other options or ways to use my pressure cooker
 This book covers the way pressure cookers work , but he does not cover the electric pressure cookers which have been around long enough to have been included in his book . I did not feel the recipes were simple enough to be included in a Dummies book . Several were quite difficult to prepare . In the end , it seemed to be more of a cookbook with lots of recipes rather than a how-to-do-it book .
 I was so totally disappointed with the recipes included in the book . I have to admit that I tried only 3 but each did not go over with me or the rest of my family . I decided to quit while I was ahead . Other information included in the book is excellent but do not get this book for the recipes alone !
 The book did n't answer a lot of basic questions for me , having never used a pressure cooker . It 's O.K. as a supplement to other pressure cooker cookbooks , but I was hoping it would provide more step by step instructions.Very disappointing .
 THE BOOK WAS VERY WELL WRITTEN , IT TAUGHT ME A GREAT DEAL ON WHAT TO EXPECT FROM MY PRESSURE COOKER . I LOVE COOKING WITH IT . I CAN GO HOME AND IN 30 MINUTES I HAVE AN INDIAN CURRY . MY ONLY REGRET IS THAT I CA N'T SEE ANY PICTURES !
 It 's an ok book I thought the shipping charges were way too high , for such a small item . I do n't think any one would need this book , even for a first time user as myself . The intructions included in my cooker that I ordered were enough . I would not recommend it at all.Pressure Cookers for Dummies
 Though some of the material is useful , I found these tapes to be long and boring . The authors read the text like a funeral procession . I would much rather recommend any of Anthony Robbins work - which always has some NLP , presented in a passionate , immediately useful way .
 it is very good , but does nt wor
 i needed some comments on the linux ip code , the title was right and there was a five stars review by a reader , had no time to wait and so i ordered it by e-commerce . Already accustomed to comments a la R.Stevens was very hopeful What a mistake ! more than 450 pages of linux kernel listings , not only , the listed kernel was 2.0 -LRB- at this time the firsts 2.4 are out -RRB- !!!! The commentary , all at the end of the listing not very insightful , will never buy another book in this series !
 I took a look at the Japanese version of this book . Like what the previous commentator has said , it 's just published source codes . I would recommend interested readers to read up these 2 books instead : Linux Device Drivers by O Reilly Linux Kernel Internals by Addison WesleyBoth are on kernel 2.0 , but things remain relatively similar for kernel 2.4.3 still exploring ...
 Although Willingham is a good story teller , it 's clear that he has n't been in the business of PROVIDING customer service since the 70 's . Back then the customer was always right and businesses had time to make the customer happy . Today customers are more demanding and unreasonable . Time truly is money and it 's getting harder and harder to go the exra mile when it means letting something else slide . Yet no one can afford to lose customers . The principles in the book are good
 suspicious how every negative comment on this guys products is immediately contradicted by a glowing 5 star rebutal .
 These tapes are way overrated . It was dissappointing to say the least . If it was n't for the fact that I took three years of spanish , I would have been completely lost . It would take years to get through these tapes
 As a long-time Spenser fan , I am sorry to report that BAD BUSINESS is itself `` bad business . '' It is a shoddy piece of work.The writing is so `` thin '' it seems as if Parker triple-spaced it . Almost any short story in any issue of ELLERY QUEEN 'S MYSTERY MAGAZINE will have more substance to it.Many of the chapters -LRB- so-called -RRB- are only 2 or 3 pages long . Another thing that irritated me is neither Parker nor the publisher cared enough to bother proofreading this book ! It is FULL of typos of all sorts . And did I mention yet that the `` characters '' are one-dimensional ? They are as fleshed out as a row of pencil dots ... . Would you believe that one of the main villains actually hisses ? Repeatedly ? Like a reptile ?! And bites both Hawk and Spenser ?! As for plot holes , they are abundant
 This is yet another book on the Chosin campaign . My gripe with the book deals with the portrayal of the army units on the east side of the reservoir , whom Hammel seems to have worked into the book in a slap-dash manner . I believe he hastily added these occasionl glimpses without much interest , as their portrayal is riddled with inaccuracies . For example , he falls into the same trap that Mr Martin Russ -LRB- ` Breakout ' -RRB- has in his research involving Captain Ed Stamford , the marine tac-air controller attached to the army . The supposedly jaundiced view Stamford has of the `` doggies ' '' ineptitude actually stems from an `` as-told-to '' article in which Stamford basically was interviewed by a marine writer for a dubious magazine article published in ` Catholic Digest ' and ` Blue Book ' magazines . Stamford was greatly annoyed by it and did n't want it used as a source , and he had n't cleared it for publication . He said he was incensed by its tone and rhetoric . Hammel lists this article in his bibliography . He obviously did n't interview Stamford ; that 's part of the reason for the negative portrayal , and partly why legions of casual readers on the subject think the US Army behaved in a less than honorable manner . This book came out years ago , probably before the more authoritative works on the subject were released . His book was interesting , though , for the list of Navy Cross recipients in the appendix . I would recommend the official USMC history by Montross and Canzona , which is actually a volume of its Korean war history , and ` Escaping the Trap ' by Roy Appleman .
 Hammell has quite a large number of inaccuracies , slanted opinions , and has failed to verify facts from his sources . The book has a very negative view of the same US Army , whose sacrifice on the east side of Chosin undoubtedly saved the allies chance for withdrawal from Hagaru-ri and also provided the rear guard action for the evacuating column . Appears to be written more for personal glory and profit , than a source of useful information .
 Chapter 5 contains a program using the tree view and list view . The program does not work correctly . There were no corrections or FAQ 's for this book online , and it took me two weeks to get the author to write back and agree with me that the program does not work correctly . He said he will re-design it for the next version . Sorry , but that is not good enough ! I ca n't wait until the next version to take the exam . To date , I have not received an answer from Coriolis - the publisher - as to why there are no corrections for this book online . Although the book is helpful , and covers the material I need to know , I will stick to O'Reilly and Microsoft Press in the future . They are better about providing corrections to programs that were found after printing . I am actually quite surprised the book was even published with this mistake . Just opening the program and using it for a couple of minutes would have shown that it just does n't work .
 On page xix , it says `` Solution Files Contain possible solutions to all the problems you are asked to create or modify in the chapters and cases . '' PROBLEM
 The book , Lord Soth , I found to be poorly written and failed to explain and give good reason for Lord Soth 's spiral downward into the depths of evil . The way the book was written failed to show the emotions of Soth as he committed his crimes . The author seemed to just skim over the important parts , such as the deaths of Lady Korinne , Isolde , and his two children . Even though any DragonLance novice knows the tale of Soth , this book failed in showing Soth 's honour and true evil . Also the summary on the back of the book concerning Soth 's quest given to him by Paladine is quite misleading since it lasts a whole chapter at the end of the book . The novel also did n't fully explain what evil magic transformed Soth and his loyal knights into Death Knights . Overall I found the book very uninspired and was disappointed by it . Weis and/or Hickman should have written the book as opposed to some novice .
 The problem with people writting books as additions to a series is most clearly defined in this book . Taking a great character like Lord Soth and then making a book with absolutely no plot , and lets not forget about how rediculousely boring it all was , was quite a feet for Edo . With his `` stellar '' record in the Dragonlance series , what with that book about Tanis ' father having `` consentual '' intercourse with his mother , he definetely did n't need a `` blockbuster '' like this to establish his name . But seriously , find a new damn series to write for . I ca n't believe I wasted my time , not to mention my money reading this `` book . ''
 I Love dragonlance books ... yep , read every single one . This was one of the hard to find ones . When I finally got it I ripped it open with the highest of hopes ... I mean here 's the death knight ! YES !!! I read and then was truly disappointed . This book was pooorly written , it did not leave me wanting more like all of the others . DO NOT get this if you at all value good writing . In one part the author builds up to a big love scene between an elven maiden and Lord Soth . . and all it says is `` he took her in his arms and he loved her '' . I mean , come on !!!
 I have read nearly all the forgetton realms books and can honestly says this was one of the worst . The author took a character of epic proportions and failed to give a proper accounting of his story . The ending is weak , unimaginative and and fails to answer many questions .
 This book was good for awhile , but the author got away from the actual truth of what happened to Lord Soth . It was good though . I have also written a review for The Day of the Tempest , but the email adress is different . So if you would like to ask me questions about either you scould use the email adress on this review .
 excellent photos.a fascinating period , the pre-surrealist era . not much has beenpublished about de chirico 's brother , alberto savinio , musician , poet , and painter , who contributed more to de chirico 's development than commonly known.unfortunately this book is marred by poor organization and writing . after developing interesting thoughts , baldacci then admits that there is not evidence to support his suppositions ... `` probably '' , `` if '' , `` doubtless '' , `` we can even imagine '' , and so on . i 've read better papers by undergraduates . better writers would summarize where baldacci chooses to drag in long , diffuse quotations.baldacci is fascinated by unknowns about de chirico . much about the past may remain unknown , a fact of life .
 An awful atrocity of the literary genre . It was like the personal notebooks of various authors compiled into an uneven mess . Too many articles , too many footnotes & references to page numbers of other books , too little of pictures . Too many irrelevant points of view . I did not enjoy it . It 's only a few hundred pages and is entirely black & white , and it was way to high-priced . Like $ 24.00 . If you 're looking for any meaning or pictures of the wonderful & elaborate hair dos of Asia , you will find no information in this horrible book .
 Perhaps my expectations were too high , but I have to agree with other unflatering reviews . This book does not provide any of the detailed information required to build a PC . The four example systems built are redundant for the most part . There 's virtually no troubleshooting information and no discussion of tradeoffs between the competing systems -LRB- price , performance , relaibility , etc. -RRB- . The information that is provided is sometimes better explained in the associated product information.Again , I guess I was expecting more detail from this book , but I still do n't think it 's even appropriate for the beginner.Bottom line ... save your money and buy some some better parts for your PC system .
 Save your money ! This book was a real disappointment . It illustrates , poorly , how to install the components . Most or all of the parts you will buy for your computer will do a better job of illustrating and explaining this . The photo illustrations are poor and the explanations even worse . If you 're building your first computer , you will find yourself searching for alternative sources for help.It has no troubleshooting guide , so after its all said and done , and all of your parts are installed , if something does n't work , you 're left wondering what to do or who to call . He also does not explain what to expect after you finish building and hook up your monitor and power the machine up for the first time . If you have a blank monitor screen , you 're left wondering what to do . No explanation here . The book jumps ahead to how to load an operating system , assuming all went well.I had to search for other sources and actually relied more on the various manufacturers ' installation guides that come with their parts , than I did on this book.I feel as though I threw away my money on this book . Big thumbs down !! Rachel -LRB- This review refers to the second editon , published August , 2000 . -RRB-
 It 's a good book but is a few years old so the material is dated . I would n't recommend it .
 I recently purchased this book thinking I would save myself a few hundred bucks by putting together my own computer , but this is definately not a book designed for beginners . There are some pictures , but the person 's fingers are in the way of some of them , and some of them are really dark , making it hard to tell what they 're doing or what you 're looking at . And they do n't go into that much detail on the different parts you 're buying -LRB- I guess in a 222 page book , what can I expect ? -RRB- . Needless to say , I think this book is a complete waste of money and will be looking for a different one .
 Mr. Rosenthal ; does n't tell reader about the extra procedures , computer items , & extra knowledge needed . I had to have technical help constantly . Told more about pentium . Did n't tell of others & their differences . No mentioin of certain other items needed , such as rear fans , etc. . How cables were hooked together & you received extra cable . The I \ O sheild had to be removed & inserted back 5 times . Line up of knock-outs with cards before this procedure of -LRB- using hand , better -RRB- takeing apart & get these items out . Save These . Other items & procedures along with no complete basics - hurts the first time PC builder .
 This book was easy to understand very thorough and made for the layman . I give it a definite thumbs up .
 I bought this book to solve the seemingly impossible , how to survive the hard spots and find secret escapes or avoid things altogther . The book is good , but it has none of that in it . Instead it tells you what you already know , run here , jump there . There are no cheat codes , or insight into how to make the bad guys go away . The book just offers what I had already figured out , doing the things required is another matter entirely . If you have the reflexes of a lab rat on huge quantities of caffeine you can do as the game requires , and the book reiterates . Otherwise it wo n't shed any light on more than some hidden levels , but those could 've been found eventually without the book . Nice book , well laid out , but not very useful ultimately .
 This book started out interesting , with her getting pregnant and having to hide the birth of her child , but it went downhill from there . The writing was so boring , or the writing style , or the subject , or all of the above , that I ended up not even caring about what happened to the character and had to force myself to finish the book to see what all the fuss was about . I did n't get a good feel for the character or for the lives of the other people in this book . It was so dull , all I remember is her having a lot of children and how her husband was n't the nicest of people . Otherwise , I found my self reading the Wikipedia entry for Matilda , that was more interesting than this book was ! I do n't think I will try to read another book by this author again .
 Always on the lookout for different writers , I was excited about reading this book . Unfortunately , the story line did not fulfill the promise of being about Matilda . Instead it was more of the same about William , and not as well written as I had hoped .
 A lot of books , for all they teach , are actually over-stated articles . But since books are more profitable , writers and publishers prefer them . So you wade through all those pages of a book , only to realize you 've learned as much as could have been covered in a less time-consuming booklet . This is such a work . The author does offer a sensible program for getting in shape , but he cloaks it in a lame story . Is it worth the money ? If it motivates you to get and keep in shape , yes . You may like it . I got awfully bored .
 I do n't often take time to review a book , and I was raised on not saying anything at all if I could n't say something good . I 'll admit I have n't tried the workout routine in this book . I could n't even make myself read it . The contrived story got in the way . This could have been a very short book . I 'm returning my copy .
 This was one of the books recommended by critics of the book YOU ON A DIET . In comparison to YOU ON A DIET this book is poor indeed.The book is a story about a man who survives an aircraft crash and is helped by a local fellow who is in need of several life changes . The person in the aircraft -LRB- Joe X -RRB- proceeds to help his savior through several life changes including how to lose weight . The process can be applied to numerous areas of life it seems , but the weight loss aspect is stressed.What to do ? Set up exercise routines that ca n't fail by establishing a routine of tiny but constant increases in the routine . You are ALWAYS making progress so you keep it up . Same for other problems encountered in life , business and marriage . Set up a program of making small but constant improvements and the net result is success . Because you see the progress every day and every week you do not give up.Ok , but where are the facts about the problems with being fat in the first place ? Where is the analysis of the psychological problems people face or personality problems that impact weight ? Not everyone is the same and people face different problems at different times in their lives . One solution does n't fit all people . The weight problem is viewed in a dreadfully simplistic paradigm . The book just does n't address the multifaceted issue of weight in our individual lives or in our culture . In essence the book still relies on will power to see the person through ; it just makes the will power easier to hold onto because the individual sees consistent progress.Of course Joe X is successful in every area of life and loved by all around him . Why not ? He is such a perfect person . Someone to emulate and extol in every aspect of life . Follow his benign example of perfection to glory . What about guys like me ? Nothing to extol , a far cry from perfection and a fellow who struggles with things like getting up and putting on my socks correctly -LRB- not inside out -RRB- . What about people with lives that are being crushed by society , their work , their lack of support from family and perhaps few or no friends ? People do exist who are intimidated by a society that screams `` thin or else '' , and the `` or else '' is rejection and outright discrimination by every joke teller and movie maker between here and Bollywood.I think people need more than a `` feel good '' book about someone who changes everything by their very presence . People need facts not theories about small progressions making their lives perfect over a period of time . Please do n't misunderstand this review . Perhaps this approach will work for some , but I think most people will benefit far more from a more comprehensive look at dieting and weight loss -LRB- and gain -RRB- by people who are qualified MDs who know the science and the research behind weight loss or gain and can explain those things in everyday terms.Get YOU ON A DIET and arm yourself with medical facts about weight gain and investigate the psychological and physical facts about weight in our culture.AD2
 Memoirs of a beat survivorThis sub title sums up the whole hypocrisy of the white , middle class , hippy baby boomer generation . Guthries memoir takes us from a not so humble start in a good military school for Americas most privileged children to a failed suicide attempt in later life . Guthrie did not survive anything he voluntarily dropped out of society after he took from it all the trimmings that most of the silent majority aspire to achieve.The same majority that he wants to buy his book to sustain his over extended hippy lifestyleThere is nothing exciting to be read here , it is not an extra-ordinary life like most biographies . But rather a series of tedious juvenile anecdotes typical of any American adolescent . The draft dodging chapter is mundane at best , but Guthrie tries to have us believe that he out smarted the system.This book typifies all that was wrong with the beat generation . Guthrie done nothing in some great locations . He associates himself with the heavyweights of that time but actually does nothing to help them with either their cause or philosophy.Guthrie like the rest of his generation basically just took what he could and put nothing back in return . This literary offering is another extension of that philosophy and serves only to demonstrate that the author , like the rest of his ilk is still on the take.Not a good book did n't enjoy it at all
 I really wanted to like this book mainly because there has been nothing like it for Delphi . The algorithms hare handled competently enough and the breadth is all one could ask for in an introductory book . The code however is pretty bad . It shows that Mr Stephens converted it from Visual Basic and that he does n't have enough Delphi knowledge -LRB- eg using / instead of div , integers are NOT 2 bytes -RRB- . It is n't Ready-To-Run by any stretch of the imagination . There are some annoying lapses in the text as well -LRB- a nice chapter on hash tables but nothing about hash functions ? -RRB- . As far as I can tell no tech editing was done and it shows . Nice try .
 Having read excellent John Wiley books in the past , I had great expectations from Ready-to-Run Delphi 3.0 Algorithms . Unfortunately , this book is far from being a good book . First of all , the author , Rod Stephens , is not a Delphi programmer . He merely ported , or more precisely attempted to port , one of his previous Visual Basic books to Delphi . Several Delphi code listings contain code that is ... Visual Basic code!Furthermore , the title is totally inappropriate
 Published in December 2000 , this book can not be current . MSN 7 was replaced by MSN 8 recently -LRB- I write this in Feb 2003 -RRB- . We need a replacement !
 On a recent walk , through field and wood , here is Southern Missouri , I was able to identify only six of the 34 flowers I encountered . Either the plant simply was not in the book , or the picture quality was of poor detail . Actually , I can not completely fault the author for this , but rather the Missouri Conservation Commission , who has been doing things sort of half way for years now . Pity . In the introduction of the book , which should be read carefully before purchase , someone has stated , if reference to the large number of flowering plants in Missouri , that `` Even this figure should not scare the amateur because many groups -LRB- genera , have so many species that only an expert could possibly take an interest in identifying them ... `` Now that is academic arrogance at it 's best ! Perhaps it would be better to retitle this books as `` A Very Fragmented Overview of Missouri Wildflowers . ''
 With the exception of 2 or 3 chapters this book is a complete waste of money - too much useless information in a complete messy manner .
 Although Katzenbach has become one of my favorite authors , you can tell that The Traveler is only his second book.While the story is interesting , his dialogue is weak and he does n't move the story along at a fast enough pace . He 's come a long way since The Traveler . If you like really good thrillers , try these books by Katzenbach -- Hart 's War -LRB- his latest -RRB- , The Shadow Man and Just Cause .
 If you want to know why Bill Gates is a rich geek and the authors of this book are only geeks , go ahead and buy it and try it . The installation instructions are incomplete and confusing . I ended up OVERWRITING AN ENTIRE HARD DRIVE , losing all the information ! To subtitle this mess `` Configuration and Installation '' this is nothing short of false advertising . Shame on you guys ! I do n't know why the Linux and Unix people are unable to explain things clearly . I suspect that 's they do n't write code much better than they write English , and that 's why so much software does n't work too well . Of course , being lost-in-a-Jolt-Cola-buzz geeks , the author DO recommend that YOU GO OUT AND ASSEMBLE A SYSTEM JUST FOR LINUX ! OK for the technoids , but not for the mere mortal . Some other reviewers give this book a 9 , so decide for yourself if you want to risk your money . For the .5 % , this may be a good book - for the rest of us 99.5 % type `` Linux '' in the amazon.com search form and try another book .
 If you 're looking for a guide to Linux and a distribution that will work on an older computer with very little hard drive space , and only need to play around with it and not do anything terribly useful , then this may be the book for you . Otherwise , I suggest you look elsewhere.While this may have been a helpful book at one time , this distribution is now very out of date . As the book focuses on the Slackware distribution included , it may or may not pertain to newer Slackware distributions or other distributions . The book includes the Slackware 3.3 distribution on a single CD.I purchased this book as it was recommeneded as one of the few ways to get Linux on an old 486 laptop . I had no previous experience with Linux , but with this book and some helpful websites I was able to install it to the laptop . The laptop only had a floppy drive , requiring a floppy installation -LRB- about 2.5 hours -RRB- . While I did learn much about Linux in this process , I did n't really make the computer much more useful than when it had Windows 3.1 installed -LRB- for my limited needs -RRB- . I 'm giving two stars because it did assist me in installing Linux.Summary
 This was the first Linux gook I bought . And although I learned some lessons from it , I would n't recommend it to the absolute beginner.This book does n't communicate with the reader well . I had to look back and forth for answers to my questions and only now -LRB- 8 months later + 2 other linux books bought -RRB- begin to realize what I am doing.Slackware is designed for people that are somewhat familiar with Linux/Unix , which most people are not . Knowing that , they should have been very careful in explaining things to users , which they were not.In fairness , most Linux books emphasize what to do after Linux is installed , but the hardest part about Linux is getting past the beginning -LRB- install , kernel config , X , installing devices -RRB- . Most books mention the beginning aspects so far apart that it easily confuses and discourages new users.This book may be okay if you have a companion book on it -LRB- Linux for Dummies or TY Linux in 24 Hours -RRB- , but do n't expect overnight success with ! ! linux using this book by itself .
 The software provided with the book is where the good things I have to say stop . Applications and the LINUX distribution were arranged exceptionally . The book itself seems to be an example of a quick new edition to make a quick buc k , while sacrificing editing . Many commands referenced in the procedures were incorrect . Even though the CD included distribution 3.3 the text referenced previous versions . My favorite overused phrase was `` most users '' . Everytime he said this I cringed . Vague references were made to alternative procedure s based on setup , configuration and hardware then details were provided for the `` most common method '' . I do n't know how Mr. Volkerding determined who `` most users '' were , but not one time could I be included in that group . Some details of the book -LRB- XFree 86 configuration and system administration -RRB- we re sharp , but I have to give it an enthusiastic thumbs down . I was able to get LINUX up and running , but in most cases it was in spite of the advice offered in the book .
 Sparkly books in general have never interested our daughter more than any other format , and this in no exception . What 's special about this book is the long , hard-to-pronounce adjectives for the items to count . Couple that with illustrations that are often too stylized to recognize , and you 've got a book that confuses toddlers and bores young children .
 This book was helpful with facts that were completely unknown to the reader ... HOWEVER ... It was written decades ago and the onset of the computer and internet seriously outdates the book .
 This is probably the worst technical book I have ever read . The author simply covers the commands of the software without any insight . There is a total lack of fluidity between the sections -- each one seems to have been written by a different individual who does n't care what was said before or will be covered later . Lots of boring repetition without purpose and very dry humor . If you still would like to buy one , BUY MINE .
 This book is not worth the gas I used driving to the bookstore . I am an avid poetry reader and I was excited when I picked up the book . Clearly , as a lot of people have mentioned before Daniel Alderson collected well-written poetry and put his name on the cover . His comments add no insight into the poem and if anything are just stringy and sloppy . There was little `` talking back '' to poems and rather `` reading poems '' and using my minimalist knowledge on poetry to predict what the author was thinking . Over and over again he is redundant and makes repetitive comments about the poems , that , in all actuality , have no basis . I understand that Daniel Alderson in a high school teacher and that is what he should remain doing instead of wasting his time ranting on and on about poetry . I am embarrassed to have a copy on my bookshelf so I left it in my `` Free Books '' pile at a garage sale . Hopefully , that 's where it stays . Save yourself the trouble and pick up a copy of a insightful poetry book and not this book of nonsense .
 Mr. Alderson should get his facts straight . In chapter five -LRB- `` Meaning '' -RRB- he erroneously refers to Carlos Drummond de Andrade as a woman ; he proceeds to analyze Elizabeth Bishop 's translation of a Drummond de Andrade poem based on this false assumption . A few paragraphs later he refers to the poem as Bishop 's own . I have zero confidence in a book that makes such colossal mistakes .
 I bought this book because my name happens to be the exact same as the author 's . I thought it would be novel to show to my friends and family , especially my father , whose name is also the same as the author 's . Little did I know that the author was devoid of any original thought . As I perused the book , it became evident that the author had amassed a bunch of well-written poems and slapped his name on it . I thought my review quite harsh until my father said the same thing . The author is a disgrace to Daniel Aldersons everywhere .
 I 'm afraid this book 's best attribute was that it put me to sleep quickly every night . My husband and I have reread Patrick Moon 's first book Virgile 's Vineyard at least 3 times each and so I was hoping for more humour than this one provided - actually , I do n't think I chuckled once . It is very interesting to learn all about the workings of a restaurant , about Perrier and Roquefort cheese but this felt more like a reference book than a biography . Perhaps it 's because I am comparing it to the first book . I would have liked more talk about the people and their inter-relationships .
 I have been a big fan of the `` Best Places '' series for years , and have enjoyed awesome trips in San Diego and the Pacific N.W. thanks to these guidebooks . But I was disappointed in the `` Northern California '' edition . I know , it 's a guide to `` best '' places and as such will probably lean heavily toward the pricier establishments . And Northern California tends to be a pricey place . But while most of the other `` Best Places '' books include a wide range of places , from great ethnic hole-in-the-wall eateries to five-star dining experiences , this particular volume just piles on the five-star recommendations . You 'll be hard pressed to find , for example , a basic breakfast hangout , a good sandwich joint , and ESPECIALLY a lodging -LSB- for a reasonable price -RSB- . If all I want to do is patronize the trendiest and priciest , what do I need a guidebook for ? Anyone can find the chic places ; a guidebook should help a visitor nose out the less-discovered treasures . Also , the oh-so-trendy , oh-so-chic , been-there-done-that-seen-it-all-eaten-it-all tone of the writing gets a little wearing after awhile . Buy some of the other Best Places guides , but look elsewhere if you want something more comprehensive for Northern California .
 Many of the things detailed in this book - particularly with regards to the registry are incorrect ! I suggest finding a better book as I have personally grown frustrated with this book myself and am looking for something better . It is simply wrong and out of date .
 I 've had the book for almost a year . It has been pretty well useless . On some topics , it pitches at the beginner level ; on others it 's advanced -LRB- but never in adequate detail -RRB- . It feels ` cobbled together ' . A very poor substitute for a real technical reference . It reads like a collection of introductory chapters to other books ! Far better stuff elsewhere . Here 's one sorry shopper . Do n't join me on this one please .
 Once again this book fails to deliver when I need it . Having trouble with Windows loading drivers on boot-up , I look up device drivers in the index and find a description of what some `` loadfailed '' messages mean . -LRB- Example
 The author clearly knows his Windows 98 ; he just ca n't explain it clearly . This is from page 105
 i purchased this updated version of sql server secrets because of my experience with the previous version , sql server 6.5 secrets . that version was accurate , informative , and thorough . the same can not be said for sql server 7.0 secrets . in particular , i noticed that there were several references to both tables and procedures in the replication chapters that no longer exist or are no longer applicable . it looks as though those sections were just cut and pasted over on top of sections from the previous version without being reviewed prior to going to press . i would go so far as to say the errors are so blatant that it is obvious the authors either never proofread the book or never actually performed the procedures themselves at all . i ended up contacting microsoft for the accurate replication troubleshooting techniques that i expected to find in this book . save your money .
 From the very beginning this book has accuracy problems , on the cover it says `` 900 plus pages packed with ... '' well the book is only 714 pages long . Looking up anything in the index is futile , because the page numbers do not match up at all , if you 're lucky it will only be a few pages off .
 Please save your money . This is the most poorly edited book I have ever seen in print . It is rife with typos , mispellings , and other mistakes . For example , on every single page of an entire chapter , the chapter heading reads , `` U.N. SANCITONS . '' Pages are littered with all sorts of mistakes that an editor -LRB- or Scharf himself -RRB- should have caught on even the most preliminary skimming . As my title indicates , I would sue my editor if I were Scharf . Additionally , while Scharf provides interesting problems and scenarios for discussion at the beginning of each chapter , the ensuing materials are usually badly outdated , oftentimes from questionable sources -LRB- for instance , the Christian Science Monitor -RRB- , or so haphazardly strung together that it is difficult to get a coherent picture of the topic under discussion.Surely there has to be a better text on the United Nations .
 This book was written at the second half of the 80 's when autofocus was pretty new in the market , but it contains some useful advices , mainly if you are a very beginner.Unfortunately I had discovered all books from Kodak have almost exactly the same contents - just some changes in the text , some different pictures , and , oh yes - a different title!If you read any book from Kodak , or have some experience in Photography , forget this book .
 This book may be fine if you are using film , but it came out in 1991 . Things have changed since then , especially technology . Nothing referencing digital . If digital is your thing , find another book .
 The use of terminology in this book is so inconsistent , it is all over the map ! Example , in chapter 3 , `` server '' sometimes refers to a daemon , sometimes to a machine , sometimes both usages in the same sentence . Similar crimes are committed with the words `` remote '' and `` local '' , and several others . I 'm no neophyte at client/server networking , but I could n't make head or tail of some whole paragraphs.Contradictory information is presented . In one section we are told that only the server machine needs a daemon , yet elsewhere -LRB- e.g. Fig 1.2 -RRB- we see a daemon on both client and server.The writing is highly repetitive . Example
 Because English is n't my mother language , it 's not easy for me to come up with forty synonimes for bad , but they would all be deserved.The author clearly does n't know the difference between server and client , or between parent and child process for that matter . I know this is hard to believe , but the author clearly does n't have a clue what a socket is -LRB- the server listens for sockets , the client sends sockets < sic > -RRB- .10 pages of . / configure output just to get the pages filled are a waste of paper , but at least do n't contain to many errors.The name McGraw-Hill on the cover does n't seem to guarantee any quality any longer.I 'm sorry I saw the first review too late .
 This is rotten book . Anyone who can figure out how to install by following instructions in the INSTALL file , has nothing to learn from this book.I would love to see a book that deals with ssh on the same level API level that Apache and BIND have been dealt with , or even an advanced configuration guide . This book does not even make a nod in the direction of either of those goals .
 I bought the book after meeting Ms. Carasik at the RSA conference last March . It is useful as a high level overview , but one can not trust the details . In some places , the author appears to simply make stuff up . For example , on p118 , the SSH_AUTH_SOCK variable is correctly defined but is also claimed to be related to the SOCKS network proxy . On p243 , it is suggested that the reader use `` something like Perl or a shell script '' to generate the random number needed for setting up X authentication . I had to search the Web to find a one-line perl expression to do this , and then I had to refer to volume 8 of my O'Reilly X set to figure out how X authentication really works . Very disappointing!If I were in the market for a Secure Shell book today , I 'd wait for the new one coming from O'Reilly . Use this one only as a last resort and only if you mostly know what you 're doing .
 I am still learning the duties of system adminstration for my Linux box and I have had a need for secure shell for some time . Despite a concern that arose from earlier reviews , I did purchase the book , `` Unix Secure Shell '' . While on one hand the book is not nearly as bad as described in an earlier review , I must agree that it is a poor example of technical writing . I found the book confusing and irritating . The author has a tendency to make awkward statements that leave me guessing . Topics and figures are presented out of context.I am hoping to use secure shell to help backup my system . Unfortunately the book covers this topic in only about two pages . While somewhat informative , do not rely on this book as a primary reference .
 It 's true , there are a lot of technical errors in this book . The writing style is overly simplified and repetitive . The paper is cheap . The figures are often imprecise . There is no advanced information . It is in no way an impressive tech book.However , for all that , it is a coherent book on the capabilities and function of the ssh utilities . For me , that gives it some value . I like to read books and ssh is big enough to need one , although it could be a bit shorter than this book .
 Unfortunately , a mediocre book on an important topic.The presentation is confusing . The book 's separation of ssh1 and ssh2 , although logical , is poorly executed . The text is cut-and-paste in many places . Keeping `` local hosts '' and `` remote hosts '' clear in your mind while reading is a chore.Hopefully the upcoming O'Reilly text will do a better job .
 A mediocre book for an important topic.I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing it . Ssh is somewhat confusing itself but this title did little to alleviate the confusion . The repetition of SSH1 server , client then SSH2 server , client is a cut-and-paste exercise who 's ultimate value appears to be padding the book.I hope the O'Reilly offering is better ...
 I am still learning the duties of system adminstration for my Linux box and I have had a need for secure shell for some time . Despite a concern that arose from earlier reviews , I did purchase the book , `` Unix Secure Shell '' . While on one hand the book is not nearly as bad as described in an earlier review , I must agree that it is a poor example of technical writing . I found the book confusing and irritating . The author has a tendency to make awkward statements that leave me guessing . Topics and figures are presented out of context.I am hoping to use secure shell to help backup my system . Unfortunately the book covers this topic in only about two pages . While somewhat informative , do not rely on this book as a primary reference .
 this book starts out promising but the technical info has bad problems . the description of password authentication -LRB- p. 106 -RRB- says your login password protects your rsa key , which is flat wrong . some sample commands are plain wrong , like running scp without a destination -LRB- p. 104 -RRB- or scp2 with a command on the end which is n't legal -LRB- p. 160 last line -RRB- . ssh-keygen is ignored for th first 200 pages , authorized_keys options are not covered period -LRB- like `` command = '' -RRB- . some writing is just confused , like `` server keys are what the secure shell daemon uses to recognize that the secure shell server daemon is running '' . -LRB- p. 195 -RRB- i found dozens of more examples . not recommended .
 Confusing , inconsistent use of terminology throughout . Apparent contradictions from one page to the next . Irrelevant pieces of information inserted as `` keep in mind '' items . Do yourself a favor and buy a different book on the subject .
 This book is very poorly written . The ideas do not segue naturally , one into the next , and the treatment is shallow .
 i had this for 2 years . it is so hard to read this stupid thing . This would n't help me to actually implement ssh on my pc .
 I am unable to like Amy Fusselman . It would seem I 'm a minority as ` Pharmacist 's Mate ' is a best seller , however , I am prepared to take the risk . From the beginning the book is lacking in emotional maturity . Instead the reader is drawn into an inconclusive angst that suggests the beginnings of a severe psychological disorder on the part of the author.We all have father 's . Eventually they die . There is a tendencey to golorify the dead in our bereavement to levels of greatness the breaved one could never have achieved in life . Am I to feel empathy for a man who had a penchant for guns -LRB- a fixation that is never really explained -RRB- and who dies in relative peace , granted anonmity , surrounded by his loved ones ? He leaves behind of course a daughter , who 's sole purpose it seems is to procreate his and her own , insignificant myth.It is a little banal . The language unchallenging . I wish I could say more . I ca n't .
 At least it was only 86 pages long . I think most people will like this because they can associate with it . However , having lost a father and being able to know what the author is going through does not a good book make . This is boring and while there are some interesting insights she tries to be too clever , for example the numbering switch in the middle . This book defines smug , she thinks she is better read than the reader and wants to show it off . But it is an arrogant smugness , an undeserved confidence .
 This book is not without its strengths . The selections from the author 's father 's journal are interesting . And I do not discount the personal experiences described , either the father 's death , or the author 's fertility treatments . The problem is that , as written , there is only enough real material for a long magazine article . The rest consists largely of references to what the author is eating , wearing , or listening to on the radio . It is difficult to imagine what , if anything , has been excised . In one excruciatingly cloying passage , the author repeatedly refers to herself in the third person as ` the possibly pregnant person . ' I am an enthusiastic reader of McSweeney 's , and wanted to like this , but could not . That said , Ms. Fusselman has a good grasp of language , and may have a better book ahead of her .
 After reading a review in a Columbus Paper , I decided to go read the book , only to find that the review had been more entertaining than the book . The book reads like Dave Eggers on Mountain Dew , who sounds like David Foster Wallace writing about personal things in a postmodern fashion , which robs those said things of any nobility , and crowns them with a commercial vitality.The commercialization of the death of loved ones , and Other Forms of Personal Misery made Public , seem to be staples at McSweeneys Press . I have learned this , and now , for enjoyment I shall run into brick walls instead of buying into the hype .
 This is a disappointing book . It represents a very bigoted view of the world of distributed objects . The authors are CORBA zealots , and spend more time sniping at COM than conveying insight into the problems faced by programmers in the real world who have to make real systems talk to each other . Only near the end of the book does it even consider the possibility that you might want to call COM server objects from a CORBA client . But , OMG 's CORBA interworking specs are very well written and handle the material much better . Download the CORBA/IIOP 2.2 Specification at the OMG web site .
 The book is ok , but it does n't leave you with enough information to sit down and write code with a COM/CORBA bridge . The other poster that said this book is biased to IONA 's COMet product is incorrect though - I do n't think COMet is even mentioned in the text , which is a shame , since COMet is the most popular COM/CORBA bridge around .
 I bought the book and read it twice and found it was not what I expected . I easily get lost in the chapters and example . But it did give some useful and helpful data
 The title of this book should be ; `` How to use IONA 's COMet . '' This book is very vendor specific . From experience , IONA 's COM-CORBA bridge is very slow due to all of it 's dynamic implementation . This book tells very little about how the different IDL 's map to each other .
 I am planning on moving to Eastern Mass to live closer to my son . I wanted to look up his address and to trace out routes so that I would be able to get to malls and all w/o going on highways . This book is useless as the towns are alphabetized instead of being linkewd together as normal maps books are.In addition , my son 's whole neighborhood is covered over by indices so I can not see asnything that I wanted . Whose idea was THAT ???? Who possibility thought of this as in any way useful . I am so disappointed.Does anyone know where I can buy a map of the Boston area the first one I ordered was actually from Boston , England ... . another waste -RRB- .
 Multilevel Secure Transaction Processing : The second paragraph on page 1 begins with the statement `` The primary purpose of a security mechanism is to control access to data . '' This is a typical view of security from the perspective of technologists , but it is an unsophisticated understanding of security in today 's wired world of e-commerce . The defense-oriented experience of the authors is clear in this introduction . The third paragraph includes the most obtuse introduction to Mandatory Access Control that I 've ever read . The distinction between DAC and MAC is a crucial concept towards understanding the limitations of DAC , which is what virtually all commercial products support , but unfortunately , this explanation would be incomprehensible to anyone who does n't already understand the difference.The subsequent section `` Why DAC is not enough '' is somewhat better , but it still misses one of the fundamental problems with DAC-that of authorized users explicitly making data available to people who are n't authorized to have it . While MAC can indeed prevent the Trojan horse attacks described in this book from succeeding , it is misleading to give the impression that Trojan horses are the only way to defeat DAC.The section on MLS architectures is short , but useful in understanding multi-tier e-commerce architectures . Beyond that , the book becomes too technical for me , which is what I expected . Given that the authors have such a narrow vision of the field of security-that of the military and intelligence agencies with unlimited budges and insanely sensitive data-it is n't surprising that they lack a useful perspective from a business point of view.The era of Multi-Level Secure systems is pretty much over , having been so complex that even the intelligence agencies avoided them like the plague . No commercial Unix vendors are currently selling an MLS platform , and if the database vendors mentioned in this book are still selling such products , they certainly are being quiet about it . MLS databases are basically a giant intellectual puzzle , and for those who are interested in this type of intellectual puzzle , there is some value here seeing obscure ways in which a complex system can inadvertently leak data , and clever work arounds to plug these theoretical holes . In the early 90s , a great deal of research was being conducted in this area both in North America and Europe . Today , there is virtually no work being done on this area -LRB- outside of the author 's university -RRB- , and it is n't the trendy place for PHd candidates in Computer Science to make their reputation.This book is of some value to those who are deep into the functioning of highly-secure software -LRB- although I could suggest some other areas of research that would be of greater use to humanity -RRB- . It is of no benefit to the casual reader , or even the CISSP candidate . If you are just looking to learn about the concept of multi-level security , which is an important concept for the security professional to understand , a more cogent explanation can be found in the still-useful text `` Computer Security Basics '' by Deborah Russell , and G. T. Gangemi.This book is at least 9 years too late .
 This book was useful in the aspect that it covered the material in the core test . I found a couple of errors in the review questions which I found distressing . Check more than once source if you are doubting the book .
 This book from the ones I have had the fortune to look at , is the worst . With this book you will get more confusion in terms and concepts that in any other book . ... , some of the answers to the practice tests are wrong , the `` excercises '' were you have to label the elements in the powerpoint window are the most confusing item , you do n't know if the author wants you to label a `` slide '' a `` text box '' in other words , you have to `` guess '' what is he trying to test you on.The overall material does not conver what is asked in the actual test , does not cover elements like editing , correction and manipulating a slide -LRB- i.e. manipulation of footers , headers , graphics -RRB- it does not include explanation on notes , managing files , altering visual effects and graphics , etc. . . If you have some experience in Powerpoint this book becomes very frustanting because of the many errors in concepts and layout.Other aspect of this book that is really bothersome is the excercises , it tells you to do something like '' Position the graphic of an inch on the lower part of the slide '' I 'm thinking , a MOUS test will never ask you such questions , furthermore , the main objective of the MOUS exam is to test your ability to manage tasks and problems within the program not to place some picture with milimetric presicion.When I was studiyng for the test I was tempted to write a correction book on this text ... . Before deciding for a text to assist you in your certification , take 2 minutes and review the concepts in that text , review the exercises and verify that they are `` applicable '' excercises other wise you will wasting more than your time . Good Luck.RAPowerPoint MOUS Certified -LRB- 921/1000 -RRB-
 InfoSec Career Hacking -LRB- ICH -RRB- is a confused , directionless book . It 's a collection of contributions by various authors , three of which were previously published . The main text never states the goal of the text , so I turned to the description on the back cover
 Overall an easy book to read and actually quite enjoyable . However , the material lack focus . At times you think some of the authors must have missed a memo or two , and writing for a different book . This could be the fault of the publisher or editor . Take some of the pictures in Chapter 6 for example , I could barely tell that they were computers , let alone their brand or models . These blurry pictures are next to worthless in the book . The publisher could do better in the QA department.Speaking of Chapter 6 - `` Creating an Attach Lab '' . I had such high hope for this chapter . Unfortunately , all I got was a history lesson of hardware platforms , and all the different Sun SPARC chips and versions of operating systems . Its nice to have all these hardware to play with , some dating back 10-20 years ago - but it is unrealistic and I am not sure of the real value of it.Ch .7 - Vulnerability Disclosure is probably the worst ch . of the book . It misses the target audience completely . The discussion of the different types of `` model '' is compeletly out of place . You can find better resources on the Net.Links at the end of chapters are quite valuable though , hence the 2 stars .
 I was really looking forward to this book . A book that discusses the aspects of each of the congregations in the US or world is a great reference tool in understanding what others believe . Is this book the one to choose for that purpose ? First , I will discuss its contents , pros and cons before giving my final opinion.Rhodes ' book begins with a very short history of the church -LRB- 4 pages -RRB- . He then defines ` denomination , ' ` protestant ' and gives a description of how to use the book.The books covers the following churches : AdventistsBaptistsBrethrenCatholicChristianCongregationalEpiscopalian and AnglicanFriends -LRB- Quaker -RRB- Fundamentalist and BibleHolinessLutheranMennoniteMethodistOrthodoxPentecostalPresbyterianReformedWith each congregation , Rhodes begins with a date of origin for the church , census of members and number of congregations . He then describes their beliefs and gives a chart of fast facts for the church . There are several added `` fast fact '' charts that detail theologies such as Calvinist and Arminian . Each congregation gets 11/2 to 21/2 pages -LRB- except the Roman Catholic Church where 10 pages are written . -RRB- Some congregations have a robust history leading into discussion of the divisions within , such as the Orthodox church.Pros : -- A large swath of churches is covered . -- A good index aids in finding churches . For instance , I wanted to find out what the Nazarene church was like , and the index pointed me to the Holiness section , which I was not aware they were part of . -- There is an index of persons that helps in determining which authors are from which church . -- Rhodes speaks from an unbiased viewpoint . One could not tell he is conservative dispensational Protestant from this writing.Cons : -- Rhodes left out a couple of churches I have wanted to learn about in my town , namely Unitarian . Granted , many do not consider the Unitarian church to be strictly Christian , but it is a prominent congregation that would be helpful to have in the book . -- The book is VERY vague about church beliefs . Many of the churches described deny the inerrancy of Scripture , but that can not be determined by the wording used , as the writing makes little distinction between those that call the Scriptures inerrant and those that do not . One must read between the lines or have some knowledge of the church to discern Rhodes ' writing . Views of Scripture is only one of the vagueries , but is the most prominent . -- The book does NOT discuss the issues that set the churches apart . Worship is spoken about , again , in vague terms . Is Christ present in the Eucharist of the Lutheran churches ? One can not tell from this book . -LRB- Some Lutheran churches do teach this and some do n't . -RRB- Which churches put high focus on speaking in tongues ? One can not tell from this book.My greatest critique is vagueness . Granted , Rhodes could not have been very specific without relying on some theological bias . But , more specifics could be told . From this book , it is very hard to tell why there are divisions . What divides the American Baptists from the Southern Baptists ? Episcopalian from Anglican ? Greek Orthodox from Orthodox Church in America ? Volumes could be written , but little of it could be found out in this writing.Is this book the one to choose for the purpose of understanding other congregations ? I have to give a resounding no . The breadth of this book is a blessing and a curse . He does n't leave many out , but the book would have to be much longer to give any insight into the differences between the congregations discussed .
 Being a retired Congregational -LRB- UCC -RRB- minister the first thing I took a look at , in a Christian bookstore , was Rhodes ' account of the people later to be known as the Pilgrims who traveled to these shore on the Mayflower . I was very surprised to read that they were led here by their pastor , John Robinson . In fact , John Robinson stayed behind in Leiden , Holland and died there in 1625 . His wife who succeeded him once made plans to travel to America but for reasons unknown canceled them . As the assembly which had met at the `` green gate '' dwindled , she later joined the Dutch Church.John Robinson is rememberd for having said , `` God hath yet more truth to bring forth from His holy word . `` Unfortunately , Rhodes does n't seem as scholarly as others who have written about denominations , such as Mead , Hill and Atwood in the Handbook of Denominations , which is what I reccommend .
 Ron Rhodes does not seem to possess the scholarship and background knowledge needed to produce an accurate guide to the Christian denominations in North America . His accounts of Roman Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy are especially poor . A frankly embarrassing level of ignorance leads Rhodes to make numerous historical , theological , and terminological errors of fact . One despairs of an author of a `` complete guide '' who can write concerning the First Vatican Council -LRB- 1869/70 -RRB- : `` More than 800 Roman Catholic priests -LRB- sic -RRB- from around the world attended . '' Forty years ago a Jesuit priest , the late Father John Hardon , S.J. , published `` The Protestant Churches of America '' , a work of such impartial , objective , and deep scholarship that it was set as a textbook in many Protestant seminaries . So the task is not impossible !
 As a student of Church History and Denominations , and as an author and teacher on the same subject , I honestly have to say the `` Complete Guide to Christian Denominatins ... '' is NOT anywhere near being a complete `` guide '' . In review of this book , and three others on the same topic -LRB- which includes my own yet to be published book -RRB- - Rhodes book has the least amount of information -LRB- only 105 denominations , compared to 179 in the National Council of Churches book , 193 in The Handbook of Denominations -LRB- Frank Mead/Samuel Hill -RRB- and 227 on my book -LRB- Guide to Denominations - Robert Stearns -RRB- . Further - many of the denominations are mis-identified as to the family they belong to , and the Churches of God -LRB- Reformation Theology group of churches -RRB- totally omitted . Very limited in statistics . The interesting feature , however , was the lay out and the quick reference `` bullets '' . Robert H Stearns , Reviewer
 Rhodes describes a huge variety of American denominations . In each case he gives a tiny bit of history , something about beliefs - usually taken from official statements , statistics , and contact information.The book is very useful for those who want to sort out and keep straight the various conservative `` splinter '' groups which have recently been established . It is less useful in describing the larger , older , `` mainline '' denominations which these protest denominations regard as `` liberal . '' Despite other reviews to the contrary , I thought the author 's conservative bias was pretty evident . He can not be expected in a very brief description to go into nuances of history , but he makes many factual errors which will be obvious to the well informed and misleading to a casual reader.Anyone interested in the subject will be better served by Mead , Hill , and Atwood 's Handbook of Denominations in the United States .
 I found this book to be a disappointment . I was taken aback by the author 's decision to summarily exclude some groups because he felt they were insufficiently Christian for inclusion and by his decision to interlace his descriptions of the various denominations he covers with his opinion of the `` right answers '' in terms of their doctrinal positions.I would recommend the purchase of the most recent edition of Mead 's Handbook of Denominations in the United States over this book . It is broader in scope and relates the views of the various groups without the partisan commentary .
 The chapters on Roman Catholic Church and eastern churches are full of errors that reflect the usual protestant poorly informed view on catholicism and orthodoxy . If one wants to reassure himself in his anti-catholic prejudices he should better read anti-catholic pamphlets by Loraine Boettner
 I find this book written by Ron Rhodes to be filled with many different Christian Denominations and just too much information which is kind of boring . However , it lacks the part where I can see clearly in comparison -LRB- have to flip in and out to compare all the different denominations -RRB- . I lost interest reading it after the first two pages which already summarize most part of this book just that in the later pages it just breaks down what he meant . Basically , I do n't really recommend to get this book it is n't worth reading .
 Ok , it 's fairly well written and investigates some different thought processes . However , it misrepresents Covenant theology . I myself am dispensational , but the poor explanation and blatant skew of Covenant beliefs -LRB- and differing eschatological views -RRB- was really disappointing.Good if you want a book to understand Dispensationalism and the following eschatology , but if you 're actually looking for &#34; A Comprehensive Approach , &#34; look elsewhere .
 While this book did have some good information and was very accessible for those unread on this subject , it was LOADED with strawman arguments , and questions for his opposing side that presuppose his own view . Ie . Location 1022 , `` Can the Covenant Be Transferred to Someone Else for Fulfillment ? `` If I were to be looking to learn about end times prophecy , I would surely look for another source than Benware . Like many other 's who wrap their entire ministry around a system of secondary theology , he misses the point all together by not pointing the reader to Jesus but to dispensationalism .
 This book is going back to Amazon . It will cost me half as much to ship it back as I paid for it , but I would like to make a point.False advertising
 After reading an excerpt from `` The Killing Zone '' I really wanted to like this book . In actuality , it was the first book I had read by Mr. Downs . I could not believe that as the book was published in the 90 's he is still referring to Asians as Orientals ; there were also a number of passages that were potically insensitive . I expected a more savvy account of his experiences and was thoroughly disappointed .
 For a long time , I have been considering the viability of immortality , albeit a subject that is still treated as either lunacy or taboo . I was happy to find that the tide is changing and that people are considering the subject more seriously . I eagerly purchased this book in hope of gaining enlightenment from those who have studied this important subject in more depth than me . I was disappointed , however , on many levels by most of the essays in this collection , which seem to all be authored by people on the fringe of science and philosophy -LRB- or even those who have barely any credentials at all -RRB- . I would love to give a very thorough review of this collection - go into each essay in detail - but that is beyond the limits of my time availability . All I can do is summarize some of the main problems I found in these essays.Foremost , when the book considers immortality , it really only considers how to slow down or possibly eliminate aging . I was hoping for more comprehensive consideration of the subject . What is death , philosophically and scientifically or chemically ? The subject is never treated in this manner . Another negative aspect of many of the essays is the overly sanguine outlook of the future . Each author relays that immortality is merely 20 - 50 years away . This is based on nothing more than unfounded optimism . Moreover , some of the views of solutions to aging come off as ridiculous even to those who foresee scientific miracles in the near future . The coup de grce was the `` nanorobots in our underwear in the near future '' proposition . -LRB- Biological scrubbing bubbles !!! Really ? -RRB- The authors seems to have no idea of where science research stands today with any of these advancements and what it would take to approve any of their usage . And even though the focus of the book is on aging , the role of telemeres and the advancements in this most promising realm is never covered in much depth.One of the most egregious problems is the flawed logic . For example , when considering the population problem that immortality -LRB- or very prolonged aging -RRB- would pose , one author dismisses the problem since the propagation term in the equation is exponential whereas the lifespan term grows much slower . Yes , however , the point is missed that we are talking about aging in good health when people can spawn children for perhaps hundreds of years . Yeah , I think that might be relevant in the formula . -LRB- HOW WAS THIS MISSED ? -RRB- There are several other similar examples of specious logic.The true source of my disappointment is in the fact that this book sets the subject matter back quite a bit . If this represents the present best thoughts on the subject , it is no wonder that the subject of immortality is still thought of as seriously as alchemy or perpetual motion . I strongly believe that one day -LRB- likely in hundreds of years -RRB- mankind will indeed overcome mortality , but based on this book , we are nowhere near prepared for that reality to pervade the thought of the masses . I give the book 2 stars since there are some good points smattered among the topics -LRB- e.g. if aging is solved , who will take any action that might lead to accidental death ? -RRB- .
 I just bought this book and subsequently refunded it . It is NOT the almost 200 page book advertised , and the reviews claiming that it includes translations and re-translations is incorrect . This book is only the few page short story about the jumping frog which Twain originally wrote .
 This is a little silly story about a man who has a rather humorous betting habit and focuses on the account of some bets he placed with a highly talented jumping-frog that he owned.The story is not half bad and I understand that it became quite popular and was one of the first writings to bring Twain into the limelight . Even so , I do not feel that story - short as it is - stands the test of time as do other writings of Mark Twain . Do n't be fooled though , the story is a nice quick and light read , especially if you want to divert your attention from the lull of boredom or any other times of inactivity .
 This story is well over 50 years old and in the public domain so why is Amazon charging for the Kindle version of this ? It should be free . And it is free - a quick Google search will reveal full text versions that you can read online for free .
 I was a little let down with this book . Ca n't put my finger on it but usually I buy a new cookbook and mark about 30 different recipes I ca n't wait to try and there really was n't anything here that moved me . Also , for the price and a large , color hardbound book you would expect pictures of everything and they are few and far between . I do n't think its worth the money .
 I 'm a big fan of Cooking Light magazine and their cookbooks . However , I was disappointed when I bought this one . There are some really good recipes in this book but there are more that i 'll never make . When I think of superfast suppers I think of good food that my family will enjoy eating . Most of the recipes in this book just do n't fit that description . I would recommend any of their annual recipe books and especially The Complete Cooking Light Cookbook , I 've made many dishes from that one and my family has loved all of them !
 This ranks among my least favorite novelizations of the Star Wars films , but it was not the worst in the Star Wars series . `` The Courtship of Princess Leia '' holds that distinction , in my opinion.Mr . Stover 's writing style seemed uninspired and the story plodded along from one event to the next without much excitement . Reading the novel made me want to see the movie again.I grew tired of reading the silly made-up names -LRB- duracrete , transparisteel , etc. -RRB- that , admittedly , other authors have used also . We get the idea that it 's concrete and glass.The worst parts of this book were the headings `` this is how it feels to be Anakin/Mace/Obi-Wan . '' I think that Stover could 've explained that better without such jarring billboards that reminds us that we are reading a book written by someone trying to convey how the character feels.Also , the chapter breaks that described the light vs. dark was bizarre and not descriptive . It was like listening to a new-age guru babble on about their ideas of religion or philosophy.Two stars for this effort , and it will be the only SW novel that I wo n't buy . I borrowed the copy that I read from the library , thankfully .
 The author spends the entire first half of the book on the battle over Coruscant and the rescue of Palpatine . This leaves little room for Anakin 's fall to the dark side or other important elements such as the Battle of Kashyyk , the death of the Jedi or even the construction of Darth Vader 's life support suite which he spent an entire 2 paragraphs on ! The second half of the book seemed rushed and I was largely dissapointed.You can also clearly ascertain that Mr. Stover is a martial artist by his unending need to describe , in detail , the fighting styles of each of the jedi.It could have been so much better !
 It 's difficult to rate a novelization of a movie , given the fact that it relies so heavily on the screenplay it 's based on . Items like the annoying dialog of young Anakin in Episode 1 or the clunky romantic dialog between Anakin and Padme in Episode 2 could n't be helped . So I 'll start out by saying that the storyline itself seems solid . The downfall of the Jedi and Republic , coupled with the rise of the Sith and Empire is definitely a satisfying experience to read . So why the low rating?One of the main themes of the three prequels has been that of subtle schemes , hidden agendas , and plots within plots . So it 's annoying that the author describes character motivation and feeling with a sledgehammer . Chapters and sections start out with blunt statements like
 I wanted to see the movie before reading this book , and so I did . It was right up there with `` Empire Strikes Back '' . After that , I thought I might fill in some holes by reading this book . Well ... I 'm not so sure it did that very well , as a matter of fact , it kind of messed with it a little , and changed some of the Star Wars facts -LRB- Amidala states in episode II , `` I was not Naboo 's youngest Queen '' , yet this book claims she was -RRB- . This book does do one thing extremely well . It demonstrates why you should never use a particular writing tactic I was told never to use . If you do employ such methods , you wind up with this crap.I was told , `` Never say ` Obi Wan and Anikin were the best of friends , closer than brothers , blah blah blah for two pages , to the point where you 're expecting a love scene between the two of them ' . Instead , you should show this through the story , NOT come right out and tell the reader what they should get about their relationship -LRB- or how a character is feeling -RRB- '' . This sounded like good advice when I heard it fifteen years ago , but this book showed me exactly how awful it comes across when done . And this book does it through about a third of the book.For every scene , they 'll start some action or dialoge , then , to make sure we get the idea of what the scene wants to portray , the author goes into a two page `` aside '' telling the reader exactly what the point is , then finish up with the action or dialoge.For example -LRB- small spoiler -RRB- , Anikin needs to land a space cruiser that is not designed to land , and is falling apart to boot . As this scene starts to unfold , we are told , '' -LSB- This act will define the impossible for thousands of years -RSB- '' '' -LSB- Anikin is the best pilot ever -RSB- '' '' -LSB- You 've got to be really really really really good to even think of this -RSB- '' '' -LSB- Even the best pilots would never never never never ever even conceive of doing this . -RSB- '' '' -LSB- Holly crap readers , can you believe he 's doing this ?!? -RSB- '' '' -LSB- Oh my goodness readers , you should really be amazed at this ! -RSB- '' Then he lands the ship.Yes , I 'm paraphrasing a little ;-RRB- , but I 'm not exagerating at all . Truly , I 've learned my lesson better than ever ... `` Show , do n't tell '' . This is a book I would have put down twenty pages in , but I really wanted to see if any more details were thrown in . A little on the timeline , but I really should not have wasted my time .
 I have been reading Star Wars novels on and off for about 20 years and really enjoy them Reecently we bought a series of Karen Travis 's and saw thsi novel below . Sounded good but it is such a hard read and choppy and well just annoying to try and read.I have attempted a few times as I like the subject matter but just put it down .
 I loved the movie . As Film Historian Father Gene Philips would say , `` Lucas got it right . '' The movie is filled with symbolism and philosophical content it takes multiple viewing to grasp it all . However , the novelization ruins it . If you do not understand what Lucas is doing , then read this . Stover spills all the beans , and does it in a bad way.A major flaw is the book 's style . Stover is not a good writer . I would be mad to see his book as a bestseller and William Faulkner 's short stories in the bargain bin . First of all , he is too wordy . He goes on forever to describe a scene . For example , when Anakin kills Dooku , he uses a page to describe , and ruin , Dooku 's betrayal . A good writer would use half , or less , than that . He has sentences like , `` this is how Anakin Skywalker feels right now , '' and would give half-a-page of unnecessary information . He also uses ridiculous methaphors like Anakin 's inner dragon.Another major flaw is Stover 's target audience
 4 aspect I will judge this story by , Story , Worldbuilding , Characterization and Emotional response.Story
 this is the worst movie tie-in book of all the star wars movies.by far . not only is stover a pitifully poor writer , but he even keeps injecting his bad ideas from other books -LRB- shatterpoint -RRB- into the movie tie-in book . hey stover shatterpoint was a disappointing novel that went nowhere , your mace seeing shatterpoints idea is stupid and did n't need to be grandfathered into this one . real star wars fans think you are cr # $ , and your ideas stupid . do n't write anymore star wars books please.the star wars eu franchise is in trouble . why ? because of things like i 've listed above . stover rewrites star wars to fit his dumb ideas , and the problem is EVERY writer is doing it . the inconsistencies are staggering out there.AOTC novel - padme was not the youngest queen of naboo.ROTS novel - padme was the youngest queen of naboo.because there are so many different authors writing star wars books there is no much-needed consistency . nothing is more frustrating then reading books 1,7,9,14 by author p where hero x is super-powerful , then reading books 5,6,37 by authors s , t , f where hero x is hardly capable of tying his/her own shoes.at least in the old star wars universe the writers all wrote about the same people , now each author has to introduce their new characters in -LRB- which trust me none of us buy into or care about -RRB- . corran horn ? jacen ? blah blah blah blah we do n't care .
 I 'm not sure how this book got so many 5 star ratings . It was dreadful , and I 'm a big Star Wars fan . The writing style was bad , but I could get passed that . Sadly , that was not the worst part.Characters . I can barely recognize the movie characters , as they 're written so differently than the way they were portrayed in the movie.Dialog . Okay , one of the things I like best about the book versions of a movie is the added dialog . It compliments the existing dialog from film . This book rewrites the movie dialog . Seriously , there 's barely a phrase from the movie that was the same as the book . It felt like a totally different story.The story . As above , things happen in the book that I know happened in a very different way in the book . For instance , the Jedi starfighters entering the landing bay of Grievous ' ship , or the way Anakin cuts off Dooku 's hands . In the book , he cuts one off , then cuts the other off . In the movie , both at the same time.This is not an attempt to be nit-picky . Simply put , if you 're doing a book about a movie , try to make it actually like the movie .
 This is by far the worst adaption of all the star wars movies . What was Lucas thinking ? I could not stand his `` Roadrunner vs. Wile E. Coyote '' style of describing characters as they appeared in the novel . Just like the RR vs. WEC cartoons , the book opens in the middle of the action , then stops while he explains the back grounds of the characters involved in each scene as they appear , then restarts the action , then stops as new characters appear . Just horrible , IMHO . Perhaps people like his style , I do n't know , I know that I do n't . And the stuff about the dragon eating away at Anakin , it got very old , even though I let the dragon thing pass -LRB- hey , they 're in a completely different galaxy and time , what are the odds on them coming up with dragons , too ? -RRB- . What really got to me , though , and just shows how sloppy this author is , was when he described Padme as the `` youngest queen ever ... '' . In both the movie itself and the novelization of EP II , Padme insisted that she WAS N'T the `` youngest '' . What also drove me nuts was this author 's incessent talk about fighting styles . I mean , does it really matter to nuance the point ? There was the same old Jedi fighting style in the movie , so you 'd never tell that there were any differences between the styles , so why nuance over such a petty thing , then read the back cover and the author is supposedly a master of `` several marshall arts '' , so now I know why he nuances it , its to show off that he can do several fighting styles , big freakin ' whooooop ! My final point is that the author 's nuancing and stopping the action and actually dragging out the fight scene with Obi-Wan , Anakin and Dooku so long -LRB- do n't get me wrong , it should be more in depth and longer than the movie scene , but he went ridiculous -RRB- that it took 1/3 of the book to go from the opening scenes to the final landing of the ship on Coruscant with Palpatine , Anakin and Obi safe . That only took 30 minutes on the screen ! After this , the rest of the book did keep moving at a decent pace , except for his typical stop to provide background info.Avoid the book , IMHO , just see the movie , even though the fight scene at the beginning is much shorter than the one in the novelization , the fight scene in the movie is MUCH more believeable , IMHO . He just nuanced the whole fight scene into an unbelieveability . The final fight between Obi and Annie , however , was far better written , since he let it flow and did not try to nuance it death .
 Books are supposed to have more than the movie.well thats not the case here.The writer never mentions chewbacca or anything about the wookie battle on their homeworld.Anyone who has seen the movie has seen this in the movie.If the book is supposed to be about the movie do n't leave parts out from the movie.he also writes to much about the space battle at the start of the movie and doesnt go into enough detail on other things.They could n't hire a better writer than this guy?Is it that hard to write about everything in the movie?Most movie books write about everything in the movie and then some.LUCAS SHOULD HAVE HIRED ALAN DEAN FOSTER THE ORIGINAL WRITER OF STAR WARS EPISODE IV.ALAN WROTE about the whole movie and a lot more not included in the movie.Thats why people liked brian daley or alan dean foster star wars books.they included more than the movie.but this writer falls way short .
 This is the first movie adaptation novel I 've ever read that is so much worse than the film itself . Who the heck is this guy ? He 's terrible . Terry Brooks and RA Salvatore both did a good job making enjoyable novels out of boring , poorly acted movies -LRB- episodes 1 and 2 -RRB- , yet you screw up the only watchable movie of the last three?AVOID
 This book is about Anakin takin that final slide to the dark side , but it seems so straight forward for a Star Wars book . The authors style is the worst that I have personally ever seen , and I really did n't enjoy the book that I read in five hours , I would 've rather read a Jedi Quest book . Mr. Stover used stupid little phrases like ` This is what its like to be Anaking Skywalker ' to start entire chapters that centered on only the characters feelings , doing nothing to move the story along . His approach to everything was much too straight forward and the action was descrived horribly
 Star Wars Revenge of the Sith book has it 's good and bad points . First off the good points
 INTRODUCTIONAs an AVID Star Wars fan since 1977 , and as a voracious reader , I looked forward to this book with great anticipation . I preordered it on Amazon weeks ago . When it arrived , I sat down and dug in ... Matthew Stover , the author , is truly accomplished with nearly a dozen books under his belt , including TWO previous Star Wars works . In spite of his experience as an author and dedication to the Star Wars saga , Star Wars
 The thing that hooked me on the Star Wars saga was the incredibly constant bickering and arguing that happens in episodes IV and V
 This is probably the worst book I 've read all year . Wan na read the word `` butt '' 4 times in one paragraph ? Then this is for you.Yup , when Obi-Wan wakes up after the Dooku fight he 's really interested in Anakin 's butt.Wanna get tired of the phrase '' _____ coloured arc of brightness exploded from _____ 's hand '' over and over ? Then this 's for you.Apparently `` Obi-wan ignited his lightsaber '' just is n't flowery enough for Mr. Stover.Actually , in Mr. Stover 's universe , everything tries to be flowerly . The problem is that what tries to be intelligent indepth discussion and description of events becomes tiring , meandering pages of pointless drivel.Did you hate Hayden 's protrayl of Anakin ? Well , it 's not just the acting , that 's how this horrible character was written and envisioned by the grand master , Lucas himself . You 'd think the Jedi would be a bit more mindful of their chosen one ... If you 're in grade six and want a simple read , this is for you . If you enjoy reading , stay away . Instead of wasting an afternoon reading this book , see the movie.If you want some good Star Wars reading , check out anything by Kevin J. Anderson.If you want actual 5-star sci-fi reading , go check out Dune .
 I really enjoyed the movie . The book leaves something to be desired . Stover adds dialogue were it really is n't needed . He overindulges in drawn out conversations and innuendo and tries to explain why every little comment made by Anakin is the most important occurrence in the history of the galaxy . In many instances , especially with Obi-Wan Kenobi , he really takes away from the characters by adding to the dialogue and overdrawing on their feelings . It almost works with Anakins fall to the dark side but was really inappropriate in most of the book . There are also many unexplained references to other books -LRB- especially `` Shatterpoint '' -RRB- that do n't add to the story at all . Still , if you 're looking for a vacation book and can stomach the additions , it 's an ok read .
 I should say up front that I saw the movie first and that 's what made me want to read the book . I have not read any of Mr. Stovers other works , and now I doubt that I will . I read constantly so do n't let the fact that I saw the movie first lead you to believe that I would rather see a movie than read the book . I was on the waiting list from my local library and the movie ended up comming out before I got my copy . I ca n't really put my finger on what I did n't like , but it was so challenging to keep reading the authors prose . I think I only managed about 20 pages the first sitting and then forced myself to slug out another 30 to see if in fact it was as dreadfully written as I first thought . I know I am going against the grain with my 1 star review , but I could n't even force myself to keep reading it . I thought that maybe seeing the movie first was the problem so I let my wife have a go with it since she had n't seen the movie . I think she made it through about 60-80 pages before declaring it unreadable . You should take into account that I did n't finish the book , and I suppose that it could have turned around , but I think the real flaw was in the authors writing . I 'm so very glad I stuck it out on the libraries waiting list rather than spending my cash on the book as I was tempted to do . Maybe all the 5 star reviews are written by young readers who have n't really experienced quality writing yet .
 First , Stover tried , but he was stuck with Lucas 's storyline.Anakin Skywalker has been nuttier than a fruitcake since the second episode . He does n't change here either . So when he joins Palpatine there is no real surprise.He is drawn Passionless . In fact when he does the unthinkable -LRB- at least to Lucas -RRB- I did n't bat an eyelash.I wish I could say that Stover is a bad writer , but alas , a blaster was held to his head by his contract with George Lucas.George Lucas should NEVER have directed these prequels , and should have shared screen writing responsibles with a talent.I love the play -LRB- dialogue -RRB- between Leia and Hans in the Empire Strikes Back.Aside from my dissatisfaction , if you enjoy the Star Wars universe I recommend you get the book and check out the trailers .
 Leia is a super genius - she 's got memories of her mother , who died immediately after she was born . Vader did n't want power or anything like that , he did it all to make Padme immortal ? and then ends up killing her ?? Not nicely done .
 All considering , Matthew Woodring Stover did a good job of adapting a novel from a screen play that must simply stink . Once again , we see that Lucas is ignorant of the fan 's wishes and forgot to include something known as `` substance and plot '' . Many of the fans of the series expected to see an in-depth look of Wookies in this novel -- they will be sorely disappointed . Wookies do not appear in this novel at all . I can only guess that Wookies are written into the movie script as a visual and marketing ploy -- much like the Yoda Fight Scene from the last film . Lucas too often in this prequel series has relied more on CG visual effects than engaging plotlines.Although Stover was allowed some license to explore some of the previously rarely appearing character , the Anakin Skywalker plotline is stuck substance less and predictable . While in the original series , I could see that Darth Vader was immersed in the Power of the Darkside . The political ramblings between characters and the weak love story only gives excuses as to why Anakin turns to the Dark Side . I would have rather seen how the power of the Darkside engages and seduces Anakin like an addictive substance -- somewhat like the Ring of Power in the Lord of the Rings.Sci-fi should be written just as any good novel
 It is the worst book I 've read in a long time.First , I hate the writing style . It is just irritating ! I guess the author gets paid based on the number of pages of his book , so there is a incentive to put minimum amount of words in each line.Second , I hate the story . It is just so illogic . The Jedi doctrines are irrational and fundamentally flawed . It requires its believers to give without even thinking about getting anything back in return . Based on any laws of Mother Nature I can think of , I ca n't imagine anyone can sustain such kind of selfless act indefinitely , expect maybe white holes ?! Third , Yoda and his Jedis are a bunch of mindless , ungraceful , self absorbed idiots . The entire Jedi order owns Skywalker everything , but none of them did anything to help him in anyway . They did not free his mother from slavery , which become the root cause of Anakin 's fall . They did not help him when he becomes desperate about the fate of his wife . The only advice Yoda , supposedly the great teacher , can provide to his Chosen One is something like `` get over with what ever in your mind '' , no wonder Anakin turns to Palpatine , who at least pays attention to him and his concerns.Over all , this book is a great letdown and I wish I can get my money back , not only for the price of the book , but my time wasted reading it .
 This movie is too dark and violent for kids . The story is about how Anakin Skywalker becomes Darth Vader . The main character spends most of the movie either brooding or killing people , including children . Killing kids ? Give me a break . Ca n't Hollywood think of anything positive for our kids to watch ? My children are big fans of all the Star Wars movies but I wo n't let them watch this one again . The story line is also slow . My 6 year old fell asleep 1/3 of the way through , and I did n't bother to wake him up .
 Star Wars , Episode III - Revenge of the Sith as a movie was bad . but at least it on ; ly wasted 2.5 hours of my time.this book is soooo silly and sooooo long.Pity the reader .
 This book was very good and explained ` worship ' verywell so that all could understand exactly what worship is and how man is to react.I thoroughly enjoyed it completely and will use it asa resource . bjhTried to rate this book but it would not takeI loved it immensely .
 This should not have '' -LRB- Nero Wolfe -RRB- '' in the listing title as it is not a Nero Wolfe book . The author won an award .
 If compared to 3 other Remote Access books , this one is a total failure ! For my exam preparation I used all 4 books
 I bought this book since I read comment from Mark J. Newcomb.Jump straight to Frame Relay topic and hope to gain some interesting information . But the explaining is very poor and diagrams just make me confuse.It 's easier for me to follow the same topic on '' CCIE Lab Study Guide '' written by Stephen Hutnik and Michael Satterlee . Consider when you decide to buy this book .
 I ordered this book as I was trying to avoid taking the class . After taking the CCNP course and checking the book versus the course as well as the exam which I took , I realized that much of what is on the exam is not covered in the book or the detail you need to know , such as that of the 700 series router commands are not covered . There are two other Remote Access books which seem to match much closer . The Cisco Press book and the Sybex book . If you need a quick study guide the Coriolis Remote Access book seemed pretty good as well .
 This book was not very usefull as a study guide for the BCRAN exam even though I passed it on the first attempt with a great score . This book does give a decent overview of some of the technologies involved in the BCRAN yet the explaination of configurations and their examples are poorly represented .
 Not really what I had hoped for . The are quite a few errors in this book . Alot of the the examples in the case studies are incorrect . One example is the configuration of the frame-relay sub-interfaces . The case study shows the incorrect command to enter sub-interface configuration mode . This should be an obvious error for the editor -LRB- if they were technical enough to understand the information -RRB- . There are many other errors and mistakes throughout the book . Too many examples that you have to turn a page or two from where the text is to see what they are talking about . - Very confusing ! Not the best book on Cisco I have ever used .
 If you are trying to pass your Remote Access course without taking the actual course this is not the book for you . This book gives pieces of the puzzle but is very disorganized and not very detailed . It is also lacking in several of the objectives . I can attribute this to rushing to beat their competitors on the shelf which they did but at a cost to the buyers . I looked at several other books such as those from Cisco , Todd Lammle , and Catherine Paquet . Those to me seemed to cover the objectives much better and were layed out better than this book .
 Before you buy the Remote Access book from Tom Thomas read my comments on Tom Thomas 's BCSN book .
 Condition of the book was poor , not as advertised . Called Amazon , spoke with Reesie or something like that , who first could not find my account -LRB- 8min . to find it -RRB- , kept putting me on hold , could not find a supervisor for me to speak to and left me on hold for another 5 min , then ask to put me on hold again while she checked something and I said no , do n't do that so what did she do , she put me on hold again . I still have not received any satisfaction concerning the condition of this book . I would not order from them again ,
 Words are to small , had I known I would have purchased a hardback with bigger writing of words . Thats the only thing .
 I was disappointed to find that this version was small and hard to see . I thought I was getting the larger sized paperback . I 'll be returning this copy due to the fact that the images were so small that I could not see what they were doing in the pictures . Very disappointed . I wonder where I might find the version I was looking for ?
 After I rescued 2 beta fish from very poor conditions , I needed some really good information on their care . I did not find it in this book . It has a couple paragraphs about diseases , absolutely no charts or diagrams for biology or anything , and while the pictures were really beautiful , they had nothing to do with the topic on the same pages . There is a lot about how to have beta fights , and speaks of it in a very condoning tone ! This is quite cruel and inhumane . There is I grant you some decent very basic info that you could glean off the internet yourself in an hour or two .
 For anyone looking to find a detailed resource on the care of betta splendens , this book is not for you . A great deal of space in this book is devoted to the history of the fish , how they fight with other males -LRB- there are even explicit pictures of this process , which I was certainly not interested in seeing -RRB- , and how to breed them . The sections covering their care are woefully lacking - the page on diseases merely lists the ailments and then offers a recommendation for another book in which to find more information . The tone of this book also stunned me - it is apparent that the author thinks of these fish as a source of income rather than as pets . Mention is made of fish that are not `` exciting or saleable , '' and how sub-standard hatchlings should be culled or disposed of . I was quite offended by this - even the most dully-colored betta could find a happy home somewhere ! The only reason I 'm giving this book one star at all is because there are a lot of beautiful photos inside . It looks more like a picture book than anything else , actually . Very disappointing .
 The book did not offer any information in the way of betta care , which makes it a poor resource for the general fish owner . However , it is a valuable resource for people wishing to breed Bettas as it contains extensive information on this topic . Personally , I enjoyed reading the historical background surrounding Betta breeding and evolution . This is truly a remarkable species of fish , and the author brought this out nicely . In addition , the photographs were better than any I have seen and the text was well composed.However , like some other readers , I had a big problem with the information presented on Betta fighting . I know that the text is dated , written for a different era of betta owners -LRB- in the 1980s maybe ? -RRB- . Regardless , it was disturbing that such a practice would be discussed with such overt enthusiasm .
 I was so pleased to find a biography of Benny Hill . I became a fan in the 80 's when his show was televised by BBC . After 150 + pages , I can hardly bear to turn another . The author had no admiration for Mr. Hill ; I would go so far as to say Mr. Lewisohn holds him in total contempt . The author also spends far too much time pontificating about Variety , radio and other topics in such minutiae that it detracts from the subject and makes this book a ponderous read with little enjoyment at best - excruciating at worst.Criticism is one thing but the way this author writes of Benny Hill , his life and comedy , is just shameful . I 'm willing to bet he spared all of the Beatles his poison-pen treatment . What a disappointment .
 I purchased this item as a gift for someone very special to add to their collection and when it arrived the cover of the book was torn and there were red marks all over it -LRB- it is a white cover -RRB- . Very displeased with my purchase .
 The teach yourself series usually provides a few well-worked-out problems , but invariably leaves one dangling and confused . My copy had inaccuracies in the solutions section.This book is not an ideal way to learn calculus . To learn calculus solidly , see Robert and Carol Ash ` sThe Calculus Tutoring Book.To paraphrase Monty Python , `` This is not a book for reading . This is a book for laying down and avoiding . ''
 I am taking a college calculus course and this book is really not helping me .
 This book is AWFUL !! I was VERY disappointed . Didnt help me AT ALL !! I went and got my money back immediately .
 The record shows that I ordered this book on Dec. 5 . It shows the estimated deliver date is January 3 to January 23 . Why does it take so long?Thanks!Gordon
 Once again I fell victum to buying a Rick Darnel loser . However , this book goes a step farther by showing the arogance of the auithor . For an example
 Then this is the book for you . In its overly simplistic manner , it delivers the fundamentals of Internet authoring with Dreamweaver . But do n't expect anything more than that . When I first heard about this book , I expected at least some sort of section on advanced techniques or something to the like . But no ! This book is for < b > Total < / b > beginners , not experienced authors . Dreamweaver is a great tool with great possibilities . What 's more is that it is so easy to use . The book simply parrots a bunch of information that Dreamweaver has made clear in and of itself . If , however , you do n't know what an italicised word is , or have no idea what an image is , then you may consider buying this book . Frankly , I think you 'd be much better off by pulling info from the Macromedia site . It will tell you all that you want to know about web authoring with Dreamweaver , for only the price of your ISP . This book is for people who hate the Web , especially Macromedia 's site , and thus have a grudge against viewing it for information , yet are interested in Dreamweaver nonetheless -LRB- a contradiction in itself -RRB- .
 This book does not at all deliver what it advertises , on three counts
 There 's a chapter here on creating `` collapsable outlines '' with DreamWeaver ; but beyond that , there 's REALLY not much information UNIQUELY about DreamWeaver covered in this book.Too bad
 After purchasing this book through Amazon , I THEN read all these poor reviews , and all the favorable refernces to the upcoming `` DreamWeaver Bible . '' I have no further thoughts about `` Using DreamWeaver '' than what 's already here , so I 'll spare the author of any further pain .
 There just was n't very much information here on DREAMWEAVER -- even though it 's mentioned on , uh , the cover of the book . I 'm not saying DW is n't for beginners , but I kinda figure that the `` typical '' DW user dows n't need a tutorial on tables , frames , stylesheets , and general HTML syntax -LRB- which is what most of this book offers -RRB- . Furthermore , WHY does this book even exist when Macromedia has provided an EXCELLENT web-based help file ??
 Three cheers for Macromedia 's `` innovative '' logic of offering DreamWeaver users the online Help Menu built RIGHT into DW.It makes me wonder
 I read somewhere that DreamWeaver was released to compete against Microsoft 's FrontPage 97-98 . Apparently the author was not aware of this fact , or else he would have done his homework and explore the POWER of DreamWeaver.I am working on a GeoCities web page dedicated to some `` tricks '' not covered in this book -LRB- or anywhere else -RRB- . If anyone has any questions , requests , or comments , PLEASE email me . I 'm here to help .
 I 'm basically in agreement with the above critique of this book , in that EVERYTHING the authors teach can be found elsewhere -- and more clearly also , elsewhere.I 'm not exactly sure what I was expecting from the online supplements for this book , but what I found there was disappointing.I THOUGHT the benefit of the printed book in these days of online information was to supply technical information unavailable anywhere else . I STILL believe this , even though this book does not follow this critical rule.Were the authors unaware that DW 1.2 INCLUDES an online catolog of help files from Macromedia -LRB- to the author
 I enjoy books about people moving to the woods to get away from civilization . This book was boring to me and I did not finish it !
 This edition does not come close to the original edition from the fourties . the original ` Little Man 's Family ' consisted of three booklets , each for a different age level . This booklet is the Reader , the one for the upper age level -LRB- 3rd grade and up -RRB- . The original booklet has been copied in a sloppy manner to produce this cheap knock off , the lines are much too thick in comparison to the original and does not do justice to the artist . Also
 In reading the other reviews of this book , I found something very interesting
 As a person , and as a great American and patriot , there is no equal to Jimmy Stewart , and he is truly one of my heroes , and by virtue of him leaving Hollywood to fight during WWII embodies him greatly in the history of this nation . Having said that , I found the book on my hero boring , devoid of any substance for his incredible service , and lacking any in-depth research into this extraordinary person . The entire book talks more about other people than it does about Jimmy Stewart . I bought the book thinking I was going to learn more about this man during WWII than about his Hollywood career , but the entire book falls short of any reading pleasure . I was sorely disappointed , and I would encourage no one to buy it . Save your money for Jimmy Stewart 's biography . I 'm sure it 's much more impressive .
 This book is lousy with a Capital `` L '' . If you 're looking for a book about Jimmy Stewart 's wartime service , it 's not in this book . The work is shallow , superficial , with almost no detail about the missions flown . It includes one totally irrelevant chapter about Army maneuvers conducted in Lousiana - that Stewart had no part in at all ! There are no insights into Stewart 's personality - all we find out is that he conducted excellent pre-mission briefings , and that he was a skilled pilot - which most Jimmy Stewart fans know already.Almost a third of the book deals with other irrelevancies , like the Jimmy Stewart museum and how he married and raised a family - after the war.Don ' t waste your money .
 Dispite its title you wo n't learn much about Jimmy Stewart here , the accounts are either very generic , or very superficial -LRB- e.g. `` I met him and he seemed like a real nice guy , and he never mentioned Hollywood '' -RRB- . Nothing in here about how and why or what he was feeling . It 's a fact that he served with distinction , that he did n't have to , and that he sucessfully separated the two aspects of his life , maybe thats why this is such a difficult book to write , and to read .
 This book was a joy to read and strengthened my already positive feelings about Jimmy Stewart . He led a storybook life and , unlike the current generation of Hollywood performers , was a genuine individual who always `` did the right thing '' . This story could not have been more perfect had it been scripted by professional writers . This one is worth putting on the shelf after reading and then rereading over and over again .
 Smith 's book `` Jimmy Stewart Bomber pilot '' honors the war time service of one of the most famous movies stars in American History . At a time when many celebrities enlisted in the military but spent their time doing what could only be called PR work , Stewart fought to become a combat officer . Refusing to pull strings or use influence he strove to become a combat pilot in the US 8th Air Force in WW2 . Not an actor in uniform he ended his war time service with the rank of colonel with numerous decorations for courage and leadership and a total of 20 combat missions flown over Hitler 's Germany . I only wish they had found a better writer to tell his story.Smith himself was an air force officer at roughly the same time Stewart was so he does bring to the book the knowledge and experience of war time service and an intimate knowledge of how things really were . Parts of his writing flow easily and fans of Stewart 's acting feel they can hear his voice coming from the pages as it tells the tale of a man who passionately wanted to serve his country , whose life could be summed up in his own words `` what 's wrong with wanting to fight for your country ? Why are people reluctant to use the word patriotism ? `` Reading about Stewart 's exploits as a student , a trainer and finally a combat leader , I would find pages flying by but then the flight would crash to the ground . There are a few significant problems with the book that kept being some what jarring . Firstly Stewart himself did not write about his war experiences . Much of the book comes from his official war record , a knowledge by Smith about how the 8th Air Force operated and many , many interviews with people who knew Stewart in those days . The problem is that introducing these people comes across as severe padding to the book . It would be enough to say something like `` a fellow officer remembered him as hard working and intense but casual '' maybe if you want to credit the witness who helped you could give the name as ` a fellow officer ... '' but to go on about - name - now a retired skunk wrangler in Kalamazoo gets a little long . Even worse is a break off to give a several paragraph long mini-biography of other men . It 's one thing to say so and so was a particularly close friend , or even he 'd had to leave his new wife behind but two paragraphs about this guy and his own book gets a bit thick . Foot note the stuff and move on or tell their story instead of Stewarts ! A small chapter on Eisenhower 's desire to get into combat only serves as padding . There is no other word for it.A lot of the military is stuff from guys who were on the same mission as Stewart , but not in his plane so you can only guess that Stewart was going through the same experience , but it would be nice to KNOW . It is more US Bomber command that Jimmy Stewart 's war . Even worse on several missions Smith draws from other writers work , quoting them for pages , should we be reading those books instead?An even worse matter is that you early on catch Smith in some points that are just plain wrong . And when someone drops the ball on an easy fact , you find yourself second guessing a lot of things . For example he talks the fact that as a youth Stewart was fascinated with flight and Lindbergh 's transatlantic crossing , but failed to mention Stewart playing him years later . As early as page 16 smith writes that Stewart never did a world war two film . Which must come as a very great surprise to any fan of Stewart 's who 've enjoyed `` The Glenn Miller story . '' When telling about popular entertainments during the war he lists Noel Coward 's `` In Which We Serve '' as a documentary , it was n't . There are many such gaffs like these some are sins of omission , others well , but they all serve to distract the knowledgeable reader.More than the story of a movie star at war , Jimmy Stewart Bomber Pilot is the story of an earnest and slightly shy man from Pennsylvania who went to war and because of his intelligence and character and ability he was made a leader of men and how this was all done . On its own merits that would be tale worthy of a book . I just wish the man who told the tale was better at his job .
 I was given this book for Christmas -LRB- at my urging -RRB- . I immediately started reading , excited to learn more about a truly wonderful person and war hero . By the time I got to the half way point I wanted to stop reading , only continuing as I was hoping it would redeem itself ... It did not.To me , Mr. Stewart 's name was put on the cover simply to sell the book ; it is nothing but a clip collection of excerpts from other books , disjointed commentary and other assorted oddness . I believe no research was done for this book , the author simply put his own recollections to paper , -LRB- at the authors own admission , they were not close and only served in proximity to each other , not together -RRB- to prove this , I spent a mere day online researching his wartime record and had gathered much more interesting and relevant information than the book , and that is too bad , Mr. Stewart was truly a war hero , just like all of the other Joe 's in the Eighth , he never ducked his duty -LRB- as the other reviewer pointed out , he enlisted before PH -RRB- . I can not recommend this book to anyone , if you want to learn about the air war in Europe pick up any number of excellent books on the subject -LRB- I can recommend -RRB- , if you want to know more about Mr. Stewart , pick up his biography .
 I was really looking forward to reading this book . Maybe that 's why I was so disappointed with it . I truly liked the idea of the book -LRB- reincarnation and karma - two things I strongly believe in -RRB- , which is the only thing that prevented me from rating it with one star.The characters were not real , I did n't felt as though I knew very much about how they were feeling and that some things were ridiculously elaborate -LRB- Julian is from Italy - we get it ! I think that is mentioned at least 300 times . Yet his marriage gets one sentence when it happens and a paragraph later ?? Would that not be slightly more important thank knowing that he 's from Italy ? -RRB- Worst of all , I felt like there was hardly much of a love story -- which is what the entire book is supposed to be based on -LRB- or that was my interpretation , at least . -RRB- It did n't seem to me that Celia and Stephen loved each other all that much -LRB- come on , she `` forgot '' about him SEVERAL times - you do n't forget about the person you 're truly in love with ! -RRB- and Celia and Richard seemed to hate each other . They seemed to hardly know each other.Overall , very disappointing . If you want to read a real love story - go for Outlander by Diana Gabaldon instead .
 I ca n't decide if I liked this novel or not . Was somewhat interesting , once you got to the 16th century - all the 20th century characters , including the main characters were annoying.Was confused and distracted by all the secondary characters in the 16th century as well . Would not consider this a romance , beings Stephen/Richard is hardly in the novel - this is more Celia 's story in which Stephen is not around for most of the book - her interactions with many historical figures of the time were unbelievable due to her station in life - and her interaction with Thomas Wyatt -LRB- executed by Mary for starting rebellion to replace her with Elizabeth -RRB- was absolutely ridiculous , even for fiction.Bought this book and Katherine together based on recommendations and reviews , not sure I want to try Katherine now . . maybe if I am between other novels . .
 I just thought this book was sooo ridiculously boring . I basically bought it because it was recommended on Amazon and got great reviews and thats why I had to write this review because I just did n't understand all the rave reviews . Basically this book was sooo boring I could n't even get past page 100 . So slow it dragged on and on ... there was really not much of a love story , too many characters but none developed - none were likeable . I tried so hard to like it and I just could n't get into it at all . Would not recommend .
 I saw so many positive reviews on this book that I just did n't bother reading the negative ones . It sounded so intriguing , but within the first 15 pages I felt like I 'd been duped . I will say that the inner story that is set back in Tudor times was intriguing , but the out story was horrible . The writing was stiff and contrived , none of the characters were likable , and in all the behavior of pretty much everyone seemed unbelievable . I would NOT recommend this book to anyone .
 * Spoilers * Having read and loved three other novels by Anya Seton -LRB- Dragonwyck , Katherine , and Devil Water -RRB- , I have to say I was very disappointed with what I read of Green Darkness . I borrowed this book from my local library on Friday and read all of Part One and some of Part Two that same night . I think I only got that far because I so desperately wanted to like the book . For the next two hours , I skimmed through four-hundred-odd pages of dragging plot and caved and read the ending.Instead of finding myself liking this novel , I have left it with the feeling that this was one of the most melodramatic pieces of literature I have ever encountered . The themes of reincarnation and past love are intriguing , but the way Seton uses them in the plot drove me batty . Spoilers ahead . Do n't continue if you do n't want to know the plot . Celia and Richard were doomed lovers in a past life during the Tudor period -LRB- Edward/Mary/Elizabeth as opposed to their father , Henry VIII and his father -RRB- . They managed to find each other in the present -LRB- 1968 , I believe -RRB- in a world populated by millions of people because their reincarnated selves have been haunted by the tragic ending of their Tudor romance . And they have also managed to surrounded themselves with the present-day counterparts of people they knew in their past lives , right down to the villain-ess who discovered their forbidden love in the 1500s and whose present-day counterpart still harbors an intense dislike for present-day Celia . All a little too convenient.Oh , and then there 's the fact that Richard 's being driven into an introvert/bit of a maniac by his past self and Celia is hovering on the brink of death . And only by reliving their past lives can they both be saved . If I read right , Celia is legally dead at one point ; the doctors at the hospital demand her body be taken away because they need the bed and space for people who have recently been in a car accident . But the magical Hindu spirit doctor brings her back to life ? What is going on here ?! To end , this is not the novel I would recommend people to start with when discovering Anya Seton 's work for the first time . Instead , I 'd recommend Dragonwyck
 I remembered this author from books my mother had around the house and decided to see if it lived up to what I thought it had been . Nope . I thought I would like the medieval parts . Nope . I found the main characters extremely unpleasant and the villains over the top .
 OK - I confess I did read the whole book , but asked myself why more than once . This is not a romantic book nor is it good historical fiction . The heroine past and present is utterly weak . Any book where the husband rapes the wife and then they get back together is just disgusting . I recommend Sharon Kay Penman , Candace Robb , and Colleen McCollough 's brilliant series on ancient Rome beginning with `` The First Man in Rome '' , and recently followed up by the fantastic `` Antony and Cleopatra '' .
 Maybe its because I do n't believe in reincarnation . But I tried and tried to read this book and just could not get into it . The characters were just plain annoying ! I read Katherine by the same author and just loved it ... devoured it ... so I was so excited to read this book . It was just weird . The good thing is it put me to sleep every night so I guess it was worth the money there . i also did not finish it soooo maybe it got better !!!
 This book is very disappointing . I 've read Katherine and The Wintrop Woman and can not believe how boring Green Darkness is . The `` introduction '' in modern days drags on forever and I 'm not interested in metaphysical fantasies . Once we get to historical times the story drags on - too many words and too many names with little progress.Enjoy the other two books but do n't waste your money on Green Darkness .
 UGH ! It was a painful process to go through all the extra stuff in this book . I wanted to quit reading several times , but kept plodding through . At one point I was so frustrated with all the extra this and that , that I almost threw the book across the room . Needless to say , I did n't ... no , could n't finish this book . I got 3/4 of the way through and could n't take it anymore .
 I started this book and put it down a third of the way through . I found it boring , boring , boring . I friend advised trying to finish , so I picked up where I left off and read another third of the book and found it no better . I decided not to waste any more time on a book I disliked . It was not only boring the characters did n't mesh , the plot was chaotic and confusing . This was the first book I read by Anya Seton and I doubt I will try another . It is also the first book I have ever put down without finishing . As an avid reader for over 50 years , and I especially love historical fiction , this was a real disappointment .
 I loved Katherine , would rank that among the best books I 've ever had the pleasure of reading . So when I finally read Green Darkness , I was anticipating something great . Wow , I was wrong . The book is just ... weird . The reincarnation stuff is very bizarre and just does n't fit to me . I am a history nut , and find the historical aspect of this book very unbelievable . I would give it one star , but for some reason I felt compelled to read the whole thing . Something must have kept me going !
 There are a fair number of digital text errors . That is to say , the words did n't convert properly . Not a huge deal but it is a little irritating . In retrospect , I would n't pay for that shoddy work if I knew . The book is fine and actually deserves more time spent in the process of converting to digital format .
 This book was recommended to me by a friend , who knows I enjoy historical fiction . Well , yes ... I will give the author credit in period research . However , her thesis is based more in mysticism which , regardless of your religious views , does not complement the facts . -LRB- I realize astrology has played a very important role historically and this is not my point of contention . -RRB- What remains is a love story , in which the underdeveloped characters do not induce much sympathy in the reader . Added to this we have the ` guru ' doctor who mends the broken hearts from the previous life , but we are never told how . All in all a tedious read .
 Not an easy read . I found the first 100 pages of this book almost unbearable ! Had I not enjoyed Anya Seton 's book `` Katherine '' -LRB- which is one of the best books I had ever read -RRB- so much , I would have put this one down & never finished it . But since it was an Anya Seton novel , I decided to keep reading to see if it got any better . Well , it did n't . I was very disappointed in it . If you do want to read a good book by Seton , than I suggest `` Katherine '' , a novel about Katherine Swynford , the second wife of John of Gaunt . This book is impossible to put down and one of my absolute favorites !
 I find all the gushing reviews surprising , to say the least . Ms. Seton does a good job describing Tudor England . It 's clear that she did a tremendous amount of research , to good effect.But to call this book a `` romance '' is surely false advertising . The Richard/Celia pair of the 1960s are hardly a lovey-dovey couple , even before all the unpleasantness begins . Seton 's own choice of words points this out
 So , I read Kathrine and totally loved it , great romantic story . Now , I have never written a book review on Amazon before but I just finished this book and I am COMPELLED to voice my anger ! haI was eagerly awaiting reading this book , the story appealed to me i love romantic stories and i love the idea of reincarnation . However , this look was COMPLETELY lacking -- Flat ! I gave two stars because i liked the idea , and some parts i enjoyed . But overall , horrible . There was no development of the `` MAIN '' characters ! The fact that their interactions in the 16th century can at most amount to a full two pages ; which that in it self made me pissed off and want to hurl the book across the room because i was so disappointment in its `` LOVE '' story . it 's a good historical fiction , well detailed , almost too much . I found myself skimming about 80 percent of the 16th century to get to the sentence or two about Celia and Stephan.Oh , even writing this review makes me angry at how disappointed i am in this book ! such high hopes , only to be let down ! Well , I guess i always got the Outlander series , Thank god for those books ! Great historical fiction and much better romantic story !
 Having read Katherine , and loved it , I was anxious to begin reading this one , especially after all the good reviews it 's gotten . Unlike Katherine , the heroine is not the least likeable . I kept on reading thinking it had to start living up to its hype . It never did . The history was probably the best part of the book but I was n't looking for a history lesson . Very hard to understand how so many people liked it enough to give it 5 stars .
 I was sorely disappointed with this novel . I found it to be extremely droll , stilted , contrived , totally unsuspenseful , and completely dry . The love story was BORING , the lovers interacting twice in the whole escapade , which utterly contradicts the claim of the author of this being a `` gripping love story . '' I was wondering why this did not appear on the New York Times bestseller list if it was so `` magnificent '' , and now I know . I am really surprised to read any reviews here over two or three stars .
 The first clue that this translation is n't what it should be is the fact that the poems all rhyme . You ca n't translate Greek to English accurately and expect it to rhyme . He also chose to translate the names of the Gods either into their English words -LRB- like Heaven -RRB- or their Roman names -LRB- like Saturn -RRB- rather than leave their Greek names so you can figure out exactly who he means -LRB- Like Ouranos -RRB- . He confused Hecate , Selene and Artemis , calling them all Diana at one point or another and I think there 's a point where he translated Dione as Diana as well . The final result - you spend more time trying to guess who the poem is about.Further , despite the title 's promise of a `` preliminary '' dissertation , there is more commentary throughout the book than poems , though the commentary does n't help much in figuring out who the heck he 's talking about unless it contains snippets of Greek which is sometimes helpful.In short , there is little to no value to this book .
 I do not believe the current Kindle edition of this book was ever actually reviewed by a human who understands e-books . I am planning to request a refund.Firstly there are awful character encoding issues . The first half of the book is scholarly introduction with what I assume are Greek words and phrases . I can not tell for certain because they all show up as '' ??????? '' In the e-book . In some pages half the content appears as these question-mark words - useless!Secondly the process that produced this e-book for some unfathomable reason retained page numbers in the text content . Of course they never align with screens of text on the reader , they show up in the middle of paragraphs and verse stanzas , interrupting -LRB- and ruining -RRB- the reading.Amazon should pull the Kindle version of this book down until the publisher decides to produce a commercial-quality product .
 Poorly written , silly and self indulgent and frankly , bordering on unbelievable -LRB- mysterious naked women -RRB- I found nothing about `` soul '' in this book and precious little about life.Pass on this one
 I agree with another reveiwer that a possible redeeming quality of this book is that it is a quick read . I think I came close to skimming the last half of the book . The author seems more intent on repeating his weight , height , eating habits , and the fact that he is a Texan than on relating anything very meaningful or engaging . Self indulgence does n't equal insightful reflection , nor do the frequent cryptic phrases add anything but confusion . And the attempts at philosophy are sophomoric.Having said that , I was able to finish the book because I too have logged several thousand miles astride a variety of bikes , most recently on a Honda Valkyrie , `` The Dragon '' . Meyer would also have us believe `` The Dragon '' is his nickname for the bike , but a visit to the Valkyrieriders website can clarify some history . Sorry , big guy , the book did n't work for me.Do yourself a favor
 The only book I ever threw away ... this guy is so full of himself ... `` big great texan '' ... barf ! story was not so bad if you can get beyond the I am a big tuff guy !
 Life is a road , was , at least , a quick read . The author takes us along for a year or two of his riding experiences , most of which describe the same type of thing the same way as he did in the first set of stories . He is also fond of very short two word sentences that lost me more than once and I found myself re-reading to understand what the heck he was talking about . His constant refrence to his bike as `` The Dragon '' got wearisome as well as his droning on about being `` one with The Dragon '' eulogies that felt like they would never end . However , some of his stories are fun and he 's a nice guy although many of his tales are not in the least believable , such as the naked girl wandering in the desert , then going for a long ride on the back of the bike story . Yeah Right ! A few of the chapters are written with a lot of humor , which is where he excels and should do more of . And at the very least , if you are motorcycle obsessed , it is centered around motorcycles . Or if you are intimidated by hitting the open road , then at least you can live vicariously through these pages .
 The author may be a great guy but this book is just plain awful . I 've read almost every book published on touring and this thing is the worst hands down . If you need to read a `` motorcycle '' book to know it 's hot in Texas , Motel 6 has noisy air conditioners , chicken fried steak can be nauseating - and be told this in EVERY FREAKING CHAPTER ! , than you may be able to get through his book . I gave up halfway through when the `` poetry '' showed up , it 's hard to believe a grown man could write such drivel . I do n't think I 've ever had a more visceral dislike of a book than I experienced toward this one .
 The Cover - Could have been so much more intriquing if only the illustrator had read even the first paragraph of the book describing the bridge as an ancient suspended foot bridge made of ofier by the Incas etc. etc. not this London Bridge knock off . We readers are n't stupid and would appreciate a bit of consistancey between cover and story.The story read from an old copy is wonderful , and the editing is of a high standard not approached today .
 I did not like this book at all . It was assigned to me as a reading assignment over the summer . there was hardly a connection from the beginning to the end . It was very hard to understand and I am extremely dissapointed with Thornton . His books are expected to have higher potential than this .
 I decided to read this book based on a number of great reviews I had read . Upon reading it , I was greatly disappointed . The ending of the book is weak . The characters never held my interest . The book starts out one way and ends another . Pass this classic up
 Just about every review I 've read on ` San Luis Rey ' mentions that the book won Wilder a Pulitzer Prize . Why it did is beyond me . I thought the stories in the book were extremely tedious , especially the Spanish woman 's and her daughter . The amount of detail is overwhelming and for what ? What 's the point of all that rambling about their relationship ? It might have been useful to the reader if there was a tie in with the ultimate fate -LRB- i.e. the death -RRB- of this or any other character in the book . But there is n't ! Wilder fails to connect anything in any kind of meaningful way , which leaves the reader with a terribly hollow feeling about the long slog he has made with the author . The concept is a good one
 When the Bridge of San Luis Rey collapses , in Peru in 1714 , and five travellers plummett to their deaths , Brother Juniper asks , `` Why did this happen to those five ? '' Wilder proceeds to tell us the stories of these travellers & we are asked to examine whether there is any reason that God would choose these specific people for this fate.I remember reading this book in Junior High or High School and not getting it ; I 'm afraid I still do n't . I suppose the book 's well written , but I just do n't care that these people die and the ultimate lesson we 're left with -- there is a bridge of love that binds the living and the dead -- just seems completely platitudinous .
 I had to read this book for a sophomore english class and all I can say is what a very , very uninteresting book . Basically all that happens is 5 people die on a small bridge and then the author goes on to discuss these people 's lives . What a BORE . Unless you 're some philosophical nerd , you will not enjoy this book at ALL . If I was the author of this book I 'd tell myself to get a grip on the real world .
 When I began this book I thought it was going to be fairly interesting . Brother Juniper wanted to show the world than everything happens for a reason by studying five people 's lives and trying to prove why they fell of of the bridge of san luis rey and died . However as I so painfully read on about these five people 's lives I too wished I had fallen off of a bridge . Wilder 's writing style is the kind where you have to read the sentences over and over because they are 1 -RRB- so incredibly boring and 2 -RRB- so incredible hard to understand . I hoped as I read on that there would be some kind of powerful ending that was all worth reading for since the original purpose of the book seemed deep and intriguing . However , I was left with another boring ten pages and paragraph about love to smooth over the rest of the book . Save yourself and read something else !
 Next to Great Expectations , this book was potentially the worst book I 've ever read . The plot summary on the back of the book caught my interest but I was greatly disappointed . The characters were unbelievable , the writing was pointless . A horrible novel -- do n't read it !
 Disappointing experience with a prize-winning author . This must be a work for a narrow audience , probably fellow writers . I found it simultaneously clearly written and next to impossible to understand the purpose .
 The first chapter of Thorton Wilder 's `` The Bridge of San Luis Rey '' was very interesting and absorbing . It tells of a monk who , after the collapsing of an historic bridge hurtles five people to their deaths , researches the personal lives of the dead and tries to discover if the tragedy was a coincidence or a sheer act of God . The next three , absolutely horrendous chapters , go on to describe the lives of the deceased . After reading three chapters filled with boring , gratuitous material , I hoped for an outstanding ending that would bring all the events together . But what I got was an ending that mocked me , seeming to ask , `` Why did you read this book ? ''
 In this book a bridge collapses in Peru . Five people lost their lives . This is the story of their lives . Aside from that this book did n't make much sense to me . I found it dull and often uniteresting . The only decent part , was the story of the twins , Manuel and Esteban . I really do n't recommend reading this book . However , if you are a Wilder fan or you want to read a classic piece of literature pick up this book .
 In this book a bridge collapses in Peru . Five people lost their lives . This is the story of their lives . Aside from that this book did n't make much sense to me . I found it dull and often uniteresting . The only decent part , was the story of the twins , Manuel and Esteban . I really do n't recommend reading this book . However , if you are a Wilder fan or you want to read a classic piece of literature pick up this book .
 I read this book to the point in the story where the bridge collapses and Father Juniper decides to investigate the lives of the victims to see what they had in common , thereby discovering the logic behind God 's will . At this point I completely lost interest . Why proceed ? Anyone with any life experience already knows what he 'll find . NOTHING ! No logic , no hidden meaning , no consistant thread ! Why did the bridge collapse when they were on it ? BECAUSE S -- T HAPPENS , THAT 'S WHY ! No other reason ! Who did n't already know this ? Why wade through the rest of the book to read a conclusion you can easily predict?Nevertheless , wade through I did . What was revealed was that each person was a typical human being who loved , was loved , had flaws , etc. . But did n't we already know this would be the case ? His final conclusions about the connections between people and `` love being the only survival , the only meaning '' are basically the same inadequate , ultimately unsatisfying conclusions I 've heard repeated before in casual discussions . Implied is that nothing is permanent , there is no forever , no certainty of any existence beyond this one . We live , die , are briefly remembered by our loved ones who eventually die themselves , and then it 's as if we never existed . Can anyone sing `` Dust in the Wind '' ? Everyone I 've ever talked to who had given much thought to the purpose of life , unless they had strong religious convictions , essentially reached this same conclusion . I doubt most of them had read Mr. Wilder 's book.Wilder has written a book in an attempt to illustrate the obvious . Perhaps he was too young , and too inexperienced in life , to realize at the time how obvious it was .
 While I do think that the ideas of fate and divine intervention are interesting and worth investigation , this book failed to harness my curiosity on the subjects . A very basic outline of the book is this ; 5 people die when a bridge collapses , and in the following chapters , their lives are picked apart and analyzed in a confusing and boring mess of nonsense . The conclusion in no way ties the book together , and leaves you wondering what the author was trying to prove . Did God play a part in this catastrophe ? I 'm not quite sure , but I do know that reading this book will put you to sleep in about 3.8 seconds .
 I read this book over summer in a matter of days . I am still trying to understand it now . I thought the book was confusing but still interesting when I did get pulled into the stories of the 5 victims . I think it is a book that should be taught and not just read . You need to have an appreciation for this book , that I obviously have not aquired yet . This book would be better for middle age adults , but kids could give it a try if they are prepared to be thoroughly lost in a novel . Who knows , some people may love this book and say it is the best ever written . But in my opinion , I do not see the point it is trying to make at all .
 I 'm always excited to read another book on Time 's top 100 list because I never know what to expect or what is going to happen . I am almost halfway through the list and I have read novels I consider masterpieces , great , good , fair , disliked and downright hated.So , just because someone says it is a masterpiece does not mean you have to think it is . I take this approach each and everytime when reading a classic . After all , it is only their opinion versus mine . I am no Yale graduate , but I have read hundreds of novels and would like to think of myself as a well read individual , qualified to give a valid opinion . Try as I might , despite the intriguing story line , Pulitzer prize , and rave reviews , The Bridge of San Luis Rey was a huge disappointment for me.One reason , to be honest , is that I am not huge fan of most stream of conscious novels because I do n't they just do n't captivate or enthrall or produce sufficient enough emotions inside of me for them to be interesting or memorable . Faulkner is the only author I would consider amazing at the stream of conscious style . I get restless with the jumbled words and fragmented story -LRB- mostly lack thereof -RRB- because this style of a novel is n't about stories it is about a person 's thoughts and sometimes a person 's inner thinking is just not that riveting as is the case here.I love great description , moving and fleshed out characters , power , intrigue and solid story lines . This novel has none of those qualities . Perhaps I should be more open and celebrate stories I do n't and ca n't get immersed in but I want to remember a novel to consider it great no matter how fancy and flowery the language might be . The story is about a bridge that collapses in Peru without warning sending five random people to their deaths . It is an accident of corrosion and nature and not of anything done by man . It all happens by pure coincidence . A man from a distant witness this event and becomes obsessed with the lives of those who died in order to determine whether or not they died by chance or divine intervention.Sounds interesting I know . I thought the idea seemed fascinating but it is not . There are chapters dedicated to three of the five characters and a preachy afterwards that spins itself around in circles . It is slightly confusing but that is n't the issue here . My favorite novel , The Sound and the Fury is very confusing and rewarding but this novel is only the former . I found it hard to focus and in the end I felt I knew very little about the people who died and I certainly did n't care about them . And should n't I have with such a searching plot line?There were no solid arguments for chance or divine intervention . Just a lot of words and a lot of needless fluff . For me , to consider a novel a masterpiece I at least need to remember it when I am done reading and with this last sentence The Bridge of the San Luis Rey has already faded away from my mind which is busily anticipating the next novel up on the top 100 list which has a better chance than not then being better than this one is.Grade
 I was excited to read this book , and then I read the first paragraph . This book is a horrible bore . But I have been forced to read it for summer reading . If your not required to read this book , Do n't .
 man spends his life trying to prove the existence of god . he does it by exploring the lives of dead people , not my cup of tea .
 Strange writing style , very sad depressing story . Purchased for book club . Did not enjoy the stories of the people within the text .
 I have read all the positive reviews and I am a bit stumped . I found the early chapter about the relationship between the mother and daughter very tedious and meaningless . I almost stopped reading after that chapter , but slogged on through the rest of the book with little uptick in enjoyment . I believe people just feel they have to love and praise the `` classics '' no matter what . I found the book dull and unsatisfying . I 'm so glad it was a short book . The most enjoyable part of the book was looking up the many words I did not understand . I 'm very glad I put the -LSB- ... -RSB- app on my iPhone .
 The premise is frequently discussed in the other reviews . The execution on this premise is so-so . The characters he chooses are all very depressed people with calamitous lives that touch upon one another . The book is seriously depressing . In addition , the pace is at times glacially slow . It was difficult to finish . The one saving grace is that here and there Wilder writes an utterly brilliant passage . But invariably these passages are set in such dark and uninteresting contexts that you wonder if they were n't penned separately and sort of forced into the story at specific junctures.But even for these passages the dullness and moroseness of the characters ' stories hardly makes reading this book worthwhile . I can not recommend it .
 This book was way overrated . It was average at best . But it least it was n't too long . It must have been a slow year for writing if this won the Pulitzer Prize .
 This review is not about the novel itself but about the quality of its Kindle edition by ePenguin.There are quite a number of spelling mistakes in this edition - as if the text had been scanned in very quickly and not been proof-read carefully enough . For instance , `` die '' may be displayed as `` the '' , `` part '' as `` fart '' , `` but '' as `` hut '' , `` greedy '' as `` gready '' , `` fire '' as `` fife '' , `` Maria '' as `` Marfo '' , `` the theme '' as `` me theme '' , `` years '' as `` yean '' , `` the porridge '' as `` me porridge '' and so on and so on . There is also a problem with punctuation - repeatedly a period between different sentences is missing or , albeit less often , a comma or dash has been inserted where it does not make sense.All in all , the production quality of this Kindle edition is rather disappointing and enormously spoils the pleasure of reading Wilder 's classic novel . -LRB- And , by the way , it does not even have a cover illustration . -RRB- I have to admit that I would have expected something better from Penguin ...
 This seemed to be a collection of essays that do n't quite go anywhere . Maybe for somebody it 's good but for me it felt like mix of artists and cultural studies types who do n't really get online with some people who spend too much time online in mud 's and other virutal ` worlds ' . It seem to lack any theortical or intellectual backbone . Aside from that , if you get a list of the essays most of them can be found online . ; -RRB-
 This is pretty impressive stuff ... really . Aslo , the cover is nice .
 The story line had original promise . Then as reading this book I realised that ideas were not finished . Story lines were left unfinished and unresolved . The ending seemed rushed or edited roughly leaving me feeling cheated for having spent the time to read it .
 I listenesd to an interview this author had some years ago and she sounds like she is so hateful and mean ! She is mean to the maximum . No one denies some of the events in the book , but this woman is truly out of her mind , exaggerating and dramatizing and obsessing throughout . I have read many Holocaust books , but hers , just a waste , tone it down Lucille , you are too wierd and eccentric . Making the whole event sound like a circus !
 If you 're a fan of logic problems , this is just OK . I thought the price was very high for the number of puzzles actually included in the book . I went through the entire book in just a couple of hours . Too easy , no grids , and all-in-all , fairly disappointing .
 Well , I personally think that the book is too broad . It tries to conver everything which should be left to separate books . I was expecting to get good details on tuning web servers / capacity planning etc but instead just re-read stuff that is in other books . The chapter on capacity planning is decent as well as the appendicies . However these should have been the core of the book . If you are a beginner to the Internet and want to know general performance stuff get it . If you are more of a veteren do n't buy it .
 This is a book written in a deliberately difficult style . Notation used for equations of motion and stability derivatives is non-standard . There is little in the way of solved examplesthat can illustrate the basic principles to a student . A reader easily gets lost in the myriad of confusing mathematical details , without grasping the physical fundamentals . Not a very useful textbook in an introductory course on flight dynamics and controls .
 This is not / really / a book on how to impliment NTP . Over half the book is devoted to the history of NTP . There 's even one chapter on the science of time , the history of the gregorian calendar and other trivial information . There 's even a poem thrown in there for good measure.Chapter five has a big commercial for Symmetricom 's NTP appliance.I was looking for was a exhaustive guide for implimenting * ntpd . I wanted to know how to understand the output of all the different commands on the ntpd console . I wanted to know how to troubleshoot the clock skew on my Dell servers running Linux and ntpd.Instead , I got a book with pages devoted to `` The Networking Aspects of the Trojan War '' ... ???
 I wanted a book that explains how NTP works , so I gambled $ 4.00 on a used copy of this one.I lost.If you want some lightweight handholding in setting up an NTP configuration , especially on Unix/Linux systems , this book would be OK . It 's no substitute for the reference documentation that comes with NTP software , but it does give a reasonable overview -- the sort of thing that could be easily conveyed in a ten-page white paper , not a whole book.However , if you want a robust explanation of what NTP does to handle errors , clock drift , and communication problems , this is n't it . There are a few packet dumps , but the explanation does n't say much about what the packets mean , and does n't begin to touch on how the protocol actually works.I fund no outright errors in the book , just an extraordinary percentage of fluff . I should have boughtComputer Network Time Synchronization
 I purchased this book because it gave the impression that will have advanced information about NTP . Under that assumption I was totally disappointed . The interesting/important/useful information from this book will fit on ten pages , all the rest is just padding . May be the title is wrong and should be NTP for dummies.You will learn much more if you read the David Mills page at www.ntp.org . even if you have to skip some parts because of complexity.Here are some of my objections : NTP deals with some important mathematical concepts that are key to understand the protocol . There is not a single explanation and just short definitions of key parameters/variables like root delay , root dispersion . Not even the explanation on how `` reach '' values are interpreted . You can do better with the `` man '' page of xntpd . Many readers avoid books than contain math and I understand authors avoiding math to please them , but on this subject if you really want to understand you need to use some math.The applications for NTP described on the book where the ones used ten years ago , but now the bar is much higher and for example the current interest is to see if NTP can help to conserve bandwidth in streaming audio and video applications by enabling intermediate routers to discard packages to old to be useful in decompressing the stream . Also VoIP conferencing applications may need precise NTP and this is not even mentioned on the book.There are more than 20 entries on the bibliography , and all of them for the first two chapters , the non-technical ones , and then there is not a single entry for the rest of the book.All the detailed , if you can call them that , examples are for cisco routers , no unix/linux , windows etc. . Also the troubleshooting examples assume that you know the server is wrong , in fact is not a few seconds off , 10 years off . A real expert needs to deal when the servers are just a few seconds off -LRB- or less than that -RRB- and needs to determine which one -LRB- s -RRB- are wrong.In summary this book has some value as an introductory book , but the word `` expert '' on the title , the user level rating on the back cover `` intermediate-advanced '' and the other reviews on this site where misleading . For what it covers the buck for the bang is not justified.GA
 The author 's writing style made for extremely painful reading . The punctuation had more commas than I 've encountered before causing long and overly complex sentences . After 10 pages or so I had to put it down and buy a different book on the subject .
 This book is a complete waste of money . It is basically a printout of the Platform SDK and MSDN documentation .
 I was planning on going camping in Colorado with my Jeep . I wanted to find some trails and such in which I could take my Jeep off roading . This book had good reviews so I figured what the heck . The book is very well written and put together . It has very good pictures of the trails and even lists them from easy to moderate to hard trails . The only problem is that the book only has the trails for southern and central Colorado ! I was planning on going to Estes Park only to find out this book does not have any trails in northern Colorado . When I opened the book and looked at the map it stated that if I wanted the trails in northern Colorado I would have to purchase the `` Guide to Northern Colorado Backroads '' . One would assume that purchasing a book stating guide to Colorado trails , one would assume that it would refer to all of Colorado but apparently not .
 The book provides a good chart of all of the Outlook 2000 objects but gives few good programming examples . Nowhere does it show how to login as an outlook user and then create and send an email . Spends too much time on the Outlook database vs. task list as if it were the only part of Outlook a developer would be interested . Not worth the money .
 Is this a joke ? What sort of history book offers no glossary and no notes ? Answer
 My daughter uses this series for sixth grade Social Studies . I think it is among the worse textbooks I have ever seen . The book is written as a narrative with no bullets , highlights , underlined points or emphasis of any kind . The problem with this is the first time reader of American History needs to know what is important and what they need to focus on . They have no base knowledge of the subject and not all fact are equal . In addition , there is no glossary which is annoying for the students when creating flash cards for assessments . I am not going to go into the inaccuracies of the text -LRB- there are quite a few -RRB- or the obvious religious biased , but I think that a more structured book is appropriate for first time American History student . This book is more of `` reader '' then a text - they do n't even have question or a vocabulary list for each chapter .
 Not only does this book only go over the very very basic steps on how to use this program , which I could have figured out how to use to program by doing this without the book , but is out-dated . I think it was a good idea to have color and show lots of pictures of screens that the author is talking about , but half the screens have already been changed in the new updated version of this program . There are options the book talks about that are no longer offered in the program or are gotten to by different steps .
 I usually have been very happy with my orders from Amazon , but this time I was very disappointed . The reason was because I thought I was buying a cube book and I ended up with a tiny mini cube book . I think the order was very confusing and I ended up with something I did n't want and now it is too late to order again for Christmas , and anyway I would have to spend about the same to send it back . By the way , the postage was about the same as if I had bought the regular cube book , which I thought I had ordered in the first place .
 Ok so bad me for not appreciating this book is only about 1.5 inches square ... very small ! Cute , but tough to handle . More importantly , my toddler ripped the cover off on day two - and she is generally gentle with books . Cute but very tiny and fragile . It 's also hard to know what captions go with what , so challenging to associate the text with the appropriate animal .
 This is n't a good review because it was n't the book I thought I was getting . I wanted a book from when I was a kid about a little girl who goes into her dollhouse . Ca n't find it ...
 This book is not a good choice for young children . I read it when I was already in high school . It looked cute and I wondered what it was about . It was actually very twisted and disturbing . I agree wholeheartedly with the other reviewer who wishes she could give it a zero . The murder scene stayed with me for a long time . If you are looking for sweet , interesting stories about `` living '' dolls , I would recommend THE BEST LOVED DOLL for a picture book and HITTY , HER FIRST HUNDRED YEARS for a read-aloud or chapter book .
 This book was purchased for grandchildren . I read the books I give them to screen objectionable material . I love older children 's books , but this was difficult to read . It went into my yard sale .
 I have to agree with the others who warn that this book is unsuitable for children . In fact , I 'm researching this book online today because just now -LRB- in my early 30s -RRB- I suddenly had a flashback to the horrible scene of Birdie 's burning . I read this book when I was in 4th or 5th grade and , like others have said , the sickening feeling it gave me -- not just the burning scene , but the ugliness of the whole moral universe of that book -- has stuck with me all these years . It 's * not * that I believe in coddling and sheltering children from the harsh realities of life . I read plenty of books as a child that featured cruelty , heartlessness and violence , and * none * of them disturbed me as deeply as this one did . Based on my first-hand experience of how this book reads from the perspective of a child , I wholeheartedly advise parents not to subject their children to it . There are better choices .
 I read this book when I was in grade school , and I have to say that it is pretty warped . This is n't just about children playing with toys that come to life when they are not around . Despite the impression you might have gotten from other reviews , this is NOT like `` Toy Story . '' The dolls have their own personalities , yes , but they are not all nice . Marchpane is not just spoiled and `` delicate '' she is evil . She is a sociopath who goads the little boy doll into literally playing with fire . The boy 's mother , Birdie , sacrifices her own life to save her son . The book plays it up as some great moral maternal thing , but for all intents and purposes , Marchpane murders her . The death is gruesome , with Birdie burning alive into a pile of dust while her husband and son look on with horror and Marchpane remarks remorselessly that if Birdie had been made of more quality materials , like Marchpane herself , she would not have died . This book really affected me as a child , and not in a good way . I scarcely remember the rest of the plot , but Birdie 's death is an image that will always stay with me . If I could rate it with zero stars , I would . DO NOT buy this for a child .
 This is the Second Book in Fomenko 's seven book set . I 'm not sure if the other books will ever get published in English . Ca n't say I 'm sorry if they do n't . This book is more interesting than book 1 which was mostly filled with charts . That does n't make it better . This one goes into Fomenko 's crazy ideas regarding history and why he thinks they make sense.A brief explanation for anyone not familiar with this book . Anatoly Fomenko is a Doctor of Mathematics at Moscow State University . Despite a lack of support from his colleagues -LRB- who consider his ideas on history nuts -RRB- he published a series of seven books in which he rewrote the history of the world based on his ideas of Statistics . As explained on the back cover of the first book , `` Jesus Christ was born in 1053 A.D. and crucified in 1086 A.D. . The Old Testament refers to mediaeval events . Apocalypse was written after 1486 A.D. '' The Roman Empire and all of Classical civilization was invented by Jesuit monks who wrote in a remarkably short time all of Western literature and invented an entire civilization which people then immediately forgot never existed . All Classical buildings are simply medieval ones that have been misdated.And now the history of the world as outlined in this book
 I knew it would be cutesy , and plenty of really good books play with that format ... this is n't one . It somehow makes you feel worse , and it 's very heavy handed.Much too Christian .
 If you read Tarzan of the Apes , you have to read this sequel . The first book ends with too many plot lines unresolved not to find out what happens to them.However , that is probably the only good reason to read this book.Burroughs is inconsistent
 This book is total crap , and begs the question , how on earth did Edgar Rice Burroughs become so revered in american literature ? Following The eloquently beautiful and mystifying `` Tarzan of the Apes '' , this seems almost slapstick silly ; a spoof of what should have well been left alone . The outlandish coincedences are obscene to put it mildly .1 . Tarzan meeting Jane Porter 's best friend Hazel Strong upon the High Sea 's 2 . Tarzan being thrown overboard literally in the middle of nowhere , only to be find himself back on his native island , washed up upon the exact shore within mere feet of his beloved dwelling .3 . Tarzan arriving just in time to kill `` Numa '' before the lion makes dinner of a sickened , weary Clayton and frightened Jane Porter.The list goes on , but enough.The original `` Tarzan of the Apes '' will always remain one of my favorite literary pieces of all time . Burrough 's `` The Land That Time Forgot '' was also wonderful . How he managed to stretch out the Tarzan saga through so many sequels is beyond me , but somehow I will probably find myself grueling through the next in the series while simultaneously shaking my head and wondering why .
 Compared with the original Tarzan book , this story is disappointing . However , it contains essential information for the following Tarzan books .
 This is probably one of the poorer books in my O'Reilly collection . While all the other books I own from them seem to cover all basis of a particular topic , from concept to implementation to futher reading , this book provides only a brieft introduction with small and impratical examples , often filled with errors . It seems like the author simply saw a market for this book and wrote it fast fast as possible . If you have no clue as to some of the advanced features available for PERL , this one is for you . If you want truely useful references , try the perl website .
 This book is a waste of a good title , and I wish it would either go out of print , or be completely rewritten -LRB- in fact , there have been rumors that the latter will happen ! -RRB- . It was a passable early book on Perl , and it is n't so bad in and of itself , but it 's useless to anyone nowadays , as the really interesting material that it tries to cover is much better addressed in Conway 's excellent / Object Oriented Perl / . -LRB- To be fair , chapter 20 of / Advanced Perl Programming / is a good overview of the internals of the Perl interpreter-compiler . However , that 's of real interest to very few people . -RRB- Instead of spending their time and money on this book , learners are better off reading the other , more recent good books on Perl , and flipping thru modules in CPAN .
 from a quick reading at the local bookstore , this book provides little if any useful information . i could n't find any help trying to do what i wanted to do , though there seemed to some stuff i ca n't imagine ever wanting to do in there . it bewilders me that this book gets such good ratings.btw i am no novice at perl and have a degree in computer science , so i 'm not saying it is no good `` jus because i do n't understand it '' .
 It 's the first Perl book that has provided such a negative impression . I bought it in order to improve my knowledge of Perl but in fact it 's just a messy try to perform things you should never do with Perl ! What i 've found in this book is for example `` How to use Perl for doing a job C or C++ already does more efficiently and in a neat manner '' . It compares the dirty features of Perl -LRB- object-oriented , supposedly `` advanced data structures '' , variables scope ... -RRB- with those of other languages ... If you need to do OO programming , use an OO programming language like C++ or Java , not Perl ! You 'll certainly not learn OO programming with Perl . If you want to use advanced data structures efficiently , use C . But using Perl for doing such things is crazy
 The little red ribbon graphic on the cover of the book says , `` Mastering the Corporate PC '' . Since Windows 2000 is targeted at business users -LRB- Microsoft 's offering targeted to home users at the time was Windows ME -RRB- , I had expected more of an emphasis on the likely concerns of business users -LRB- i.e. networking , security , etc. -RRB- rather than how to use programs like Paint , Wordpad and Media Player . After purchasing the book , I discovered that most of the same information was available , organized in much the same way , on the TechNet section of Microsoft 's web site . If Windows 2000 is your first exposure to any form of the Windows operating system , this would probably be an appropriate selection . If you have experience with Windows and are upgrading , I suggest you look for another book .
 The title of this book would lead you to believe -LRB- or at least it led me to believe -RRB- that it is a supplement to other books on Windows 2000 and that it would provide guidance on the use of the unique features of the Professional Edition . On the contrary , it is a plain vanilla manual on the use of the general features of Windows designed apparently for the novice who needs to be told how to open a file . If this is what you are looking for , fine . But if you want to learn how to use the real power of Windows 2000 Professional , you need to look further .
 I 've read three JFC books thus far , and this one was my least favorite . It simply does n't have the breadth of coverage that you would expect.It 's not a good reference book , because it only covers the com.sun.java.swing package . Nor does it have a comprehensive set of examples.There are a couple of case study examples that are worthwhile , if you are specifically interested in the nitty-gritty details of using JFC and printing , or JFC with JDBC , but that 's about it .
 Yeah , another book of the same-old-same old . Americans , particularly white people , just love to find ways to romanticize what amounts to an imperialist project on the part of the Puritans . And I 'd like to remind a previous reviewer that A
 This book is a great example for teaching children about the pilgrims and everything they believed in such as religious freedom -LRB- except if you were n't a god fearing christian -RRB- and settling new frontiers -LRB- AKA conquering territory and making already settled people miserable -RRB- Hats off to the author for this book glorifying an essentially moronic culture .
 I bought multiple copies of this book to use with fifth grade students . It is short chapters -- snippets of things that happened with the pilgrims . Very factual and somewhat dry . Towards the end of the book , it gets difficult to keep all of the Native American chiefs separated . I do n't think I 'll use it again . The kids did not enjoy it at all . If you 're looking for a pilgrim book , The Diary of Remember Patience Whipple is much better .
 If you do crossword , scrabble , or anything where you need to look for odd words this is not the dictionary for you ... It is so incomplete I was very amazed , under the listings for words with X I think there are about 8 words ; . LOL ... pretty weak in the word department.Large Print now that is a winner !
 READY ? MARSHALL SAUNDERS , BEAUTIFUL JOE C. 1893 THEN THE SEQUEL , BEAUTIFUL JOE 'S PARADISE , C. 1902 ? This story does not need to be dumbed down . You can get a new edition of the original here through Amazon , and the sequel can be picked up at online book shops that sell used/rare books .
 I have NOT read this book but have been looking for thre original story by Marshall Saunders for years . . I notice this author also has a version of Black Beauty that is rated as `` pre-school '' reading level ... since the rating and number of pages are missing from this posting , how is one to know what one is getting ???
 This book is no different from RedHat installation manuals/information that can be read on the web for free . Horrid as a reference manual . Buy ` Running Linux ' instead . ISBN 156592469X . Regret that I ever bought this book . In addition it is old -LRB- RedHat 7.2 and not 8.0 -RRB- .
 I have just bought this book based on many of the good reviews about this book 's easy way to install the Red Hat Linux . Yes , I did install the Linux smoothly under my Windows XP . And I even created the boot disk since I do n't want to ruin my XP system . However , after I completed installation and rebooted my laptop . The screen showed an error message of Boot Failed . -LRB- and that 's it -RRB- . I have tried to contact Oreilly and the reply was very cold . So if you are a total newbie such like me and if you really want to install your Red Hat successfully and USE it , try picking another one .
 I 'm really disappointed , the contents are just full of steps for installations . Many screenshots of installation screens . I think this 's book is just for dummies which use linux just for the first time and for fun . Too short descriptions , not clear enough .
 This book 's target audience is obviously the Linux newbie , not just Red Hat newbies . For someone experienced in using Linux , this probably is not a book you would want to purchase . The book does , however , go into some decent newbie level tutorials . What I found to be less desirable was the amount of reliance this book had on linuxconf which , as an experienced Linux user , I prefer not to use . Best I can tell , linuxconf is generally not the admin tool of choice . The book did go into other options , but not to the extent that I had hoped .
 This book does tell you some essential things about LINUX , but this is not enough at all . Being surrounded by pictures and tips , I really ca n't learn anything that concerns the main part of LINUX . It is no better than a thickened Redhat user 's manual ! Too Pratical ! If you really want to `` LEARN '' LINUX , you 'd better go and buy RUNING LINUX which is far better than this book !
 I did not like this book . I found all of what was in book just on the Linux website . I was hoping for a detailed introduction to Linux . For instance , it covered the steps involved with installing red hat linux by describing the options you had at each point , but not what each option means . A list of options I can get from the screen , I need help on what those options mean .
 I intended to buy the full normal version of this book . I did n't realize that by picking &#34; hardback &#34; I was going to get the miniature version instead . Very misleading ... For that misunderstanding I would be tempted to give this 0/5 stars.Focusing on this book , it 's a very cute size . There are n't any pictures -LRB- though it does include a few comic pages -RRB- which makes it not-so-fitting for a child . The book is very pointless for any adult , especially one who has had any experience with a cat . I say this because although the book holds a lot of good information that might be new to a reader -LRB- like myself -RRB- , any adult looking to learn more about cats would get frustrated from the small volume of this book . They would probably be seeking a larger &#34; real &#34; book on the topic to learn as much as they can . At the end of reading this miniature book I had wished there was more information , but how could that be expected from such a small book?I would pass on this book . It really is not worth getting . You could get the full version of &#34; Cats for Dummies &#34; for just a few cents more , so why get this one ? Note - That version is only available in &#34; paperback &#34; - at least at the time of writing this review . If you choose &#34; hardback &#34; it might automatically switch to this miniature book.This book -LRB- in case you already have one or it 's $ 1 at a store nearby -RRB- would be useful to give to a teenager who is just learning about a cat and trying to make a decision on getting one . This book would also be a nice donation gift for an animal shelter to give as a freebie to adoptive owners .
 I needed help on Windows 98 and bought this book because of the Author . It 's the first book of his I 've bought and the last . He is verbose . I needed steak - not sizzle.Further , I do n't believe the author really knows what he 's talking about . I needed help on hooking up an ethernet printer on a peer-to-peer network . This does n't strike me as rocket science . Instead , I get pages of the history of networking . Who cares.I then needed help on an ODBC issue . No coverage is this `` Complete Guide '' . I wanted quick , bulletized text on issues that a user would expect to find in a complete guide . If I had a fire place - this would be in it .
 I bought this book because of the Peter Norton name . Now I am starting to wonder whether he has much familiarity with Windows98 . The book is rather superficially written , and does not go into specifics if you are actually trying to fix something , or get something to work . If you wish to get Direct Cable Connection to work , for example , I would look elsewhere . Some things in this book are just dangerous . The authors suggest that the reader run a utility called LFNBK.EXE from the Windows CD . I did as they suggested and my computer was rendered unusable ! The proper utility that performs what they describe is SULFNBK in the Windows \ Command directory . Anyway , after that experience , I have lost all confidence in the book .
 If you own the book `` Peter Norton 's Complete Guide to Windows 95 '' 1998 edition , then you do n't need this one . Everything you must do is to replace `` Windows 95 '' for `` Windows 98 '' in all the book and you 'll get 95 % of this book . I am really disappointed with this one .
 As a big fan of the first two Bech collections , I carefully rationed my reading of this one , limiting myself to one story per day . All was well until I reached `` Bech Noir '' in which our hero takes murderous -LRB- yet flippant -RRB- revenge on his literary enemies . This was so ludicrously out of character that I kept waiting for the authorial signal that it was just the protagonist 's fantasy . Unfortunately , it never came . I do n't know whether Updike was being contemptuous or just plain stupid . But not only did his trashing of my suspension-of-disbelief ruin this book for me , it cast a retrospective pall over the previous ones.Ironically , a new first-rate Bech story appeared in The New Yorker some time later . Presumably , it will be included in the omnibus Bech edition being published in 2001 . I only pray that Updike , who is known for his post-publication tinkering , will come to his senses and leave `` Bech Noir '' out .
 Bech at Bay is the last in the trilogy of novels about Henry Bech , John Updike 's Jewish alter-ego . It lacks some of the prose sparkle of the last two Bech books , and as such , does not quite have the head of steam necessary to fulfill even Updike 's modest goals . One is to make us laugh , which he accomplishes sometimes but not nearly enough for our effort and the second is to make observations about art , life , and creativity , which he does in abundance , stretching the believability of the plot and the characters to the breaking point.In the end , I have great ambivalence about the Beck books , and Updike generally . What am I supposed to think of him ? There is something slight about these books , even when they are decked out as serious observations of literature and life . Even the comedy is thin and a bit crude , lacking any essential punch . And that is what I want in my fiction . A punch . There are enough lulling , non-essential books and other forms of entertainment out there . I want my fiction to change my world . The Beck series does not come close to this at all .
 John Updike is NOT Nabokov 's equal in any sense , let alone in the realm of the metaphysical novel , in which Nabokov is and will forever remain God . Updike , unlike Nabokov , is constantly begging the reader to pity his nasty , dull protagonists . Everything seems to go right for them , despite their best efforts to fail and feel sorry for themselves , yet we 're expected to cheer them allong and cry for them when they experience minor setbacks ? No thanks . Nabokov 's multi-layored gems offer no easy heroes and no simple-minded moral messages . That said , I think Updike can be really good . The Centaur is a wonderfull book , and some of his short fiction is great . His serially-destributed fiction is , however , far to long-winded and thick-headed and self-serving to be compared to anything by Nabokov . If Nabokov has an American successor , it 's Pynchon or Barth , not Updike .
 While the book was written well grammatically , the overall presentation of the story was very dull . There was a great deal of detail but it was all presented in a manner that left me with a `` Yeah , so what ? '' feeling . The main character starts out as a lazy , self-centered teenager and perhaps he improved a little by the end of the book but really , who cares ? This is the only book by this author that I have read and it does not encourage me to read any others .
 Predictable plot , sketchy locale , good dialogue , sterotypical characters individuated by anachronistic twentieth century quips in an otherwise medieval mileau . The author has written this book several times under different titles with re-named characters in various locales . Reminiscent of Heinlein 's `` Glory Road '' without fully realized characters . If you have n't already read one of Lawrence Watt-Evan 's books it 's definitely worth the price , worth reading for enjoyment , not worth re-reading . If you have read one of his books you know what your getting . Buy it , if you want more of the same . I borrowed my copy .
 The book has plenty of information . Whether it will be useful to anyone running a modern name server is a valid question.For starters the book is generally geared toward the complete newbie . Though it does eventually get around to complex subjects it glosses over all detail and other areas likely to cause problems while examining in excruciating detail all manner of completely obvious subjects . For example , the advice on where to put your working directory : `` Which directory you use does n't really matter . '' No mention of possible permission issues - or SE Linux installs . But they spend a couple pages going into great detail on what a valid host name is and how to setup a 4.1 name server if you 're stupid enough to still have one running.By far the biggest disappointment is the example used to demonstrate a name server setup . It is probably the furthest removed from a normal setup as one can get . There may be two people on the planet with a setup like this one . This guy has two routers , several physical hosts , etc. . If that 's what you 're working with it might be just what you need . Most people will be wondering how this applies to their problem . I 'm fairly good at finding patterns and extrapolation but this example setup has nothing in common with the two IP address VM upon which I want to host a couple domains . In short a couple more setups would have been nice instead of the in-depth look at a completely useless example.As the happy owner of about twenty O'Reilly books this one is the only one I find next to useless . I get much more use from Google and all the wackos who 've posted `` answers '' to the problems of others over the years.I strongly caution anyone expecting a lucid discussion on DNS and Bind from purchasing this edition .
 I bought this book thinking it would be a nice kick-start to ASP and Visual InterDev . I was wrong.If you do n't have programing know-how the the consistant errata and lack of coding standards will cause you to not get past Day 1 . The coding , which standards change from day to day , leaves out important details , chnages methods in doing the same tasks , and if you type it directly from the book , will cause your programs from Day 2 on to not work correctly.The amount of errata makes what could have been a good book a sub-standard one , and what is worse is that the Author only lists 2 errata on his website , when I found multiple errata throughout the book ... at least 2-3 per ` day ' . Stick with a WROX beginners book and you 'll fair much better and save yourself some frustration.I 've been programing for over 10 years , and without my previous knowledge , I would have never figured out the errors in the coding .
 I got this book thinking it would be a great start on ASP programing with Visual Interdev.Although I have learned alot , it has taken a lot longer due to , as other reviewers have pointed out , poor layout , poor coding -LRB- errata all over the place -RRB- and no coding standards . Each day seems like it was written by someone else as the coding is a little different each time.I recently got a WROX book on the same topic , and it 's 100 times more organized.This book should have gone through the editing stage a few more times before being published.Someone with little programing know-how will be lost due to the errors , and the Author 's site only points out 2 errata ... after going through 5 days the only day I did n't have errata was day 1 .
 This is a very basic book indeed . If you are interested in how hard it would be to port the gui of an app from another OS to Be , this may help . But do n't expect help on developing for Be much beyond an overview of the basic UI components . Heck , this does n't even cover how to create your own components ... just use the pre-defined ones . It 's also a very short book , so it does n't make for much of a reference.My vote is for you to use the BeBook online and grab what info you can from the mailing lists , chatrooms , and newsletters .
 When I heard that this book was coming out , I could n't wait to get it -LRB- in fact I pre-ordered it from Amazon -RRB- . I have to admit that its a bit of a disappointment now that I 've gotten through a good portion of the book.While what it does cover is explained fairly well , the book is quite weak in many areas . While it gives a fairly good introduction into programming for Be , it does n't go into detail where it really matters . The book lacks depth when introducing the reader to the ways of the Be API . No attempt is made at explaing how to create custom controls , not to mention that the book does n't even cover all the controls made available in the Be API . While it does offer a fairly decent explaination of some of the Interface Kit , I 'd say shy away from this one and spend your money on the other BeBooks by O'Reilly . Here 's to some better beginner 's documentation !
 I was expecting real life , in depth case studies . Instead I got a rather simplistic view of lean . A lot of the content in the book is real common sense . There is no doubt that lean processes are a must for the company . The book tends to spend 3/4 of its time trying to make that statement , with some high level strategic content thrown about.If you are expecting content such as how companies do VSM , and tactical challenges in doing VSMs you are reading the wrong book . But if you are interested in knowing what is a VSM , and high level overview of how VSMs are done , then this may be the book for you . *** DONT EXPECT TO BE IN A POSITION OF LEADING A LEAN INITIATIVE AFTER READING THIS BOOK *** Good book for getting introduced to lean concepts . Not much for those looking beyond concepts .
 While the book does a very good job of laying out options for building distributed environments , it falls far short in some critical areas . Neither directories , security , PKI , nor directory enabled networks -LRB- DEN -RRB- are adequately covered . As a matter of fact only security receives any coverage at all.Security has 11 entries in the index , but none go beyond defining the role of security . There is no mention of how to implement security in a distributed environment.Directories are not even listed in the index . Directories are crucial to the management and security of networks in a distributed environment . The directory enabled network -LRB- DEN -RRB- initiative is a standard interoperable approach that will be widely supported -LRB- if vendors are to be believed -RRB- . DEN is absolutely necessary if distributed networks are to provide the reliability and security needed by enterprises.Closely related to DEN is public key cryptography -LRB- PKI -RRB- which does not even show up in the index . Enterprises building extra-nets will need the security provided by the use of PKI.These omissions cause me to give a low rating to an otherwise good book on distributed computing .
 book haS NO USE TO ME EVERYTHING IN IT YOU CAN FIND ON THE INTERNET , . . ITS ALL OUTDATED WASTE OF MONEY
 a good book But Needs circuit maps for the lights in all five gardens to help the Beginners .
 While this book dose have some good tips that i used , most of the information I allready know or could have found out without having to buy the book . And it is definatly not for the casual grower because the methods used here are for high end High yeild crops that are produced on a large scale . My advice is if your growing for profit you allready know these things , or if your going to grow for profit start off small and get your feet wet first before wasteing thousnads on equpiment . For casual growers there are some need to know tips but they can probabally be found in any of the more comprehensive for `` beginners '' books and will have the step by step walkthroughs that you need
 There are still some sound principles in this book , but it 's a decade old and you can get all of the same information but updated and in full color in Jorge 's other books.Jorge should either update this book or take it out of print because there are a dozen other better books on growing , including his own.I returned this book after reading a few chapters ...
 this book does n't help very much . He offers no variations on the garden plans . Nearly all of the information in here is common knowledge . I do not reccomend this book .
 I felt that as far as I got , 30 + pages , the book appeared to be well written . However in the process of going through the installation I encountered a `` PARTATION NOT LINUX NATIVE FORMATTED '' notice . So I started over again and encountered the same thing . I then took some time and went through the index , table of contents and paged through each chapter and to no avail did I encounter anything on `` LINUX NATIVE FORMATTING '' . So I started the installation over again . Same problem . I stopped and went out and bought a different book . In short it was a waste of $ + tax and my time . Aside from this major roadblock , the writing is very clear and concise . I wish all technical books were written with this clearity and format .
 Primarily because this book is too basic . Any claims by the author to reply back to email * s * -LRB- again , emails , not one ! -RRB- have been false.Please do n't write any such books just to rip us off ... please !
 I must confess at the onset that I never finished this book . In my youth , I tried to read this book many times and I just could n't . I kept trying because I loved Krishna and wanted to read about him . I have read other books on Krishna . -LRB- My favorite being the `` Wisdom of God '' by Swami Prabhavananda -RRB- . Every time I tried to read this book my head would feel strained . It was like the author was trying too hard . Other books of the stories of Krishna would inspire me and melt my heart . This book just gave me a headache . For a devotee of Krishna , he is completely cerebral . This book is so heady that there is little room in it for heart . He tries to be from the heart . His language is from the heart . But the feeling from the book is dry and heady . I have read other books by Swami Prabhupada and I get the same feeling . His books just seem a little too strained .
 I was really disappointed with this book . Every step of the way I had to refer to some other book or to the internet for resources . I found it to be very unclear as well as not very thorough ...
 Healthy ? I do n't think so . Every meal she uses a lot of olive oil , butter , and salty additives . then writing a recepie for `` Hamburger Salad '' Basically garden greens from a bag , and a couple fried hamburger patties placed on top of the greens , with cheese on it . Oh my ... Quick , easy and `` Healthy '' meals . I do n't think so .
 Same ole same ole , just another way for her to make a buck . Shame .
 It was not indicated in the description that this was a very small 5 `` x5 '' book . Very disappointed and gave it away .
 Not impressed with this recipie book at all . The recipies did not appeal to me , I made one thing out of it , and it did n't turn out how I thought it would .
 I was not impressed with this cook book . However , it is a gift for a relativewho absolutely loves her . Hope he likes it because I did n't see anythingin there that I would prepare .
 I recieved this cookbook in a timely fashion . The cookbook itself was a disappointment . I will have to make sure that I find the cookbook in a store and then look online to compare prices .
 Was not too keen about some of it . Personally , I thought it could stand some improvement.Counselor Counselet
 Enjoying tapes , especially on self improvement , has become a part of my daily commute . I have become more critical of their content in the process . This is my second audio tape from this author and I must admit that he is among my least favorites.Mr Waitley stlye is similar to that of a football coach with too many ` one liners ' we have all heard while someone humms ` America the Beautiful ' in the background . It became irritating and difficult to maintain attention to his words . He is also too wordy to get his point across.I am sure there are people who appreciate this man 's style and may find him dynamic . I found him less knowledgable and making up for it with his cheerleading analogies.I wo n't buy any more of his tapes . I prefer Brian Tracy for the same subject matter .
 This 1970 's book is a low quality printing . Many of the ideas stated are out of date , and since proven inferior.Rather than discuss winning psychology , the book drones on about the difference between races , and ethnic backgrounds , etc.Definitely not up to the caliber of other books in the genre .
 Your ad made it look like I was purchasing the actual book , The Psychology of Winning.What you sent me was some cheap workbook that was of absolutely NO use to me . I was extremely disappointed
 Waitley talks as if he studied Olympic athletes and successful people , then codified their strategies . This is obviously an exaggeration . Ninety percent of this book is speculation prefaced with , `` Winners do such and such . '' The such and such is something that Waitley did not observe winners doing . It 's his own pet religion.Another reason to avoid this book is his take on self-esteem . He fooled a lot of people a decade ago , including me , but now we know that high self-esteem is a better predictor of bullying and aggression than good grades or success . Self-acceptance is preferable . Do n't ever wish self-esteem on your kids . `` Winners use a warm , open smile to project interest through active listening . That 's why we have 2 eyes and two ears and only one mouth . `` These are prescriptions , not descriptions , of what winners do and think.How did he study `` winners . '' He 's constantly saying that `` winners do such and such . Winners volunteer their names first . Winners care about the environment and are against nuclear energy . `` So what measurement or standard did you have to meet to be counted in the winners category ? Had to be an Olympic medalist or an officer in the military ? Obviously , you do n't do some research and find out that `` the winners never meet you halfway or go 50/50 . And winners use the KISS formula . Keep It Straightforward and Simple . They use words that do n't evoke a double meaning . '' I guess that makes Shakespeare the biggest loser -LRB- unless you count Waitley -RRB- .
 I could not even read this book , it was too boring , but I imagine it was a very good read for people who enjoy reading ...
 I bought several books on learning the piano at the same time . I found this book to be the least useful . As several other reviewers mentioned , the author 's sense of humor is pathetic and he tries to throw in a `` zinger '' every other paragraph . `` Thats 's right , ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls , pengiums and parakeets ... '' . Believe me . I not exaggerating on this . I cringed at almost every one of the author 's attempts to be humorous . However , this was not enough to discourage me from continuing to read the book . That occurred after having to read over 50 pages before the author presented the first exercise . An excercise that it does not use a middle C hand position , requires you to move your hand , does not indicate which fingers to use for which keys , etc. . After looking at this first exercise , I decided not to continue . I suspect that the author has never taught a single piano lession.I also picked up two books called `` Total Piano '' and `` Alfred 's Basic Adult Piano Course '' both of which I 've found quite good so far . If you have a digital piano with a MIDI interface , check out `` Teach Me Piano '' . I 've been using it for a few days now , I ca n't say enough good things about this piece of software .
 As a stone cold adult beginner , I thought why not go for the book that sounded as if it was for a stone cold beginner - `` Piano For Dummies '' ? Well , I certainly am a ` dummy ' - shelling out over $ 20 for this discouraging pap is the dumbest thing I 've done in years.I wrestled with it for quite a few weeks - trying to eke out hard information between the stupid humour and piano facts that I never asked for in the first place , dumb drawings and unhelpful layout . Then I called for a professional , feeling really discouraged . This book does n't really even let you know at what point you might sit behind a piano and actually try playing ? It 's that bad.So I booked myself in with a professional piano teacher who within minutes made me realise it was the book and not me . I showed her the book which she referred to as `` dreadful and patronising '' . She wo n't even allow me to have it back!She then handed me these two which are ideal for the older learner : - Piano For Adults -LRB- Bastien -RRB- ISBN 0-8497-7300-8 - Accelerated Piano Adventures -LRB- Faber -RRB- ISBN 1-56939-132-7The former is my slight preference but both are leagues ahead of `` Piano For Dummies '' . Sorry if that personally offends anyone , author included , but it is truly awful . I 've now progressed more in a week than I did in two months with the Dummies book.Avoid .
 I bought this book a few years ago before taking formal lessons . My idea was to gain some basics on reading music and piano-playing before engaging a tutor . The book started out o.k. and rather helpful but went totally downhill after something like Chapter 3 . When I reached page 80 , I could n't continue reading because the chapters become totally disorganized , the lessons difficult to grasp and not suited for a beginner -LRB- especially if you have no one to guide you -RRB- . The author explains something , presents a short music sheet exercise for you to play and then moves on to another lesson . If you 're totally new , you wo n't be able to tell if you 're playing the exercise given correctly -LRB- e.g. how to ensure smooth/non - `` chopping '' playing , observing the correct tempo , counting correctly , etc. -RRB- . Not having a teacher means there 's no one to correct your mistakes . The accompanying CD is not of much help if you have an untrained ear.I was glad I `` dumped '' this book because it is n't worth the bother to finish . My advice if you are serious about wanting to learn the piano is to get a good and dedicated piano teacher IMMEDIATELY . No amount of reading could substitute having a real teacher . And your teacher will be able to recommend suitable reading materials . I 'm into Grade 4 now -LRB- and my 2nd piano tutor whom I find a real gem -RRB- and when I think back to Blake Neely 's `` Piano for Dummies '' , I realize what a waste of time reading this book had been . What annoyed me most was that Neely tried so hard to be funny ... peppering -LRB- and wasting -RRB- the pages with jokes ... when the space could have been used for more useful lessons on playing the instrument.Overall , I do not recommend this book . There are certainly better guide books in the market as I have discovered . If you 're a beginner , it 's perhaps useful to start with the trusted Alfred Library/Bastian/John Thompson book-series on piano theory and practice . Good luck !
 I tried to read this book . I really did try , but I gave up on page 52 because I could n't take Mr. Neely 's pathetic attempts at being amusing . He seems to feel that he has to be ` cute ' because a straight book on playing the piano would n't be interesting enough . Or perhaps he did n't have enough to say and had to pad the book somehow . The one bright spot is that I took this book out of the library instead of wasting money on it .
 I liked the book up to page 83 . Beginning on page 84 it loses all sense of explanation and becomes sheer mumbo jumbo . As just one example ; no explanation is given as to why the whole notes are written both on lines and also then in between lines , and how to read them in relation to middle `` C '' . The rest of Chapter six then begins to speed up and like a starship and it moves into lightning speed making the book worthless past page 83 . Feel like I wasted my money . P.S. Blake Neely 's AOL email address is invalid .
 If you want to play the piano for your own enjoyment or professionally , GET A GOOD TEACHER AND START OUT RIGHT ! The title of the &#34; Piano for Dummies &#34; should read &#34; Piano for anyone dumb enough to buy this book ! &#34; There is no easy path to playing the piano . Motor skills , developing coordination between the hands , basic music composition and most important , learning the proper fingerings to allow one to play even the simplest tunes takes time , practice and wo n't come out of any books aimed at dummies . I consider these &#34; QUICKY &#34; books scandalous rip-offs . I find it amusing to see all the four and five stars given these books by others . Wonder how many of them can play even the simplest tune properly . One book in particular noted that fingerings were n't included because by doodling around on the keyboard , proper skills would eventually develop ! FOOEY AND MORE FOOEY . These are the folks that would buy &#34; Heart transplanting for Dummies ! &#34; Some years ago &#34; Learn Hypnotism Quickly and Easily &#34; books were all the rage . SAME OLD SAME OLD .
 This book is aimed at the LOWEST possible common demoninator . I certainly wo n't be purchasing any more dummies books . Filled with pathetic one-liners and bad analogies , any useful content is obliterated by forced gags and the consistent ending of every paragraph with a bad pun . This is not only the worst edited book I 've ever seen , but it also failed to introduce all musical notation before presenting it on a score , leaving me wondering what I 'm supposed to do when I reached certain symbols -LRB- ie
 I was expecting this book to help my playing , But it helped very little . It seemed like I was reading more than even touching the piano . The book is a ok referance book , but did n't explain some of the important things in enough detail . So it really was n't what I was looking for in a self-teaching book .
 I wish they had a zero star rating , but I was forced to give at least one star . This book is overly lengthy , boring , condescending , and not even appropriate for a five year old . I wish I could send mine back .
 It was my first `` for dummies '' book and most probably the last . The book is big and empty ; the author should have used at most 50 pages . The CD contains short musical clips that you 've probably heard before or you can download for free . I gave it two stars because the book actually helps a small tiny bit contrary to its size.I recommend instead `` Alfred 's Group Piano for Adults '' it 's much better but I 'm not sure if it 's the best one out there .
 Even though the book does embody several hints on playing the piano , two stars are still generous . The book lacks coherency and is a mind-dulling read at best . Constant attempts at humor make for twitching and disgust . It is hard to stay focused and interested in this book , no matter how ambitious the pianist . There are other great books out there that demonstrate the piano beautifully and that have a much stronger appeal . My recommendation is to keep looking and do n't stop here .
 The book is an okay way to learn about the piano - but I would go with the Idiot 's Guide to Music Theory or the zillion other books on music theory . The CD that comes with the book -LRB- along with the examples IN the book -RRB- are no more complex than the built-in songs that come with most low-end keyboards . IN FACT , most of the songs sound like they 've been produced by some $ 39 Casio keyboard made in 1987 . I would look for books that teach theory and back them up with longer and more complex classical pieces or at least better produced music . You 'll come away with knowing more than `` Little Brown Jug '' .
 I bought this book out of curiosity rather than as a teaching guide as I already play the piano to grade 8 -LRB- ABRSM -RRB- . I wish I had not bothered and kept my 14.99 . The book is written by a dummy for dummies or more aptly by a moron for morons . The incessant attempt at humour is offputting from the start and the content is disjointed and lacks any conceptual ideas of what music and the piano is really about.The CD accompanying the book is a joke , and if this is an example of the author 's musical skill I shudder to think what else he has produced . The irritating keyboard rhythms and styles are a throw back to the Bontempi school of music.IMO this book is pants and is not worthy to carry the name Piano in its title . Save your money and do n't buy it , there are lots of other very good `` easy books '' on teaching beginners the piano .
 This is the best we can come up with?I 'm going to recommend another book , -LRB- which is definitely a dictionary of human instincts -RRB- , and that is Cavemen With Cell Phones by Simon Gray.It 's simple , straight forward , easy to read , and obviously way ahead what else is out there.Happy reading !
 Yes , the first chapters are good . Yes , they explain the the way sockets work . But , does this book give a single concise example ... NO ! The book has reviews online and on the back of the book , which state , `` No prior knowledge nessecary , '' and `` Great for Beginners ! '' Well I 've written network code on UNIX before and I have some limited experience on NT ; but I could n't figure out the books examples . Not to mention I had a hell of a time getting the projects off the CD-ROM and into a workspace . -LRB- I was never able to convert the projects , I could just get the * . cpp and * . h files -RRB- All in all , this book is not for someone who with little experience .
 The chief benefit I found in reading this book was that it opened my eyes to new categories of thought when contemplating religion in Cambodia . It caused me to take seriously the matter of the Buddhist nuns ; showed me the existence of various cults and powerful spiritual figures that mix Buddhism and animism ; informed me about some key figures in Buddhist history in Cambodia , and led me to consider how Cambodians abroad interact with religion here in Cambodia today.Major disappointment
 After having lived in Cambodia for 2 years and having read several books on Cambodian religion and Buddhism in general , I approached this book with great anticipation . I read it over the course of 3 months , writing a review of each chapter and discussing each chapter in a forum.Generally , I found this book to be of little value in understanding `` New Religious Movements in Cambodia . '' The authors demonstrate a noted lack of philosophical self-awareness and thus interpret Cambodian religion through a post-Enlightenment humanistic grid . If you want to know how a Cambodian views his religion , this book is not for you.Several of the chapters are written poorly to the point that the thesis is almost unintelligible . Fortunately , the introduction to each section states in clear terms what the thesis of each chapter is . Highly scholastic work does not need to be difficult to read . This book often is.Chapters 3 , 5 and 7 are worthwhile , so it will remain on my shelf .
 And she flops BIG TIME . It 's true -- I think -- that Carson is very likely a genius . Her debut , as far as literature is concerned , was about as great a collection as any published that year
 I do n't know what happened here but Carson 's last two books have really gone down hill . Men in the Off Hours , her first book since Autobiography of Red , is a mess . I do n't know how else to describe it . It 's not that I 'd expect an easy read after her last book -- just a consistent one . There are poems in here that first appeared in prose elsewhere and now are in lines ! This suggests a lack of understanding of the line and its history and uses on the part of the writer , which shocks me since Plainwater and Autobiography of Red I truly liked.I would not suggest this book if you like Anne Carson . It will disappoint you !
 Exactly when did Anne Carson become the biggest thing since Bishop ? Why these last few books of hers have sold as quickly and as widely as they have -LRB- she 's the best-selling poet in America , supposedly -RRB- is a question for posterity , I guess . Whether we 'll be reading her in twenty years is hard to say , but in light of the gimmicks she 's been pulling out of her sleeves lately it 's likely we wo n't even remember her in less than a decade . Plainwater is brilliant . Glass , Irony and God is very interesting . But Autobiography of Red and this new book , Men in the Off Hours , are both examples of a writer pushing too hard to make a mark ; and , in the case of Men in the Off Hours specifically , she 's also pushing too hard to simply fill out a book . Every other poem in the book is something she calls an `` Epitaph ''
 I do n't know . It ` ts a struggle for her to come up with the next line . Does n't feel especially creative , inspired , or notably intelligent . I read other disappointed reviews people had written about this book , & bought it anyway . I tend to have avant-garde sensibilities , so I thought I 'd enjoy it for its avant-garde qualities . I really tried to appreiate the experimentality of it , but I could n't , because I realised I was readin it more for the sake of reading , & because I enjoy reading , than because this book is any good . I know a lot of unskilled teenagers who write dada-influenced poetry that 's much more interesting than this uninspired book ; I do n't see what makes Anne Carson so special . 1 star because it 's not a good book . 1 more star , bringing the total to 2 , because I feel bad just giving it 1 star . At least she wrote something ...
 I understand the attraction to Anne Carson . I like experimental poetry , too . I like scholarship . But this book is pointless . The poems are so terrible that by the time I got to the essay at the end about hot & cold symbolism for the writers of antiquity I was so upset with the book that I just could n't care about anything in it . These poems do n't sound good . If nothing else , there should at least be the sound . & in any other respects , the experiments are to no end in themselves . I recommend forgetting this book & going for such progressive , ambitious younger poets as Karen Volkman & Brenda Shaughnessy .
 Where to begin with a book so lacking in merit , that even the author must have known it to be worthless , as she did n't even bother to run it through a spell-checker ? It could be argued that suspension of disbelief is the most important aspect of any piece of fiction . If so , then this book fails from the top down , for the characters lack credibility and are as one-dimensional as they get . The author does make an ineffectual play for the reader 's emotions by giving them personalities that are mired in a need to be loved and/or accepted , but the gambit is made too openly and in such a cliched fashion that the first response of a reader is to pity them , followed quickly by despising their personas.The plot too , is without sparkle , and could have easily been lifted from any B - , C - , or indeed un-graded movie.Perhaps this novel shows all that has become bad about the publishing industry , where things like editing appear to be discounted completely . Doors spontaneously open and shut themselves , punctuation is sporadic at best , and the writer has taken the lowest and simplest form of shortcut when she decides to convey information , by using a succession of adverbs
 A complete waste of space - this book has no literary value , it is so implausible that it is not even entertaining from a ` light read ' perspective.The characters are ludricrous , the plot is full of holes and ridiculous and the whole premise of the book is flimsy.I have read Cold Heart , Cold Blood and Cold Shoulder by this author and really enjoyed them - I know she is a talented television script writer . What happened?My recommendation is do n't even bother !!
 This has to be the worst book I have read in a long time . The plot is bad , the characters unbelievable -LRB- that 's not unbelievable as in WOW - but unbelieveable as in just awful -RRB- , and the writing really bad . I have read books by this author before and this one is such a let down . I am so angry at myself for reading to the end but even angrier at the author for writing such a bad book . The only good thing about it is that I borrowed it from the library rather than paying for it .
 Although I have not yet read the original French publications of these essays , I must express my dissapointment with this translation . Whoever did this job simply must have a far better understanding of the language than they do ! As a native English speaker and as a student of the French language for four years now , I implore that far better work be done in the future to bring to the English speaking world the beauty of Camus !
 `` The Rebel '' is a book of tremendous , though unfulfilled potentials . Though it contains a wealth of factual data , Camus 's examination of the paradoxes of revolt misfires on account of the faulty premise of its argument
 I am ashamed to admit that Robert Beck 's cheap pulp fiction had a mysterious hold on young black men of my generation . As semi-rural country boys , having never seen a big city , we collectively imagined that Beck 's hip , sexy , ultra-misogynistic narratives , through the voice of Iceberg Slim , about the South side of Chicago , was what street life in every big city was all about.We imagined all cities to be populated by his collections of low-lifes
 First let me say I liked the writing style and it was enjoyable to read . I was able to finish the book cover to cover in 3 days of casual reading . I did get something useful out of the book . He talked about right-brain versus left-brain activity which I found interesting and helpful for my job.I 've made the mistake of reading Extreme programming and Refactoring BEFORE reading this book . So for example in this book the author spends great detail on how to count in a large switch case statement how many case
 A while back I picked up ` Debugging VB ' and did n't think much of it . At first I thought ` Debugging Java ' was better , but the author completely blew his credibility on three counts :1 . Not only does he recommend using MS Word as a Java IDE , he goes to some length to provide macros and so on to show how to achieve context-sensitive highlighting and so on . In fact , at the back of the book , several pages are devoted to this very thing .2 . At one point he writes with pride about how he whipped up a ` report generator ' in Basic that cranked out 25 copies of boilerplate COBOL . Precisely the kind of code that Java 's inheritance and object composition paradigms are intended to avoid . Some people never learn ! 3 . In a similar vein , he also takes about a faux Javadoc he developed that cranked out 1 '' of documentation in half a day . This fellow seems to prefer quantity over quality.On the plus side , this book had a better-than-average discussion of the various IDE 's -LRB- other than Word ! -RRB- , and is worth a quick peruse to see what they all look like , if you have n't already .
 I try to look on the bright side of every book I read , and the bright side of this book is that everyone at the office got a good laugh when the CTO brought it in.The author talks about the advantages to editing java files with MS Word over other editors meant entirely for text document writing -LRB- Wordperfect , and another editor that I 'd never heard of , but which , I was told , was popular in the '80s -RRB- . It also talks about writing word macros to help , and has a small section on how you may have problems with Word appending ' . doc ' to your java source files.Aside from choice of editing tools , the content itself is poor . This is not a book for anyone who has programmed before , it is not a book for those who are trying to learn Java , and it does n't talk about debugging Java in any real sense , so I ca n't imagine who this book is for.I am amazed , however , at the fact that I see these ` Debugging ' books in prominent places at many bookstores . I have n't looked at any of the other ` Debugging ' series , but either the publisher has tremendous clout to get these books put on shelves , or _ Debugging Java _ is the black sheep of the ` Debugging ' family .
 Although it was probably not worth the price of admission his discussion on preventing bugs was useful . Essentially , if you have 1 week to do 2 weeks work you will produce buggy code.To avoid deadline stress like this he recommends a system for estimating work that consists of estimating what it would take if you could write it off the top of your head and giving it a factor from 0 to 5 ? for how unaquainted with the component techniques you are . Then raise your intitial estimate to this power to get your estimate for how long you will take for this task.However , I agree with all the other criticisms .2 stars . Not absolutely aweful but I could write better .
 This book is shock full of the authors ramblings about how he fixedthis and that problem when he was a COBOL or VB programmer . Plus itis crammed with code that is just plain wrong . It often does n'teven compile . It is such a disgrace that a book about code qualitycontains so much idiotic programming errors . I threw away the bookin disgust after the third code example in a row was illegal Java.I dispise myself for again picking it up and finishing it . It wassuch a waste of time . If you want to learn how to write qualitycode , then go read the first XP book
 Debugging Java is a disappointing read for me . This book seems to be a general book about debugging , while trying hard to introduce some elements of Java.Debugging Java seems to have some glaring errors , For example , in P150 ------------------------------------------------------------ str1 = `` ABC '' ; str2 = `` ABC '' ; System.out.println -LRB- str1 == str2 -RRB- ; The above prints false , because str1 is not str2 regardless of contents . ------------------------------------------------------------ Are you sure ??? The book also spend another chapter talking about using MS Word as a good specialized editors . Hur ... which programmer would use MS Word as their editor?Appendix A lists some resources for Java , eg . IDE , debugging tools etc. . This took up 30 pages . No wonder the book is so thick ... By far , this is the most disappointing book I have read . : -LRB-
 well i have to say after paying for and waiting over a month to receive my book . i have still yet to receive the item . so i am saying do not order from these people
 I 'm not a fan of this book . It intends to provide examples , but does n't elaborate . Examples are vague and unclear . For grad students who are not majoring in HR , it 's difficult to comprehend .
 I would like to say how the book is but unfortunatly I never recieved it from the seller . Do not buy from Bell-Jar 2 . Nothing but trouble .
 In order to effectively study history , it is necessary to observe and study the progress of change over time . Rhoda Ann Kanaaneh 's book Birthing the Nation is an anthropological work tracing the evolution of female culture among Palestinians living in Israel . Kanaaneh traces the development of reproduction , sexuality and social characteristics among Palestinian women , and how these conditions have changed over time . She also alludes to political factors , mainly Israel 's treatment of the Palestinians , as a major cause of this evolution . The book is extremely enlightening and cogent in its reflection of the condition and lifestyle of Palestinian women ; however , it is flawed in that it is inherently biased against the Israeli government . Thispartiality is manifested through her narrow choice of prejudiced sources and herreference to Israeli-Arabs as `` Palestinians - '' a label that is not only inaccurate butalso deliberately offensive to Israelis.Another unwarranted aspect of the author 's work is the use of visibly anti-Israeli sources . A prime example of this is that the book is foreword by Hanan Ashrawi , a PLO politician that has been linked with terrorist activity in the past . Ashrawi is by no means a neutral source , and evidence of it is her accusation that '' -LSB- Israelis -RSB- rob us of our most basic feelings for our children '' -LRB- xiii -RRB- . Taken at face value , this unfounded statement is a testament of her hatred for Israel . Ashrawi has made a long career of attempting to villainize Israel , and this severely hurts her credibility . Further one-sided sources include the likes of Edward Said , long a vehement objector of Israel 's existence , and the Palestine Red Crescent Society - an additional condemner of Israel . Even in her attempt to balance her work by including Israeli sources , she chooses to consult radical left-wing politicians , such as Yossi Sarid , whom by no means reflect the views of average Israelis . Any author wishing to present a somewhat moderate and respectable perspective on such a sensitive issue would consult a wider range of sources . Nevertheless , Kanaaneh 's sources range from Anti-Israeli to Pro-Palestinian and this favoritism severely damages her credibility.Another disturbing issue is her recognition of Israel 's Arab habitants as `` Palestinians . '' In today 's context , the term `` Palestinians '' refers strictly to residents of the West Bank , Gaza , and displaced refugees outside of Israel . The mentioned subjects of the book , Israeli-Arabs residents of the Galilee , are not Palestinians . They are considered -LRB- and consider themselves to be -RRB- Israeli-Arabs . Even Palestinians do not consider the Israeli-Arabs to be Palestinians , and many even consider them to be traitors for their support of Israel . Israeli-Arabs carry Israeli passports ; some serve in the army , and go to Israeli schools . They live in Israel by choice , and are free to leave at any time . Labeling Israeli-Arabs as `` Palestinians '' is deliberately degrading to Israeli citizens , who consider Galilee Arabs to be of their own . I must note , however , that in this review I refer to the subjects as `` Palestinians '' so as not to cause unwarranted confusion . The labeling of Arab-Israelis as `` Palestinians '' is another way in which Kanaaneh 's shocking bias is revealed to the audience.Birthing the Nation is perhaps one of the most interesting books I have ever read . It summarizes the complex developments of the modernization of Palestinian society , and the everlasting clash between Zionism and pan-Arabism , as each seeks to maximize its influence in one of the smallest countries in the world . The book is by no means impartial , and incorporates several aspects of anti-Israeli propaganda which include -LRB- but are by no means limited to -RRB- its narrow range of sources and its cataloging of Israeli-Arabs as `` Palestinians . '' . To say that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is merely a collection of historical data is at best a severe oversimplification , at worst a complete lie . The Palestinian-Israeli conflict can only be understood when evaluated in a diverse context that includes the evolutionary progress of both societies -LRB- and lack thereof -RRB- .
 Looks like Pastor Boyd has embraced the old Gnostic heresies of seeking to divine special insights or knowledge by practicing imaginative or contemplative methods . -LRB- The epistles of Peter and John warn about the false teachers . So does the Book of Galatians -LRB- Paul . -RRB- -RRB- With all due respect ... . this is New Age Hinduism with Christian terminology . And I am very disappointed that Boyd , with all his education and background in Baptist General Conference theology , has turned away from simply preaching the gospel . -LRB- 1 Cor Ch . 15:1 -6 -RRB- . Pastor Boyd 's new book follows in the footsteps of Richard Foster , Brennan Manning and a host of others who have invaded the church and convinced undiscerning Christians that mere bible study is not enough . Imagine the possibilities . Visualize God . Health and wealth . Intimacy with God . Repeat `` Jesus , Jesus '' over and over and get closer to Him.Why do preachers sell this heresy ? Because seekers are bored with simply studying the bible which teaches perseverance , suffering , and the fact that Christians will have trials in this life . Instead , in our McDonald 's instant gratification culture , they demand more experiences , feelings , and self-fulfillment in the here and now . Pastors get rich and can build big churches spewing this rubbish to unsuspecting , bible-illiterate seekers . And these seekers have found teachers who will teach such garbage to their itching ears . -LRB- 2 Timothy 4:3 -RRB- . I expect Boyd 's next book to be co-written with Deepak Chopra . God help this world . We are fast approaching the one world church predicted in the Book of Revelation and one can start to predict who will be its leaders .
 After decades in the occult , I can vouch for the occult roots of the garbage in this book . Greg Boyd is not a Christian -- this book alone attests to that fact.Christians , steer clear of Greg Boyd and this book unless you 're a false convert and really want to dabble with demons .
 In his book `` Seeing is believing , '' Dr. Boyd has redefined the words `` truth '' and `` real '' to mean different things , they are no longer synonyms.On page 11 he states , `` Wondering whether Christianity is real is not the same as wondering whether Christianity is true . `` On page 13 he states , `` Remember , it 's not what we believe intellectually that impacts us ; it 's what we experience as real . `` Dr. Boyd is telling us that the objective factual evidence that we tangibly discern and process with our intellect is less real than subjective experiences we do n't confirm with our senses . Dr. Boyd goes on to define `` spiritual truth '' as internal subjective experiences . He states on page 15 , `` We have forgotten the truth that while the imagination certainly can be merely ` imaginative , ' it can also be the means by which we experience spiritual truths as real . `` This may sound innocent , if spiritual truths experienced actually conform to objective truth - Scripture and the historical record observed by men . This is exactly what is denied , however , and the process that Dr. Boyd provides us with constructs an `` alternate reality '' in his imagination that is disassociated with the objective historical record . He constructs a lie and he claims it `` real . '' He implicates his imagined `` spiritual Jesus '' into his lie and claims it to be true and Scriptural , because it works.I am not exaggerating . Dr. Boyd gives us the factual historical objective truth of an incident in his life . He had a cruel grandmother that did n't give him a present and called him bad which he recounts on page 117 , `` No , Greggie is a bad boy , and bad boys do n't get presents . `` This incident brings pain to his life . Dr. Boyd discovers the techniques of imaginative prayer and applies them on pages 118 through 122 , progressing through a series of emotions from grieving to forgiveness . Dr. Boyd claims that Jesus personally leads him through this process . As the process unfolds , we see that what is happening is that Jesus Himself is changing the objective historical record witnessed by Dr. Boyd 's sisters to a different story that never happened . This story evolves into the following account on page 121 , `` But this time , instead of seeing the angry wrinkled face of my grandmother , I saw the radiant , joyful face of Jesus . He leaned over the bag and peeked in with a wildly excited smile on his face . Instead of hearing my grandmother say , ` No , Greggie is a bad boy , ' I heard Jesus exclaim , ` Oh , of course Greggie gets a present ! He is such a good boy ! ' He rubbed my head vigorously as he said , ` It 's a very special gift . That 's why I saved it for last . ' I began hopping and flapping my arms even more excited than before as I looked again into the paper sack . And there I saw a huge red toy airplane . `` Dr. Boyd has imagined , with the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and Jesus , a new historical record without witnesses that he now believes to be `` real '' and a spiritual experience of the truth . This is how the imaginative Jesus enabled Dr. Boyd to forgive his grandmother and find healing . It is the process of building a story that opposes objective reality , believing that it is inspired and therefore `` real '' and experiencing relief from the historical record that is now `` unreal '' so that forgiveness is possible . He states on page 123 , `` It is crucial to note , however , that forgiveness usually comes at the end of the healing process -LRB- i.e. imagined story believed as true -RRB- , not at the beginning.Scriptures tell us of a different path to forgiveness which does n't consist of my creating inspired `` subjective reality . '' When I realize that I am utterly sinful and undeserving , with a monumental debt towards God I am incapable of paying , destined to damnation - and God comes and dies for me and forgives my mountainous debt and gives me eternal life instead , the antithesis of anything I deserved or merited - the gratitude that whelms up in my heart and mind at this realization enables me to forgive the puny debts that grandmothers owe to me . This is the gospel . This does n't require spirits to create freestyle historical records so I can forgive . It simply believes in the work that God , as a tangible man , did for me on the cross . This is where we find the true and real power to forgive , in objective history that was seen by witnesses and written down for us to read and understand .
 This book is a most unfortunate undertaking , unless you like : ` projection-praying ' & visualization techniques a la New Ageusing human imagination vs. divine mediation in prayerconversing more than communingreceiving from God more than giving -LRB- Jesus said , It is more blessed to give than receive ! -RRB- mysticism over modest humility before the Mystery of His Presenceworldly approach rather than heavenly perspectiveLight-years better books to bless your prayer life includePrayer of Jesus by Hank Hanegraaff , Prayer Matrix by David Jeremiah , or just reading the Psalms which are inspired prayers.This book is a poor substitute for using the Bible 's own prayers by Jesus , Moses , Daniel , David , Paul and praying Scripture back to the Lord to please Him most.Book most definitely NOT recommended .
 One thing that strikes the reader page after page is the fact that the notion of imaginative or ` mental imagery ' sort of praying is not found in any prayers of the Bible . But visualization techniques are popular in paganism.You need to discerningly decide if you want to pray like Jesus and Paul and David and Hannah , or like mystical shaman , sherpas and shenanigansters.Please read your Bibles closely and ask your pastor if what is promoted in this book is Christian or charlatan .
 I saw this book on the Goodwill shelf for a buck and was drawn like a moth to flame . My prayer life has been dry lately and I was looking for some Bible insight to reconnect with the Lord . Suffice to say this book had lots of inner-sight but little properly-interpreted Bible.No sooner had I finished the book than I got out my NKJV , NASB , and NIV to check out the verses cited . I was truly amazed that a mega-church pastor , former theology prof & PhD published author could get his exegesis so wrong so consistently.The book seems a rambling , repetitive excursus on one excerpted text sequence
 I just finished the book . I was struck with how extra-Biblical it was . I did n't see Mr. Boyd use Moses or Hannah or David or Jacob or Samuel or Daniel or Jeremiah or Mary or Paul or Jesus Himself as role models of how best to pray . He chooses people and techniques beyond-the-Bible as the most effective praying to REALLY EXPERIENCE God.Just because something `` seems to work '' , `` feels so right '' , `` suits different people 's personal preferences '' is no justification to depart from the way Jesus and Scripture teach us to pray to the Father . The writer gives the sad impression that the Bible is deficient and insufficient to teach the Lord 's people on praying . We need Agnes Sanford 's inner teachings and other mystical misunderstandings from Roman Catholic Jesuits and New Age practitioners to `` heal our pasts '' . So long as it `` works for me '' then let me be . Live and let live . Do n't criticize.True love shows concern when brothers & sisters go astray , especially with important Bible truths . True compassion speaks truth in love . In heaven when we 're all perfect , it wo n't matter . But here on earth when we 're all IMperfect , it DOES matter . Straying sheep led by straying shepherds need more than prayer , but to be brought back to the truth of Scripture , the arms of Jesus , back to the flock and away from the wolves.Please pray for those who imagine this book is in agreement with the Bible when in fact it departs outside the Word of God . Pursue its popularist practitionings at your own peril . Do n't say you have n't been lovingly warned of what Paul himself urged
 I am a long-time admirer of Malamud . In my view , `` The Assistant '' and `` The Natural '' are two of the outstanding novels of the 20th Century . I can still recall my gratification upon finishing `` The Magic Barrel . `` In the case of first-time exposure to a book , play , or movie , I believe that expectation frequently colors reaction . Given my experience with Malamud , I began to read `` A New Life
 I believe I ordered this for my daughter some time ago . It was never reviewed because she was unhappy with it . I think she was disappointed in the content .
 I have nothing against religion , but I was very surprised to see that a large portion of this book is a fictional account of Joseph writing about fathering Jesus . Yes , there are probably good lessons to be learned here , but I could n't get past the religious aspects of the writing to see them .
 I read this book while doing research for a -LRB- yet unpublished -RRB- novel on cloning , and incorporated part of this peculiar bit of publishing history into my book . Rorvik purportedly was asked to make connections between an anonymous rich American and a nameless geneticist who would help the rich man to clone himself . The scientist/doctor would set up a clinic in an unnamed Southeast Asian country and use young girls who came as patients to the clinic as possible incubators . Rorvik 's role was also , according to him , to make sure that this experiment was conducted ethically , under his eagle eye . Apparently using uneducated , uninformed , and unconsenting virgins did not present a moral or ethical problem to him or anyone else ; the girls were poor , after all . Rorvik was -LRB- and apparently still is -RRB- a professional science writer , and Lippincott published this book as-is , seemingly without doing any fact checking . It was pretty controversial when it came out , both because of the editorial laxness of this respected publishing house and because of the story 's improbability - though generally not because of its ethical shakiness . The science journal reviews when the book came out denied that human cloning was possible -LRB- though they tended to hedge just a little bit , with good reason , as we now know -RRB- . Whether factual or not , this book demonstrates , apparently unwittingly , just why human cloning is a bad idea . It 's just another way that rich people can buy poor people .
 To paraphrase Kelley , `` Without Napoleon , the armies were merely a mob . '' Kelley 's thesis that `` followers '' are critical to the success of `` leaders '' is obvious enough to not need much discussion . However , for reasons only known to him -LRB- since he does n't reveal any in this book -RRB- , he seems able to support his positon only by demeaning `` leadership . `` Yet , it is obvious that he lacks a fundamental understanding of both followership and leadership . His effort to separate the two and then argue that followers are superior to leaders fails to account for the true relationship
 It seems that the authors put things in this book only to make the book thicker . There are chapters like
 As a recently retired NCIS Special Agent , I started to read this book with much interest hoping for an accurate description of NCIS , its mission , and capabilities . Unfortunately , by the second chapter the inaccuracies were such that it totally destroyed any further hope I had for the book.From the start , it should be noted that NCIS is a civilian federal law enforcement agency responsible for conducting felony criminal investigations specifically involving the Department of the Navy -LRB- U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps -RRB- and the United States , in general . Its Director and senior management are members of the Senior Executive Service -LRB- SES -RRB- and the Special Agent corps are Federal Criminal Investigators -LRB- GS-1811 -RRB- , with the same authority as the FBI , U.S. Customs Service , ATF , U.S. Secret Service , etc. . While there is a small cadre of USN Intelligence Officers and USMC Criminal Investigators and Counterintelligence personnel assigned to NCIS , they are subordinate to the civilian law enforcement personnel . The Director , NCIS reports to the Secretary of the Navy -LRB- SECNAV -RRB- . The books primary character/investigator , CDR Will Coburn is a former aircraft carrier Commanding Officer , something that would never occur in reality . First , aircraft carrier COs are O-6 - Captains , not Commanders -LRB- O-5 -RRB- and generally on the road to Admiral . In no way are they eligible nor would they take such a position as a NCIS Special Agent . A carrier CO 's age would preclude him/her being accepted to the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center -LRB- FLETC -RRB- - a prerequisite to becoming a 1811 . Also , within the USN hierarchy an assignment as a NCIS Special Agent is not career enhancing.A second major inaccuracy is the fact that NCIS takes over a crime scene out in the local jurisdiction under the notion that NCIS has primacy over all criminal cases involving USN/USMC personnel . In actuality , NIS/NCIS has joint jurisdiction and routinely works with local authorities providing investigative and technical assistance when requested . However , it is not uncommon for local jurisdictions to turn over cases to NCIS particularly when both the subject and victim are military or there is specific federal interest in prosecution . NCIS prides itself on how well they work with local jurisdictions , one reason being a significant number of NCIS Special Agents were recruited from local law enforcement and pride themselves in the relationships they are able to establish and maintain with local law enforcement ... NCIS is probably better at this than any other federal criminal investigative agency.Additionally , it should be noted the requirements to become a NCIS Special Agent . At a minimum , Special Agent candidate must possess a Bachelor 's Degree , pass an appropriate physical exam , and be able to possess a minimum of a Top Secret security clearance . NCIS does recruit heavily from the law enforcement and military officer community and also look for college graduates possessing specific language capabilities , area studies , and/or academic backgrounds . Upon hiring they must then complete the FLETC and a special NCIS `` add-on '' . NCIS personnel do not/not attend USN `` boot camp '' . I realize this book is a work of fiction and while I have no real problem with the plot and its execution , its description of NCIS is so inaccurate I could not make it through the book nor can I recommend it .
 This book is unrealistic ... if you have a military/law enforcement background it will disgust you . `` Special Agents '' running around with 2 pistols out shooting gangster style haha
 I love fiction but am not fond of fantasy and characters who exercise unrealistically poor common sense . This was obvious when the main character did not notify the proper chain of command after he theorized correctly that a terrorist-lead , nuclear-missile armed ship is headed straight toward them . After the initial meeting with the sub 's Captain -LRB- not the Commander -RRB- who sends an arrest team after a culprit , he never issues orders to protect his crew or sub . Another poor decision was made to surface the sub to send a message about a new murder not about the nuclear missile threat . This made the sub a sitting-duck waiting to be attacked . What sub Captain or Commander would make dumb decisions like this ? Even after the torpedos hit , the NCIS team ask each other what is happening . The whole book was strange . I felt no real attachment to any of the characters . But I 'm very glad our real life military functions better than this !
 I started to order all three books in the series and I am glad I decided to read the lead off book first . As a Navy and USMC Vet I can see errors in this book that amazed me . The US Navy has never given regular command of major combat vessel to a Commander . Command of aircraft carriers go to very senior four stripe Captains , usually the ships navagator is also a Full Captain and the Exec Officer of the USS Kennedy would have been a four stripe captain.As a former Police Officer I can also see errors of juristiction . The NCIS may have full juristiction on a Military Base but their authority does not extend beyond those limits . An off base Homicide investigation would still fall under the juristiction of the local authorites . Those authoraties might or might not agree to NCIS participatation but they would not relenquish the entire case . I also resent the implication that the Wilmington Homicide investigator was a fat moron .
 I did n't get far because the religious references and the bible thumping were too much for me . This should be labeled as religious fiction . If it had been , I would n't have wasted my time .
 The religious themes in the book distracted from the story ... i found myself skipping several passages that were totally irrelevant to the rest of the book . The parts with religious undertones also did n't fit with the rest of the writing . They seemed forced , as though the writer inserted them as an afterthought . I wish I had known about the religious undertones of this book . I would n't have read it if I had known they would be so prevalent and poorly written.Even not being military myself , I spotted several errors that were confirmed by other reviewers , such as the `` commander '' of an aircraft carrier becoming an NCIS investigator . That makes no sense . I do n't think these factual errors were so awful that the average person would not be able to read the book because of them , but they definitely should have been better researched . If you are going to write a book about something that is loosely based on actual organizations , then I feel you should know how those organizations work and what they do .
 The death of NCIS agent bring Will Coburn and his team to an empty apartment in Wilmington . But the death of a fellow agent is the beginning of events that will lead the team from the United States , Japan to Korea , where a solider is invovled in things that could decided the fate of the world . As Will and his team deal with this crisis they are also dealing with their own problems that may make them lose focus and put the whole world in danger . `` Paid in Blood '' is the first book in the `` NCIS '' series by Mel Odom . I have to admit the reason that I picked up this book is that I am fan of the series and while I knew that I was n't going to be seeing Gibbs & Co , I did expect that the writer could get some of the details on how NCIS works . This really bugged and kind of turned me off to the whole book and I was glad that I only bought the first book and not the whole series as I planned . If you are looking a book with a decent read then `` Paid in Blood '' maybe for you , but if looking for a book that will tell you about how NCIS works , then you want to pass on this book .
 I think it was a very good story , but it was not read well . How did the story end ? I think I would have enjoyed the story more had I read it and not listened to it .
 I 've only read about a quarter of the book and I 'm giving up on it . The author did n't do any real research apparently . The NCIS stuff is a joke . An aircraft carrier commander becoming a NCIS commander . Talk about a demotion . And then having civilian defendants represented by military lawyers and going to `` military court '' . I was trying to live with these inaccuracies , but it just kept getting worse.Two of the characters are `` professional '' agents , but they carry two full sized handguns and use them like a gunfighter in the old west . Come on ! Then the author has AK-47 assault rifles firing 5.56 mm cartridges . I gave up . I like my stories to have accurate details . This book does not .
 It was n't a great book by any means . Simple writing style where the author felt he needed to tell us that he knows a lot , instead of limiting his knowledge to pertinent plot points . Also , the religious aspect of it is contrived and heavy-handed .
 The main description of this book says nothing about the content being riddled with messages of faith and religion . This is no murder mystery , it is a Jehova 's Witness on your doorstep.Don ' t open the door , or the book.They need a rating for ZERO stars . I was forced to select one star , and this book is not deserving .
 I really hate when a writer true to write a military based book with little to no research , he could n't even get the ranks right .
 While I found the plot entertaining , the characters were undeveloped , cardboard . The random religious references seemed contrived and out of place .
 Do n't believe the book 's cover . The reference is not even a quarter complete . Many ActiveX controls are missing . Where are the references for the database ? Why include Usercontrol references in the book when even the Winsock control is not covered ? The source code examples in the CD are next to useless . Why call this book the # 1 Definitive Master reference ???? I want my money back .
 I wish I had followed Everett Logan 's advice and skipped this cassette . You can tell that the material itself is great , but the narrator is terrible , terrible , terrible . He dumbs down the text . I bought this to give to someone recuperating from surgery , but decided to listen to it myself first . I 'm glad I did -- I would have been embarrassed to give this to anyone .
 I am reviewing the audio version of the book . I would give this zero stars if I could , only because of the narration . As usualy , Dave Barry is very funny , but it does n't come through in this version because it 's impossible to get past the narrator 's reading . In a word , he is AWFUL . He sounds like a combination between a bad Paul Harvey impersonator and the adult voice of Ralphie in `` A Christmas Story . '' His timing and inflection are totally wrong for the material and he completely ruins the whole book . I could n't get through one of the five CDs before I wanted to throw the thing out the window . It would have been great if they had used someone like Harry Anderson -LRB- who played a fictionalized version of Dave on TV a few years ago -RRB- to read this , and then perhaps Barry 's humor would have come through . If you like Dave Barry , skip the audio book and read the paper version .
 If you want this book , buy the Ignatius Critical Edition -LRB- also available through Amazon -RRB- , which is sized and typeset like a normal book -LRB- and has helpful footnotes for Latin expressions , etc. , too -RRB- . This book is the size of an 81/2 x 11 sheet and was typeset like a college paper on an old typewriter . It does NOT look like the pages on the Look Inside feature on the Amazon page . To make things worse , the ink is faint , and I found this edition almost unreadable.Search for the Ignatius Critical Edition for the same price . Do n't waste your money on this one like I did !
 Are you studying and working in the area of developmental biology of animals ? Then maybe this book is ok for you . Are you an undergraduate student in a Biology department that just wants to be introduced to the essentials of Developmental Biology ? Then this book maybe is not for you!I 've got this book in order to be introduced in what we describe as developmental biology . My previous knowledge was mostly -LRB- but not least -RRB- on the areas of Cellular Biology , Molecular Biology , Biochemistry , Genetics , Microbiology , Chemistry , Botany , Human Physiology and other scientific areas that an undergraduate student is being exposed to . There was a subject about Essentials of Developmental Biology in my Biology Department . BUT
 If you have more than 10 minutes Net experience and say , ooh , 3 minutes of coding html you can skip the first 200 or so pages . If you have a couple of days of Linux under your belt , you 'll find that most of the remaining content can be found in the relevant man pages.If you 're about to join the Linux club you should note that the author used the Caldera distro , and he assumes you will too . So do n't install RH/SuSE/whatever and expect to find his admin menu ! He also assumes you 'll have enough knowledge to fill in the gaps where he was obviously getting bored writing the book.Sysadmin 's should not look here.Also includes one of those completely out of date CDs . Why oh why ?
 The examples in the book regarding SSI do not indicate double quotes '' around the commands . If you 're not familiar with this -LRB- like I was n't -RRB- you 'll probably end up banging your head against the wall for weeks trying to figure out why SSI does n't work .
 Suck ! Yes it was really suck . If you want step by step instructions , you are better off buying other book . The CD-ROM was really really lousy because they have so little driver listing . I have installed RedHat Linux before , and it worked great with all software drivers available in their presented option -LRB- I tested this Caldera version because it offered 500MB disk space rather than 2Gbyte like RedHat . -RRB- I have all brandname hardware device and yet this Caldera does not have software driver for me to install . Ex
 for a first time learner of the japanese language this book was NOT very helpful . I do n't understand why it had such high reviews ... I am now off to the bookstore to hopefully find something that will actually help me .
 Based on the other glowing reviews , I expected something a lot more substantial . Also , particularly in the early chapters , every paragraph -LRB- sometimes it seems every sentence -RRB- has a snide and gratuitous shot at Win98 and at Microsoft in general . If you hate Microsoft , you 'll be saying `` amen '' after each and every one . If you do n't , it just wears really thin , really fast . -LRB- My advice is , if you hate Microsoft that badly anyway , go get Linux or Free BSD , and do n't waste money on this or any other Win98 books . -RRB- Mostly it just seemed sophomoric . The book is not totally worthless . While the tips and tricks it contains have all been covered elsewhere -LRB- PC Magazine , for one -RRB- , it can be handy to have them collected in one lump . Many of the tips , though , are very disappointing . Do n't like the number of warning boxes you have to dismiss when deleting a directory full of files ? The only way to really avoid it is to use the DOS delete command . I do n't regard it as a useful tip on how to make Win98 work better , to be told `` if you do n't like Win98 use DOS '' . You get the picture .
 I get the `` Best American '' series to stay current with what some of our best writers are saying , but this year 's editor has led me down the garden path.At least 50 % of the articles dwell on environmental or social causes . Yes , I suppose the writers had to travel somewhere to get their data , but their essays are not about travel ; rather , they are about causes.I will hope that , for 2004 , the series publishers get a handle on things and place social essays in the `` Best American Essays ... '' collection and reserve the Travel volume for just that .
 This book is filled largely with the type of article you 'd read part of while waiting in the doctor 's office , and never lament not being able to finish it -LRB- or even recall you had started it -RRB- . Though there are certainly a few gems , I found so many of the stories boring , meandering , droll . The couple that are meant to be humorous are altogether unfunny . And almost NONE of them is actually about travel.Skip this book . If you want a collection of stories resplendent with what it is that calles to a traveller 's soul , try Wanderlust from the editors of Salon.com .
 It was over priced and poorly written.The plot was underdeveloped and the characters were predictable.The historical language was forced and awkward.The dialog and characters thoughts were constantly repeated .
 As stated by a previous reviewer , this novel started off good but slowly got wallowed down by miscommunication . I felt that there was enough outside conflict to take away the problems with the main characters ' inability to talk about their feelings . After awhile , it became so emotionally draining to read about how miserable they were when all they would have to do is talk to each other ! I have read other authors who have also used this ploy but it was drawn out for so long that it got tiresome . I have found this theme to be repeated in her novel His Lady Mistress as well .
 Harriet Klausner summarized the plot so I wo n't do that here , but her 5-star review is way off . I will say this novel had such a nice beginning . A spirited and independent heroine , and a masculine but not overly domineering hero who was attracted to the heroine without really wanting to be . Well , all that burnt out real quick , and the heroine somehow became timid , and easily led into stupid situations , while the hero became thick-headed and unreasonable.I do n't like novels where it 's obvious that just a simple conversation between the two main characters will clear the air and resolve their differences -- and they never have that conversation until the last five pages of the book . -LRB- Sigh . -RRB- This is not a horribly bad story , and it 's not badly written , but I got more and more annoyed with the plot and with the characters as I read on . I just think Ms. Rolls is capable of much better storytelling than this .
 I LOVED the original `` Code of the Lifemaker '' so long ago , but 20 years later , I found this sequel to be nothing short of appalling , bad in ways that suggest Hogan has no respect either for his audience or even himself.While the original showed a wonderful imagination , it was grounded in both real science and the way real people behave . The sequel , on the other hand , is grounded in neither , and reads more like Internet fan fiction or an entry in some sort of `` bad science fiction '' contest . When I read the paragraph where Hogan described the notebook of `` correct opinion '' the evil media elites distribute to newsrooms as part of the vast , sinister media conspiracy -LRB- literally -RRB- , I had to re-read the paragraph several times , since I did n't want to believe something so comically stupid could have been written by someone who once seemed destined to be one of the great science fiction writers.Nope , he did write it . And into the garbage went this book.If you 're looking for wonder and imagination set in Saturn 's orbit , check out John Varley 's Gaea trilogy instead , and stay well away from `` The Immortality Option . ''
 If you are an XML guru , then a high-density syntax reference may be all you need . You will note that those who have given positive reviews were all reasonably accomplished in XML and happy for the reference material . However , as someone that had never even seen any XML , I found the tutorial incomprehensible . The author seems to have a terrible grasp of English , uses it sloppily , and makes errors to boot . As even those that gave a positive review seem to agree , if you want a book to learn XML give this book a wide berth .
 This is the worst XML documentation I 've run across , online or on paper . I am not a total beginner with XML , I did n't expect this book to be a tutorial , and I picked up this book because it seemed like it would get to the point quickly . At first it seemed promising because of its brevity ; then I realized that it was written very sloppily . In the Overview -LRB- chapter 1 -RRB- , the first mention of a DTD -LRB- with no explanation of what it 's an abbreviation of -RRB- , states `` XML supports but does not require DTDs '' . Great . Good thing I knew what a DTD was , because this book was n't going to tell me . Four pages later , the book tells me , `` As you have already learned , a DTD defines rules for document contents . '' Well , I sure did n't `` already learn '' it from this book ! Amazing that it references prior material that it does n't contain ! The rest of the book is more of the same . Very poor .
 If you are an XML guru , then a high-density syntax reference may be all you need . You will note that those who have given positive reviews were all reasonably accomplished in XML and happy for the reference material . However , as someone that had never even seen any XML , I found the tutorial incomprehensible . The author seems to have a terrible grasp of English , uses it sloppily , and makes errors to boot . As even those that gave a positive review seem to agree , if you want a book to learn XML give this book a wide berth .
 You would think a book entitled '' ... in Plain English '' would be about explaining a complicated subject in easily understandable terms . However , this book only gives a brief and very lame introduction to XML . Almost the entire book is a reference guide to the XML and XML related syntax . Since this information can be obtained over the Internet for free it is questionable why this book even exists -LRB- maybe that 's why they did n't name it more appropriately `` Another XML Reference Guide '' -RRB- .
 I 'm almost certain I speak both English and technical English . I definitely speak HTML and I can parse XML.So why is it that I stopped and re-read two full pages trying to determine what they were trying to say ? And came away knowing merely that I had been correct on my first pass ; no actual useful definition of the terms was given in those pages.Also , Plain English structure puts the Tutorial first rather than last ...
 The book does NOT teach anything about XML . It is just a syntax reference , that too not very handy . Complete waste of money .
 It looks like she copied the XML spec and filled in a few gaps . No real original thought . Not worth the price .
 After reading `` Core in a Nutshell '' , I could not believe the same author produced such a bad book . This book is indeed very bad . It simply does not contain enough info to pass any of the electives . I learnt it the hard way .
 O'Reilly Series are great books but unfortunately this book is not as good as it was expected.It looks like publisher was in a great rush . I think it should be throughtly revised and updated.TCP / IP which is the most important component of electives is not properly discussed .
 At least I know one thing
 I used `` MCSE core in a nutshell '' . That book helped me greatly . Then I got this one . Well , I think it was written by Mr.Moncur 's student , maybe one of the worst students . That is all I want to say about this book . BottomLine
 This book is not going to help you to pass the MCSE electives . At best , it is a very basic introduction to those topics . It is completely useless as an exam preparation guide . Its sister book is really good though .
 I was looking for some good westerns and thought this would be a good choice since Zane Grey is a well known and renounded author of westerns . I have read many a tale of the old west and the plains and this one was dull and dragging for me . Could not wait to get threw I never quit a book until finished ... but did put this one on `` fast forward '' with it and dropped it off my kindle as I have no interest in spending time with it again . For a better accounting of Plainsman stories try the autobiograhpy of Col William Cody . While we know he had a gift for embellishing the truth , at least it is an interesting story to read .
 A Barry fan does not have much reading material to choose from when it comes to reading about him . However , this offers a look at Barry from the start to 1985 ... pre - `` Copacabana
 Disclaimer - I have not read these books . However , according to Microsoft 's web page , the exams listed in the `` Buying Info '' section for this guide are the old NT4 exams , not the current MCSE Windows 2000 exams which are all in the 70-2XX range . I recommend not getting this book if you are looking for the exams you can take now , since the old ones are probably discontinued . The price is too low to be a real set of guides for the current exams .
 The `` Chapters '' in this book range from 1 paragraph to a few pages . The story follows no logical sequence . Author talks about how he drives while drinking beer with his buddies , slaughters pet rabbits for meat and tells his kids they `` ran away '' , ran over his kitty accidently with his car , and relates some experiences in passing from the fire department . I felt it was an insult to professional fire service personnel . I would prefer that Mr. Brown not be one of the responders if I needed help , unless no other units were available . This book was a complete waste of money .
 I absolutely HATED this book . Not because it was unbearably boring and seemed to be written by a 5th grader , but because of the blatant animal cruelty . I guess I can not speak for everyone , but I do not enjoy reading about stalking and slaughtering deer , raising rabbits from babies and then slaughtering them , writing about dead kittens and running over them with his car , and reading about how his `` beloved '' -LRB- and I use the term very loosely -RRB- family dog was killed in a dog fight . Not only was the dog killed in the dog fight , it had been in a fight previously and this moron did n't bother to take the dog to the vet , even though it could barely stand up and had injuries to his throat . I bought this book expecting it to be about a fireman and his firehouse . It barely touched on that subject . This book was very disappointed as well as horrifying . If you want to read about the workings of firemen and the firehouse , do n't bother . If you want to read about slaughtering animal , this is it . Too bad I had to even give it one star - deserves negative 5 .
 Only 20 % of this book is related to the fire service and it is adequately written at best . The rest is a rambling bore . Akin to a teenager 's journal , it is witless , slipshod prose about the author 's pets , drunk driving , raising rabbits , hunting , fishing , and the like . Mind you , I would be delighted to read about firefighter 's off-duty life if it was interesting and well-written . This is neither .
 I do n't know how this book ever got published . It was a rudderless account of unrelated stories about nothing . Many stories revolved around actions you probably warned your kids never to try ... and Mr. Brown seemed to be pretty proud of that .
 It certainly is n't about firefighting . It 's more about man 's inhumanity to animals and the careless ways in which we treat them . If you care anything about animals this book will break your heart .
 This author in no Dennis Smith . I had expected that a majority of the book would involve the author 's professional life and his experiences . What I got was a tiresome narrative mainly about his personal life . Who really cares that he had a deer in his gunsight , thinking `` This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen . '' , before he kills it . Or all the time he spends drinking beer . There 's more but I prefer to just forget the whole regretable experience .
 I thought this author would share his experiences of life as a firefighter ; I thought wrong . He shares more about his dog not being able to produce puppies than he does about the various accidents and fires he has been a part of . I was shocked by how much he digresses , over and over again he talks about animals which have absolutely nothing to do with firefighting or even his life ! The author has written a book that will put the most astute reader to sleep . I wish it had been a bit more interesting , but alas , it was not .
 As a professional firefighter I have read many books on firefighting - both fictional and true accounts . `` On Fire '' is a waste of time and money . Mr. Brown is a poor representative of the typical firefighter . He lacks the pride associated with this profession - both on and off duty . After putting this book aside , I remember only things such as Mr. Brown 's drinking , home life activities , and his poor writing style . Your time -LRB- and money -RRB- are better spent reading `` Report From Engine Co. 82 '' by Dennis Smith .
 As a lover of Southern fiction -LRB- Faulkner , O'Connnor , Styron , etc -RRB- , I just do n't get the praise for Larry Brown . To me , he writes like an imbecile . I do not exagerrate
 It 's obvious the reviewer before me was making a normal male statement of liking this Manga , but if your looking for hot Bishi 's , men in action or whatnot , go some where else.I bought this Manga thinking it 's be a good addition to my collection . Usually a Yaoi Fan -LRB- Bishonen too -RRB- by nature I actually took a strange liking to the Heat Guy J Anime . So buying the Manga was the next best thing -LRB- I thought -RRB- and let me tell you , I was COMPLETELY wrong.The Manga is NOTHING like the Anime.For a start all it contains is Hentai and Ecchi elements -LRB- and not the good kind ! -RRB- it features alot of pictures of panty shots , g-string shots , boob shots of random girls in underwear , bikinis , you name it and overall could put a monkey off.There was only one shot of J in a speedo and that was it for Fanservice for the Girls who liked the series . It was a dull read and disguisting to look at.I suggest unless you like the above mentioned , do n't pick it up . Not for Fans of the Anime . More toward Hentai freaks .
 It was hard for me to get interested in this book . I was bored with it and really did n't want to finish it , but since our school requires our students to read it , I needed to read it so I would know more about the book . If I had been given a choice about what book to use to teach reading skills , I would have chosen a different one .
 Mr. Popper 's Penguins is a good book for some people , but it was n't quite then right book for me . However , it would be a good read-aloud book . It was very interesting . It had lots of details . You have to have a lot of imagination to make this book good.This book is about 12 penguins , Mr. And Mrs. Popper and their children , Janie and Bill . They become famous by doing performances all over the world . It is kind of a long book . Sometimes the details get a little old . I would only read it again if I had to . So , it was n't too interesting to me , but others like it a lot . I 'm looking forward to watching the movie ; I 'm hoping it 's better than the book !
 Without reading it first , I chose this book to be part of my son 's summer book club , because I thought it would be fun for the kids to read the book and then go see the movie . I read the book on the way to and from a SF Giant 's game -LRB- Go Giants ! -RRB- and was extremely disappointed . The story was dry and lacking in character development . The book zipped through events with very little detail . I honestly think that if this book were submitted to a publisher now , that it would be rejected . It 's a cute idea for a book , but the writing was not what I expected for a story that was made into a movie and praised so highly by so many people .
 i read 1/2 of this one aloud to my kids -LRB- 7 and 10 -RRB- . it really did n't capture their interst so i finished the second half without them . cute story . i enjoyed the antics of the penguins .
 I remember someones parent reading at my classroom . It never held any of the kid 's attention , nor the parent 's . At first the kids would be quiet hoping it would be great , but then 1 Chapter through they got restless asd started talking . It was only because the book was n't good . I had to agree that the book is dull , boring , and the plot just is n't written well . I know this is fiction and all , I LOVE fiction and fantasy , but this just did n't make any sense . The idea was good , but it was just written out of order , cluttered , and dull . Maybe an adult MIGHT like this , but kids , NO WAY . Do n't get this book .
 In the Atwater 's dated but daft story an average family inStillwater achieves national notoriety thanks to their unsual pets
 Unfortunately , when the books arrived , a couple were not in the best of shape . Mr. Poppers Penguins pages in the middle of the book started falling out . My granddaughter was a little upset . I told her I will get her another .
 For those of you who revolve around action , adventure , humor , drama , horror , fantasy , the future , and woe , then this is defenitly not the book for you.Mr . Poppers Penguins by Richard and Florence Atwater expressess how a man is given a penguin from the Antarctic , and how he ends up having eleven more and teaches them how to perform tricks to make money for his family . To start Captain Drake - an antarctic explorer-sends Mr. Popper a penguin , Captain Cook . They build an icebox for him and he tidies up their house . After about a monthe or so , Captain Cook starts to get lonely , so Mr. Popper gets him another penguin from acquarium named Greta , and they have ten more penguins ! They named the penguins
 I do n't know what these other people are reading , but it sure is n't this book . The wording in this book contains a lot of mistakes and if you do n't have intermediate skills in the program , you will have a hard time understanding it . Secondly , some of the examples are very cheezy . I was expecting some really cool stuff , but that 's not what I found . They 're just intermediate how to 's that do n't impress me . Maybe I was looking for something different and bought the wrong book . I only bought this book because of the other reviews . Should n't have trusted them . Finally , the disc in my book is missing the entire chapter 3 samples . I ca n't do any of the tutorials . Someone needs to teach these people more coherent writing skills .
 I expected to find , at least , nutritional suggestions , examples of `` mental exercises '' one can perform , etc. . The authors get your attention with the title , and then -LSB- ruin -RSB- your expectations because the content is , quite simply , useless . It 's fluff and `` feel good '' material -LRB- `` you 're only as intelligent as you are effective ! that 's all that matters ! '' -RRB- and should be avoided by a person who 's serious about improving their brain .
 `` Idiots Guide to Improving your IQ '' from Alpha Books is misleading , deceptive , and useless at best in improving your IQ . For example , the author begins by manipulating throughout the whole book the definition of IQ into EQ -LRB- `` Effective Intelligence '' -RRB- , making the title very misleading . By doing this , the content is nothing about improving your intellectuality , but rather your effectiveness . Also , the author 's twisted view of IQ thus leads his motives of improving your intelligence into improving your efficiency . Moreover , this book is very deceptive . Instead of explaining intelligence , it goes into the anatomy of the brain and the body . This is incredibly boring , and has nothing to do with improving your intellectuality . Furthermore , this book is useless in improving your IQ . Since it focuses RARELY about intellectuality , and only efficiency , strategies , and anatomy , the reader never improves his or hers IQ . This book would be better titled , `` Efficiency in the Workplace , '' or , `` 300 Pages of ` Nothing That Will Improve Your IQ ' . '' In summary , this book is misleading , deceptive , and useless at improving your IQ . There are a few -LRB- VERY , VERY FEW -RRB- , good points . It talks a little about how to sit for a positive `` aura , '' and negative/positive communication . Nothing about intelligence , but that 's still interesting . Those were the only chapters though that 's a little entertaining , but even those chapters were written in simple sentences , and explained as though one was in the first grade . I would recommend this book for people looking for a book titled `` Idiots Guide to Effective Work . '' Do n't buy this if you 're looking to improve your IQ , try a puzzle book , but PLEASE do n't make the same mistake I did .
 but I made the mistake of reading it at the beach . On the plus side , it wo n't take much of your time . On the -LRB- far more significant -RRB- minus side , it feels both ill-conceived/tossed together and over-worked ... if that is possible . A dreadfully disappointing book
 Unfortunately , this is not her greatest book . It is possibly her worst book , in fact . Aimless & formless , it lacks the weridness that excited us all about Autobiography of Red , and instead is just dull . It feel more like a long poem that someone convinced her to turn into a book . The epigraphs by Keates are pointless , many of them not even epigraphs but mere notations , and really seem like just filler . Check out Autobiography of Red to see this Canadian at her best !
 Yes , it 's official
 At its best poetry should break your heart , while simultaneously filling it with joy . In this excremental collection Anne Carson does neither . It is truly amazing that in the highly competitive world of poetry this can get published.After reading this book you may need to read Neruda and Rumi just to get the smell out of your mind .
 My friend told me recently that after reading Men in the Off Hours she could n't even stand having the book in her house . She gave it to me and I read it immediately because I could n't immagine what would cause her , or anyone , to react so strongly and negatively to a book . I see now , I have to admit , where that distate comes from . The book is weak . It 's sense of the line is nearly nonexistent , and the story seems to have been recycled from two previous books -LRB- there are references made to her own earlier work in Plainwater and Men in the Off Hours , which I find tacky and a little self-obsessed . -RRB- On the bright side , I still have faith in Anne Carson 's work . She 's written some great poems in the past , so I know there 's talent there that can reemerge .
 Anne 's Carson 's last three books -- and most especially this last one , Beauty of the Husband -- are books of poetry for people who seem to hate poetry . The lines and forms employed are anti-poetic , the subject matters wholly engaging if you are a middle-aged-plus woman who has felt in some way at some time wronged by the world . And in this way the poetry is greatly popular . And in this way it is also garbage .
 Oy this stuff is bad . Is Anne Carson going to wind up being a fluke we all once believed in ? What 's with these last two books ?
 This book is a disjointed collection of information freely available on a number of internet sites . It has little order , logic or useful -LRB- correct -RRB- information . After reading it , it became clear the author knows absolutely nothing about computer security , and the publisher did not employ a technical editor . The book is poorly organized , the information insufficient and after reading this a novice will be wide open to attack . Misinformation can be more dangerous than complete ignorance , the scary part is that novices reading this book do n't know that they are being misinformed and may take the information as gospel . As for the author 's statement `` It is not my intention that this book offer hackers ... specific recipes that show them precisely how , step-by-step , to steal information , break security , or otherwise do damage to others . Therefore , I describe various hacking techniques in general terms but usually do not provide the explicit details of the process itself . '' There are several books that provide explicit details of hacking techniques , this is necessary and teaches people how to defend themselves against specific attacks . So the idea that the author is trying to keep dangerous information out of criminal hands is ridiculous , the author is most likely trying to avoid explaining a subject that he obviously does not understand himself.There are a number of books that do a better job of introducing the concepts of security to a beginner , avoid this one .
 This book is a disjointed collection of information freely available on a number of internet sites . It has little order , logic or useful -LRB- correct -RRB- information . After reading it , it became clear the author knows absolutely nothing about computer security , and the publisher did not employ a technical editor . The book is poorly organized , the information insufficient and after reading this a novice will be wide open to attack . Misinformation can be more dangerous than complete ignorance , the scary part is that novices reading this book do n't know that they are being misinformed and may take the information as gospel . As for the author 's statement `` It is not my intention that this book offer hackers ... specific recipes that show them precisely how , step-by-step , to steal information , break security , or otherwise do damage to others . Therefore , I describe various hacking techniques in general terms but usually do not provide the explicit details of the process itself . '' There are several books that provide explicit details of hacking techniques , this is necessary and teaches people how to defend themselves against specific attacks . So the idea that the author is trying to keep dangerous information out of criminal hands is ridiculous , the author is most likely trying to avoid explaining a subject that he obviously does not understand himself.There are a number of books that do a better job of introducing the concepts of security to a beginner , avoid this one .
 ALL THE SECURITY ISSUES THAT AFFECT YOU-CLEARLY EXPLAINED . - No way LEARN HOW ENCRYPTION CAN KEP YOUR DATA SAFE . - No way PROTECT YOURSELF FROM TODAY 's VIRUSES . - No way , better spend the money in a good antivirus SET UP A FIREWALL TO ENSURE YOUR INTERNET-CONNECTED COMPUTER . - Not even near KEEP ALL YOUR ONLINE ACTIVIT PRIVATE . - No way If you wan na spend 20 buck , buy this book , the price just worth the good cover and the CD , but the content of the book , you can find it on the internet , without burning your brain . Better buy HACKING EXPOSED , this really worth the price . Two stars just for the cover .
 I have to admit I 've not completed the book yet , and may well give up on it . The plot is potentially interesting , although the few characters that are given more than a stereotypical introduction have not featured greatly so far . My biggest criticism though is that the author 's , reasonably frequent , poor choice of words or phrases . This gives the impression that he is relying on a Thesaurus rather than an innate understanding or appreciation of the language . The opening paragraphs seemed cliched , and almost put me off before the book had had a chance to get going . Later in the text , the author has a tendency to misuse words in a way that , for me , immediately breaks the flow of the narrative . An example would be the paragraph `` But the mutation in batch C73 had decimated the sample killing everything '' . Of the many words the author could have picked for that sentence , it seems a shame he picked `` decimated '' ; a word with an interesting history and etymology , to describe killing one in every ten , but certainly not meaning to annihilate .
 The writing did not grab , captivate or entice me to continue this story . I quit about the time little Timmy 's friend Billy left the country ... There may be a lot of action later on , but too much mundane detail drove me to skimming , then quitting instead of hanging in there for the Big Finish .
 This book is no more than an apology to the German people for putting a country at war , then losing it , then setting the seeds to build a new navy and start another war.If you enjoy war history , take a pass as 80 % of the book is what 's described above .
 First off , if you are going to write this genre , then recognize that there are people out there who know weapons , know the law and know unarmed combat . This books fails in all of those details.It is not that it is poorly written , but we have your basic corrupt republican administartion interested in buying bullets and expanding the `` evil '' military . They want to keep a terrible secret from getting loose.Then there is a cold blooded assassin , who starts out good , but makes dumb mistake after dumb mistake.There is the idealistic jornalist that starts running for her life around page 200 . And the billionaire bad guys and biillionaire good guys . I 'm sure this novel appealed to the New York publishing establishment 's world view -- does the word cliche mean anything?Finally , when we have a chance for an interesting ending , the author pulls a rabbit out of the hat to make everything better.This plot was terribly predictable .
 I read a lot of thrillers , and this debut by Casey Moreton disappointed me . As a previous reviewer pointed out , there is very little in this plot that is original or suspenseful . It is instead consists of elements recycled from a lot of previous thrillers -- a corrupt President , a reformed hit-man , a father looking for his lost daughter , etc.The most problematic aspect of this book is the lack of a central character . The author keeps jumping around from person to person , changing narrative perspectives . I therefore had no idea who the `` hero '' of this novel was supposed to be . To me , it 's hard to write a good suspense novel unless you have a sympathetic central character , and there really is n't one in this novel.If you like suspense novels , I recommend reading Harlan Coben or CJ Box instead .
 If you can stand really really really bad writing -LRB- `` He swayed with every turn , his spine absorbing each anomoly the road 's surface had to offer '' -RRB- , the story is okay .
 I have n't read this book , and wo n't - jeez , this is the 21st century - just post the incriminating stuff on YouTube and nobody gets kidnapped or hunted down . C'mon , people ! 2 stars for not understanding social media and the web ! : - P
 I am disappointed that this book was sent to me via email as a new Penny Vicenzi book - it is not - I read it several years ago in fact under a different title . As we say in Australia , this is not fair dinkum !
 I usually love all of Penny 's characters and intricate plots . But this is the only one I felt was forever to get through . A lot of repetitious chapters ... seemed to drag . But I 'll be snatching up her next anyway . Still a fan !
 I 'm a big fan of Penny Vincenzi , especially her trilogy . But this novel is off the mark . Lots of characters but in the end the reader only cares about a few of them.Her lush descriptions of society London are all there , but the core of the plot was too diffuse and flawed .
 It was very helpful to find out that this is a book that was first published in 1997 . I think it is very misleading for a publisher to change the title and let readersthink this is a new book !
 I bought this thinking it was new , but it was a reissue of a book I read in 1997 . Dirty pool . I sent it back .
 As a life long fan of hers I am dismayed that she is releasing titles under different names to sell more booksThis is unethical and baffling to me -- Windfall is a good example as is her last book released under two different names about six months apartPenny -- STOP doing this -- you do yourself a huge disservice and at some point your fans will just stop readingAmazon -- it is unethical that you do not note this -- please add `` released under another name and the date of release `` We readers deserve better
 i ordered this book on june 14 , i did n't get the item till amonth later . The shipping suck . finally , i got the book after my school already start , it was too late for my class . It 's totally bad quality differ from what the seller detail . Bad Service , bad product . never buy anything from the seller again .
 The Gramaphone 2000 is radically different from its predecessors , and entirely for the worst . First , it has far fewer works than its competitor , the Penguin Guide 2000 . Also , several features from earlier Gramophone guides have been dropped . There are no longer `` alternative selections '' -- just the 2 or 3 that the Gramophone editors prefer . So , if you want to know whether a certain recording is a well regarded one , you 're out of luck unless its one of the 2 or 3 Gramophone lists . So , there 's nothing to help you differentiate most excellent recordings from the rest -LRB- and there are far more than 2-3 excellent recordings of most classical music peices -RRB- . Also , there are no `` G '' ratings . In previous editions , recordings would also be given 1 , 2 , or 3 `` G `` s in order to indicate the level of regard the authors held a good recording in . Finally , the `` Gramophone 100 '' listings are gone . As a final sad footnote , the `` beginner 's '' library can only be called a joke .
 The Gramophone Classical CD Guide in years past was a fairly comprehensive listing of classical recordings similar too , yet distinct from , the Penguin Guide -LRB- Gramophone included fewer , more comprehensive featured reviews plus additional recommendations while Penguin gave smaller reviews for all it 's listings ; still the total number of cd 's listed in each book , 5,000 - 10,000 , were comparable -RRB- . Gramophone unfortunately , as another reviewer has stated , decided to eliminate the additional recommendations -LRB- reducing the number of CD listings by at least three quarters -RRB- , and have done away with any quantitative ratings -LRB- the G 's -RRB- . The new approach , rather than being a thorough discography , is a truncated compilation of Gramophone reviews . Maybe thats what Gramophone wants . I would n't say this book has no value , it 's just far less valuable to someone trying to build and expand a classical music collection . Their reviews are excellent and that continues here , there just needs to be more -LRB- many more -RRB- cd listings , especially of the basic repetoire.What I would like is a return to the old format with one change ; a constant rotation from one year 's book to the next of the primary reviews . The same reviews -LRB- with the exception of the ` new ' ones that are less than half the total -RRB- should not be presented year after year as it is now . Recycle them . For example , rather than putting in the review of Giulini 's performance of Mozart 's Don Giovani every year , list it under additional recommendations . Put in a different , even if recycled , one -LRB- like of Furtwangler 's performance -RRB- . This will at least serve the interests of repeat -LRB- at least until now -RRB- buyers of the Guide , such as me.The current rendition leaves the field to Penguin . Gramophone now appears to be competing with Svejda -LRB- also listed on Amazon -RRB- instead . Too bad .
 The information in this book is ok . Similar to other books as other reviewers mentioned . The one thing that reallllly irked me about this book though was repetitive derogatory / unflattering comments about mother-in-laws . The first time it was funny , the second time not so much , the 3rd , 4th and 5th it was becoming rude . Not sure what the author 's mother-in-law did to her ... I finally could n't continue after `` look the other way while your mother-in-law does a lousy job of sweeping '' or `` And if mama-in-law wants to hold the baby while you get some sleep - weigh the benefits -LRB- you will be able to get some rest -RRB- and the negatives -LRB- will she insist on taking over your entire recovery ? -RRB- '' Really ???? Baby 's birth is a time of joy for the entire family and emotions can already be running high . You do n't need all this negatively put in your head which can only make things worse if they already are . And these are just two example from many other in just the first 70 or so pages ... And yes I am sensitive to crap like this ... especially when it is unnecessary and just does n't stop ...
 again , not the best book out there - i believe the best baby books out there are ` what to expect when expecting ' and other books that are writting by women with first hand expierence - if i knew this book was like this , i wouldnt have wasted my time or money
 This book is not what I was looking for . I thought will it be about the history of the Cuba before Castro and the Cuba of Now . It is not this . It is a suggestion of places to visit and how to get there . Being from Cuba , this was more like advertising the places to visit for the so few and not the people of Cuba .
 I expected much more given the title of the book . Even considering the 2008 copyright date , some information is outdated . Digital cameras ? No color photos ? Most of the information is available from other sources which should be used due to regular updating . Over 25 % of the book is devoted to citing codes , standards , listing definitions , discussion of case law , courtroom protocol , and basics . NFPA 921 , which every fire investigator should have , covers the majority of of this much better . Good discussion of potential causes from vehicle components . No real discussion of fire origin area determination though some discussion of patterns which could have been greatly expanded as to their presence on metals and should have color photographs . Decent discussion of polymers and modern vehicle propulsion systems . Dwells too much on arson , though it is an important topic ... `` Signs '' of arson can be very misleading though Mr. Barnett points out there can be innocent reasons for their presence . CD is interesting to watch , but again adds nothing new to others out there . The book jumps around in several areas which is confusing . The idea of the book is good but it would be better to have a flow from origin to cause to instruct on how to conduct a vehicle fire investigation . Overall , I was very disappointed in the book and feel that for the cost , the money could have better spent on other books out there .
 I literally found glaring inaccuracies on every page . I intend to use this book in my future lectures as an example of the JUNK that is available on the market . I am angry that I paid full retail , a bit , but I really wonder how this got published . In fairness , there are a few items in the book that are at least good subjects to get the interested reader thinking , but it is amazing how the writer misuses terms , provides absolutely incorrect chemical information , makes statements regarding ignition of fluids and plastic components that are very wrong and clearly lack a foundation of the testing that he describes as important . The very worst thing about this book is that some people who are attempting to educate themselves in this field may rely on it as a source of information that , gained in the training stages of their career , they may then use in their own investigative endeavors and even teach this inaccurate info to others . Wow . I just ca n't say enough about why no one should buy this junk . Interestingly the author makes many curious comments about young drivers and users of automobiles that tend to define his own age . He also appears not to have discovered digital photography , and apparently has no understanding that digital has long superceded film in the forensic industry . Like another reviewer , I found that much of the book consists of `` cut and paste '' material from other publications , both private and public , and much of that material is way out of date . Look up the author . Note that , although he uses the term `` engineer '' often , he is not an engineer . Even though his company uses that term in their name ! -LRB- Are you listening , California Board of Engineers ? -RRB- And although he often refers -LRB- a bit snidely -RRB- to `` fire investigators '' and `` certified fire investigators '' , he clearly is not one of those either .
 The plays are mostly in verse , but the pages are laid out like prose . Most disappointing , making this e-book useful only for searching .
 This book is useless . Anyone with 10 minutes may sit at an Apple computer and learn more hands on than the hour or two wasted reading this book . The other reviews here re
 I have read this book cover to cover -LRB- with my highlighter and pencil at the ready -RRB- and I 've never been more frustrated in all my life . I work with Word everyday and am looking to automate documents and I can make no sense out of any of it . -LRB- Of course , there is a strong possibility that I 'm stupid and in over my head - but if you think you 're going to learn to create templates and fill-in forms and learn to use If-then-else fields , etc. , well , I missed it . -RRB-
 The publisher classifies this book as a `` beginning level '' on the back cover , so it 's hard to complain that this is accurate . However , the web support for the book is gone , and downloads that it draws upon are therefore not available anymore .
 I am a Visual Basic developer and I bought this book to expand into VBA . The book provides a decent amount of explanation of many topics , but does not go into detail about any of them . Also , the code examples are brief at best and did not help me at all . After working on a project referencing this book for a few days , I was not able to get my Word document automated . I got more help from the MSDN and the Object Browser . If you already know VB , do n't bother with this book .
 This is the definitive history of the Dark Ages by a truly great historian . However , this particular edition is a photocopy of a book that appeared to have been heavily damaged , and the rip-off artists who made it ignored the fact that a number of pages were missing content and are unreadable.If you are interested in the subject matter , you can buy used for less money , and you 'll actually be able to read the book . Hopefully , Dover will come out with this .
 The Kindle edition has NO hyperlinks in the document . It gets better.When you search on the word `` chapter , '' none of the chapter beginnings are found , supposedly because the chapter heading is an IMAGE , not text.I 'll try other editions , and if needed , a download from Mobi , and report back on whether I can find a version of this book that can be used with a linked Table of Contents .
 i 've found him to repeat himself from other publications and well although i do n't remember any key points out of this book , i did n't really enjoy it . even though most of the book is nothing but compiled essays , it did n't reach me with interest as `` my life with the spirits '' did .
 Unlike other reviewers , I would not say that this is an advanced book . I found it at best to be light reading , but it did not hold my interest .
 The plot is corny and unrealistic . The characters could n't be more transparent if they were glass . Definitely a waste of time ... unless you want to get a few good laughs at the author 's unintentionally humorous style .
 I really must say that when I first looked at the four review that popped up first it was pretty obvious to me that one person is writing all of them . The same language is repeated over and over about how ` exotic ' the locations are , and about the action in the book . I could n't finish the book after starting to read it and being caught up in the unrealistic and down right hokey situations . In the first chapter there is enough cursing to please the crustiest sailor . There are editorial mistakes , grammar and comma errors which anyone with a basic understanding of the english language will find annoying . This book is not worth a drive to the library , let alone the twenty dollars and I would not recommend it to anyone . This one will serve only one good purpose , as it might be effective kindling .
 The author has written an unrealistic `` thriller '' guaranteed to make you groan -LRB- often in pain , occasionally in laughter -RRB- . `` Lust for Danger '' is filled with the kind of preachy , immature writing that one only expects from a bad B movie . Somehow , Brooks has managed to write an extremely predictable novel filled with completely unrealistic situations . The dialogue of the story is unnatural and the writing in general is like that which might be found in an exercise for a creative writing class .
 I did n't like this book because it was as true to life as advertised on the back of the book . I think agent Night 's character should learn to talk like a real person .
 I regret that I have bought this useless book . This book does not teach you OO concepts well . The title of this book is misleading.All the VB examples are not practical and can not illustrate the power of Object Oriented Programming . Some examples on the CD-ROM contain errors and some are meaningless . It also teaches ActiveX controls and components but you still do not know how to use them after you have read it.I bought it because I can not find the ` Learn to Program Objects With Visual Basic 6 ' by Active Path in HK . This is the worst VB book I have ever found in the bookshop.This book is not for beginners and advanced users too!I regret that I have paid for such a useless book .
 Despite the publisher 's claims - this is not an advanced book . I ordered it from Amazon and keenly awaited its arrival - how disappointed I was with the delivery !
 The CD 's do look like they are made from someones home . When I opened it , some of the CD 's fell out . They are not securely placed in there , making it easy for the CD 's to get scratched.More importantly is the learning process . It turned me off . The english speaking guy is so monotone and drab . He asks the spanish speaker to say this , now say that , lets learn this word now . He does n't tie anything together , I find it hard to learn and pick up on it . THE PIMSLEUR method is better . I learn so much quicker , and immediately from the beginning of the CD.It was definately a waste of my money .
 This CD set was a complete letdown . -LSB- ... -RSB- the CD case is cheap . You open it , and the CDs fall out . The CDs are clearly just made in a CD burner.What 's worse is the content . You will NOT learn Spanish through this program . I studied Spanish in college , and I know this is nowhere near a complete course . It does n't bother teaching the past tense ! You learn just the present tense and a tiny , tiny bit of the future tense.The Spanish speaker is excellent , I must say , but the English speaker -LSB- ... -RSB- will put you to sleep . He reads like a robot
 I bought this CD set to further my spanish , however when I recieved the CD 's and played them I came to a horrifying realization ! These CD 's are exactly the same as Behind the Wheel Spanish -LRB- by the same author -RRB- only with a different name stamped on the box !!!! Buyers beware ! If you own Behind the Wheel Spanish do n't buy this or vice versa ! Behind the wheel spanish is really good but this whole experience makes me cautious ... !
 I ordered this and Behind the Wheel Spanish for my husband for Christmas . Imagine our surprise when we found out that these two items are IDENTICAL , except for the titles . Even though the prices are different ! Conversational Spanish even costs more , leading you to believe the products are different . So be careful . And while the lessons are useful , the format is the same as those of taped lessons - all they did was copy the tapes to CD 's , so the instructions to rewind and play the sentance again do n't work . Also , there are long silences where the tapes wind to the end .
 The story line is incorrect . Reindeer only fly on Christmas Eve . Flying is magical so they do n't need to practice flying ahead of time . If you are really knowledgeable about Santa/North Pole/Reindeer facts , you 'll have a hard time explaining this story to children .
 This is probably the most ill-formed book in general I have ever read , not to mention the worst grow book , period . The illustrations are CHEESY.The photographs are of poor quality , you can barely discern them . The information is general , contradictory , unorganized ... I woul n't trust a thing in it , which is strange because Jorge Cervantes is a genius , and his previous publications prove his skill . But this book is a no-no . Go for another , and do n't be afraid to spend the bucks . You want climate matched with plant variety with specific feeding instructions , and plenty of do 's and dont 's . If your info is poor then your fruit will suffer .
 This book is for people that what to grow on the side of highways , riverbeds , and were people cant find them . It is not for your regular grower that grows outdoors . . It was not what I thought it was . The best book for growing , is called - `` Horticulture Indoor/Outdoor Growers Bible '' - . Same writer . That book is AWESOME !!!!!
 I tried to use this as a source for a research paper and almost threw it in the trash . I certainly ca n't imagine using it to actually construct an extranet . Do n't waste your time .
 See all those five-star reviews ? Do n't believe 'em . This book is unbelievably bad , especially the sex.No , the prose is worse than the sex.No , the sex is worse.I ca n't decide . Besides , the plot 's awful too . Your average twelve-year-old , assuming they were willing to read this thing , would be able to guess the ending two-thirds of the way through the book . And then there are all those coy misspellings . ... Anyway , unless you really get off on male fantasies -LRB- told in interminable , self-regarding prose -RRB- about anachronistically feminist 17th C. witches whose sharp-toothed nether parts -LRB- can we say vagina dentata ? -RRB- gruesomely castrate any man who , er , storms their citadel , this book is n't going to have a lot to offer you.Can I do the first sentence from memory ? I think I can : `` Little did I know , as I slipped in the birth slime between my mother 's legs , that of the three women watching , two were witches and one was a hag . `` Take that , Bulwer-Lytton ! You may by now have gotten the impression that I think this is a bad book . You may even be wondering exactly how bad it is . I shall try to tell you.I first ran into Black Body while I was working in the editorial department of a New York City publishing house . It was the kind of place that publishes robust commercial fiction without a lot of pretensions . The editors there were literary right down to their fingertips , but very practical about it.These editors , who pretty much ate , slept , and breathed books , and who on top of that had a huge amount of experience reading bad , bad slush , regarded Black Body with a kind of awe . They had an official office copy of it , which they passed hand to hand , marveling . They showed it to authors and to editors from other houses when they visited , so that they could marvel too . `` Books which are merely bad get published every year , '' they said . `` Perhaps once in a decade -- in a lifetime -- do you see a book this transcendently bad . `` And they would know.I wish to state for the record that I do n't have it in for H. C. Turk , his career , his books , or his publisher . I 've never met the man , and I would n't know him from Adam . I 'm writing this review because I honestly believe that Black Body is a remarkable book , and should be recognized as such.The lower echelons of the Amazon ratings are full of precious novels by MFAs that have lots of suspiciously worshipful five-star reviews and next to no sales . But if potential readers could be brought to understand that this book really is special , just the sort of thing to pass around at late-night readings , Black Body might start to get the kind of attention it deserves .
 I have an older Saab and decided to get a repair manual for it . This one was a major dissapointment . All electrical and vacuum diagrams are left out . Their reasoning for this is that there is too much to list . However , Chilton incorporates this information into their books on newer cars -LRB- such as the Chevy Lumina -RRB- that are far more complicated . Some of the pictures are also very vague . I found myself guessing at some of the torque specs , since I have a 16-valve engine and this is written mainly for the 8-valve . This book also tends to over-complicate some items , while over-simplifying others . I do n't recommend this book unless all you want to do is change your oil and spark plugs . Anything more complicated , and you 're better off going with the Bentley manual -LRB- if you can find one -RRB- or the offical Saab manual .
 I had to read this for a history class . It jumped around so much to different time periods that I kept loosing my place . I ended up having to reread parts several times and then I still could n't even finish the book . I ended up just giving up .
 You have to be insane to like this book ... wait ... You have to be insane to even READ this book .
 At the end of `` Knight of Shadows '' , the series had a lot of open threads -LRB- the wheel ring , Julia , Jurt etc -RRB- . Unfortunately , Mr. Zelazny chose the quick and easy way to solve it , and in a miraculous way all ends well . The superb plot and storyline of the first nine parts are not continued in this part , and the only reason for buying it , is that the Amber series is not complete without it . Alas .
 I am a huge fan of the first chronicles of Amber and have read that series several times . When Zelazny returned to writing Amber stories based on Merlin I had high hopes , but with each new book I found that the magic was slipping further and further away.In this final book it feels like Zelazny had written himself into a corner and just wanted to end it . There is no true conclusion here , only dangling plots that we will never see resolved.For the Amber completist , get it from the library and slog through it . Otherwise stick to the first five books of Corwin for that is where the true magic is held . Nothing will ever come close to the first five books and this last book is as far from that greatness as the Courts of Chaos are from Amber itself .
 I have read dozens of books in this genre . This is the worst . This book is more likley to erode wealth than protect it . Poorly organized , lots of bad advice .
 I am going to break this to potential readers gently . This is a pathetic story and a tired , frayed cliche . Do n't waste your time.Lindsay Phillips is the protagonist . Half-Navajo and half-Anglo , she chafes at being born out of wedlock and being raised by her stepmother and half sister . Her father , Jed is killed at the opening of the story and he sounded like a thorough rat . Lindsay 's mother dies at or shortly after childbirth , so Jed takes the girl to his wife to be raised with his other daughter , Sybil , 8 . Lindsay has a maternal half sister named Alice , whom we meet later in the story.Sybil is a cliche literary sociopath . Resentful of Lindsay from the outset , she torments the girl , cuts up her doll clothes -LRB- Lindsay 's interest in making doll clothes led to a career as a clothing designer in N.Y. -RRB- and throws a pair of scissors at her , narrowly missing her face . Sybil is the classic spoiled antagonist who , unlike wine , does not improve with age.Jed favors Lindsay and all but ignores Sybil . This is not good for family relationships . It is interesting that the stepmother , who has no name and is only mentioned in passing , readily accepted Lindsay and her father 's open admission of adultery . Was she a saint or a martyr ? That is never answered.Sybil is consistently described as cruel and ill tempered . She does , however , marry one Rick Adams and move to Arizona . Out of this union is a daughter named Marilla . Lindsay has had a crush on Jed since she first met him at age 17 . -LRB- She and Sybil were 8 years apart -RRB- . When Jed dies in Las Vegas after a wild , dissolute life in Arizona -LRB- Sybil and Lindsay were raised in Connecticut -RRB- , Lindsay flies to Arizona to trace her heritage . Once there , she learns from her brother-in-law that her natural mother died shortly after her birth and that she , Lindsay , was born in Arizona . Lindsay was so clueless about her own history and Rick filled in the blanks . Interestingly , Jed was Rick 's mentor . Sybil springs the news of Lindsay 's half-sister , Alice , 35 on Lindsay.Marilla , 9 keeps a safe distance from Sybil , who as we can guess by now , frowns on idealism , dreams and artist . Sybil resented Jed for rejecting her all of her life and dismisses his art as worthless . When Marilla shows artistic talent in pottery , she has to keep it a secret from the slithery Sybil.Rick and Lindsay , as one could readily predict inside of 5 minutes end up as lovers . Sybil is killed after she plans to recreate the meal and the setting where Jed was killed . The list of possible suspects is rather long as nobody was sad to see her go.Lindsay and Alice connect , Sybil is out of everyone 's way and Lindsay and Rick become the cliche couple . This was a trite story and you could n't even like the characters save for Marilla and Alice .
 This book came up in the search as `` Vermillion '' by Phyllis A. Whitney . The Phyllis A. Whitney book with this title is reviewed below.I am going to break this to potential readers gently . This is a pathetic story and a tired , frayed cliche . Do n't waste your time.Lindsay Phillips is the protagonist . Half-Navajo and half-Anglo , she chafes at being born out of wedlock and being raised by her stepmother and half sister . Her father , Jed is killed at the opening of the story and he sounded like a thorough rat . Lindsay 's mother dies at or shortly after childbirth , so Jed takes the girl to his wife to be raised with his other daughter , Sybil . Lindsay has a maternal half sister named Alice , whom we meet later in the story.Sybil is a cliche literary sociopath . Resentful of Lindsay from the outset , she torments the girl , cuts up her doll clothes -LRB- Lindsay 's interest in making doll clothes led to a career as a clothing designer in N.Y. -RRB- and throws a pair of scissors at her , narrowly missing her face . Sybil is the classic spoiled antagonist who , unlike wine , does not improve with age.Jed favors Lindsay and all but ignores Sybil . This is not good for family relationships . It is interesting that the stepmother , who has no name and is only mentioned in passing , readily accepted Lindsay and her father 's open admission of adultery . Was she a saint or a martyr ? That is never answered.Sybil is consistently described as cruel and ill tempered . She does , however , marry one Rick Adams and move to Arizona . Out of this union is a daughter named Marilla . Lindsay has had a crush on Jed since she first met him at age 17 . -LRB- She and Sybil were 8 years apart -RRB- . When Jed dies after a wild life in Arizona -LRB- Sybil and Lindsay were raised in Connecticut -RRB- , Lindsay flies to Arizona to trace her heritage . Once there , she learns from her brother-in-law that her natural mother died shortly after her birth and that she , Lindsay , was born in Arizona . Lindsay was so clueless about her own history and Rick filled in the blanks . Interestingly , Jed was Rick 's mentor . Sybil springs the news of Lindsay 's half-sister , Alice on Lindsay.Marilla keeps a safe distance from Sybil , who as we can guess by now , frowns on idealism , dreams and artist . Sybil resented Jed for rejecting her all of her life and dismisses his art as worthless . When Marilla shows artistic talent in pottery , she has to keep it a secret from the slithery Sybil.Rick and Lindsay , as one could readily predict inside of 5 minutes end up as lovers . Sybil is killed after she plans to recreate the meal and the setting where Jed was killed . The list of possible suspects is rather long as nobody was sad to see her go.Lindsay and Alice connect , Sybil is out of everyone 's way and Lindsay and Rick become the cliche couple . This was a trite story and you could n't even like the characters save for Marilla and Alice .
 While this novel was well written , I still often found myself bored silly reading it.The tale of Tarzan , Lord Greystroke , was wonderfully told and concluded within the first two novels -LRB- `` Tarzan of the Apes '' and `` The Return of Tarzan '' -RRB- ... but in all honesty , I really felt it should have ended there . A third novel -LRB- and I 'm sure the 20 or so sequels that followed this one -RRB- was not needed at all.As mentioned in the title , I found this third novel really disappointing . I stopped reading it a couple of times because I found it so tedious and dull -LRB- which was never the case with the first two novels -RRB- , and was glad it was over when I finally finished it!Honestly , the only good part about it was seeing Tarzan 's determination to save his family , and the long over-due conclusion to a particular character . Other than that ... I really felt it was a waste of my time.Which is a shame , because Mr. Rice Burroughs is quite a fine writer , and the first two books were fantastic .
 I ordered the book for my Kindle Fire . Amazon information showed that it was delivered to my Kindle Fire , but it never made it . How do I get the book on my Kindle ? I am sure the book would deserve 5 stars if I could read it .
 Not only this book is poorly written but in fact its also written in a very confusing manner . Dr. Kreinin does not provide us with adequate examples for the topic he discusses and furthermore there is not glossary in the textbook , which is crucial for the students to get some quick facts without memorizing the entire terminology used in the book . I was surprised to find this book as part of the required readings for classes at Michigan State University and Northern Michigan University . I recommend that this bok may not be used as part of the curriculum for the students . It is not helpful and its over-priced relative to its limited use .
 The author claims to be MCSD . I do n't believe that . No way you could pass 70-016 using this book . They tried to cover every aspect of the test , but there is virtually no in-depth coverage whatsoever.The other book for exam 70-015 has practically the same content . Very little new stuff.Too many times the author does not know what he is talking about . There are numerious errors , typos excluded ! For example , event sink maps are called sync maps , for God 's sake.It is definitely not worthy the money . I will never buy another book from this author or this publisher . They quickly throw in a book just trying to take advantage of the situation . I do n't believe they have the customer in mind .
 While the book does a good job of cleaning up the extraneous test details -LRB- contents of different VC + + editions , formal titles of the debugging stages -RRB- it is useless for core competenices -LRB- COM and Active X -RRB- . Here are a couple of my favorites : `` Source code is the programming code you write that makes your program actually do things '' . A review bullet ... on page 95 ! 35 pages about SourceSafe , MS 's source code control tool . 1 paragrpaph about how to use sockets -LRB- I guess networks are just a fad -RRB- . With assorted extraneous errors -LRB- ` CHttpInternetConnection is the base class for internet connections ' -RRB- and code samples that do n't work -LRB- pretty much everything from Chapter 7 `` Creating a COM component '' -RRB- this book will certainly keep you on your feet.BOTTOM LINE - Do n't depend on this book ! I learned A LOT more from ` teach yourself VC + + in 21 days ' . This book is nice if you have a lot of extra time to learn trivial VC + + details .
 I found this book to be very boring to read . I did not like it at all . Its content left little to be desired also . I disliked it so much , I returned it for a refund . I suggest Microsoft 's own `` Desktop Applications for Microsoft VC + + 6.0
 I bought this book in order to pass the exam 70-016 . First it seems to be very good , But after I did the exam I realize that the book deals only with basic . esp . the covering of the COM -LRB- there was ` nt any description of the interfaces of COM -RRB- . Do ` nt spend money on it !
 I wanted to know more about what John has to say . But , there 's no commentary , only fill in the comments yourself . I can do that with my bible . A good buy but , not what I expected .
 Little or no new information here . Basically the same good review of hardware . I wanted SMP processor info specific to Linux , or Memory optimization info or maybe RAID card analysis for servers using Linux . But unfortunately what is here is lots of `` plug and play '' info and a pargraph or two in each chapter with newbie hints . If you own a copy at all , do n't bother . The only thing Linux is the penguin on the cover . If you do not own a copy at all ... it is a good hardware manual .
 This is a great book for general computer information , as are all his books . Its low score is based on the linux content , this book is just a quick re-write of the ordinary book , for Linux users , especially new Linux users , it fails to provide enough info . It needs to discuss compatible hardware more and Linux specific setup set out in easy to follow points.A disapointing effort .
 Oakland has experienced a gruesome murder of a well-known and influential college student -- Hillary Dillard.As the investigation develops leads play out , suspects are cleared and three months after the murder , no arrest has been made . Oakland PD is at their wits ' end and they bring in a special investigator , retired Detective William Lincoln.In Lincoln 's subsequent investigation of the facts and the associated witnesses -- the Dillard family and friends of the victim , he comes up empty handed as well . The police finally reach out to a voodoo priestess in LA that begins to give them facts previously unknown to anyone outside the department.The story twists and turns as Lincoln and investigators from Oakland PD piece together the case and subsequent killings.Glen Carrington has developed some great characters and a very interesting story line in his debut novel . I must admit the novel is a bit rough in spots . The timeline is hard to follow in places and it 's a bit tough to keep track of the many characters that flow in and out of the story line.Armchair Interviews says
 Joan Aiken 's `` Fortune Hunters '' was written in the mid-1960s . It was one of her earlier novels , and it shows . It is a step back from the previous `` Silence of Herondale '' . The book centers around a convalescent magazine editor who suddenly came into money as her father was dying . She meets a number of odd characters , such as the odd neighbor ; her `` friend '' 's cousin , who is a world-famous artist with a dark secret ; a New Zealander who is an archeologist ; and a strange invalid `` child '' . The heroine is taken under the artist 's wing , and bad stuff starts to happen . Is someone out to get her ? Secrets are revealed , some ridiculous , and we get to see a bad scene with a fight between the villain and the invalid wild child . Trust me , just skip this one .
 As an funny and well-written introduction to firewalls and why they are necessary , as well as a paen to OpenBSD , this book is excellent . As a guide to building one 's own using OpenBSD , there are better methods and more up to date instructions on the web . The book 's companion website is a mess and has been under construction for months.Two things are particularly out of date . First , it seems that more effective OpenBSD firewalls are configured as `` bridges . '' This configuration is not mentioned in the book . Second , the book discusses a version of OpenBSD that is several generations old , one that was apparently arranged differently on the distribution CD . Moreover , the key piece of OpenBSD for constructing a firewall , according to instructions in the book , ipf , is apparently going to be removed from future distributions because of licensing problems . -LRB- I believe it has already been removed from the lastest OpenBSD distributions on the OpenBSD website but may remain on the 2.9 distribution CD . -RRB- Figuring out how to install and configure the latest version of ipfilter will send you on one of those time-consuming webquests . There 's no help in the book , If the website were functional and updated the book , the book 's other content -LRB- primarily background but useful background -RRB- , might make this book worthwhile . As things stand now , it is better avoided . -LRB- Try a Yahoo! search instead . -RRB-
 This book is useless to anyone able to use an internet browser . I love the style , but it disguises a useless waste of paper . Two years ago , this would have been a marvelous book . Now you 'd be better off flushing your dollars down the tube . If you connect to the internet via DSL , this book wo n't help . If you connect via a dial-up and want the latest firewall configuration , this book wo n't help . If you want to know about primitive hacker attacks or where to buy outdated OS CDs , software available in newer versions on the web , this is the book for you . -LRB- The book 's website , touted on the backcover , in the book , and on the publisher 's website , is a stupid mess . It does not contain the information the book says it contains and consists largely of empty pages linked together . Polite questions and requests to get it together go unanswered . Give it a try , and you 'll see what I mean .
 This book is completely on Continental -LRB- or European -RRB- Portuguese.At times , dialogs between Brazilians are presented but words and sentence structure is Continental , something Brazilian speakers would never say or use . Do n't get me wrong . This book is okay if your aim is to learn Continental Portuguese -LRB- 10 millions of speakers -RRB- . If you are interested in Brazilian Portuguese this book will be no use and might teach you wrong .
 Once again a course from Routledge that is all but destroyed by a very common error . No wordlists.For some reason , quite a few of the authors in the Colloquial series seem to be under the false impression that providing English translations of the dialogues is a satisfactory substitute for listing the new words . I disagree 100 % . There are no languages that can be translated word by word into English and the result of this is that you end up not knowing which words in Portuguese that corresponds to a given English word.The result of this is that you can memorize the phrases in this book like a parrot , but that wo n't get you any far and is no better than a much cheaper and more extensive phrasebook . As you 're not given the chance to learn and repeat new words , you simply wo n't be able to construct sentences on your own . This makes the book rather unhelpful for learners . Look for Teach Yourself Portuguese instead . The cover is not as nice , but the content is much better with proper word-lists in each lesson , more extensive explanations and full coverage of the differences between European and Brazilian Portuguese .
 Some of the pre produced scores have mistakes . The author goes into great detail in parts of projects and then completely ignores other points leaving the reader baffled at times . The book references frames in the score without referencing the channel they are in . The author must think points like this are obvious , but since this is a learning manual he presumes too much . In one exercise the author uses a trick to highlight sprites on the stage using a one pixel sprite as a place holder and then switching the highlighted sprites with this single place holder . The trick is in setting the registration point in strategic locations on the highlighted sprites . The author however , never explains how one can accurately set these registration points , leaving the reader quite frustrated . In a direct quote from the book `` As of this point , the sequence of frames that the movie will play at startup is 1,2,85,86,87,89,3,4 ... '' which would be fine except the sequence should include frame 88 also , and it does , which leaves the reader very confused if he does n't understand that this is just another mistake in the text . The book states that the author can be contacted through a link at the website of their publisher . I never found the link and when I sent an e-mail to the publisher I never received a reply . Compared to the last Director/Lingo instruction book I studied -LRB- Macromedia Director 6 and Lingo Authorized -RRB- this book is lame , however I am an admitted newbie , but then is n't that the point ? The feeling I got from this book is that it was n't written by a `` teacher '' but if you are intuitive and have no problem reading between the lines you 'll be O.K. -LRB- you might even learn by working through the inconsistencies -RRB- . If however , you need specific , concise instruction -LRB- like I do -RRB- this book might not be for you .
 As with most of the `` build your own '' books on the market , this one is pretty out of date . Also , the book supplies you with very little information which would help you select which components will best meet your needs and which components work best together -LRB- ie - which motherboards , video graphics boards ... -RRB- . Basically this book just explains in very breif detail how the system all works together.The most difficult thing in building your own system IMHO is deciding which components will best meet your needs and will work well together . I did not get any helpful info from this book along these lines . In fact the author does not even seem particularly knowledgeable about the subject matter in the book . I think I could have wrote a better book and I do not even consider myself a computer geek.Bottom line , I waisted my money ...
 This book was a major disappointment , but I can only blame myself for this . I looked at the star ranking , but did n't read the reviews . I should have , because it would have helped me much better after reading the reviews . I am somewhat savy , but I was disappointed by this book because it did n't talk to me on a level of what type of product -LRB- or brands -RRB- would be best for me depending on my budget . For example , besides price , what makes the difference in components I pick ? Is it speed ? Will they work better ? Some products that I buy might not work better if I buy the wrong companion component ... this book did n't tell me that.His writing leaves much to be desired . I should have never strayed from Upgrading and Repairing PC 's by Scott Mueller . I just bought ISBN 0789723034 and it 's great.Who does the author think he is giving his 1-star book 5 stars ?
 Book covers basic marketing lessons that can be fit to use in any business . Some sections go as far to tell the reader that they must pay taxes and have a business plan . This book is not for anyone with a basic understanding of a business . There are far too many spelling and grammer errors .
 While this book could potentially give business neophytes many good suggestions , the overabundance of spelling errors and lack of editing makes it hard to take seriously and shows a lack of professionalism.I found myself unable to get past the completely substandard editing and ultimately put the book on the shelf . Maybe I should just send it back ...
 While this book gives good advice in a straight-forward and honest manner , the author apparently does not follow her own advice regarding checking your work before releasing it . The book is riddled with grammar and spelling errors of all sorts . As a marketing professional myself , I find this unacceptable . The editor -LRB- s -RRB- of this book did a terrible job , lowering it 's value considerably ; it 's hard to take anything in it seriously when , within the first 9 or 10 pages , I found at least four errors , and that was only the beginning . The entire book is riddled with errors . I 'm considering returning it for this reason alone .
 This book has more than its fair share of factual errors . Double check anything you read in it .
 Clay Dancers has a good mystery which I did not guess , two suspenseful chases , and an interesting ending . However , I was often confused by what was happening , when it was happening and who was involved . There were too many characters . It also seemed as if the author were trying , unsuccessfully , to imitate the book Falling Woman by Pat Murphy -- a lonely , eccentric female archaeologist , on a quest , spirits from the past , people being killed . Dawkins attempted to develop some interesting characters -LRB- especially Hooper John -RRB- . However , the book is billed as a mystery and as a mystery it was hard to follow .
 I bought this book based on the good reviews it received here , but I was severely disapointed.Soukup claims that installingSQLServer is easy . `` I 'm proud to say that even a novice can comfortably install SQLServer in less than 10 minutes '' , he writes in the book . But nothing could be further from the truth . I 've installed databases on UNIX -LRB- Linux and SolarisX86 -RRB- and personal Oracle for Win95 , without any problems , but SQLServer stubbornly refused to install on my WinNT 4 Server . In spite of numerous problem reports Soukup does n't even mention that you might not be able to install SQLServer on your machine , let alone give you any guidance about what to do if you do have problems.In addition to these problems I found that the rest of the book is bloated with advocacy and fluff . I 've worked with one SQLServer installation that crashed several times a day . Yet there is no entry for `` reliability '' in the index.Soukup was general manager for SQLServer and this book appears to be an advocacy job instead of an attempt to address the problems that people have encountered with his `` child '' . Interestingly , he notes the frustrations that some customers have had with SQLServer , but apparently feels no obligation to try and provide fixes or a work around for them.This will be the first book that I 've been forced to return for a refund in a long time . And it definitely does not deserve the good reviews it has received .
 This book suffers from horrible editing . The book starts by repeating itself with the same information on class loaders and verifiers , then continues on to repeat itself on javakey and jarsigner . They actually appear to have copied the text from one chapter to another.Later , the book has a 26 page description on servlets and their uses . Only six pages are used to describe the security model for servlets , which , by the way , is the same model that all java programs run under , and is described in several other chapters.After continously repeating itself , the book finally settles down into insulting your intelligence . They actually tell you what to type in to compile and run each example . The book actually says `` We compile this code using the java compiler
 Relationships often define our lives , whether they are romantic , platonic , or even family relationships . More than people realize , individuals have the power to control their role in a relationship , and to direct how that relationship is going to work.In FACING OUR SKELETONS , we meet Stella a woman in constant pursuit of a knight in shining armor . She 's an intelligent , beautiful single mom and seems to have what so many women want . But she believes the hype that she needs a man to be whole and since she does not have one , it affects her self-esteem . She hungers for something that does not exist , the perfect romantic relationship.Stella experiences one bad relationship after another , accepting insensitive treatment by the men with whom she 's involved . She is so busy concentrating on pleasing others her relationship with herself suffers . Stella has no idea who she is , and until she knows herself , how can she know what she wants to give or receive in a relationship?FACING OUR SKELETONS had the potential to be a really great story , but sadly it fell short . It starts out like a novel , but slowly seems to evolve into a self-help book with Stella preaching to readers about what they should not accept in a relationship . Another issue I had while reading this book was that the book was written in first person and there seemed to be no transitional statements . For example , Stella is telling her story and then all of a sudden she is involved in a conversation with a secondary character . This was very distracting to me and took away from the story . However , I did admire Stella . She never gave up on herself no matter what . With stronger transitions and stronger editing FACING OUR SKELETONS could be a good book.Reviewed by Simone A. Hawksof The RAWSISTAZ Reviewers
 I ca n't recommend this , unless you are someone interested in the ` future ' type of books prevalent in the time period -LRB- see ` WE ' by Zemyatin , for instance -RRB- . In this case , a Fascist dictatorship is legally elected and chaos ensues . The characters are caricatures -LRB- by design -RRB- and the heroes likewise -- it ends up being an allegory like `` Vanity Fair '' or similar.That said , the writing is pretty good , and some of the ideas are interesting . Unfortunately , the Lewis ' screed becomes like John Galt 's speech at the end of Atlas Shrugged -- boring , repetitive and unrealistic .
 What everyone seems to miss in this tenditious tome is that it was based on Huey Long and was intended to derail his White House express . For a much superior roman a clef on the Kingfish , read Warren 's ALL THE KING 'S MEN -- even though it also is very loosely based on HPL 's exploits .
 I 'm not doubting the book 's importance and from the other reviews probably everyone should give this book a go but I found it way too slow . I felt like I was reading a text book .
 This is not really so much a novel as it is a tract , like William Morris ' `` News from Nowhere . '' It appeals to people who are quite pleased with themselves for sharing Lewis ' political fears . It does n't matter that the characters are cardboard cutouts and the events described happen simply because , to Lewis and his admirers , fascism develops the same way everywhere
 ... It made me want to take a shower and read Rand 's Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead all over again . Sinclair 's communist/socialist squint would not permit him to honor the captains of industry , those who actually make things , and make things go , referring to them only briefly as '' ... clever pirates ... , '' dedicated only to , '' ... government of the profits , by the profits and for the profits ... '' The only fleshed-out characters in this work were those armed with , '' ... high ideals , well-buttered words and a lot of machine guns , '' politicians and newspaper editors alike . People still somehow have to hate/punish those that can produce and create wealth.It Ca n't Happen Here seems to be such an alcohol-fueled kaleidoscope of inconsequential , tongue-in-cheek , sarcastic detail as to cause this reader to glaze over page after page at what I had just read and wonder why it was even written .
 Slow to ship , slow shipping -LRB- media mail -RRB- , over charged for slow shipping -LRB- charged more than priority shipping rate for media mail -RRB- , and book was not in as good a quality as advertised . Inside cover - first leaf has area cut/removed that is about the size of a bar code sticker . I suspect this was a library book that has been resold . No clear evidence of this as there are no stamps that say belongs to `` X '' library , but the first page is cut . This dramatically reduces the value of the book . A collector of excellent condition first editions , as this book was advertised , would not be satisfied with such undisclosed damage . The rest of the book is in good condition - but not collection quality because of damage .
 I ONLY READ THIS BOOK B/C I HAD TO FOR ONE OF MY MANY ENGLISH COURSES , AND IT WAS EXTREMLEY BORING ! MAYBE B/C I JUST IM NOT ATTRACTED TO BOOKS ABOUT POLITICS , AND IN THIS CASE FASCHISM.I 'LL GIVE LEWIS THE CREDIT FOR PREDICTING WHATS ALREADY SEEMING TO HAPPEN IN 2006 U.S.A , BUT THIS BOOK IS PRETTY DANG BORIN ' ... SORRY
 I was drawn to this book by a quote from it I had read
 I bought this book for a friend . The description says 21 archival photos . That may be in other editions of this book but what I got was the worst print on demand that I 've ever seen , with NO pictures . There 's a SPELLING error on the back cover . It 's the main character 's name . Cather spells it Niel and Wilder Pub spells it Neil . Cather has has her own way of spelling things -- practise -- for example is wrong in every book of hers that I 've read . There are others . So did she mean to mispell Niel or did the people who decided to use her work for their profit just not read the book ? Good question.NG
 oh , just what the world needs
 I worked at CMP during the time Wolff writes about . While some of what he says is true , his descriptions of people in the company is cruel and insensitive . He describes one of the best journalists in the computer industry as `` a drawf in a wheelchair '' I believe . And he belittles the founders of CMP , Gerry and Lilo Leeds , for the crime of being old . They 've accomplished more than Wolff ever could dream of . But , I suppose he has a family to feed , too , and the only way to do it is to insult , offend , draw caricatures instead of real people . One thing I will say for all the people at CMP involved in Netguide in the early days -- they were trying , and sure they made mistakes . But so what ? Everyone screws up . May Wolff be able to retire on the royalties of his book , or live off his lawyer wife . One sure thing -- ai n't nobody gon na want to be * his * business partner . Burn those bridges , Mike !
 Revenge of the Words . After reading all of the hype , buzz , and reviews about this book I had to buy it . After all , I have been in Wolff 's seat dealing with VCs , preferred stock , and critical market timing . Sadly , I found that the book is a long gossipy account of the early days of the web but very short on humor or advice for the entrepreneur . I normally grade business books by corner foldovers -LRB- to locate good advice or a pithy quote -RRB- and lol 's -LRB- laughing out loud - or lots of laughs -RRB- . This hyped book got 0 foldovers and only 2 lol 's . A good business book like `` Dilbert Zone '' or `` Liar 's Poker '' or `` Die Broke '' will get a dozen of each . When I finally finished this hyped ho-hum story , I realized that I had been had . But that was the point ! Wolff is a writer and now he has now learned how to promote . So what better path to revenge than to hype and ripoff with his mighty pen . Hence the slapdash gossip tome -LRB- with several annoying typos -RRB- to ! prove that he is now a master of timing and positioning .
 Burn Rate has the same kind of appeal as the Jerry Springer Show . Readers are only educated to the extent that they learn that it 's bad to lie , cheat , and steal , and that people who make a habit of doing these things -LRB- especially if they lack good business sense -RRB- are likely to run into difficulties . It 's nice that Wolff is able to work through his failures by writing a story in which he projects his negative feelings onto all of his peers and ex-associates . Unfortunately , the book lacks pathos , so it 's a bit less gripping than other forms of therapeutic expression . I have to admit that I was entertained by the clever caricatures of everyone Wolff lied to , swindled , and stepped on in his fruitless quest for a quick buck . But if you want to learn something useful about business or entrepreneurship , read books written by the investors and entrepreneurs who succeeded .
 I ca n't believe that Wolff would acknowledge so much about himself in a book . Burn Rate reveals Wolff 's petulant nature , and documents his downward spiral into a money-grubbing loss of integrity . His tale tries to drag everyone he met during his push for IPO down with him , making this a pathetic and depressing read .
 As a writer , Mr. Wolff certainly has the ability to tell a story . However , his definitions of `` media business '' , `` communication business '' , `` technology business '' and so on are inconsistent and problematic . No wonder he did n't know where his comany was headed .
 While I do n't know the whole story , Wolff seems to have a lot of experience , and little business smarts . Heck , from the few descriptions of his wife , SHE seems to have more business smarts . This is certainly an interesting , well-written book -LRB- he 's a writer after all , -RRB- but the fact that he drove himself to near insanity as well as bankruptcy all in the name of pure greed leaves me feeling this book has no real point other than `` How I wanted to get rich , or die tryin ! '' He described endless begging for money , which seems to be the central point of the book . You will find an interesting set of stories here , but the message is a rather shallow one if there is one at all . But then I guess that was the point of most of the internet bubble as a whole .
 As a writer , Mr. Wolff certainly has the ability to tell a story . However , his definitions of `` media business '' , `` communication business '' , `` technology business '' and so on are inconsistent and problematic . No wonder he did n't know where his comany was headed .
 Michael Wolff 's attack on the the Internet Business world is interesting , but he makes the one mistake every business person seems to make
 I struggled to force myself to finish this book in hopes that somewhere , maybe even on the last page there would be a reason for having ever purchased this book . I was wrong . I felt like the entire purpose of this book was to make others look worse than the writer , and thereby raise himself up in the process . It did n't work . The internet has only just begun , yes there were early days , but it 's a fast growing medium that , unlike any other medium , the masses can control . There are big players , there are major corporations in the game , but people still have control over what they do . Arrogant editors and writers & VCs miss the point . The medium is about people , community , tribal aspirations , connections , ideas , concepts or the simplest truth of them all ... the internet is a campfire , pure and simple enough for even this author to somehow have understood from the earliest days of his internet struggles . I enjoyed reading AOL.COM , had high hopes this book would be in that class , it was/is not .
 The book seems to spend more time on lampooning its curious cast of characters than actually explaining the Internet economy or how startups work . If you listen to Wolff too closely , you 'll end up thinking that starting a company consists mainly in begging for money . I was pretty amazed at how consistently disgusting his reasoning is . He maligns everyone he comes in contact with for being greedy and stupid , but by the end of the book you can see that he is the best example of both . Somewhat interesting for its insight into how even successful startups are often going from day to day trying to figure out how to make payroll . In the end , though , I think a lot of books provide more insight while annoying less .
 This is not a good book . If you want to read everything about net businesses , then go ahead , but I learned about as much on IPOs in the net world from a 10-minute Business Week article on eloan , and most of the stuff about predicting where the net is going is his thinking from a few years ago and is outdated . The book jumped around a lot , and it is hard to stay interested .
 Some passages in this book are beautifully written . I will agree there 's not much of an arc to the whole thing and if you wanted to you could skip about the middle third and not miss much other than some encyclopedic goings on.The author also feels the need to mystify `` Eskimos . '' I understand he was truly impressed with some of these people , but his belief that `` Eskimos '' have some sort of genetic ability to estimate torsion , torque curves and whatever out of a bunch of rocks and bones is laughable at best . By devoting a couple of lines to issues of alcohol and violence in these communities the author neglects a very serious and pressing issue for these Arctic people.As well , if you 're Canadian , you should be prepared for a book-long undertone of pro-American flag waving propaganda . Mr. Lopez adores Peary , but saves more than a few paragraphs for how ignorant and short sighted Canadians are , while most of the time ignoring that it could be a country at all . He finds it rather funny to illegally enter the country along the Yukon border . It was my impression such comedy was not entertained along the southern border of the authors ' country.This book might better be titled `` American Dreams of Mystical Eskimos . ''
 I have read numerous book on the Arctic , and this one , by far , is the worst . The reviews I 'd read spoke of this sparking a love for the Arctic and inspiring them to learn more about the beauty of the Artic . I 'd have to say I ca n't imagine how they got that . I could barely keep my eyes open trying to read this . The mind-numbing detail with which Lopez describes the latitudinal changes of light and soils and such is simply overbearing and excessive . This book inspired me only to put it down and read something else .
 when i ordered arctic dreams i thought it would include the european arctic . i am going to svalbard this summer . so it does n't meet my needs . however , i plan to eventually read it as it talks about other arctic adventures .
 I would , sincerely , rather scrape linoleum tile off of a concrete slab than read any more Barry Lopez .
 is Lopez 's denial -LRB- by neglect -RRB- of the work of Gontran De Poncins , the last competent observer of the Eskimo .
 I expected a history of the war through eyewitness accounts , but got a collection of cherry picked anecdotes selected to make an anti-war statement . Some of the stories are interesting and revealing of aspects of the time , but this is not a definitive history of WWII by any means .
 i have still not recieved this book , i have been waiting for awhile now . hopefully amazon will check into that for me but all of the other books are very good .
 I found it not relevent for cooking today . It was not helpful . If someone is looking for something historical to learn how cooking and living was it might be helpful .
 There may be some useful information in this book , but I just could n't get past the obviously obsolete aspect of it . There are hints on how to most effeciently wash dishes -LRB- by hand , in a sink -RRB- and statements about how every `` girl '' should know how to make her table look attractive , and advice on lighting a gas stove by hand . I just ca n't wade through this type of culinary perspective to glean the useful elements . I did n't realize the book would be so outdated or I would n't have purchased .
 This is a review of the book on tape . The plot was solid and brought with it a sense of authenticity , especially in terms of how problems arose and were solved . To a degree the details about military hardware were fascinating , but they soon overran the book and distracted from the characters . There was only one character who truly mattered , and he was a side-show for most of the novel . The rest of the book was filled with people whose only purpose seemed to be populating the chain of command or demonstrating prowess under fire . A good example of this is Dog . He is some sort of Colonel , and his only role is to talk to the Whiplash team , pace around the room , and then relay the information to some General . Then he gets back on the phone with Whiplash . For all I know this type of exchange may be a normal part of military operations , but its appearance not once but several times in this novel was baffling . Ironically the character 's name was well-suited to his part . As my sarcastic girlfriend fake-narrated
 This book is a let down . It 's a very slim 112 pages of which some are just blank ` note ' pages . Also , over half the book is just examples of suggested signs , and there are plenty of references to the video which we did not want . So little of it is relevant to what we purchased it for it is a big let down . As a stand alone product the book is a waste of money . I 'd recommend getting the entire set , or looking at other authors .
 It 's good for a basic sign dictionary . I thought it would have more suggestions for ways to teach sign to Baby , games and such . Most of the info in the `` how '' part was common sense .
 After reading the other reviews , my spouse and I were very excited about buying this book and teaching our daughter to sign . However , we were disappointed with the limited content of the book , and feel that a simple ASL dictionary or a class in ASL would be more helpful . I have found it difficult to implement ASL into my daily life w/my daughter as my hands are often full , both literally and figuratively . In addition , we are blessed to have a daughter who is very expressive and responsive and have found it fairly easy to communicate w/her and to anticipate her needs . Watching her efforts to communicate in her own ididsyncratic ways has been more enjoyable than trying to incorporate the sign language into our daily lives . Perhaps we will give it another try when she is a toddler .
 I had high hopes for signing with my baby and bought this book , but was overwhelmed and rather disappointed . What I soon found was that ASL -LRB- American Sign Language -RRB- which is a great tool for the deaf community is too much for me to learn -LRB- I 'm college educated , but I 'm a new parent who has to work for a living ! -RRB- However , there are other books out there -LRB- see Baby Signs -RRB- that are much more free , more intuitive and more supported with real research than this system is . You do n't NEED to learn ASL with your baby , you and your baby can create your own language . Your baby is probably already teaching you one . Do they wave `` bye bye '' ? do they raise their arms when they want to be lifted ? Then they are creating their own wonderful , original sign language with you that will free you from all of this books charts and lists !
 I purchased this book with hopeful expectations to teach my baby to sign . Unfortunately , my baby and I had lessons of frustration . This book is really too centered around ASL signs and does not account for the fact that babies will develop `` Baby Signs '' . Just like we do n't expect our child to say , `` Bottle '' and happily except `` Ba Ba '' instead , I think it 's important to recognize that our babies ' motor skills are not always developed enough to gesture the accurate ASL sign . However , another book , which was more helpful to me , was `` Baby Signs '' . I think this is gentler approach to baby signing and is better suited to parents who just want a temporary bridge for communication until our babies can talk . BTW , it 's interesting that Joseph Garcia has to quote the research of Goodwyn & Acredolo -LRB- the authors of Baby Signs -RRB- . Something to think about ...
 I bought this book after reading Baby Signs because I had heard that some parents liked this one better . I do n't see why . The text mostly reiterates what Baby Signs says -LRB- summarizes the research done by the authors of Baby Signs , without even mentioning their names ! -RRB- , with the exception of 2 major points :1 . Whether to use ASL only or offer developmentally appropriate signs . I have a 3 year old that still ca n't do many of the ASL signs I tried to teach him . For others , he started with a `` Baby Sign '' and had no problem transitioning to an ASL later on when his motor skills imroved .2 . Whether to always sign and say the word together or do the sign only -LRB- actually Garcia only dedicates about one paragraph to this , but it is such an important issue - and I strongly disagree with his suggestion of signing only . -RRB- The WHOLE POINT of signing with hearing babies is to foster their TOTAL communication skills , especially in their primary spoken language . Therefore , to suggest that you withhold this important exposure to the verbal word while you sign is absurd to me . Whether you use ASL or not - always sign & speak together !! The only good thing I can say about this book is that the illustrations are pretty good , and it does have a few more signs in it than Baby Signs -LRB- although I did not think all of the signs were relevant to babies -RRB- . If you must buy it , use it as a dictionary only -LRB- although if you want a dictionary of ASL there are more comprehensive ones available -RRB- , and definatly use it in conjunction with another book on infant sign language , like Baby Signs .
 I was disappointed with this book . I expected to learn more . I probably would have benefited more by purchasing an American Sign Language book . It was also very overpriced considering one can get through the entire book within an hour . The concept of teaching your child to speak with their hands is very interesting and I am very excited about trying it with my daughter , but this book is not necessary for that .
 The Area Handbook for Romania is free because is old and not very useful now . May be it will be good for historians .
 This book has a tremendous reputation and is widely regarded as a classic , but it is a flawed classic . Siegfried Kracauer claims that we can see the political and mass-psychological development of Weimar Germany in its films . It is an interesting thesis . So , what 's the problem?Kracauer 's political viewpoint heavily informs his analysis of German cinema during the Weimar Republic . He was a out-and-out Marxist and a Jewish exile from Nazi Germany . Needless to say , he was extremely bitter about the development of German history when he wrote this book in 1946/47 -- and with good reason . But his analysis is very politicized and snidely anti-German . Kracauer decries the lack of engagement with the social question , particularly along `` Marxist '' lines . * Throughout the book , Kracauer repeats quotes from and cites the opinions of the far-left-wing -LRB- quasi-communist ? -RRB- film critic Harry Potamkin.Moreover , much of the book is an indictment of the German people -- not for overtly supporting Hitler , but for their passivity . He consistently depicts Germans as obedient slaves to authoritarianism . As such , they were incapable of producing any truly great films -LRB- until 1930 -RRB- and were even unable to produce good detective movies , he writes . In writing about Germany during the mid-1920s , when democracy was stable and the economy flourished , he writes that the German public was actually in a psychological `` state of paralysis . Cynicism , resignation , disillusionment . '' Apparently , at the time , Germans should have been creating a new , anti-authoritarian , left-wing society . They should not have been making technically innovative , popularly entertaining films.Serious historians of Germany do not depict the German people as a nation of war-mongering , boot-licking toadies who need orders to follow at all times and who then slavishly , unreflectively follow those orders . Scholars no longer believe in the from-Luther-to-Hitler thesis , and many historians dispute the `` Sonderweg '' theory of German history . So , why do they still use this book in their courses ? Because there is nothing else so encyclopedic and because this book stands like a giant standing astride the field of German cultural studies . Kracauer seems to explicate virtually every film made in this era . It is not a popular opinion to express , but perhaps it is time to move beyond `` From Caligari to Hitler '' and time to seek more modern , more nuanced analyses of early German film . * Kracauer prefers the term `` Marxist '' to `` communist '' or `` socialist . '' He also seems to share the post-1945 view common among members of the Left that the communists and socialists should have opposed Hitler in a broad-based Marxist front . He does n't mention the fact that Stalin 's `` social fascism '' policy precluded such an alliance . Nor does he mention that the communist-socialist party alliances of 1945-1949 led to the communist dictatorship regimes throughout eastern Europe .
 Most of the material in this book is available online through the Swing Connection and Javasoft Java tutorial.Some of the screenshots in the book show pictures of UI 's that were n't even Java JFC.Wiley lost some credibility with me.I would wait/find something else .
 As I have experienced with most Wiley books , this book is hard to read and hard to use . The examples are trite and uninspired , and do little to illustrate how the concepts can be used in a real application . The diagrams do add little value to the topics and would have looked better if drawn by hand . And the authors ' frequent use of their own company 's logo in most of the examples is childish and unappreciated.If you are waiting for a good book about JFC and Swing , keep waiting . The Java Series and the O'Reily books should be out soon enough .
 I recommend another book . There is little here that is not available through documentation , online tutorials or examples that come with swing itself .
 Although this book covers all the Swing components it is only good enough for basic users . The examples are too simple to explain any itricacies involved in using the components . Most of the information are better explained in some excellent articles that are available at the Swing Connection . I wish there were better examples specifically for using Internal frames and how to use the property change listeners etc. .
 This is a list of the bad reasoning in this book :1 -RRB- On page 9 he says , `` if our relationship with him is a one way trip and the Lord Jesus Christ , then there is n't much fellowship . '' The problem with that is that only applies to non-Christians , Scripture however teaches that the Holy Spirit does communicate with our spirit and intercedes on behalf of it . Furthermore he implies that if there is no audible communication or extra-biblical communication that we are n't fellowshipping with God , however that is n't what Scripture teaches . According to the Christian Scholar and educator James Strong -LRB- author of the famous book Strong 's Concordance -RRB- , fellowship means :1 . fellowship , association , community , communion , joint participation , intercoursea -RRB- the share which one has in anything , participationb -RRB- intercourse , fellowship , intimacy2 -RRB- He said , `` The second reason God still speaks today is that we need his definite and deliberate direction for our lives '' yet strangely , Charles says that the Bible is direction for our lives . But is the Bible not deliberate or definite ? It 's NOT accidental and indistinct is it ? 3 -RRB- He said , `` I realized that God was trying to get my attention through my body , but I was n't listening . '' And what 's his evidence that God was trying to say , `` Hey Charles you feel worn out because I want you to rest and stop talking about me . '' That 's not a sentence in the book but I say it to make a point . Charles does n't give any evidence as to how he knew . But then goes on to say , `` after I spent several weeks fasting and seeking to know the mind of the Lord '' does anyone see anything wrong with that ? I can
 This book is another example of narrow minded Christian fundamentalism deadening the vital subject of prayer . One would do much better to consider the writings of Thomas Merton , St. John Of the Cross , Henri Nouwen , etc. . .
 I would recommend another book entitled How to Know God , by Deepak Chopra . It touches on the greatest needs of each one of us for guidance without the emphasis on duality and obedience . A seeker should not become dependant on the teacher , and ultimately come to know there is nothing to `` seek '' and that nothing outside of us can complete us . There is only a direct path to God , without intermediaries . I highly recommend How to Know God or Power vs.Force as greater demonstrations of Truth .
 I would recommend another book entitled How to Know God , by Deepak Chopra . It touches on the greatest needs of each one of us for guidance without the emphasis on duality and obedience . A seeker should not become dependant on the teacher , and ultimately come to know there is nothing to `` seek '' and that nothing outside of us can complete us . There is only a direct path to God , without intermediaries . I highly recommend How to Know God or Power vs.Force as greater demonstrations of Truth .
 I am going to Bhutan and was anxious to see a map to really see where I was going . It was just adequate . I think a map for such a mountainousregion should be more topographical with elevations shown . It would be better with valleys and mountains more clearly delineated . I guess there is not much out there for maps of Bhutan , but it could be some much better . The back of the map is absolutely blank and could be filled with either information or photos of the highlights of the country with map coordinates so you would know where to find them .
 While I have no particular fault to find , I found this map of limited use on my trip to Bhutan , esp compared to the handout maps we got from time to time from our tour guide etc. . I dont think I would recommend it to any traveler on a tour group , but perhaps it would be of some use to persons making an off-road trek tour if their leaders were not furnishing their own maps . It 's relative lack of relief features meant that it did not give much of an image of what the country would be like in passing through an area .
 only purchase this book if you want to know when where and why this diet was created ... . this book is n't what i was looking for but i have done online searches on how to do the diet and do and do n'ts ... ended up with a lot more information that way . i am not saying this is a bad book it 's just not for someone who is ready to start the diet and need the beginning and how to info .
 Why pay money for this book when you can get it online as a free download ? Also , it would be interesting to know who is publishing this book - is it the company that is giving you the `` discount '' coupon for their services ? Does that company actually own the reprint rights and the copyright to this book ?
 This `` book '' , properly titled Pounds and Inches
 I waited 10 days for the supplementals for the HCG diet . I was under the impression this book had hints and different diet levels and food info . Its all facts on obesity , from where it comes from to discrimination . This book is not helping me to stick to the diet , I will be returning it . The internet has more info than this book does .
 This book really needs to be updated for the latest version of Tcl/Tk , as there have been a number of important additions since it was published in 1999 . For example , all the new string commands and regular expression enhancements added in 8.1 , the new file operations added in 8.3 , and the new list commands added in 8.4 , not to mention all the new Tk widgets -LRB- e.g. spinbox , panedwindow -RRB- . To learn about all the new features , I 'd recommend that you get the latest version of Brent Welch 's `` Practical Programming in Tcl and Tk '' instead . The documentation that comes with Tcl/Tk is the ultimate authority , and is basically what this Nutshell book consists of , albeit for the old 8.0 version . It 's basically just a copy of the old manual pages.I think this book is just too old to be useful anymore , especailly since if you have Tcl/Tk installed then you already have all the current documentation . And there are virtually no examples given . The Chapter on The Tcl C Interface is basically the contents of the tcl.h header file . One reason I give it 2 stars instead of just 1 is that it does have some chapters on some popular Tcl/Tk extensions , like Expect , Tclx , Tix and Blt , even though they 're pretty much just the manual pages for those extensions .
 The book has lots of information but one has to go through lots to loops to get to where the information should be and then it may not be there.E.g. , the index has no mention of the ` wm ' command -- one that I often encounter.E.g. , another book implies that there is a canvas command ` delete all ' . After I finally got to page 61 , I found the ` delete ' command but NOT any hint that one can use the ` all ' command to delete all the objects on the canvas.Another example , even though the book purports to cover TK -- the visual side of the language -- I find just one chart , . Needless to say , there are very few examples .
 I bought this book thinking I would get a good primer/reference book on Tcl . It might be useful for reference , but is almost useless for people new to the language . Out of 440 pages , only 46 are for Tcl and mostly it 's a just a brief summary of commands . Think of trying to learn English using only a dictionary . This book is like that dictionary . Also , there are almost no examples on how to use any of the commands .
 The only book that has disappointed me of this editorial . Do you imagine to learn English with a dictionary ? , like it was said previously .
 If it was possible to give this book 0 stars I certainly would have . As others have said before , this is just a bad book .
 Unfortunately , this Yale edition leaves out about half of what Newman himself published in 1873 as the definitive edition of THE IDEA OF A UNIVERSITY . Published here are only the nine `` Dublin Discourses '' from Part I on `` University Teaching '' and but four of the ten chapters of Part II , `` University Subjects Discussed in Occasional Lectures and Essays . '' For the hundred-page displacement of Newman 's essays , the editor substitutes five interpretive essays supposedly inquiring into the relevance of Newman 's book for today 's higher education debates . These interpretive essays have major inconsistencies and repetitions among themselves and are of mixed quality , with inaccuracies and serious misunderstandings of some of Newman 's central ideas . As accurate forays of the Newmanian mind into the twentieth - and twenty-first century university , only the engaging and intellectually challenging essays by George Marsden and George Landow succeed . -LRB- COMPLETE paperback editions of Newman 's IDEA are available from Loyola University Press , 1987 , and University of Notre Dame Press , 1982 -RRB- .
 ... I bought this book and studied it cover to cover . BEWARE !! It hasa lot of typos and mistakes in it . Worst of all , very few of thequestions from the actual A + Exam -LRB- DOS/WIN -RRB- were in this book . Imemorized every darn question in this book -LRB- probably 200 or so -RRB- andthen took the test . Only 1 question from this book was even on thetest !! It was only by the grace of God that I passed it . I had toguess at 75 % of the questions and thought sure that I had failed.Luckily I had n't -LRB- NO THANKS TO THIS BOOK -RRB- . I do n't know if the testhas had a major revision since this book went to press or what , butthis book will NOT give you an accurate indication of what to expecton the test . Believe me , I just took the test on October 13th , 2000and was shocked at how little this book prepared me for it . I do n'tknow what book to recommend for a study help but I would not recommendthis book to anyone I like , that 's for sure . I was really surprisedas a fair amount of people gave this book a good review at the Amazonsite . That must have been before the A + test went to the `` adaptive '' format in July . On page XI of the Preface , thisbook states that it gives you '' ... the closest experience to thereal thing -LRB- the test -RRB- . If you achieve an 80 percent on the practiceexam -LRB- in the back of the book -RRB- ... . you 're ready to take and aceCompTIA 's DOS/Windows exam . '' ... I memorized every singlequestion this book has in it and could ace this books ' tests time andtime again . Yet only 1 of the hundreds of questions in this book waseven on the exam ! If you buy this book , do n't blame me if you failthe test ...
 Do n't buy this book.I have been programming for over 15 years and need to learn to use VC + + . I started reading from the front cover and started doing the examples on VC + + . I found the tutorials difficult to follow , very incomplete , and does not explain what you 're doing . In short , you 're blindly following the instructions and then the instructions do n't work.Don ' t buy this book.Please note the bottom of the front cover says `` John Paul Mueller , Best-Selling computer Book Author with 40 Books Published '' . I doubt I 'll find myself buying another one of his books or from this publisher .
 I would not consider this book a `` complete '' reference . It totally lacks any support for Visual Foxpro . Also I found the examples to be very short and not very detailed . I ended up returning this book .
 I purchased this book to use as a reference . I had hoped it would be friendlier & perhaps a little more intelligent than MS documentation . This book simply can not be called complete and the authors do a poor job of anticipating the sorts of question one might ask when working with VS6 on a day-to-day basis . I have n't investigated other books on VS6 but with this in mind , it seems to me that almost any other book on the subject is likely to be better .
 This `` cooking '' book is a total disapointment . It as beautifull pictures , that 's all . The recipes are false . Or they lack an ingredient or they give false quantities . Following the recipe print on page 25 , you will never get `` crab and coconut cakes '' but `` crab and coconut liquid '' ! The `` beef with bean sprout '' page 66 has no taste . The only `` inspiration '' this book gave me is to look for another one . One more like `` The best of Vietnamese & Thai cooking '' by Mai Pham , that I use for many years with great succes .
 Okay , now I bought this Thai cookbook because it had great pictures and all the recipes sounded simple and easy to follow . I should 've checked it out at the library before buying because I was completely dissappointed . I made a salad , a soup and a stirfry . I followed the recipe and it came out as if I 'd added a bottle of salt water to the mixture . Many of these recipes combine fish sauce and soy sauce which makes it really salty . Thai cooking is not supposed to use much soy sauce . The only thing that turned out was the rice . So unless you are extremely lacking in rice-making abilities I would not recommend this book at all . Get Real Thai by Nancie McDermott .
 I bought this book thinking I would find buy a book packed full of information about hell , such as Dante 's hell with its 8 or 10 circles . I believed it would go into detail about its torments , and such because thats what the title suggests , a history of the infernal . But I was sadly disappointed . The book mostly goes over myths , and through out the book the writer lightly sprinkles some information about hell . But you 're lucky if she gets into detail about hell . I really have no idea why this book has so many high ratings . But since it has so few ratings , I guess thats a good reason . If you want a real history of hell , I am afraid that you wont find it in this book . DONT BUY IT .
 This book is extremely confusing . She throws out so many names and religions in such a short frame that it 's impossible to follow along . You basically have to already have a good knowledge of all the religions she is talking about to understand what is going on . I had no knowledge of any religions prior to reading this book and it left me very confused.I only managed to read about 60 pages before I had to completely stop . I can not believe how many positive reviews this book has .
 Before purchasing this book I read the back cover , the table of contents , as well as the introduction and felt I had enough basic knowledge regarding the religions it covered . I concluded the Author added far too much `` basic '' religious background for the advanced student as well as not enough for the amateur student . It makes for a very interesting read , however , I gave it only 1 star due to the pretentious attitudes expressed in the 5 star ratings . I prefer to give another perspective from one `` laymen '' to another .
 Being a religious man myself , I took the descriptive attributes of a ` bible ' into account when I chose to buy this book . However I assume the that the author -LRB- David Hague -RRB- is an aethiest since he seems to attribute the terms ` inaccurate ' and ` vague ' to a bible.I friend of mine contracted David Hague to do some IT work for his small/medium business , and from what I 've been told , this guy -LRB- David -RRB- should n't even be working in IT , let alone authoring a book on IT . From the assumption I gained from using this book , I tend to agree with him.Stay clear of this book , there a better options . It is very vague , and is relatively useless to both beginners and experienced IT professionals .
 Ok so where is Fusion 4.0 is it out ther yet
 The book was scheduled to arrive in late April and it is now early May and no book . Hence a very negative review .
 I await each Jilly Cooper book with great excitement . I love the pure escapism of her too good/too bad to be true characters . I love her witty turn of phrase . It takes a lot to get me to laugh out loud and she has accomplished it before ... not this time however . I actually forgot , several times , I was reading this book -- it was boring , the characters annoying and the premise unoriginal . I strongly recommend you not waste your time -- go back and review Rupert/Billy the early days .
 I bought this book again because I own the 2001 edition and thought this was an update for 2002 . It is not an update for 2002 and is just the same book . The publishers should correct this error so that other readers do not buy the same book twice . My copy is being sent back to Amazon.ca
 The Cervantes site is offering this book for $ 14.00 . How come sellerswant to sell this book with over $ 60.00 priceIndoor Marijuana Horticulture - The Indoor Bible -LRB- Marijuana Horticulture
 This is a two star read for a few reasons . You might not know that it is from the eighties when this book first came out with some updates . The author does not cover any fluorescent lights at all which I think is crazy because these are important for young seedlings and clones . The hydroponics designs are from old nineteen seventies systems that no one uses any more and neither do I . The author says that clones degrade the more you take clones from a clone and then builds a breeding section around this mistake . The nutrient feeding techniques are sometimes untested . The author actually reprints the same mistake that marijuana book author Ed Rosenthal made for solving Mg problems . Do not use the Mg solver . It usually causes lock out and also over feeds them . Only one harvesting method is given out of a possible three or four that you could do . The problem solving plant nutrient problem pictures are interesting to look at in the book and probably the reason to get this book , but do not solve the problem just by identification using these illustrations . You would do better to pay attention to your feeding schedule and nutrient content . Mistakes can be forgiven but this update is not an improvement on the previous book . The shabby design gives the impression that it was done quickly and cheaply . The photographs are not bad but far from quality . There are frequent spelling mistakes and a lot of noise between the pages that brings down the quality of this read considerably . You would do better to make sure that you read up on other books if you decide to try this one out . It will be interesting to keep a copy of this one around just to compare it to the next update because this author needs to change quite an awful lot of the material here . This is a poor update that strongly needs revision .
 If you are a begginer looking for information on growing MJ or a more experienced grower requiring ideas then you will do very well to avoid this book . The material is poorly laid out , is often confusing as it is littered with spelling mistakes and seems to have been done in a slap dash manner -LSB- ... -RSB- lots of ideas and details on hydroponic cultivation are very dated and would seem to date back to the late 1970 's . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This book reads like it was written by a 4th grader . I threw this in the garbage after the first few chapters . There is information in it that I know to be completely wrong , so how could I trust the rest of the information?The book gets basic facts wrong , things that are easily verifiable to anyone who has an Internet connection . The first part of the book , for some reason , gives you a short history on the Internet , but almost everything in that section is completely wrong.For example , the author says that the Internet was designed by the government to track your every click , and you can make yourself anonymous by getting a firewall and a hotmail account . Rediculous!Every paragraph has basic spelling and grammatical errors , making this book difficult to read . The author jumps around topics incoherently , and makes references to things that are n't fully explained.Save your money and get a better book . This one is a JOKE .
 I bought this book because It looked like a book that was designed for the first time Ironman runner . The title `` Starting Out Triathlon
 This book could have been written on ONE page ! All he really says is that a migraine starts in the stomach , acid causes the migraine , use bread to soak up the acid , take tylenol , avoid food triggers ... there , all better ! The advice he gives on the dosage of tylenol could actually be a problem for your liver . Dangerous advice ! Do n't waste your money on this one ! I did ...
 This book could be an excellent introduction to Moroccan Arabic , but it suffers from a few flaws . The main flaw is the author 's method of transliteration -LRB- i.e. using English letters to represent Arabic letters -RRB- . The method is rather confusing and not the one that is commonly used . If one did not already have a general knowledge of the Arabic language , its sounds and even some vocabulary , one would be at a loss to make sense of the transliteration -LRB- i.e. using an `` z '' to represent the Arabic equivalent of `` j '' and other oddities -RRB- . However , once you 've deciphered the rather odd transliteration , the book is rather useful . Even though written in 1965 , the basics of the Moroccan dialect are well represented in the text , even though it might be called a more formal Moroccan dialect than the one generally heard . My suggestion to anyone wanting to learn any dialect of the Arabic language is to first learn to read and write the Arabic script . That way you do n't have to waste your time learning different methods of transliteration . As it stands now , I do n't know of a major text dealing with Moroccan Arabic for English speakers that uses Arabic script , so this book seems to be the best for now . I suggest getting it if you need it , but you might need a Moroccan to help you with the transliteration at the beginning . The book mentions that cassette tapes are also available that go along with the text , so they might help also .
 This `` course '' is simply a reprint of an old Georgetown book from the 60s . It is garbage . The text is not in Arabic script -LRB- which is ridiculous -RRB- and the `` exercises '' are useless , but the vocab could be a good start if some of the words were not outdated and the author had explained which were Moroccan , Standard Arabic , French , or Spanish . The recordings , although insightfully encoded into MP3 format , are of the worst quality . They are clearly copies from tapes from back in the 60s when this book was useful . It sounds like they were recorded in a bathroom by someone who had smoked three packs of Winstons a day for 25 years . It was a decent language book for its time , but this is 2005 . LET 'S GET SOME NEW BOOKS GEORGETOWN !!! If that institution is such a bastion of Arabic studies in America , then I challenge it to get off its ass and put something out there -LRB- besides al-Kitab -RRB- . This stuff is IMPORTANT these days . We Arabic students NEED it .
 SPOILER ALERT !!!!! I 've come to the conclusion recently that a book which is turned into a film is sort of an evolution in story telling . That one format is not inherently better than the other . Sometimes the book is better , sometime the film is better . Sometimes both are excellent . For example I recently watched the fairly recent film `` The Painted Veil '' , and then read the novel by Somerset Maugham . I enjoyed both , immensely . The film version of this novel -- `` Random Harvest '' -- starring Ronald Colman and Greer Garson is one of my very favorite films ... in my top 5 of all time . So , after watching the film so many times , I thought it was time that I read the novel . I assumed it would be as enchanting for me as the film.I was wrong . To me , a better title for the novel would be `` Ramble Harvest '' , because it seems to me that Hilton rambles on and on with a great deal of story telling that has nothing to do with this story . Frankly , virtually all of part I -LRB- whatever happened to chapters ? -RRB- could have been left out . Even after that , there is simply too much wandering around that never gets to the point of the novel -- how Charles gets his memory back ... or even much about his memory at all . Yes , it is very clever how he surprises the reader at the very end of the book with the revelation that his secretary is his first wife from his other memory period . Very clever writing , but I doubt many people beyond the first few readers did n't learn of the ending in advance.I know that I am in the minority here . Others seem to really like this novel . So do n't take my word for it , but I was decidedly disappointed in this novel .
 I ordered this book for my nexus 7 but never received it . I could not find a way to contact and advise about my problem . Sounded like it could be a good book .
 L found ths novel stodgy and not at all jnteresting to read . It did not work for this 82 year old despite the prominence of the author ,
 This was selected for our book club and I was excited to start based on the description . After purchasing and starting that same night I expected the story line to pull me in and it did n't . I was n't able to connect with the characters and in the end I got about 25 % through and have n't tried reading again . I asked the book club their thoughts and all said the same thing . One was in the 3rd section and still was n't connected with the book or characters . In the end we selected another book for the club meeting . I think I will try this book again we I have more time but right now I was disappointed that it did n't hold my attention .
 I 've gone back to this book a number of times but just have n't been able to get into it . By the time I read halfway through , I gave up . After reading most of the other reviews , maybe I 'll watch the movie instead .
 This book is ok . But incredibly boring . The writer starts out excited , but gets bipolar and changes their minds.It is a little ridiculous . Not the Paul is dead rumor , but they way the writer explains things . Not a good read .
 What a yawn ! Mr. Reeve treats his subject - an easily disproved rumour which circulated for about 6 weeks almost 30 years ago - as if it were the Kennedy assasination . The text reads like a bad episode of Dragnet . Repitition is the name of the game . Perhaps the best moment in this endless saga is Mr. Reeve 's opening ` acknowledgements ' page , wherein he thanks , among others , The Library Of Congress for helping him with all his ` years ' of research -LRB- ?!? -RRB- and - of course - `` The Fab Four '' . What a pompous piece of worthless crap
 Book is out of print.ISBN # will be changed.Don ' t buy this book !!
 Following the advice of the others on this page I duly purchased this book . I can now safely say it will be my LAST time following the general concensus ! What is WITH you people?A photographer/grafik designer by trade , specialising in print-based media I have never done web-based work -LRB- other than actually designing pages and buttons in Illustrator - and then having someone else doing the converting , assembly etc. -RRB- so I decided to buy a book and have a go . To get straight to the point this book is a piece of crap for the following reasons : i -RRB- -LRB- despite professing otherwise -RRB- It is totally incoherent , and follows a very illogical progression pattern.ii -RRB- The grafiks are so sadly outdated and amateur-ish I cringed every time I opened the book.iii -RRB- It fails to empower the reader to move freely and thus visualise their own ideas.iv -RRB- It is VERY incomprehensive.v -RRB- It is very hard to navigate , has no real index , no thumb tags etc.It is like a ` Big Mac ' - it looks yummy and filling and when you take a bite it SEEMS to fill you up , but soon you are hungry for more REAL FOOD . My advice ? Go for a less disturbingly ` visual ' format that provides you with the building blocks to build your own house .
 When I read the abstract for this book I thougth I would pick up some information or process description that would help pick out the most economical scheme to process a given feedstock . Instead what I got was mostly a rehash of what I can get from Hydrocarbon processing without any hard numbers or equations to use . The author spends most of the time describing databases of process inoformation he has collected and how he went about correlating the results , but without ever bothering to print the correlations that were developed . Instead you get tables comparing the authors correlations to other correlations which also are not published . This does nothing to help you know how to predict the performance of a unit .
 Just echoing Dale 's review.Very brief descriptions on refining products and processes and then a whole bunch of not really useful Excel-from-the-ninties looking like tables and the graphs developed from these tables . Missing the essentials on Process Basics and Maths on both Process Engineering and Economics . Would try to find another book for the subject instead .
 This book has so many technical errors it is essentially useless for its intended purpose , as a study aid for the BSCN test . Not only are there many technical errors , but the authors basic sentence structure is sometimes incoherent . I would not recommend this book to anyone . I will be sending it back for a refund !
 Want to know how many errors I have found in this book ? Let 's just choose Chapter 9 . -LRB- keep in mind I took the course . -RRB- I never took the test so I bought the book to brush up on BGP . The author has n't ever used BGP , otherwise he would have known that the `` set communities '' command is used in the Router -LRB- config-route-map -RRB- # command mode and let you know how to configure it . One of the most important objectives ` Route maps ' is scattered in other sections requiring it , but there is no chapter or section on how to create them ?!? There is two lines of code on creating them . There are over 30 commands used in route maps that you have to know for the exam ! Where are they ? Both the `` match '' and `` set '' commands , there are over 30 of them . The `` show ip bgp neighbors '' output was copied from the original 1.0 of the Cisco student guide . How do I know this ? There where errors in the output that werent fixed yet from the original Cisco student guide and missing two variables . They are the same two missing in the book . The configurations for the labs , if you apply them on a router , the syntaxes are backwords and wo n't work for a few of the commands . Not only that , there is 140 messages received and sent on the output . With the neighbors configured , the received messages would have been much higher than the sent . The output is n't real ! This was a rush job on a book and the most important part is BGP . Someone who knew BGP should have wrote the chapter that covers 50 percent of the exam . I just looked at one chapter and realized all the mistakes . Not only that the commands do n't show the syntaxes which you need to know for the exam .
 I was excited to finally receive this book since it just came out and I wanted some material specifically focused on the BSCN , but now I 'm disappointed . It was clearly rushed from the publisher as it contains typographical errors , wrong answers to review questions , and just plain incorrect information . If you have the book , check out section 3.3.1 where the author mentions that without using 0 and 255 as addresses , there are 253 available hosts . Hellloooo . My advice is to get ahold of the Cisco Press ACRC book -LRB- from CCNP v1 .0 -RRB- and use that in conjunction with this if you must . Hopefully , the publisher will come out with an errata soon -LRB- it will be lengthy -RRB- so people do n't learn wrong information . The bottom line is this
 Holy lack of proofreading Batman !! I 've used dozens of other books to complete the MCSE , CCNA , and a few Solaris certifications . This one is definitely a contender for the most confusing and erroneous . A novice like me should not catch 100 + -LRB- still on page 268 -RRB- errors in a book written by a CCIE . This book might well have been proofread by an intelligent monkey . Imagine trying to learn complex topics while coping with misinformation , obvious contradictions , mislabeled diagrams , diagrams that do n't pertain to the referring text , incorrect commands , incorrect syntax , etc , etc !! I do n't even know what I think I learned is true ! It 's too bad nobody took the time to read it over before it went to the press . They often do a good job distilling key concepts . I , too , plan to ask for a refund and for part-time job proofreading future works . The errors I 've found after only 10 hours of reading easily cost them a few stars . I think the positive reviews here are from folks already fairly knowledgeable with Cisco routing . True , computer and networking books tend to be fraught with errors , due to the greed of publishers trying to be first to press . This one though is definitely a standout .
 Although I passed w / an 839 , this book is , in a word , awful . The errors are unbelievable , the flow is choppy , and the illustrations are difficult to follow - just look at page 469 . Quality was definately sacrificed for speed . I ca n't believe a CCIE put his name on this book . I hope the money was worth the discredit ... Although the book did cover everything on the exam , the mistakes lead to lots of re-reading and frustration .
 I was excited to get this book , because it was the first -LRB- that I knew of -RRB- on the new BSCN exam . However , I very quickly found that its errors were too many and too egregious to be borne . It 's as if the publisher never ran it past any editor at all . The book has some limited utility for a person who already knows the material pretty well , and can spot its awful flubs , but for someone learning from scratch - never ! It is definitely not worth its steep price .
 This is the most error ridden of all the many books I 've used to achieve MCSE , CCNA , CCDA and CCNP certs . I 'm upgrading my CCNP to 2.0 and so have already completed the former ACRC test . But , if I had no prior knowledge of this material , I would still know it was flawed because of the contradictions in this tome . BIG mistake buying this book !
 This book has so many technical errors it is essentially useless for its intended purpose , as a study aid for the BSCN test . Not only are there many technical errors , but the authors basic sentence structure is sometimes incoherent . I would not recommend this book to anyone . I will be sending it back for a refund !
 This book was written by a CCIE ? Please Please Please tell me he is hiding under a table right now ! I can not believe the problems with this book . I read the book and was given the class last week . After reading the book I thought I knew BGP so I could teach a class on it . Haaa ... NOT ! Most of what I learned in the book was false . The commands I learned wo n't work . And the output on the true output on the routers contradicts the book . All in all , I ca n't believe a publisher would put out a book of such POOR quality . Has McMillan ever heard of the word `` Technical Editor '' ?
 Thomas M. Thomas and his co-authors did a very poor job this time . When I studied for the BCMSN exam , I was glad to have a copy of the McGraw-Hill book , but this one seems to be nothing but a quick shot , published before the others do . Very rarely , I read a book containing such a huge amount of errors . Fortunately , many of them are such obvious that you have to notice them at once ; and not all of them can be presumed to be errata -LRB- or at least , they should n't be -RRB- . For example , a multicast address of 2214.0.0.10 -LRB- ! -RRB- was stated , and you will be presented a chaotic mixing of hyphenated and non-hyphenated commands which you will surely be asked to keep apart in the exam.Some chapters as those covering -LRB- I 'd better say
 I could n't even get through the beginning of this biography ; it was so dull . Now , I 'm a feeler-type person , -LRB- an INFJ -RRB- , so perhaps it 's the style in which it 's written that puts me off . It is very well-written , but , Women of the Left Bank is singularly mental ; ironic since much of this time period was about the passions of the senses in oneself and towards each other.I far preferred Paris Was a Woman
 I think I know a little bit about soccer , because I 've played competitively and watched enthusiastically all my life . I wanted a book on the sport to give to a new girlfriend , so I perused this one . Bad choice . This book explains several rules incorrectly -LRB- offsides ; out-of-bounds ; player positions -RRB- , discusses tactics only in the most uninformed of manners -LRB- speed and power , it seems , being the only skills of merit -RRB- , and leaves out about half the world 's more important historical soccer events , in favor of minor developments in the arena of American soccer business . Avoid at all costs .
 This book is almost exactly the same as The Everything Kids Soccer book . The content is the same . Even most of the wording is the same . The only real difference is the Kids version has puzzles and such . Oh yeah , and this one costs twice as much as the other one !
 It covers a lot of topics but I did find it particularly helpful in any way . The idea of gathering all the information about I/O into one book to use as a single resource is nice , but this book does n't do a good job . Not that much help in explaining things and no help at all as far as practical examples went . You will learn much more from general Java books and Google searches .
 I picked up this book to cover multilingual charset issues , which are missing in all the standard Java resources but neatly listed in this title 's contents/index . Great , I thought , something for those of us who speak English but sell software to the other 93 % of the world.After I had laid my -LSB- money -RSB- down at the bookstore , I found out the sordid truth - the author is a newbie in regards to the multilingual issues but did n't let it stop him from writing down some shockers . To be nice , he probably got a little enthusiastic about Java 's genuinely wide multilingual capabilities and tried to promote it , but some parts of this book are anti-education , end of story ...
 I got this book in the hopes of getting some more detailed information on java i/o than you can get from more broadly scoped books . Unfortunately , I found hardly anything in this book that is not discussed more clearly and concisely in the Java API docs . Six pages on reading and writing Integers ? Fascinating ! Save your money , get the API docs and search the discussion forums .
 This book covers everything about the Java I/O library however the examples are so bad ... . The author used a generic class for all the samples !! This is a good example of reusability however it does n't help people who want to learn or copy those examples ... . Frankly I do n't recommend this book . If you 're looking for good examples check out `` Java Examples in a Nutshell '' from the same editor ...
 This book does a fair job of covering the topic . I found it semi-useful . I would not recommend it however . Other books give you more value for the money . I would recommend the Java Tutorial series or ; Just Java 2 by Peter Van der Linden , those are great learning books . They give you real value for your money . They do a great job of helping you learn what you need to , to get your programming assignments done at work . The Sun Java website has also been very helpful to me . There , you can find anything you need to without wasting 50 bucks for a book that does not help you that much .
 You 'd probably do better following the tutorials on the Sun site .
 I did n't know this was going to be a one man biography ... had expected more detail of Mississippi and the south over this period of time .
 I 've heard great things about this book , but it simply does n't live up to the reviews . It is n't vivid , is n't absorbing , is n't all that interesting . It is a decent piece of period biography , and if you 're interested in the Percy family or the region or time period , it might be worthwhile . Otherwise , give this one a pass .
 No Answers ! The puzzle here is n't finding the way out . It 's attempting to stay fucused on what passage way you 're in ! The drawings should have been MUCH larger ... MUCH larger . Not the Ultimate Maze but the Ultimate Disappointment .
 I 'm not a `` libber '' but I was certainly not happy that this story-teller proudly declared a woman 's place is serving her husband.I expected to read about dreaming techniques and instead had to find my way through a convoluted telling of this woman 's childhood dreaming experiences , how she came to meet her `` Dark Lord , '' how the earth shook when they made love and how fulfilled she is supporting her husband 's mission to lead the Yaqui nation.What a crock . If you 're interested in developing Yaqui dreaming techniques , read Carlos Castanada 's books instead . Although the `` exercises '' described in them are difficult and required a very long time to achieve success , they are effective and do work .
 As an admirer of her music I found the book interesting . However , it is so poorly written that it makes it difficult to read . I would recommend it on audiotape because it seems to have been written exactly as it was spoken . It 's like reading a speech .
 To her credit , Grace Slick does n't try to paint herself as particularly likeable or mature . Her book is poorly written , as if by a 16-year old . What also struck me as odd is how the book says relatively little about the music that was the focus of Ms. Slick 's life . It spends a lot of time talking about the various excesses that her fame allowed her to indulge in . These topics might be interesting to teens , or to hardcore Airplane fans , but for anyone else there are much better books to buy and read .
 I have always liked Grace Slick and thought she was humorous and in-your-face . Although I 'm not a big fan of Starship , I always liked Jefferson Airplane and would like to read a little more about them since I was like 5 years old during their heyday and did n't get to experience it first hand . With those two things in mind I eagerly picked up a copy of Grace Slick 's autobiography and found it to be pretty meh . I almost gave it one star but made it two , because I basically like the subject and would like to read another , better book on her , with all the pithy quotes and a little more -LRB- excuse the expression -RRB- meat on the bones.This book is a pretty rambly memoir rather than anything coherent . My favorite parts were Slick 's stories of her wacky school years and the outrageous things she did to shock the then-Establishment . For the Airplane years , more details would have been nice , although I believe Grace says she does n't remember a lot of what went on due to being high much of the time . Strangely , she seems quite able to remember everybody she slept with , including the members of her own band . I realize this was the 60s and that 's how people behaved then but there 's a lot more to Grace than the fact that she boffed her band mates and other eminent musicians like Jim Morrison.There are also long diatribes by Grace on 1 -RRB- how she wishes she lived in a much earlier , less technologically complicated and therefore more peaceful era with more human contact , conveniently forgetting that many disturbing things like wars , famines , plagues , mobs and other unquiet , unpleasant things happened back then as well ; and 2 -RRB- how older people do not belong on a rock and roll stage because they physically look bad and rock is for young people . Regarding this last , I appreciate that not all rock musicians want to keep touring and performing live into their middle and older age , that Grace has found other things to do -LRB- such as her art and her activist causes -RRB- , and that the constant scrutiny of a performer 's appearance and whether they 're looking older is likely NOT fun especially for women . I also know a lot of middle aged people who basically agree with Grace and prefer to sit home and listen to a record rather than go out and get on a stage or even jump up and down in front of one . However , the flip side is that there are also a lot of older musicians who can still put on a helluva show , draw crowds who enjoy it regardless of whether Way Cool Junior has lines on his face , and that there are also a lot of older rock fans who still like to go to shows and rock out and do n't feel like they 're `` too old '' to have fun once they get past 30 or 35 . Grace has made a lot of strong statements about liberation in many contexts so I was very surprised to see her espousing an agist view across the board rather than just saying , `` eh , I performed when I was younger , it was all right then but I 'm not really into it now and I 'm on to different things '' rather than making statements about how rock should exclude ALL old people . Not everybody cares that much about continuing to look 20 and sexy or whether the rockstar playing guitar looks 20 or 50 as long as he can still bang out the tunes . Sorry Grace but your general statements on this issue rather than just keeping it personal to yourself really helped to turn me off to the book .
 I read the book in two days and while it contained a few items of interest , I was disappointed in the lack of detail in many areas . I would have been really interested to hear Grace Slick talk about the Haight Ashbury days , how the Airplane dealt with the record company business , or the sessions and live appearances that led to some of their great songs . One would think that a woman whose songs were inspired by the likes of Lewis Carroll and James Joyce would have a deeper perspective than this book shows , but maybe not . I think a lot of the blame has to go to Andrea Cagan who most likely told her to make sure to tell her sexual experiences with famous rock stars if nothing else . In any case the editing should have been a lot better ; the book is kind of a rambling mess . But for fans of Grace and the Airplane and '60s rock music in general , it 's still an interesting read for all its faults .
 Grace Slick is a great musical figure who came out the convergence of San Francisco rock and roll of the 60 's . The Airplane led the peak , for a spell , of the Haight-Ashbury sound tidal wave that included the Greatful Dead , Big Brother and the Holding Company , Quicksilver Messenger Service and Country Joe and the Fish . Acid Heads attending concerts at Avalon or Fillmore would time their trips to be peaking just as the Airplane took the stage . That is the Grace Slick many of us remember . In the book we hear about Slick 's various sexual encounters with other Rock Stars and members of the Airplane and accounts of who is the best endowed . Her account of her almost first and only Lesbian encounter was especially revealing . Slick is candid at times about a lot of things and a little confusing at the same time . We also read about her life-long opulent life style and her elegant homes in St. Francis Woods - SF , Seacliff - SF , Marin County , and in Southern Cal . The account of the loss to fire of the Marin house was especially tragic and moving . Slick 's account at Woodstock was well done but the Airplane did not play like they could have to be included in the Woodstock movie - they did not have a dynamic set as did Santana , Hendrix , The Who , Crosby , Stills , and Nash and others . Especially interesting is Slick 's decision to retire as a rock and roll champ as age has set in - she did not like the feel of being a middle aged rock star . Fortunately she could afford to do it . If anything Slick 's book will be added to the category on San Francisco History and will be of some value to scholars researching life in San Francisco in the 60 's - they may find some of the things Slick talks about very interesting indeed .
 Upon purchasing this book I was hoping to discover some real insight of the early , San Francisco 60 's music scene as observed by an insider . Sure we got to read about Grace 's early family life , her penchant for drama and dressing up , college days , many affairs , marriages and relationships . Yet , something was missing ... what were her REAL thoughts and emotions as she went through these times ? Some things were left unexplained ... why so close with the Grateful Dead in the early days @ the Fillmore West and then nada-zip ... no more mention of them . What happened to that relationship ? Was it because the Airplane/Starship membership sold out to BIG MONEY ? Same thing with her personal relationships ... no real insight as to what really happened or how she felt . As I read on , I kept hoping for a `` real '' connection to Grace and perhaps a sharing of her soul & innermost thoughts as she traversed several musical eras . Instead , I was left with the feeling that the book was a `` slap-dash '' attempt -LRB- maybe under a publisher 's deadline ? -RRB- @ trying to tell a monumental story that was reduced to disjointed chapters that were hard to follow . At books end , I still like Grace and find her amusing & candid , but sure would have enjoyed a more intimate tale . The highlight of the book was just a paragraph or 2 devoted to Janis Joplin . That was the closest the book came to what I had hoped for ... `` Janis felt like an old soul , a wisecracking grandmother whom everybody loved to visit . ''
 Review of audiocassette -- Grace Slick is unbelievably self-absorbed and unforgivably boring . For example , do we really care that she was a blond when she was eight years old ? I listened to this on a long drive one evening and kept waiting for the tape to get better but it never did . It 's a miracle that it did n't put me to sleep and cause me to drive off the road ! Grace reads her self-indulgent musings in a wooden voice without a trace of real insight or even humor . After listening to this tape , I did n't know a lot more about Jefferson Airplane or Starship or the sixties or even Grace Slick -- I just knew that I wanted my money back .
 This book is like a series of tangents . It must have been nerve-wracking for Andrea Cagan to sit and listen to all this . The thing reads like Grace was hopped up on caffeine throughout . Her export of information to the pages is eratic ; for example , no clear statement of her ancestry , but she makes a comment about her parent 's `` Edwardian Background '' -LRB- does she mean they were from Britain ? Two Brits who graduated from U of W in Seattle and had babies in Chicago and the Bay Area ? -RRB- and suddenly , several lines down , mid-paragraph drops this
 Where did Grace find this `` writer '' to co-author her biography ? What could have been a terrific and insightful look at one of rock and roll 's greatest and most rebellious icons instead reads like entries from a diary . Poorly sequenced and unimagitively written , this book suffers from an obviously inexperienced co-author who has a pre-occupation with Slick 's sexual trysts and demonstrates little interest in nor knowledge of her music-making . She should stick to writing romance novels . I 'll remember Grace Slick for her electrifying performances and wonderful music , but never this book . Get it from the library and save your money .
 Overall I 'd say this book was mildly interesting . I 'd hoped for a lot more discussion and details about rock n'roll in the 60s but what I wound up with was pretty much a hodge-podge of disjointed events . Grace also has a tendency to promote her personal social and political agendas which gets tiring.Since I picked it up at the local library , at least I did n't have to shell out any cash !
 This book contained no information about Grace Slick that I found interesting . I am only twenty , but I have been a Jefferson Airplane fan for several years . I was very excited to see the book published and then disappointed with the outcome . Slick and Cagan left out important parts of Slick 's life , music , and relationships . I put down the book wanting more and even a little bit confused . The writers skip from one decade to the next while referring to events unknown to the reader and not even mentioned within the pages . Hopefully next time that Grace Slick publishes her memoirs , she will be more specific and organized .
 Grace Slick did n't even get off of the runway . I do n't buy a lot of autobiographies . I bought this one because Janis is dead and only she and Grace have a right to write about 60s and 70s San Francisco rock from the female perspective.The woman who created such wonders as White Rabbit and Lather has worked up a bunch of meaningless bubbles for this thin thin thin work . Perhaps that 's what happens when you stop drinking and doing dope.Ms . Cagan , who is listed as a `` contributor '' , but is described more as an editor-compiler deserves some of the credit for this totally incoherent and slipshod piece of trash.Wait for the movie and hope China Kantner plays her mom .
 Considering the life she 's led I would have expected more from Slick 's autobiography . A big yawn -- I skimmed through the last 200 pages .
 I believe this rock queen was candid and sincere in sharing her travels and trips as a rock star . Some of the autobiography was funny and very honest . However , I would not want my kids to read it , it is full of sexual expletives , perverse acts and drug abuse . I hope school library 's do n't have it . It is probably one of the most realistic point of views I have read on the `` Love/Hippie Generation '' . Grace Slick was an upper middle class white women who chose to live that life of sex , drugs and rock and roll . I am surprised she lived to tell about it . So many rock stars died from over use of chemicals . Grace Slick probably had a lot of influence over that generation , the continued recreationl use of drugs , adultery , immorality and poor self-esteem , not to mention the expoiltation of women , and the destruction and values of a free and safe society . Capitolism at its finest.She said , She actually took LSD into the White House to give to Richard Nixon , and her date was Abbie Hoffman . She was criminal and perverted ... That was then , this is now .
 Be careful ! I am not even through the first section of this book , and I have found several errors
 I had heard great things about John Holt and was really disappointed in this book . Maybe part of it was that after reading about Charlotte Mason and reading books by John Gatto , it did n't seem so revolutionary to me . But Holt quoted psychologist Robert Liang extensively in this book , which to me seems like the most outdated psychobabble -LRB- granted this book was written quite awhile ago -RRB- , saying if you make ____ mistake with your kids they may turn out schizophrenic!He then continues on with different teaching techniques , which is also surprising since the unschooling movement generally refer to him as the source of their inspiration , but say you should not `` teach '' children , letting them learn as they become motivated to do so . So if you 're looking for unschooling information you wo n't find it here . It also has odd references like to a school in which teachers express anger to the students to make things `` real '' and children seem to be allowed to hit each other sometimes .
 Louisa May Alcott did it all , from dark thrillers and tragedies to the laid-back family of `` Little Women . '' But it 's not surprising that Alcott practically buried her first novel , `` The Inheritance , '' which she wrote at the age of seventeen -- a gooey , cliched romance with a sickly-sweet heroine and a Tall Dark Handsome Man with a Tragic Past.Edith Adelon is a penniless Italian orphan who lives on a rambling estate belonging to the wealthy , aristocratic Hamiltons . She was brought there at an early age to be the companion to daughter Amy . Edith 's humility and goodness make her a favorite in that place , except to a relative of Lady Hamilton 's , Ida Clare . Ida is not wealthy , though she is an aristocrat , and -LRB- by the standards of the day -RRB- is aging to old-maid-hood . Things change drastically with the arrival of Lord Percy , a pal of Amy 's brother Arthur . Despite Percy 's broken heart , he begins to fall in love with Edith -- except Ida is determined to have him for herself . Around the time Edith nobly rejects her suitor -LRB- because they are n't on the same social level -RRB- , a series of thefts are committed -- and she is the main suspect.It 's not hard to see why Alcott buried this novel in a trunk -- by the time she was a serious writer , it would have been painful to have people read this book . It 's drips with gooey sentimentality and quite a few romantic cliches of the time -- the secret legacy , the rigid class system -LRB- where lowly peasants adore the nobility -RRB- , the tragic secrets , the nasty nemesis who never does anything really evil , and the backdrops that are uniformly beautiful and majestic.While Alcott 's writing at this point was also quite cliched , it 's also quite pretty . Assuming that you do n't start rolling your eyes at the idea of a moonlit half-castle-half-mansion surrounded by green fields and a lake , that is . But once a bit of disbelief is suspended , the writing does seem quite lovely . The dialogue , however , is ridiculously ornate and self-deprecating . Unfortunately , Alcott stumbles all over herself when she writes the characters -- Edith is a revoltingly sweet wilting lily , as well as being one of those people whose humility becomes almost a personality defect . She has no flaws , just virtues -- she 's beautiful , swoons , and sings like an angel . She even takes soup to the sick . Lord Percy is not much better -- virtuous , sensitive , tragic , and utterly dull . And the flat supporting characters all serve merely to gush about how sweet and lovely Edith is , except for the tepidly malicious Ida.Though it was later remade into a solid TV movie , `` The Inheritance '' is one of those very few Louisa May Alcott stories that deserves to have stayed buried . It has none of the charm of `` Little Women , '' nor the cliched but well-written thrills of `` Long Fatal Love Chase . '' Revoltingly sweet and cliched , this reads almost like a parody of the romantic genre .
 Louisa May Alcott wrote this sugary book when she was only seventeen , and you can really tell from the writing . Her heroine Edith is beautiful , noble , humble , a perfect musician and singer , and everyone worships her ; ditto with the hero , who has been nursing a broken heart until he sees Edith.The plot is very predictable and kind of boring . Basically the bad girl called Ida is trying to wreck Edith 's life so she can marry the hero , and everyone finds out the truth about Edith 's parentage . Lots of syrupy speeches and gooey looks and oh-so-noble pale men with wilting lily women . It 's all very cliched , as if Alcott had to get the romantic novels of the day out of her system . I love Louisa May 's fiction so much , but this was a youthful dud.On a small side note , there was a really wonderful version of this movie out in the late 90s , which only sort of resembles the book , and it 's on DVD here on amazon ! So check that out instead .
 This is n't the first Louisa May Alcott book that I 've ever read , but it made me a little sick from sugar-shock . Everyone loves each other and money is n't very important to the characters with the exception of one person . I picked out this book because the title seemed quite interesting , but it was about Edith 's absolutely pure heart for a good part of the story . Alcott did well for her first book , but not up to par . It reminds me of many other cute romances published today and I must say it is n't timeless . She wrote about English Lords and lived in New England ! I 've always heard that authors should write what they know , but Alcott did n't . Alcott , thankfully matured in writing over the years and I am grateful as a lover of American Literature .
 Absolutely awful . Discounting the author 's age and experience , discounting too the style of writing and plotting of the time , still absolutely awful . Only read it if you are a true Alcott fan , or there is a gun to your head .
 I can see why it was n't originally published . The main character was to sweet and nice . I could n't stand her ! Do n't waste your time on this book . Read one of L.M. Alcott 's more popular fictional works .
 After the recent publication and success of the long lost `` The Long Fatal Love Chase '' , researchers have been energetic in their unearthing of more `` undiscovered/unpublished '' Alcott manuscripts . I have read and enjoyed the rather sensational and lurid `` Love Chase '' but it was interesting pulp fiction ! The same can not be said for the first novel Alcott wrote and never published . `` The Inheritance '' is a sentimental Victorian love story that traces the fortunes of one Edith Adelon as she eeks out a living on the charity of the wealthy Hamiltons . Chance throws the very eligible Lord Percy into her life as well as the temptress , Lady Ida who tries to wreck her opportunity at love and respectable marriage . The true identity of Edith 's birth is introduced rather sloppily and then she lives happily ever after with her true love . It is rather fortunate that Alcott did not attempt to pen `` Little Women '' at this stage and the maturity she demonstrated in that work would have done wonders on this novella
 You know , these two groups of fellas do n't need detail code samples to work on , VISIO is ALL other tool they 'll need , :-D -LRB- plus they probably wo n't understand a line of code anyway . -RRB- But for a Developer who ALREADY knows the background concepts , skip this , start with Wrox 's Prof DNA if you still need to work on non - . Net 3-tiers stuffs .
 The purpose of this book is provide a system architect with material to influence his corporation to deploy more Microsoft software and Intel hardware on the middle tier.The author is an advocate of a COM + architecture . He will give you material you could find elsewhere if you have the time to do your own research . Of course , then you 'd learn something and that is not the point of this book . The point is to give you something to say back to that pesky CORBA guys or JAVA person who seems to think locking your company into a proprietary software scheme might prove costly down the road.This book is an evangelical endorsement of Bill 's response to IP technologies threating his PC franchise.Everyone in software development knows that Microsoft buys most of their products from smaller companies and then maintains and enhances them in-house . Products that they develop in-house generally are underachievers and either way it takes three major versions before their stuff is deployable outside a lab.I do n't see how MS can hope to penetrate the backend of corporate America with this offering but expect COM + to improve radically over the next two years.Are there CORBA and JAVA bigots who write hit pieces on COM + architectures ? My experience says yes . Systems architecture is sometimes more debate that engineering . I originally looked at this book hoping to learn something new about COM + or C# . I should have just kept hacking on product manuals instead.This book is almost as exciting as the MOM vs RPC debate a decade ago . . NET should be a bigger success than Apple 's Lisa judging from the product quality I 've seen to date . I hope this book ends up on every COM + advocate 's desk.They are really afraid of Java in Redmond . When I met with the COM + / C# developers 2-3 years ago they had 100 's of Java books around their offices . It was the largest collection of Java books I 'd ever seen and I 've worked in Silicon Valley for major software development companies and successful startups too .
 After reading through the first chapter at the bookstore , all I 'm left with is the fear that anyone would read this and use this as the basis for decisions of any importance.Thankfully , Mr. Sessions 's childish style should help keep this to a minimum.Apparently anyone who can rub two crayons together can write a book nowadays .
 The only thing I got out of this book is that Mr. Sessions drinks a lot of coffee at Starbucks . I think the purpose of this book was to promote Starbucks to programmers and maybe this is how Mr. Sessions will make his money . A word of advise to Mr. Sessions . When addressing programmers and technical manager you * can * use real world examples . You are not explaining things to children here . I was very offended by the shallow examples the book gives . Additionally , it will actually help to write a book on COM + if you have developed COM + applications . Reading the help files do not qualify you to be an authority and write a book . This book is a waste . Luckily , I was able to get my money back .
 It is clear that Sessions is biased toward COM + . I would have no problem with that if he were up front about it . The book provides some good COM + insights and recommendations , but it is like going to Starbucks and asking them their favorite coffee shop .
 From the start , Trotsky always thought that revolution in any one country could only succeed if it received the active support of revolutions in other countries . But similarly , these other revolutions would also need to receive help from others
 Approaching Windows 98 from several years of utilitarian 3.1 I was dazzled and somewhat awed by this magnificent desktop at my disposal . I was looking for clear directions to perform tasks . I found the book frustrating and tiresome to read because of the longwinded explanations . Making matters worse is the clutter of technical information and tips mixed in with instructions to perform tasks . -LRB- eg . 4 pages on fomatting a diskette ; 1 page on getting ready and 3 pages on formatting . -RRB- The design and content of the CD ROM lessons are good but I was never able to use the navigation tools to repeat a frame or lesson without being told I had performed an illegl action and my computer crashing . Dragging rarely worked . Illustrations are small so when dialog boxes are open everything looks the same shade of gray . The skills challenge at the end of each chapter is a good review . The book would be more helpful to me if it was reorganized to clearly state objectives in terms of what the student will be able to do -LRB- outcomes -RRB- throughout each chapter as instruction progresses from task to task . As each chapter deals with many topics , concise chapter summaries in point form would be powerful . .
 Several facts on this subject need to be mentioned .1 . In late 1864 a large Union cavalry raid of several thousand men , from Baton Rouge , La. , to Pascagoula , Ms. , made it as far as New Augusta and the Lucedale , Mississippi areas , right through the very heart of the Pineywoods region and the very boarders of Jones County . No mention in the war records of this expedition mentions ANY pro-union support from the people of that area . No mention of the `` Free State of Jones '' , no mention of Newt Knight or his company of pro-union irregulars . Even Newt Knights own history , written by his son , does not mention any contact with this very large and noticable force or of its existance so close to their base of operations . The Union expedition was turned back in a skirmish with Confederate forces just south of Lucedale and forced to retreat to the coast .2 . After the war during reconstruction the Federal Government setup commissions to document and determine damages to pro-union Southerners committed by Union forces . According to the commission records the Pineywoods section of the state had some of the fewest claims on record . To win a claim against the Federal Government a person had to prove loyalty to the Union ; and prove damages officially by Union forces.The records state that ... Jasper County - 2 filed claimantsJones County - 1 filed claimantGreene County - 1 filed claimantSimpson County - 1 filed claimantSmith County - 1 filed claimantWayne County - 2 filed claimantsPerry County - 0Covington County - 0The Warren County , not a Pineywoods county on the Mississippi River , had over 350 claims on record . If the Pineywoods counties were pro-union there should have been more claims from here since several well known Union Raids crossed right through this area , i.e. Grierson 's Raid , which survived by taking from the locals food , fodder and materials , plus any valuables they could find for the taking .3 . The 1860 Election Returns for the Pineywoods section is upsidedown from the popular history presented.Jasper County - 361 Bell , 712 Breckinridge , 18 DouglasJones County - 96 Bell , 264 Breckinridge , 0 DouglasGreene County - 45 Bell , 250 Breckinridge , 0 DouglasSimpson County - 136 Bell , 370 Breckinridge , 3 DouglasSmith County - 234 Bell , 517 Breckinridge , 5 DouglasWayne County - 110 Bell , 180 Breckinridge , 0 DouglasPerry County - 105 Bell , 201 Breckinridge , 6 DouglasCovington County , 106 Bell , 391 Breckinridge , 8 DouglasBell was the Union Party candidate , Breckinridge was secessionist candidate . If Jones County was pro-union then this fact should certainly would been reflected in the votes for president . Bell won in several counties along the Mississippi River where the population of slaves and the size of plantations was GREATEST , and where secession would do most harm . Breckinridge , the secessionist candidate , won in primarily non-slave owning counties . The fact that Jones County was against secession is put into doubt when the official records show different.When reading the history of the `` Free State of Jones '' one should be aware there is no official documentation to support most of the stories presented in any of them .
 The Free State of Jones by Victoria E. Bynum Used paperback bookIt was perhaps my own misunderstanding of the book 's content , but I ordered the book expecting a break down of family names and their desention into mixing the races . What it was , was a general history of segragation and intergration which can be found in any Mississippi History book . There was only one page in the book that even mentions any of my family 's names Pg .202 . I will either resale the book or destroy it.The Free State of Jones
 The State of Jones NEVER EXISTED , per Dunbar Rowland , the preminent Mississippi Historian . Discussion Over .
 This is a troubling product ... It was obviously slapped together in a few months after 9/11 's military escalation ... Yet the book is worth less than the ink and paper absorbed in its quick production . No special insights about what distinguishes Secretary Rumsfeld appear . The book is about an abstraction . It is based on public information stichted together abruptly in the obvious hope of making a quick buck from the prominence Rumsfeld gained at the hands of a concerned nation absorbed by daily Pentagon press briefings.Beyond this cheap publishing angle , in substance the book is empty . It could be about any figure who strikes an average reader -LRB- the mass target audience of the quick buck book gambit -RRB- , at a gut level as having leadership qualities . No relevant lessons can be drawn from the assembled data . No analysis even of that limited data is conducted that could teach anything about the character of influence and leadership.Any proper approach to examining the leadership qualities of a public figure would entail far more thought and reflection than went into this skinny volume . Research would include interviews with substantial numbers of people who actually know the person . For a subject who is an active leader , research would certainly include interviewing that person -LRB- not done in this case -RRB- . Most obviously to a thoughtful reader but not to this book 's author , perspective borne of historical distance may be necessary before anaccurate and meaningful appraisal can be given of the leadership skills of the US 's current Secretary of Defense .
 I was dissapointed in this little book . It looks like the book was rushed out to capitalize on the war and Rumsfeld media attention . Not much here in terms of learning - Rumsfeld is pretty command and control .
 This book was lazily researched , devoid of any discipline or focus and suggested nothing more than an effort to capitalize on Rumsfeld 's recent celebrity in the guise of a management book . That it was written by an editor with a major publisher is astonishing . I found it 's primary value to be as a way of getting to sleep after a long day .
 Leadership lessons of Donald `` Rummy '' Rumsfeld ? The man who does n't let little things like world events , force capability , or the experience level of his senior commanders get in the way of his version of reality ? Ok , I decided to keep an open mind . After all , as a military officer , he is my in my chain of command . But after reading this , I have to agree with the reviewer from the UK - rubbish . The only lessons you will learn here are those that show you what not to do . Rumsfeld has single handedly alienated most of the senior officer corps , not to mention most of the military too . The anger within the military towards Rumsfeld is growing . I would n't be surprised if , push come to shove , at some point the military refuses to do this man 's bidding . If it keeps up much longer , a coup seems certain . This book , if followed , will lead to the same situation in your company - divisiveness , anger , and ultimately implosion . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This book is a relic of 2003 , when the Bush administration had just finished invading Iraq , and `` Mission Accomplished '' banners were proudly hung . People that engineered the war were hailed as great leaders and intellects of our time.What a difference a few years makes . Rumsfeld has resigned in the wake of a bloody 3-year quagmire with no end in sight , Bush is about to increase troop levels , and the month of this review -LRB- December 2006 -RRB- has been one of the bloodiest in Iraq to date , and all but the most hard-nosed of conservatives have conceded what a disaster this war has been.This book almost comes across as a parody now - the leadership qualities Rumsfeld is praised for in this book , `` Creating Coalitions '' , `` Acquiring intelligence '' , have been tragically turned on their heads - the US rushed into this war without U.N. support , and the intelligence they claimed to have acquired turned out to be disastrously wrong.The straight-shooter , no BS style that so many conservatives have praised - basically , ignore what other people think and charge into situations half-cocked and uninformed like a `` Maverick '' - ironically underscores the qualities that made Rumsfeld such a massively incompetent and ineffective leader . Rumsfeld 's war has become a cautionary example now , a case study in what not to do as a world leader.On the bright side , you can get it cheap - some sellers on amazon are letting it go for as little as $ 0.01 now . And for camp value , this book is fantastic . But as a study in effective leadership ? You might as well read a book by Enron executives on how to run a successful , ethical corporation.If you want the darker , true tale of the type of leadership Iraq has seen during this occupation , I reccomend `` Imperial Life in the Emerald City '' by Rajiv Chandrasekaran .
 The author finished the book in early 2002 , therefore many of the controversial decisions Mr. Rumsfeld made are not discussed . Mr. Krames is an avid fan of the previous Defense Secretary which blinds his objectivity . He never interviews the employees that worked for the secretary in the public or private sectors . All of his ancedotes are taken from an elite group . The reader will not learn anything new about Mr. Rumsfeld 's decision making .
 The Rumsfeld Way ! Ha ! Perhaps it is too harsh to give this book one star . After all , if read from the proper perspective this book might provide some valuable lessons such as : * Ignoring reality * Getting involved in a catastrophe purely by choice * Not listening to those more knowledgeable than oneself , and humiliating them for attempting to give advice * Alienating all of one 's subordinates * Creating unnecessary enemies all around * Putting the lives of those for whom you are responsible in grave danger through one 's incompetence and indifference * Speaking in a convoluted and irritating wayFollow the Rumsfeld Way and you too can be an utter failure !
 Don Rumsfeld likes to portray himself as so `` tough '' . Yet when presented with the opportunity to prove it by serving in armed combat during the Korean War , he dodged military service by sitting it out at Princeton with a student deferment . The book conveniently glosses over this salient fact . This man has no claim to honor , and the book is a waste of valuable trees .
 I ca n't believe this Cold War dinosaur is still in power let alone revered for his `` leadership '' qualities . Apart from the fact that he 's a phycho the guy is 70 + years old for God 's sake.He should do mankind a favour and retire to Miami or wherever it is that Republicans retire to . There he can be out of harm 's way playing golf and reminiscing over the good old days.I think America is on a serious cultural decline if a serious publication like McGraw-Hill is publishing rubbish like this . I know freedom is a `` wonderful thing '' and that America is a place where anyone can read say what they like , worship freely etc. . However , think how more wonderful that freedom would be if used more constructively . I mean what are we to expect next
 I give this book 2 stars for its comedic value . What a hoot ! Tough ole Rummy , who never fought a battle in his life outside a board room . This book 's best use would be for lining a litter box , but I would n't insult my cats that way .
 All we need is more psychopaths like DR running the world into dust and ashes .
 Publisher McGraw-Hill has stooped to an all-time low with this vulgar and disgraceful attempt to cash in on the impending war by presenting Mr. Rumsfeld as a business maverick . In reality , he 's nothing more than a bitter war monger.Shame on you McGraw-Hill and Mr. Krames - what a pity that this once admired publisher now slimes its way through the business world .
 This book has very little substance . It written in a strange style , and little summaries at the end of each chapter . This is a very fast read , double spaced and all . Though this book does have some interesting facts it is far from a bio or an account of Rumsfelds time as SoD . I would n't pay full price for this book , but if you want a quick read get it used !
 This book was awful and I had to throw it away 2 hours after reading it . I just think it is full of falsehood and frankly is so overtly white neo nazi racist I was gagging . I 'm white , I 'm into preparedness , I 'm a constitutionalist . . yet this book is completely false . I will fight alongside any race that loves and values freedom . It really has nothing to do with race , it 's about your respect for property rights and freedom . This author gets it all wrong because he 's SO HUNG UP on race . He thinks the US will divide into 3 nations by race alone . How dumb can you be . I can see that the mexicans are n't integrating into US culture and that is a concern ... but black folk , some hispanic folk , just as white folk will defend our constitution . This book is defending the KKK and all other white neo groups ...
 I found the book to be for the most part to be irrelevant to current times and situations . The author is obviously fixated on problems with race which while somewhat relevant concerning the nations ' situation in failing to stem the mexican invasion , it falls flat almost everywhere else . I would not recommend it to my friends , and would not keep it as a part of my personal library ... In fact , I would suggest that Amazon remove it from it 's listings as it has little or no value to the consumer unless they were a white power racist stuck in the 1990s .
 Chittum has done a fine job of collecting statistical facts that point to the racial polarization of American society . Much of what he writes could well become fact . That being said , this book serves as fuel for those that need their racist views validated . If you think that the U.S fought on the wrong side in World War II , you 'll love this book . Reference the reviwer below that stated that their preferred reading was `` The Turner Diaries '' and `` Hunter '' , books written by William Pierce , head of the American Vanguard .
 Now do n't get me wrong , I love a good conspiracy book or one about some future domestic conflict as much as the next guy.With that being said , I found this book one of the most boring books I read in a very long time ! I 've had this book for about a year now , and I started it half a dozen times but I 've never been able to get past the first 50 pages.While I give the author credit for his obvious exhaustive research , he desprately needs someone to show him how to write a book that is readable ! This is not a novel as much as it is a referance book.If someone ever needed to look up facts and figures , this is the place to go.With a pie chart or bar graph on every third or fourth page it is more an encyclopedia than a novel.If you 're looking for entertainment or even info-tainment , avoid this book !!!
 Chittum obviously ignored the history of this country when he wrote this book . First off he engages in the kind of anti-immigrant sentiment that countless people have in the past , only he targets hispanic immigrants rather than the southern European immigrants of the late 19th century . He writes nothing of American Vernacular culture , which eventually breaks down all immigrant communities regardless of what race or ethnic group they are . Another thing I find irritating is the way he refers to New Mexico as a `` mini third-world country '' , just because half of it 's population is non-white . Overall this has failed to convince me of anything horrible happening in this country because of race or ethnicity . Also , for anyone who believes that Chittum is not a racist or right wing extremist , please take a look at his website .
 I 'd purchased this book some years ago from a mail-order provider of unorthodox and delightfully anarchistic publications , hoping for a well-analyzed and well-reasoned discussion of those factors most likely to negatively influence the social and political unity of these United States in the near future.That 's not what I found between the covers of this screed.Although there are hellacious problems related to the bone-headed `` politically correct '' facilitation of immigrants ' reluctance to assimilate themselves and their progeny into the mainstream social and cultural structure of these United States -LRB- particularly the `` multicultural '' approach that even more grievously degrades the quality of education made available to Hispanic and African-American children in those government indoctrination centers that masquerade as our public education system -RRB- , and though this can certainly be viewed as a threatening circumstance , precisely what we do * not * get in this book is any sort of credible approach to the situation.Mr . Chittum has instead regurgitated a lot of plain , old-fashioned bigotry , thinking somehow that he had smoothly disguised the bile and the muriatic acid by dosing himself with a bottleful of Maalox before vomiting into his word processor . Not bloody likely . Nothing original , nothing perceptive , and nothing of any real value except as an insight into the mindset of a humorless praxeological cripple ...
 Oh , how sorry we all should feel for poor Mr. Chittum and all his reationary friends who have to endure the horrors of living in a progressive modern state based on such heresies as universal human rights and tolerance . They might actually have to live next door to a Cambodian or ride the bus with a gay person . Boo-hoo ! Better to revert to the Dark Ages and found new warlike nations based on blood , soil , and religious fanaticism . Not im MY future , buddy . If anyone turns America into `` another Balkans '' it will be people with ideas like those in this book -- not liberals .
 Oh , God , this is like redneck/gun freak/conservative porn . Every Faux News talking point gets mentioned about a zillion times , there 's the palpable fear of those dark-skinned furriners , and there 's not even any zombies.This seems to be part of quite a little niche marketing ; Reichwing apocalypse porn , usually written by the sort of officers you 'd hate to serve under
 Chittum is obviously correct when he notes the shifting demographics of America . With the rapid spread of the supposed desirability of multiculturalism and the abandonment of the `` melting pot '' ideal , we do run the dangerous risk of becoming Balkanized . That being said , Chittum writing in 1995 employed a repeated tactic to drive his various points home . He constructs a scenario and then makes several `` predictions '' . To lend credibility to his predictive powers , included within his predictions are events which had already occurred by 1995 . In short , several times he states that events 1 through 6 will take place . And then he adds , `` As a matter of fact , events 1 and 2 have already occurred '' , thus imparting believability to predictions 3 , 4 and 5 . A rather neat hook . Elsewhere he makes blatant misstatements . Examples ; he stated in 1995 the US economy was weak ; that the US was no longer `` the world power '' ; that it is impossible to have a peaceful transfer of power in Mexico , which we witnesses last year . Omitted from his vision of a coming US Civil War is the role of other world powers . Does he really think our friends and foes alike will calmly sit on the sidelines while this battle rages ? Hardly.The book has value in that it raises valid concerns about our shortsighted immigration policy . No nation in history lasted very long when the dominant culture was no longer shared by the majority of the population . The shift in population of Arizona , New Mexico , Texas and California has serious overtones.And who does Chittum claim is behind this purposeful break up of the US ? At various times he referred to them as `` the establishment '' , `` global elitists '' , `` establishment media '' , `` global , imperialist establishment '' and yes , even the `` Trilaterialist '' . Could something besides shortsighted democrats merely wanting to swell their ranks be behind all this ? Something far darker ? Perhaps . But it would appear Chittum does n't have a clue as to who or what they are .
 Thankfully I did n't buy this book . I read the preview that Amazon invites us to explore . This is not a serious work of scholarship . Your not going to see this book taught at Harvard . You wont see it used at Liberty University either . Not at a community college . The target audience is a male who may have a HS diploma and probably is in the military . There 's nothing particularly wrong with that audience , I was an enlisted 11B myself . I have a sweet spot for `` Starship Trooper '' the book not the movie , myself.So where do I begin . `` Empires are inherently unstable '' , was a point that is made early on . Well the Roman empire started with either Julius or Augustus depending on your point of view , and ended with the fall of Constantinople . That 's about 1500 years . The modern nation called `` Germany '' was actually established at the end of the Franco-Prussian war in 1871 and gave the world Hitler about 60 years later , so what does `` history show us '' . It kind of keeps going like that . Empires have elites , since the US is an empire it must have an elite . Because the US has an elite it must be an empire.Seventy Five years ago , people would argue if Jews where white . When the Irish first came here during the potato famine -LRB- because of liberal immigration policies -RRB- many people considered them sub-human . There are people today who think if you 're Sicilian you must have a mafia connection and many of those people are Neapolitan . So I read the book and it tells me that we are doomed because whites which have shared homogeneous values are declining . I think this is absurd . Whiteness is not sameness . It was n't 75 years ago and it is n't now.Just because ideas are not politically correct or are offensive to others , does not necessarily impart them as a `` truth '' .
 The real conflict in this country has always been class-based , not race based . The whole idea of `` race '' is a fiction started up by scientific analysis of different `` types '' of people and their supposed characteristics . Chittum ignores this reality.The fiction of `` race '' was glommed onto by early Anglo-American leaders as a useful tool for keeping the lower orders at each other 's throats , rather than uniting together against their real enemy , `` The Man . '' Even Richard Nixon -LRB- probably a saintly figure in the eyes of Chittum 's fans -RRB- LIKED the idea of affirmative action because he knew it would further fan the flames of white resentment over threatening , `` job-stealing '' minorities.There 's no ethnic/racial war coming , but there HAS been a class war going on , ever since this country broke away from England for mostly financial reasons . Look at the tremendous rise in interracial relationships as evidenced by the recent census -- most Americans LOVE Tiger Woods , in part because he embraces his multiethnic heritages . Chittum is another paranoid fantasy-weaver who 's been brainwashed into overlooking the realities of class conflict ; when ethnic/racial violence gets worse in this country , look around for economic strain enforced on the participants from above -- it 's always there . Why , for instance , would whites worry about blacks and others taking their jobs through affirmative action unless there were n't enough jobs to go around ? Why , to give a more specific example , did two white Detroit autoworkers in the 1980s go after and kill a supposedly Japanese man -LRB- Vincent Chin -RRB- when they lost their jobs , rather than `` The Man '' above them who had mismanaged their company?Oh , and how is race a `` fiction '' when you can look around and see Hispanics , blacks , Asians , and other `` races '' ? For one thing , think about all the mixing that 's already occurred -- demographers and others estimate that 80 % of black Americans have white blood -LRB- most whites do n't know whether they do or not , as such `` shameful '' mixings in the family tree were typically hushed up -- also , many `` blacks '' with `` white '' blood have passed into whiteness , marrying whites and making `` white '' families -RRB- . And how can you be sure you 're looking at a `` Hispanic '' person when the group includes people of so many different genetic types ? And what does it mean to say Asian when China alone has so many different genetic types and features within it , or when Asian Indians differ so much from other Asian groups , and also include many other types ? These realities are n't all that complicated , but they certainly counter the simplistic `` white '' versus `` colored '' worldview of Chittum and his fans . A mixed America will continue to mix more and more , instead of breaking down into divisive , hateful camps , despite the efforts and desires of our moneystuffed leaders.See Michael Moore 's insightful and hilarious film , _ The Big One _ , if you want a more realistic vision of what 's tearing this country apart . And read Omi and Winant 's _ Racial Formations _ , or Ted Allen 's _ The Invention of the White Race _ , or Ignatiev 's _ How the Irish Became White _ , or Brodkin 's _ How the Jews Became White Folks _ , or so many others that show so clearly how silly we 've been to let the idea of race occupy so much of our time and energy .
 White Americans are evidence of multiculturalism working . How many white Americans do you see with the name `` John Greenberg '' `` Steve Bjornsen '' , `` Richard O'Neil '' , `` Daniel D'Amico '' and so on ? Lots of them . We did n't get those last names by accident , but rather by multiple cultures melding with each other , adopting the main culture , and discarding the old culture as incompatible with their new life.Our multicultural society has worked and it will work once the new immigrant groups assimilate into ours . However , he does have a point that some of these immigrant groups resist assimilation .
 I was very obvious to me , the profound level of ignorance that this author possessed . It 's clear that Mr. Chittum 's racially-biased point of view is based on facts that are incorrect and points of view that are quite irrational . I pity a man that has to console himself with lies filled with ignorance and superficial , racial superiority . The delusional paranoia illustrated in this book clearly states obvious symptoms of an uncultured , frustrated man . Authors of books like this one and `` The Turner Diaries '' are proof of the shameful , uneducated ignorance that someday , god willing may be forgotten .
 Boy was I dissapointed by this book . This book is nothing but a series of short pointless stories . It contributes nothing to the debate on a very important issue .
 What a waste of money ! She loves the life she did n't expect ? Page after pages sounds more like she 's praying for a man to come along and save her . Let 's all just bide our time until a man comes along . I do n't fault her for wanted to get married , but the last thing I wanted to read this weekend were a bunch of short stories about how all her friends are getting married and she is n't . The reality is if she really loved the life she did n't expect she would talk about all the things she has done because she is single . If I had gotten married , I never would know the joy of living on my own , come vacation time I always get to pick where I go next and I love my career . Believe me , there is something to be said for doing what you want , when you want without input from someone else . Sure someday I may get married , but he would have to be a heck of a guy for me to give what I 've got . So bottom line , live your life for you , not for someone who may or may not come into your life .
 I just could n't muster finishing this book . In my opinion it had nothing to do with it 's title . It was boring and had a few tidbits on how God might want us to live a single life . But , the author failed to keep me interested in the subject matter . There were a few paragraphs that I could ponder but ultimately , I could n't finish this book .
 More inbreeding issues.A third novel in this series that is basically the same quality as the one preceding it , and adds little more to what is going on , or more of the same . Aliens remove breeding , then want to hybridise and cross-breed , and it turns out they may need some human breeding after all . DOH.Or , aliens can be stupid and make scientific mistakes when conquering , too .2 out of 5
 After the initial premise was developed , it was all downhill . At first I was enthralled , but sadly , it became boring .
 I was expecting so much more after _ Dawn and this book wasa disappointment . I know many people who never bothered toread the last book in the series because this one lefta bad taste in their mouths.The characters just did n't connect , no empathy with them .
 The author 's background explanation of IP was a nightmare.His insistance that UDP is a member of the TCP/IP protocol suite is such a skewed perspective that it made me wonder if he had any competence with IP at all and made me suspicious of the remainder of the material . If he held this viewpoint for some reason -LRB- historical , or otherwise and not simply complete ignorance of the subject matter -RRB- I somehow missed that.The editing was atrocious , which did n't help at all.The author provides his e-mail to give comments and feedback , which I tried to do when I found that I had so many notes and errata that I was having trouble writing them all down in the book 's jacket . However the e-mail addresses given for the author are no longer working . -LRB- Perhaps wisely ! -RRB- The first 3 chapters were a garbled intro to IP.The sections on speech production and digitization in Chapter 4 were very good . Chapter 5 on telephony was a good chapter . Chapter 6 included a nice simple explanation of SIP.Chapter 7 was about VoIP equipment which is probably OBE.Chapter 8 was a complete joke . Explaining ping and traceroute , which should probably have been covered in the beginning sections on IP , but which most likely was boiler plate from other publications by this author.I got this book free from Cisco and it was worth every penny .
 In the summary of book 's introduction , it looks like filling with lots new technologies , i.e. H. 323 , IP/ATM , and says to be suited for netowrk administrator , engineers . It 's hard to believe only 4 or 5 pages can cover such topics . I strongly feel I am deceived . For entry level engineer or marketing persons , this book may be good . But for those engineering persons , I suggest you to forget this book .
 This book trys to use simple language to explain many complicated topics , and it fails to expain well . The author is knowledgable on telephone operations , but other than that , do n't expect to learn anything from this book . I want to learn more about VOIP/ATM , H. 323 , CELP , but I feel very very disappointed after read through the whole book . If you 're a design engineer , do n't expect to learn angthing from it . If you 're a high school student , or a household wife , this may be a good book .
 A guide on how to take $ $ $ from others and profit from their demise . We still do n't get it do we ? Not at all impressed ... proceed with caution
 Having read the other reviews , I bought this book with high expectations . I was very disappointed . The book lacks details and contains too much cursory , trivial and anecdotal information . For example , the author explains that public records are listed in alphabetical , he gives great examples of which mobile office equipment to buy and describes over and over how wonderful the internet is but glosses over important details like actual examples of what exactly you find in the public records and examples of how to determine if a deal is worthwhile or not . He talks about due diligence and that one should research the public records to get information from 50 different places . He even goes on to tell a story about a women who did n't do enough research and ended up with a $ 19,000 tax lien attached to her pre-foreclosure property . Again though , he never shows any examples or those records or HOW to use those records to determine if a deal is worthy or not . His step-by-step process is not detailed enough to put into practice without doing tons more research . The book seems unfocused and often times wanders away from the point . Overall not a very practical book but probably a pretty good buy if you know nothing about foreclosures , pre-foreclosures or home buying in general .
 I took this book out from my local library . I can not figure the motivation for someone with equity in their home to sell that equity for nothing ; accrued equity is one of the greatest advantages to purchasing property . This approach also does not take into account the potential for home values to plummet , as we saw recently . A better question an investor might want to ask themselves is why the homeowner is unable to sell their home despite the equity they 've built up , and if it is realy an investment at all . Like many methods that supposedly beat the market , this one will not last the test of time .
 After reading this book , I get the feeling that it 's written for people who watch those `` As seen on TV '' ads . Lots of hype , but did not really teach me anything useful . Buy at your own risk .
 I purchased this book some 6-8 months ago and I have used it and the resourses provided by Thomas on a daily basis . I am a nurse and I am looking to retire int he nxt couple of years . You can not buy another book on the market that provide the informaiton and resources that this book provides . I give it a 5 + rating .
 I just got my first hand experience with this guy . His attitude really stinks . Tried asking him for an advice on making a purchase on his books and in return , he responded with a rude and a frustrated remark . Do n't waste your money on his books . He is not worth spending your hard earned dollars .
 I bought this from Canada . I was naive enough to think the contents applied here . But it deals with US laws and real estate only . Therefore it should not have been made available to non US citizens , OR should have been labelled as `` For US market only '' or words to that effect . Very likely to be fine if you are a US citizen though . But if you 're not American , beware ! With transportation , that 's over $ 40 wasted .
 The book is decent , but there are much better books on foreclosures out there.I was n't very impressed with the amount of information that was given . I was able to find out more in some of the other books .
 Thought the book is agood general introduction , I would recommend a more hands on approach , written many years ago -LRB- so ignore the house prices which were wayyy lower back then -RRB- a classic by Bill Greene >> > Distress Property How to Buy It in California -LRB- do n't let the California in the title scare you offf , basic principles apply anywhere ; he just includes addresses of state govt agencies in CA -RRB-
 This `` nonfiction '' book , which turned 50 this summer , is worth reading for many reasons by young and old . But delivering the `` truth '' about 1960 America -- or anything else -- is not one of its strong points . Based on what I accidentally found out in 2010 when I set out to follow Steinbeck 's `` TWC '' trip as faithfully as possible , the book is mostly fiction and untrustworthy at every level . As I detail inDogging Steinbeck
 ... With his French poodle dog Charley , John Steinbeck set out in his truck Rocinante to explore and experience America at the age of 58 . He meets a lot of different people on his way across the nation . What follows is an account of the places he goes and the people he meets during he 's three-month journey . In he 's journey john was not happy with most of the big American cities for example Chicago and Texas as having problems of people not being very friendly compare to the American villages . He was also appalled by racism in new Orleans.I like the description he gave of Maine and New England in general in 60 's . It has not really changed , most of the things he talked about or saw are still around.My view of the book is that it is not exciting at all , it is too plain ! . It does not cause any curiosity to the reader .
 John Steinbeck sees the United States in another special angle or we may say in his personal angle . In John Steinbeck 's book , Travels with Charley , he sees the America as a humanistic person more than a high-develop industrial country . So he focuses on the people instead of the constructions . He goes into the countryside , because in his eyes this is the root of America . In his travel , the customs and the ways the American live are the landscapes . He avoids or at least try to avoid the big cities . He would rather drive on a local than drive on a high way . In his trip the thing he tries to find or to see in the root of America .
 John Seinbeck , the author of Travels With Charley , has set out on a journey . His mission is to find out more about the American people . Although he wrote about them , he felt he did n't know enough about them . The book shows how the average life of someone in California would be compared to the average life of someone living in New Hampshire . With Charley , his faithful dog , by his side , he seemed to feel very comfortable meeting people of high and low financial status , people from his very own home town and people from places he had never visited before . Although the story seems to bore the reader often , a lot of information about the American people can be fofound out by simply reading this tale of America .
 I was n't too into this one . I 'm a big fan of Steinbeck 's fiction , but this memoir is rather dull . I was looking to hear what he had to say about the zeitgeist of America at the time he wrote it . But as an older man -LRB- as he even admits -RRB- he is n't as inspired to talk to or rub shoulders with people whom he crosses paths . The ones that he does write about come across as a bit uninspired . Nothing much happens on his journey and it almost seems like he does n't have too much to say.The one highlight was the last couple of chapters , when he goes to the South -LRB- New Orleans -RRB- and witnesses all the slimy , seperatists as they scream and holler , with pure craven hatred at the first little black children to be integrated into public schools . He is disillusioned and angry and when he tells the tale of what he saw it is absolutely heartbreaking.As much as a mediocre work as it was , I did take an interest in it because I am a fan of Steinbeck . It was cool to hear him write a memoir . Other Steinbeck fans make get something out of it as well and for them I recommend it , just on that basis . As long as you take into account the stuff I said above . If you have n't read Steinbeck , please ... start with `` The Grapes of Wrath '' or `` Tortilla Flat . '' Those are much better works and will give you something to go on if you try to read this .
 I 'm giving Travels w / Charley two stars because at least there are n't any typos , and there are very few hyphenated words appearing in the middle of sentences.The problem with TWC is that all the white space between text sections has been removed -LRB- rather , overlooked -RRB- , but the non-indent of the new opening paragraph remains . What that means for the reader is confusion as the chapters are a collection of non sequiturs.Conclusion
 The book was not in EXCELLENT condition . The first few pages w title and copyright information , etc were torn out .
 Steinbeck can really write well , I just wish had n't been so indulgent to think he should share such a boring trip .
 A master story-teller , he should have stayed with stories . This is a bore .
 All throughout this book , John Steinbeck babbles on about his trip . It 's very boring . Basically
 Considering Steinbeck 's undoubted and deserved reputation as one of America 's greatest writers , some parts of the book are disappointing . Of course it is basically a travel diary and the descriptions of the towns , the people and the events Steinbeck meets along the way are such as many of us would include , probably in similar style in our own travel diaries . However there are two major exceptions to the above . First , Steinbeck 's description of his desparate search for veterinary relief for his dog Charley when he gets ill . And second
 I found this book very boring and unintesting . I love reading books by Steinbeck but it seems that he gave up when he wrote this one . There was no excitement and it just seem tiring just looking at it . I would not recommend anyone to read this book .
 The tape 's sound quality is extremely bad . Not only does it sound like it has an echo , it also fades in and out constantly . I am not impressed with this purchase . Even though I got it for a good price , the shipping and handling fees were a complete waste of money , considering the tapes are inaudible .
 This is the most boring book I have ever read in my entire life , and I have read quite a few books . How Steinbeck could say soooooooo much about soooooooo little makes my head hurt . It is very good if you are an insomniac , though .
 The only good thing about this book is it put me to sleep many night
 I am completely indifferent to Steinbeck , no biases , nothing , but I would have to say that this is by far the worst novel that I have ever read . Long , dull depictions of possibly the dryest parts of America dominate this book , along with not-so-clever interactions between Steinbeck and his dog , Charley . Though for a novel this book may be short , it certainly could have ended about 200 pages before it did and we would have gotten the message
 In `` Travels with Charley '' Steinbeck takes a break from the exploitation fiction that made him famous and hits the road . He and Charley , well , travel . That 's it . Along the way there are plenty of things for him to offer opinions of , mostly negative . One gets the feeling that Steinbeck is out looking for more pathetic people to exploit , er , uh , I mean downtrodden subcultures to champion . But in the end , it is clear that Steinbeck concludes that the America of 1962 was n't such a bad place . Gee , thanks Mr. Steinbeck , hey eveybody , we can get on with our lives , John Steinbeck thinks we 're okay!Overall `` Travels ... '' reads like a supreme testament to Steinbeck 's ego . One can almost hear him saying , `` My opinion of this truck is 100 % relavent , I am , after all , John Steinbeck . '' What 's more , it is a `` personal experience '' and nothing dates faster than a `` personal experience . '' I can see how in 1962 rambling around the country offering sporadic opinions might have been the height of literature -LRB- it was right in between `` On The Road '' and `` Easy Rider '' -RRB- but America has changed a bit in the past 40 years . So why is this book still in print ? Apparently , because it was written by John Steinbeck . Although this vidicates his superhuman ego , it does make one grateful that Steinbeck 's publisher did not get a hold of his grocery list . Otherwise we would be subjected to `` Truffles with Chutney ; The John Steinbeck Diet . ''
 Travel with Charley is the most awful book I had ever read in my life . The plot of story is like going nowhere , he keeps telling the same occasion over and over again . He can tell a second of moment into two or three pages . Describe his stupid truck into more than a page . There is nothing interesting in his journey . He said he prefer went through the countryside road than the highway almost every time in the book.Travel with Charley makes me absolutely lost my interesting in reading novels . I think this would be my last novel to read if I do n't have to read it . I 'm not going to insult John Steinbeck 's books ; probably someone out there would like his books to death . I 'm not discouraging people not to read his books , but this is my comment after reading it .
 When i first started to read Steinbeck 's Travels with Charley , i thought that it was going to be an interesting book to read , considering that we where going to have quizzes on it , but as i went on to reading the book it was the worse book i have ever read in my life , the book was boring and long , and It also ramble on and on . i personally did n't see any plot or even a well plan of organization going on . As i continued to read the book i was completely loss and confused , he would talk a lot about he 's french poodle dog that spoke french ; i thought that he was very weird , i also thought that he had major issues . Also when ever he was traveling he would meet all sorts of people and conversate with them , and before you knew it he was conversating with someone else completely different . I would strongly emphize that i would not recommended this book to anyone , because this book would really discourage people from wanted to read anymore of his book . For me personally i would not read another book written by John Steinbeck , and maybe if i decided to give another of his book a chance i would be really cautious .
 Steinbeck seems to have a rather elitist attitude in this book . His ego is on full display . Example
 ... With his French poodle dog Charley , John Steinbeck set out in his truck Rocinante to explore and experience America at the age of 58 . He meets a lot of different people on his way across the nation . What follows is an account of the places he goes and the people he meets during he 's three-month journey . In he 's journey john was not happy with most of the big American cities for example Chicago and Texas as having problems of people not being very friendly compare to the American villages . He was also appalled by racism in new Orleans.I like the description he gave of Maine and New England in general in 60 's . It has not really changed , most of the things he talked about or saw are still around.My view of the book is that it is not exciting at all , it is too plain ! . It does not cause any curiosity to the reader .
 I read this book as a young man and looked forward to re-reading it as an old man . I was excited to get it , but when I opened the package and saw this crummy little book I felt totally ripped off . This thing looks like a grade school reader , not a hard-cover book that you would want to put on a shelf . It is a total rip off . I refuse to pay this much money for garbage quality .
 Steinbeck took a skim across America to find new places and people to DRINK with ... . Then filled more boring pages with ego , which he had to highlight with descriptions of where/how his dog urinated on things .
 WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!Steinbeck has reinvented himself in this work as a pretentious bore . Was this the man who wrote East of Eden ? Hardly seems possible.This Steinbeck comes across as a pseudo intellectual who names his truck after Don Quixote 's horse seems unaware that the New York license plates on the truck will influence what people think of him.He spends time between boring observations inserting a combination of Hemingway toughness and sophomoric intellectual `` name dropping '' . I am sorry after 100 pages I quit ... most of his insights were wrong and the few that were good were n't worth the pain .
 This book is painful to read because you are hosted by a crotchety old man who is annoyed by life and loves no one except his dog . He meets people who he finds boring and visits places that insult him and tells you about all of the lousy things that happen to him and then reminds you of all of the good things that have disappeared about America . If you love Steinbeck do n't read this book because perhaps you are meeting the real man and you will feel different about his other beautiful books . If you do n't know Steinbeck and want to , try Pastures of Heaven or Cannery Row . Those books are how you want to remember him by , and not by this last , wheezing gasp .
 All I can say is that I did n't like this book for the reason of being so boring . I think he paid too much attention to Charley . Instead , he could of made the story more interesting . I could n't focus much on the book , because I did n't have much interest in it . The story was going forward pretty well at the beginning but then it seemed to be stuck in a loop ; everything repeated over & over.I do n't recommend anyone to start off with this book of John Stein beck 's unless one wants to lose the good impression he or she had in mind on him.The winning awards as Pulitzer Prize and National Book Award made him famous and known as a great writer , but personally , I do n't think he put much effort in writing this particular book at all . Although I did n't find much interest in `` Travels with Charley '' but I still look forward to reading another book of his . I 've heard that his other books such as `` Grapes of wrath '' is very interesting . I 'll give it another try ...
 In this rather short novel , Steinbeck tells the reader about the most memorable parts of his cross-country trip with his dog . Unfortunately , these memorable moments are among the most boring narratives that I have ever read ! Steinbeck wastes half of the book on an in-depth study of what his French poodle , Charley , prefers to urinate on , a topic that I personally do not care about at all.Ultimately , I think that had this novel been written in the Middle Ages , it would have quickly replaced the rack as a popular torture method .
 The book was excellent , except for the missing page . I had to return it and I am still looking for another centennial edition .
 This book had some great point in it and they were things that I brought up in the premarital counseling we are doing with our pastor right now but other than those handful of good ideas/points . I as the man have never been more offended reading a book and my fiancee even agrees . We both read this book and took away that the man should be the one to adjust the man should be the one to change and the man should be the one to do all the work . Marriage is a partnership there will be fights there will be growing pains on both sides ,
 I was looking for a study guide that broke down the main idea of each Federalist paper.This did NOT !!!! Generally I have been very satisfied in the past by `` Cliff Notes '' But this one let me down .
 I spent about an hour flipping through various books before choosing this one . The writing seemed pretty clear , and there seemed to be enough examples to give an experienced programmer in other languages a good starting point for learning Java . However , I discovered several things about the examples in the book -1 -RRB- The source code is n't on the company 's web page , as described in the book .2 -RRB- The company wo n't provide the source code , meaning you have to type it in -LRB- not a huge deal , just an inconvenience -RRB- 3 -RRB- The source code does not compile -LRB- The Tstore example has at least seven compiler errors -RRB- and it is n't obvious to a non-experienced Java programmer how to fix it .4 -RRB- The author 's website/e-mail does n't exist .5 -RRB- E-mail to the publisher about the problems go unanswered.So you 're left with a book for which you paid for , and if like me , without the experience to correct the errors . Without being able to resolve the conflict between what the compiler is telling me and what the book is telling me , I found it impossible to learn the language from this book . Find another place to spend your money .
 In his introductory `` Who Should Read This Book '' section , the author says `` If you 're new to programming , welcome ! '' May I suggest instead , `` Run for your life . '' I try to imagine reading this book as a neophyte programmer , and I just shudder.Although the author covers a lot of ground , wisely leaves the reader to search the SunSoft documentation for details where appropriate , and offers many insightful developer-oriented tips , I find his presentation very confusing . Errors in the code samples , cross-references , figures , and text just make things worse . Also , MacMillan/Sams Publishing seems unable to post the sample code files on their website , as promised in the book . And do n't bother with the author 's email or website . They do n't work , and neither does the editor 's email.As a C++ developer moving to Java , I 'm beginning to understand why programmers often speak of all the Java books on their bookshelves . This one starts my collection . Next ...
 A lot of the sample code contains typos and the online sample code does n't exist . Also , the author just points out where to find information in the SunSoft java documentation rather than go into any detail . Stick with O'Riley books
 Beginners , do n't ever make a mistake in buying this book ! Intermediate and advanced users , if you like , you can buy this book and have something to mock about during spare time.I am an intermediate programmer , and I already know a couple of languages -LRB- COBOL , Visual Basic , ASP , some C/C + + -RRB- , I tell you , the author wrote the book not knowing who should read it , or who can benefit from it . It 's too advanced for a beginner , and yet , does n't really offer much for an intermediate or advanced user . Sometimes he talks to a beginner , sometimes , to who knows who . Everything is in bits and pieces.One more thing , the author likes to tell you by looking at information in another place you 'll be able to understand how he presents code in the book . What do you think is the reason why people buy this book ? Also , the source codes which the book said is in the support website , it does n't exist . It figures , the author knows that with a poorly-written book like this , whether the source codes exist or not , it really does n't make any difference . My first java book ----- money down the drain -- I should have just donated it to charity !
 ` bout a year ago I bought this book at London Drugs for 9.99 . What I want to say is that I wasted my money and the only reason was the word `` Professional '' on the cover . Mr. Morgan , could you please explain me what it means?I thought I 'll find something there -LRB- also book was published in 1999 -RRB- ... Doh . It looks like author didnt know what to write about . He jumps from one subject to another , from his ` hospital ' application to UML , then back , then to threads , then ... There is no complete text of application itself , only pieces . Thus it gives nothing to ` professional ' developer.I also dunno who is supposed to read it . From beginning it looks like it is for novice , but in fact it would become incomprehensible -LRB- for novice -RRB- just in 20 pages . But why bother about simple examples on threads , awt etc then?There are no topics which completely covered . Author gives NO explanations on UML , although he uses it . He quickly discusses software development , but never shows how to apply it and never uses on his example -LRB- which is , as I told , incomplete -RRB- . Etc etc.Actually , a year ago I found this book too difficult to me and put it on the shelf in the hope id read it in some time . 4 months ago I did , and found nothing more than empty phrases on academic subjects and trivial -LRB- and bad -RRB- Java basics.If you will find this book in thrift store , buy it and throw away .
 Written by the chief editor of Maximum PC , a magazine devoted to modding and overclocking but not particularly good at it , this is a very poorly written and edited `` book '' that 's basically just a compilation of equally poorly written and edited articles from the magazine 's 2003 issues . Published last summer , it 's already out-of-date . But that 's not its true vice ; the problem is 1 -RRB- it has a lot of factual errors , and 2 -RRB- it does n't give you critical comparisons you need to choose among the products in each category.The book is broken into sections by the different PC components
 The book Attila discusses a young boy 's journey from childhood to adult . The author Peter Hargitai does a good job at portraying the mixed emotions and experiences a boy faces as he is growing up . The beginning of the book displays cliffhangers for the readers as Attila goes through life and death situations . But there is an excessive use of flashbacks in the first half of the story that confuses the reader . The second half of the book should be completely deleted from the book , as it focuses on the future . As a whole , Attila is a good piece of literature . All it needs is some beneficial editing .
 Peter , this book is in need of some help . You had sex , death , action , all the key elements . The only thing was the lack of order in the books context . The class all agreed on the exclusion of part three , good idea . Just look over all the flash fowards and flash backs . Maybe leave less to the readers imagination .
 Still trying to validate the paper it 's printed on . The only thing I liked about the book was the design of the pages . Found the essays not especially well written and am looking forward to discussing it with our book review group to see if they can actually shed some light on the issues . Guess I was n't lonely enough to want to crawl up with this book ... it made me fall asleep .
 The picture of the pod is intriguing , that 's why I bought the product for my son . However , the assembly is very difficult due to the paper weight being insufficient . The tabs are not strong enough to push through the slots and so they fold and come apart . The instructions are with a white model so they are difficult to understand . I needed to use lots of tape to keep this thing together .
 By all means avoid the 2009 U. of Michigan edition of this indispensable book . It is a Google digital facsimile . Most pages are merely ugly , but perhaps fifty are so smudged , as if someone had dragged an inked rag across them , as to be completely illegible . I had to return my copy . Make sure to get the book produced by Oxford University Press .
 I 'm here to echo the comments of the August 18 , 1999 entry here . This book is absolutely terrible , terrible , terrible.First and foremost , let me just say that I am an experienced C++ , Objective-C , PHP , and MySQL developer . I am learning Perl for the purpose of undergraduate research relating to bioinformatics . My problems with this book lay not in my technical ignorance.The book is absolutely ridden with typos and errors . I 'd say a good 40 % of the examples do n't work correctly . One of the more egregious errors is the repeated use of the decrement operator , -- -LRB- that 's 2 minuses -RRB- . Throughout the book , the author references it as being just - -LRB- that 's one minus -RRB- . I 'm guessing the author typed this book up in MicroSoft Word or some other editor -LRB- double minuses followed by a character create an em dash -RRB- which screwed up all of the syntax . Furthermore , the book 's website does not acknowledge these errors at all . Also , many of the coded examples are accompanied by screenshots giving you the expected output . Unfortunately , these screenshots oftentimes offer results far different from what the printed code outputs.To sum up problems with the book :1 -RRB- Lots of typos2 -RRB- Syntactical errors3 -RRB- Mismatched code and expected output4 -RRB- Lack of corrections on the book 's website5 -RRB- There are better books out there6 -RRB- Do n't buy this book7 -RRB- Overly repetitive and verbose
 If there were a way to give negative stars , this book would get -5 Here are my reasons :1 . The source code in example listings contains numerous errors such as missing quotes , mismatched single and double quotes , missing semicolons , and improper function calls containing two sets of semicolons , ie
 It 's not a bad book , but I think there is nothing worse than misleading information when you are trying to learn something new or , in my case , to refresh your memory . On page 228 , the author states that `` splice function does not insert new elements into an array ; it only modifies the existing array . '' This is wrong ; splice function , in fact , can insert new elements . Also , the author does not mention a few very useful functions which I had to look up elsewhere , for example , glob.If you want to use this book , you need a good reference book on Perl as well .
 Serious problems ... The first example the author gives you is an auto-mall program ... WITHOUT telling you what any of the syntax means ... that is the most rediculous thing in the world!Someone who knows nothing about Perl would be turned off right then and there . That 's what happened with me ... I put the book down and said ` the hell with Perl ! '' . Then I wanted to write something that would 've been ideally suited for Perl . I told a couple of guys at work and they told me to pick up ` Programming Perl ' and ` Learning Perl ' by O'Reilly and am I GLAD I did!DON ' T buy this book ... you 'll only be frustrated with it ... get the O'Reilly books instead ... you 'll be glad you did !
 This book is targeted to beginners , and in many cases this philosophy shows repeatedly . However , the layout of the book is not well-designed at all . Many a time you find yourself jumping back and forth between chapters searching for the answers to some language features used in the examples , yet at times you found yourself reading duplicate materials in different chapters . For example , the author taught you some scalar variable usages in chapter 3 , then the -LRB- nearly -RRB- same topic was covered in chapter 5 , leaving the rules for scalar variable naming conventions duplicated in both chapters -LRB- hash is another topic that was repeated in different chapters -RRB- . Another example is that the author referred to appendix A repeatedly , yet either due to author 's cryptic writing or negligence -LRB- or my lack of effort ? -RRB- , I was not able to find it . The author seems to be trying to give you an overall taste of Perl program flavor in the first few chapters then begin to lay down language foundations systematically , yet his intention and writing were confusing enough to turn me away from this book to `` Programming Perl '' from O'Reilly . I had learned a few interpreted or compiled languages before -LRB- though not Perl -RRB- so I was looking for finishing this book rather quickly . However it is the writing not the content that repeatedly got in my way . This book has the right content . Had this book been MUCH better orgnized , it 'd been an excellent beginner book . For its current edition , though , it 's pretty mediocre . If you have enough time to read it through , maybe you will find it helpful , or else you should find some other books that allow you learn the same thing faster .
 first of all. , my reason for giving this book a rating of 1 star isthat I bought it on the assumption that it was a beginners book . It may very well be a good book for intermediate/advanced , but since it has been marketed for beginners I give this a rating of 1 star.I have never been so compelled to rate any book , ever , until seeing the positive ratings.My final remark is , though , Eric C. Herrmann may know his PERL , his verbal/teaching skills are seriously limited ... Phil
 I have been contacted via email by the author of this book overa bad review here concerning errors because I asked him about someproblems I had with the listed source code via email.He emailed me asking for a list of at least 12 errors before the middle of the book claiming that I must have written the review because I am the only person whose error email he had responded to in the last month.I have located and sent a list to the author of 12 errors within the First Quarter of this book.These errors are listed below :1 . page 136 listing 4.1 line 2 -- > printHeader -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- ; -- > 2 sets of parenthesis2 . page 136 listing 4.1 line 14 -- > printHeader -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- ; 3 . page 140 listing 4.2 line 2 -- > printHeader -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- ; 4 . page 140 listing 4.2 line 19 -- > printHeader -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- ; 5 . page 140 listing 4.2 line 24 -- > printHeader -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- ; 6 . page 142 listing 4.3 line 7 -- > ends with '' instead of ' 7 . page 142 listing 4.3 line 8 -- > missing semicolon8 . page 142 listing 4.3 line 10 -- > ends with '' instead of ' 9 . page 142 listing 4.3 line 11 -- > missing semicolon10 . page 250 listing 7.1 line 2 -- > missing double-quotes around hex value -- > returns actual memory address , not the hex value the book says it returns .11 . page 250 listing 7.1 line 5 -- > missing double-quotes around hex value12 . page 250 listing 7.1 line 8 -- > missing double-quotes around hex value
 Note
 I was very disappointed in this book . The title suggets that the book covers tcl programs for the web . I was expecting sockets , http , ftp , etc. . There is a total of 4 pages that deals with sockets . Some good coverage on tclets but minimal . The vast majority of the book -LRB- 90 % -RRB- deals with the various widgits in tk and tcl programming constructs . A good book for beginners to tcl/tk but very little on web development
 This book was dull , boring , had a slow start but had a thrilling ending
 Read review by `` Williams '' , which explains it quite well . Raber may be a good exotic pet owner , but he is definitely not an expert on the animal he owns .
 I 'm a huge fan of Ernest Hill , however I did not like this book which was purchased on my kindle . It dragged on and on and on ... most of the characters were unlikeable . Love can definitely be blind .
 The romance is pathetically told . Of all the guys in school she begins flirting with Aubrey ? Why ? He 's annoying to a fault and the romance is turned into physical attraction , it 's just plain teen lust . The story was sadly told and turns into Amelis 's fantasy of being hot and a hot guy falling for her . It 's a moronic story by a writer with poor talent .
 I will say that I found this book inspiring but not in the same way as any other great book that I would read . The reason for this are all of the ` for a teen ' reviews . I will admit that for a teen Miss Atwater-Rhodes shows promise in her writing , but at the moment she is seriously lacking some key qualities that a real author should have.One of the main things that I missed in this book were these things called ` surprises ' . Typically authors like to put them in their novels to keep the reader on their toes . But I did n't find them in Demon in My View . It was a straight read with nothing that totally twisted the meaning of the story around , and I do n't know about you but there is nothing more enjoying than saying `` I did n't see that coming '' when you are in the middle of a novel.Number two , length . I know quantity does not equal quality , but I feel that this novel was a bit short for the story it told.Number three , a good villain . There are none at all in this book . I personally think that the kind of Vampires that are in these books are kind of wimpy , but even given that there is something wrong in this book . That is that the main antagonist -LRB- the vampire Fala -RRB- is weaker than most of the other characters . Through out the whole book Miss Atwater-Rhodes says time and time again that Aubrey is a very powerful vampire so you know that if Fala does try anything she 's not going to succeed , the villain should always be the strongest -LRB- and Aubrey was a middle character in this book so he does n't count -RRB- . Fourth , the ending . It was just kind of a let down . I really would have liked to see something more than what happened , something more original and unexpected for sure.Now , back to the whole point ; Inspiration . When I read this book it made me what to go out and write a novel that would be considered good by common standards and not just ` for a teen ' , so that people will finally know that us teens can do some things as well as adults can . Not the common way that you are inspired to write but oh well that 's how I felt about this book . I truly hope that Miss Atwater-Rhodes next novel will be considered great for an adult author and not just ` for a teen ' . I would not recommend buying this book at the moment because of it 's price and shortness , wait until it comes out in paperback if you really want your own copy or if you just want to read it then see if you ca n't borrow it .
 I 'll admit to having read three of Atwater-Rhodes ' books , the best of which I liked being Hawksong . This book , however -- like most of her others -- seems to lack something . It 's not that she is n't creative or that she lacks the talent to weave a good story . Perhaps it 's only that she lacks the practice and years of experience that other authors do.Jessica seems to be a bit flat for a main character . She feels a great deal of disdain not only for her adoptive mother but for her fellow classmates at school . Considering that they treat her like she carries some horrible , contagious disease , it 's really no great surprise . But her constant sarcasm and blatant disdain for the people around her are n't really attractive qualities . It 's refreshing to see a `` heroine '' -LRB- I use that term lightly -RRB- who has some kind of spunk and backbone , but she 's overwhelmed with it . Another author also suggested below that it 's a blatant Mary Sue . Although I ca n't quite agree with that -- Mary Sues tend to embody perfection -- I have to agree that it feels like a serious plug-in to me.Aubrey , the vampire `` hero '' of this story did n't spark a whole lot of interest in me . He seemed alot like the typical vamp to me . Cold , uncaring , ruthless ... until he meets Jessica , someone who is n't what I 'd call a ray of sunshine , and by page 104 -LRB- end of chapter 19 -RRB- ends up kissing her . I might be wrong , but I think hundreds of years of previous behavior are n't going to change over night.The one thing I really do appreciate about Atwater-Rhodes 's story telling is the amount of detail that she puts into describing her characters . In comparison , it leaves the rest of the story feeling drab . It would be nice if she could learn to maybe concentrate some more on other things . Another surprise -- her chapters , on average , are no more than a few pages long at the very least . It 's not that I 'm asking for a tome of work here , but I can finish off her books in less than an hour if I 'm not concentrating . I suppose her style is also a lot more simplistic than what I 'm used to , but when you constantly write chapters that last a maximum of five-six pages -LRB- and often end between two and three -RRB- it 's a little pitiful.One other thing I 'd like to remark on that I found ironic and irritating is the symbol of the `` black rose '' for the vampires . Begging your pardon , though , but did n't L.J. Smith use a black/violet rose to symbolize the Night World in her series ? Those books were written quite some time ago , but it was n't so long ago that she could n't have been familiar with that series . She 's only three years older than I am , and I was crazy about those books when I was younger . I 'm not accusing anyone of plagiarism , but I just find it a bit hard to swallow.So I guess , all in all , that although the book itself is n't horrible , it could use some work . There are probably better books to spend your money on , though , folks . I 'm hoping that despite the redundant character personalities Amelia uses , Snakecharm will be better , at least . The title 's catchier , anyhow .
 This book just over uses the whole vampire and human being fall for each other thing . Amelia streotypes the whole outcast thing making them all out as cynical think they are better then everyone.The writer who happens to be writing the exact events in exchange ... see where I am going . This book is full of originality and no thought up ideas by her own creative mind . This book does n't evn show a creative atmosphere . I admit the vampire being able to survive in the sunlight is fine but i think if she was going to change that se should at least tried to change the world a little rathe then setting it in our world using modern world science fiction.I ca n't think od anyone who could relate to her character
 I 'd draw the comparisons between Amelia and I , just to show that I can relate . I 'm a 15 year old aspiring writer who also has a penchant for otherworldly creatures -LRB- vampires , etc -RRB- , but Demon in my View is much like all the other horror/fanfiction stories online , and does n't deserve to be published anymore than they do.For one , I find it ridiculous that Jessica is `` Drop dead gorgeous , has a body to kill for , etc. '' while she is unpopular . No matter how cynical , no matter how bitchy one is , I have found the beautiful ones are always popular.The characters are all vaguely defined spare for the oh so modest autobiographical Jessica , who sounds like she is written to sound too cynical.Seriously , this book was worse than an episode of Dawson 's Creek . And that is very bad indeed . Predictable.In the Forests of the Night was by far better , although short , and still not worthy of publication . Yet Risika was more well-defined , and the novel had a solid if a bit digressive story line.Amelia chose to focus on using words that will make her sound like an adult rather than focus on the developing plot and description . Aubrey was n't even the antagonist . She did in every way possible to just try and make him suave , which made me vomit.In short , it 's acceptable writing , perhaps a pale imitation of 40-year old writers who write teen novels -LRB- Pascal , Pike , Stine , etc. -RRB- Like a bad episode of Dawson 's Creek , irritable characters surface everywhere , the plot is predictable , full of teen angst and not even any witty lines -LRB- that you might see in buffy , at least . -RRB- Acceptable , but not good .
 I will admit that I thought this book was better than than In the Forests of the Night , yet it still did not stand well on its own . As a book written by someone in her teens , it is better than passing . As a piece of fiction on its own , it is a little contrived and unoriginal . Though I like the character Jessica , I liked her more the first times I saw her , as Alisa in The Last Vampire series and Anita from the Anita Blake mysteries . If you have read any of the books from either of those series , you will see the ... shall we say similarities ? If it were not for the novelty of the author 's age , and her obvious , but still to be developed , talent , I would say do n't read this . But this book IS interesting , in its own way . If contradictory . And a bit unoriginal . But still , interesting . Try it .
 Though , this book is slightly longer than the first one , I was still disapointed . First of all , the authors writing style seems to not have improved at all , and her voice sounds like that of Anne Rice and a blend of several other writers , thus denying the quality of uniqueness that makes you want to jump in and gobble up every word . Not only that , but the story is rather unoriginal as well . If you have ever read `` The Last Vampire '' by Christopher Pike , then you will see that the relationship between Jessica and Aubrey is very similar to that of Sita and Seymour -LRB- Seymour also writes true stories about vampires -RRB- . Still , it 's worth a read to make your own opinion . I would have given this book a two and a half if I could have .
 Do n't let the summary fool you . It sounds interesting , but it 's horrible . The plot is pointless , the characterizations are unrealistic , and the main character is definitely not likeable . The entire time I was reading the book , I kept waiting for the good part to start , and then I read the last page and realized it never came . I would n't recommend this book to anyone .
 I did n't really like this book . While the writing is decent for a fifteen-year old , the plot and characterization left much to be desired . Jessica Allodola is spunky but I could n't stand her after a while . The way the author dwells on her looks reminds me a little too much of a Mary Sue in a bad fanfic , and I heavily dislike Sues . Also , her rejection from normal high-schoolers did not really endear her to me , mainly because very little of her behavior made me feel sympathetic for her situation . Caryn Smoke was also annoying in her goody-two-shoe way . There are ways to make goody-two-shoes bearable , but Amelia gives her little depth so I liked her only sometimes , and I spent most of the book disliking her . I wonder if that 's intentional . Aubrey in no way frightened me . Sure he 's Jessica 's protector , but is n't he supposed to be a ALMIGHTY VAMPIRE ? Jeez , my mom could kick his butt in about ten seconds so I 'm not as surprised about this Risika person kicking his butt as I 'm supposed to be . Aubrey and the rest of the vampires lacked real personality and complexity . As for Jessica 's real mother , what kind of person in whatever time period she came from would name their child Jazlyn ? That in no way resembles an old-fashioned name . The witches were annoying , and I disliked them which leaves no character left for me to love . The plot was decent , and there were a few things I liked . Still , I was so bored that I did n't read the last chapter.I give this two stars . The only reason I did n't give it one was because of decent writing and a few interesting plot elements .
 This book just over uses the whole vampire and human being fall for each other thing . Amelia streotypes the whole outcast thing making them all out as cynical think they are better then everyone.The writer who happens to be writing the exact events in exchange ... see where I am going . This book is full of originality and no thought up ideas by her own creative mind . This book does n't evn show a creative atmosphere . I admit the vampire being able to survive in the sunlight is fine but i think if she was going to change that se should at least tried to change the world a little rathe then setting it in our world using modern world science fiction.I ca n't think of anyone who could relate to her character
 When I first read this book , I got through the first chapter and fell asleep on my couch ! I waited two weeks , and forced myself to get all the way through it . The thing I found least exciting about this book is that she wrote the book about her books ! Only a writer down on her luck writes like that . Also , every character was dark , gloomly , the same . I LOVED her last book , In the Forest of the Night . Then in this book , the vampires turned from superman strong to ca n't kill a girl . I was disappointed at this . When I was finished with this book I thought , I can write better then this . Now I am writing my own book . Her books only got published was because she is a teen . Publishers thought , `` Money-maker ! '' Well thanks to you , Amelia , there is going to be a lot more teen writers .
 There are too many plot holes , it 's just too unoriginal . Just like reading one of Christopher Pike or Anne Rice 's books . The ending was quite very weak . The book was just too weakly written .
 I agree with the `` reader from the USA '' . Yes , this chick is very talented and all that , but this book proved very much otherwise . It was a cute story at first but then it just started to become plain boring and cliche . What kind of vampire would go into high-school just to kill some girl ? Why not be smart and attack her while she 's asleep or typing on her computer ? And he does n't kill her because she can stare into his eyes ? It 's just a vampire/human love story gone wrong .
 Every true writer loves the language he works with . Some go as far as to become poets , linguists , philologists . Others become fluent in obscure languages to acquaint themselves with the literary legacies of long-gone peoples -LRB- and understand Enya 's lyrics in the process -RRB- . Word by word , each one crafts his peculiar voice , the quality that makes the author 's writing unmistakable . Precocious Amelia has no such voice of her own . She uses short words , and she uses long words , but no matter how hard she tries , her writing stays flat on the page , as lifeless and uninvolving as any other hack writer 's . This is a key point
 Okay , all you Amelia Atwater-Rhodes fans , do n't jump all over me ! ;-RRB- We are all allowed to have our own opinions . I was expecting a lot more from this book , and was truly hoping that the author would have matured more since her first book.Unfortunately , this was n't the case . Although longer than the first book , there still was n't much to sink your teeth into , so to speak . I also found this book to be a little self-indulgent , on the author 's part , similar to what Anne Rice does on occasion -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- . I am sorry if my opinion does not mesh with yours , but I am entitled to it . I gave Amelia two chances , and even though I am a fan of horror , I probably wo n't read the next one .
 One of my biggest nitpicks , besides the obvious self-insertion , is the fact that somehow , Amelia has picked up the idea that bigger and longer -LRB- in some ways , `` fancier , '' if you will -RRB- are better . What I mean is , Amelia puts in description after description , adjective after adjective . Yes , description is good ... but there is a limit , and unfortunately , the author crosses it time and time again . Is it really necessary to say that the alarm clock 's numbers glow SADISTICALLY ? Amelia seems a bit too in love with tacking on adjectives , adverbs , and the like into her sentences -- almost as if she skimmed over her words and marked all places that , in her opinion , did not have enough description.Plus , Amelia has obviously never heard about the misusing of `` said '' substitutes . What do I mean ? Well , it 's simple . In the story , her characters pretty much mumble , plead , snarl , ask , answer , mutter , or snap ... but they do n't SAY . Or , when they do , it 's normally accompanied by a -- * gasp * -- adverb ! Or some other form of `` embellishment . '' Any writer should avoid this common pitfall of overusing these substitute words . Say it with me -- `` said '' is your friend . You WANT to `` say '' things.Demon in My View is a classic example of why embellishment is not always good . In fact , it can be downright nasty . Unfortunately , Amelia does n't seem to know this ... and some reviewers might mistaken her different , more fanciful style as a teenager with above-average writing skills . But , in reality , it 's just an example of a kid trying too hard ... and failing miserably .
 I had high hopes for this book , but I disliked it even worse than the first . Reader from the Great Lakes is correct
 I love vampire stories . I will obsess over a good one . I will slam a bad one , and I 'm afraid to say this is a bad one.The problem with this story is that it takes a long time to get to nowhere . Plot elements that could 've been interesting just take too long to get to , and the manner in which they are presented makes it seem like nothing has happened at all . There is a climax , but it practically does n't exist . The only point when it even started to get interesting was the end , and that 's probably only because of the possibilities . What would really happen if she had continued the story would be a series of missed opportunities.The protagonist has the personality of a dead fish , and although her origins are interesting I would not like to have another go with this character . The vampires are little better , they have personality all right , the personalities have a depth a grade schooler could have come up with . There is the blood obsessed vampire and then there is the usual misunderstood hot vampire boy . Then the witches , who are just generally pathetic . Even the `` vampire hunter '' witch is a yawn , not to mention abnormally annoying.When I heard the writer was only 16 -LRB- not sure really but somewhere in that range -RRB- the quality of the writing made sense . This is the product of a developing writer who will get much better with practice . What really astounds me is that the publishing house actually saw this book fit to be published . It 's a bore , overwritten and messy . There is a market for all things dark and vampiric but they ca n't seriously expect that audience to be so idiotic .
 This book caught my attention when I heard she was chosen as one of the top teen that would change the world in Teen People , but apparently did n't read it until someone suggested it . So , I decided to read her first book , which is sadly better , then this novel , or shall I say `` novella '' since it is nowhere near the size of an average novel . Only consisting around 30,000-50 ,000 words on average . That 's how short this book is about , something that would take a middle school kid to read within an hour or two.I 've read novellas before and I have read good ones , but this was one of the terrible.Starting with Jessica , our heroine who is this supposed `` tough girl '' with a bad attitude . She 's mean and cynical and sounds like one of the characters from Dawson 's Creek , this is due to the overdrive of sarcasm . The sarcasm is what immediately annoyed me . I hate Dawson 's Creek and listening to teens talk like that.Next up , clich&eacute;s such as `` boy toy '' also irritated me . This novel was piled up of clich&eacute;s.Anyway , moving back to Jessica , how was she treated badly ? Her foster mother was a good person , the only reason she made Jessica 's life hell was due to Jessica 's snobbery . Overall , the one reason why she had no friends was due to her insensitivity and judgmental nature . All this character did was criticize the `` beautiful '' people when she 's one of them . She tends to make these vampires out as power beings , but never convinces me of it . They seem weak as a mortal , only cocky about their strength.Now , here come the vampires , are they really vampires ? Vampires are known as what ? Creatures of the darkness . The mystery was taken out when she decided to create these beings by day . No holy objects harmed them , nor can stakes kill them , their only vulnerability is magic . WTF ?! I would have been more convinced if she gave these creatures a different name . The only similarity to the vampire is the fact they drink blood.Aubrey is one of these vampires and like Jessica he is `` hot '' so hot that she falls in love with him at instant of glance . That 's another thing the romance was far fetched . She fell for him within a few days . AAR never got deep with the relationship . All we knew was that she 's annoyed with him one second and the next , poof , she 's in his arms.Now comes the person we love to hate , the villain ... well , I liked her . There was nothing vicious about this villain . I thought it was hilarious when AAR stated she was one of the `` weakest . '' So , you know Fala is going to lose . Wow , how predictable . From what people have taught me , never make the villain the weakest character . Even when I was seven I knew that.The point about Jessica being of vampiric lineage did n't shock me at all , actually , I did n't find it a bit interesting . Those dream sequences bored me , those were the passages I skimmed through just to keep awake.The elements of a novel are all missed here , characterization , apparently middle school students consider one chapter of Jessica 's description `` good character development '' and apparently only those who have no skill in telling those apart will fall for that . Everything else from plot structure to choopy time space , mainly failed.She moved too quickly into the story without even introducing us . A lot of people have been saying this plot is similar to a Christopher Pike book , yes , that is true and I understand she reads C. Pike , well , big surprise . The plot was terribly unoriginal along with every other element.By the end , I was begging Fala to kill the heroine.With a good agent , anyone can get published and that 's how she came about this = luck . Her writing is dreadfully inexperienced , but most teen readers will not care to notice . If it sounds like a vampire story clashed with a teen genre then they 'll love it . While it annoys others such as I.
 Ok I will give her a 1/2 star for an attempt because she is so young and she is published and I am not , but the editor needs to be fired . This book had characters coming out of the wood works . No explanation . No description . Alas , I do not fault the author it 's the editor who needs a crash course writing . Also I am a 25 year old reader , the field would n't let me enter my real age .
 I did n't like this book . It 's as simple as that.First of all , there were no likable or sympathetic characters . Gothic , vampiric Jessica was a stereotypical disaffected teen who expresses that through Gothic/vampire get up.The story was kind of stupid . First of all , Jessica is a seemingly unknown author who writes under the nom de plume , `` Ash Night . '' Her novels spring to life in the characters of classmate Aubrey/Alex , who is pure evil and his group of vampiric monsters.Caryn and her mother are white witches on a mission to warn Jessica of Alex ' evil , he really is the Aubrey of her novel , `` Tiger , Tiger , '' a vampire 's tale.The story just plain makes no sense . There are too many coincidences , too clearly drawn stereotypes to make it feel convincing . If this was a western , Jessica and the vampire bunch , especially that revolting Fala would be wearing black hats and Caryn and her mother would be the ones with white hats . Other kids shy away from Jessica ; the girl radiates pure evil like her seemingly `` novel '' characters . Jessica even has an all black bedroom and dresses in black.Although it is quite impressive that a teen wrote and published this book , it is rather unsettling that she harbors such dark fantasies . Many people would find such a thing alarming and wonder if penning such stories was a cry for help.I personally disliked this book , but the author is to be commended for breaking into the business at such a tender age .
 I did n't like this book at all . She could use some work and there are too many plotholes . Even my 2-year-old cousin could produce better art than this . I wasted -LSB- money -RSB- on something that was both a waste of money and time . How could such a immature `` writer '' get more publicity than GREAT writers like Ann Rinaldi or Mildred D. Taylor ? The market just wants to attract attention , that 's what . By using this girl , they not only rake in loads of money , but they also get a ton of media attention . It might not be this girl 's fault either that she 's being used like a rag . But she should send out short stories and work on plot a little more . And then , she could wait until her writing 's a little more mature before she publishes another book that may just be worth buying ...
 For many a years now , I have been told that I have a very advancedreading comprehension . I can even spell comprehension right . When Iread Demon In My View I was insulted that it was in the Young Adultsection of the bookstore . It should be by the tabloids in thesupermarket . The sheer and utter stupidity of making herself the maincharacter bothered me to the point of insanity . Aubrey was made outto be a villian in FOREST OF THE NIGHT , but in DEMON he is a kind `` vampire '' Can we say identity crisis ? Or , was this Aubreyactually a good clone of the original villian ? The lack oforiginality , creativity , and character development numbed my brainuntil it froze over and fell apart like spoiled peanut brittle . Lookhow original that comment was ! I am more original than Amelia willever be , and I am 12 . I used to have respect for Delacorte Press andthe great young adult books they published . But now all they careabout is getting publicity from an `` average '' teen `` writer '' , and this greatly disturbs my profound intelligence ... That is what I gave it a star , and because you ca n't give negativestars ...
 I give this book a two because I give the girl credit - she 's a tad older than I am but she has no real experience writing . I do n't give her any more than two stars because she HAS NO REAL EXPERIENCE IN WRITING . I 've been reading adult/young adult fiction for going on three years now and I know the plots can be drippy and shallow - especially for the fantasy genre . But this ... this is beyond shallow . I read it in an hour and a half -LRB- which completely kills my habit of reading a book in the wee hours of the night to the wee hours of the morning -RRB- . The characters have no personalities . The plot is predictable , boring , and something that ANY high schooler could have written . I admit , I see potential . I would advise Amelia Atwater-Rhodes to fine tune that potential , take a writing course , and then her next novella will be better . She could be the next Ann Rice . But I doubt anyone would 've wanted to read what Ann Rice wrote when she was thirteen .
 I am fourteen , and I can say without any conflict that I am a much clearer and smoother writer than this girl . Her vocabulary is impressive , yes , but that does n't compensate for her lack of story flow . Sure , she 's got one up on me , because she very obviously can finish a story , and if I could , I 'd certainly be in the literature market . However , this girl , talented though she may be , is an Anne Rice wannabe who makes writing look hard . The whole reason such books as Interview With a Vampire are so wonderful is because they flow and are not cramped and forced . This writing makes me cringe ; it is obviously written to conform to someone 's idea of a `` good '' book , and that just does n't work . Ideas and stories need to come on their own , they ca n't be beaten out with a stick . I am being a bit harsh , I know , but I was so angry and dissapointed at the misrepresentation of the writing youth . Believe me , we do not all glorify material objects and adventure and death . Yes , vampirism and witchcraft are powerful subjects - but what Atwater-Rhodes and my entire generation 's gothic sub-culture do n't realize is that when you play around with a serious subject , you water it down until it is no better than the pop culture you are trying to escape from.Yes , this novel is an okay start for a young writer , but the only reason it was published was because the market is open for cheap occult tales , which this so obviously is .
 After hearing the praise about this young woman I was impressed , by her success -- not novel . Actually , the novel disgusted me horribly , this is the great writer ? She displayed unoriginality and poor writing skills , writing is a skill , not a talent , therefore she needs to study writing more.The main character Jessica seemed too cocky and confident for the average teen . She has a body to die for , big deal and she has no friends , should I feel sorry for her ? Someone who acts as immature as Jessica would n't have friends.Aubrey on the other hand just annoyed me , he did n't even bother to kill her at all.The plot was shallow and thin , by the end of the book I had no idea who these characters were . One minute Jessica is rude and mean and when Aubrey pops in she is Miss Mary Sunshine . The only character I could relate to was Caryn , I 'm not even nowhere near the character in that perpective.Amelia is obviously being exploited for her age and not her skill , another reason why I am disgusted by RH.For those who assume she is the best writer since Anne Rice I suggest you look up more vampire writers because she is not the best since Miss Anne Rice . This is the perfect way to brainwash young teens thinking they know the difference between skill and an amatuer .
 This book is stupid ... the romance ... the vampires ... everything and why did she use that poem ? Amelia never actually stated if these vampires are demon or not . They hold emotions of love and that does n't make 'em demon ...
 Of course this is a popular book for drab , confused teens and those adults who still have n't recovered . The story is more of a wishful tale of the author 's fantasies that are shared by many who think like this . Far from her best and most likely in saying her first is n't her worst but all the rest are .
 Picking up this book i expected for it to be better than the first since the author had matured some . Boy , was I wrong . Where does she think up this trash ? First , there is Jessica , who has no basis whatsoever for being heartless and cold . In the end , there was no need to make this chick into a vampire because she was one from the beginning . It is quite hard to believe that a girl who is supossedly that good-looking is a complete outcast . Carlyn , who overly angelic and sunny is weak and serves little purpose , even her healing Jessica was completely in vain since the girl was going to be made into a vampire anyway . None of these characters are well developed and the only one that had potential was Aubrey -LRB- but she messed him up as well -RRB- . Although he was the typical `` bad boy '' , his seductive wiles and attractive physique draws the reader to him . One expects that with his mesmerizing charm he could easily to seduce and kill but instead he goes soft and in the end is the one to be seduced . The least Amelia could have done was kill off the character Fala who was not a true vampire in my eyes since she could so easily be defeated by Jessica , one who is not even trained in the slaying of vampires . Which brings me to one point that I must make . Why is it that all of Amelia 's vampires , being `` born before the aztecs '' and some nearly 5000 years old be utterly weak and decrepit ? In the previous book Aubrey , an ancient 5000 year old vampire gets his a ** kicked by Risika , who is only 300 years old at the most . I found this dissapointing not only because I liked Aubrey but because that does not makes sense . What kind of vampires are they ? I mean if she is going to rip off certain charateristics of anne rice 's vampires then she could atleast make the old ones stronger than the younger ones , or humans at the most . She also tries much too hard to be dismal and gothic . For god 's sake , even Anne rice and C. pike vampire 's had a sense of humor . The fact that Amelia 's vampires are mostly filled with sadistic thoughts of gloom and doom makes them out to be 2 dimensional . Even if they have been a vampire for a long time they have to have some personality from their mortal lives . This only shows that she does does not know how to develope and mold a character into a real person . In order to do that , one must have history , motives , personality and feeling . She has none of these . From now on I think that I will stick to reading books written by authors who have experience , thank you .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I have to say that I did n't really like this book . Repeat after me
 i admit her writing has improved , but i was n't interested in Jessica 's problems at all . she seemed very cynical and always whined . plus , aar had stereotyped the typical loner , as cold hearted and feeling hatred against the world . aubrey sounded like a jock , while fala seemed to be the only character i was interested in . i give her one star for writing it and another for being published so young -- in the end that 's the only reason she 's being praised . her writing level is below average , i have seen better . this is pitiful and it 's sad to see so many young writers look up to her .
 I picked up this book looking for something interesting to read.And I must say I was a bit jealous to find that this author is a year younger than I am and has an array of books published.But you know what ? I 'm no longer jealous . Because a retarded monkey could come up with better character developments and plots than Ms. Atwater-Rhodes has put in this novel.I barely got halfway through this book when I threw it across the room , finished with the drivel that she called a story . It immediately earned a place next to Foxfire and To Ride a Silver Broomstick in my collection of `` Books I would never sell to anyone for I would not want them to suffer by reading this crap . `` Save yourself some time and buy anything by LJ Smith , Kelley Armstrong , or -LRB- dare I say it -RRB- Anne Rice . Even Ms. Rice is better than this girl , and I hate that woman .
 This book is many times more shallow then I would have expected from such a praised writer . For all the magazines -LRB- Teen , Y.M etc. . . -RRB- I expected to read a story with some depth.Not one with simple , personalitiless characters that easily fall into cliches . But this is not the only problem the entire concept is done in an amaturish manner.It 's obvious within minutes of starting the story it was written by someone without any real-world-experience . The only thing that this book accomplished was to prove that Hype ca n't make a story .
 Written By
 After hearing all the great reviews upon this novel I decided to give it a try . I admit I was disappointed from the moment I picked the novel up , it seemed to be kind of thin , meaning
 Beautiful but misunderstood heroine , sexy vampire love interest , good-natured . optimistic Wiccan , I really liked this story ... when it was called `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' . Even judging this by young adult standards it 's a poor excuse for a novel . Heck , by fan-fiction standards this is a poor excuse for a novel . Contradictions abound and the author seems makes up vampire lore as she goes , usually to get herself some corner she 's written herself into . I wo n't rehash the plot , as many other reviews have done so much better then I could have , and without the smart remarks I no doubt would have been driven to make.While I will grant that Atwater Rhodes writes well for her age , any promise she might have shown in ` Forest of the Night ' just got flushed down the same drain as the money you spent on this fluff . She takes characters from her first novel and turns them into caricatures -LRB- shadowy menace becomes puppy love with fangs -RRB- and the ones she introduces are about as well developed as a prepubescent child , including the one based on herself!At one point Amelia ... I 'm sorry I mean * Jessica * ... ca n't understand why someone as gorgeous and talented as her has such a hard time being accepted . Here 's a clue
 I had been wanting to read this book for a long time . Word reached my ears that it was amazing.Well , I was sourly disapointed.In the book a `` flawless '' girl named Jessica has a talent for writing vampire storys and thinks thats all that they are - storys.Then the relization kicks in on how her storys are actually real and vampires want to kill her , one falls in love with her , typico!I found myself hating this Jessica . Too perfect was she , the author should have created some flaws to make her less dry and boring.The book was so pridictable that at one point I put it down and did n't come back to it for a week , already knowing what was going to happen.To me , it was dry and tastless . yet , for a fifteen year old I think if she stives towards making her charatures more interesting , she could come out with a good one.It honestly did n't do it for me , and if your still debating on wether or not to read it I say go for it . Just , be prepared for disapointment .
 I thought Ms. Rhodes had better character development with this story , and I admire her writing style , but I was disappointed with the story . I 'm sorry to those who enjoyed it , but I did n't care much for the main character and did n't care whether she lived or died . I thought it unrealistic for Aubrey to fall for Jessica and be such a wimp in the story and sacrifice so much to save her when he 's supposed to be this feared and mean character . I hope her third story is better than this one and has more believable actions by the characters . But keep writing , Amelia ! I 'm sure with time her writing will get better .
 I 've read better material by preschoolers . How superficial is Amelia ? Every character is good looking and her writing experience ... terriblyWhere do all these good reviews come from ? Gosh , if she did n't give out her age critics and fans would be bashing her with bad reviews , as someone said in one of the reviews . I agree , her work is terribly written .
 I read `` In the Forest of the Night '' and I was impressed with the thirteen year olds debut , but then came the sequel , which I was utterly disgusted by . I was disgusted by the leading female , Jessica who is hateful against everyone including her foster mother.It is n't as well written as her first novel which was also co-wroted by someone . This book was a cross of Dawson 's Creek and Buffy the Vampire Slayer , which is not a good thing . Being the annoying sarcasm and teenie atmosphere . The book itself was annoying to read.The book is too short for taste with many plot holes and questions to be answered : Why does Aubrey fall for a hateful girl?Why does Jessica fall for Aubrey and not other `` hot '' males ? She suddenly flirts with him like any other male.Why does n't she react to her mother 's death?Why does she hate the world?How come we do n't see any classmates aggravate her ? She did note the kids are hostile , I saw no hostility in these kids , only weird stares.Why is it In the Forest of the Night says she lives in Concord and here she lives in Ramsa?A very stupid choice to make is the outcast very good looking to the point she could easily be a popular-outcast wannabe . Amelia spends several passages with her character worshipping her own body and it 's quite nauseating.This is an example of a good looking girl being chased by good looking vampire.BIGGEST MISTAKE
 I loved her first novel and her third was okay but this was pure -LSB- bad -RSB- . It was the most superficial book I have ever read . It was rushed and she lacks many story elements.First off Jessica is a girl who writes books based on dreams she has . Sounds like a rip off of C. Pike . The book is very predictable just by reading the synopsis . The book is very unoriginal and she takes away the vampire myth by making them walk the day . Vampires are night creatures not day creatures.Jessica is cynical , mean towards her foster mother , `` has a body to die for '' , hates the world and everyone in it . She is annoying to the point I wished Aubery would had snapped her neck.Now Aubery is so very hot ! As the female characters say , so everyone is a model taken from a J. Crew catalogue . Aubery was evil in the first book but here he is a feeble minded wuss . He lets his emotions take over and falls for this ruthless female ? I do n't understand his thing i guess it 's girls who can bad mouth their foster parents.Fala is the only character I actually can relate to . Like her I wanted this writer killed . I was rooting Fala on but no , the villian always loses.Amelia rushed on this book writing it was poor as a writer could possibly . She could had taken the time to edit since she has all that time . She has a book coming out once a year , I could had wrote something that thick within a month , why is it that she does n't take her time and edit ? Now if she had a book series going on with a book coming out every month I would understaqnd but this is ridiculous.There were many elements missing i would n't give anymore then one star since she did write it atleast .
 I 'm a `` teen '' , still -LRB- I 'm 18 -RRB- and I read this book because I do like to read children 's fiction , and well , frankly , I was disappointed . Her language attempts at having a poetic cadence which it can not always match in maturity . Her world-building is decent but inconsistent . The story was okay ; there was one plot wrinkle I did n't guess ahead of time , but her attempts at foreshadowing did not work . I spotted her token symbolism , and her characterization was maudlin , juvenile , and underdone . Stock characters are okay , but not when every single character is a stock character
 I just finished reading this story , and I know there 's something wrong with it , but I ca n't quite put my finger on it . It 's very Teen TV , it 's very Katie Holmes , very Buffy , very Charmed . It 's very much a near-miss . The first 100 pages could 've been compressed to 50 ; the whole high school atmosphere was unnecessary -- and a poor retread of countless H.S. movies -- even though the protagonist was a high school student , the HIGH SCHOOL did n't need to be so prominently featured -- ever read Peyton Place ? -- that book 's protagonist was a high school student , too , you know . I also feel Miss Atwater-Rhodes diluted her story 's impact by bringing in witches IN ADDITION to vampires . Two such diametrically opposed groups merit their own respective stories -- or at least a VERY BIG book to cover them both -- not some novella one can read on a train ride from Milwaukee to Chicago . But to zero in on this world Miss Atwater-Rhodes has created
 This book took me an hour to read -- one hour ! Besides that it was terribly written for someone he age for that fact . It was too shallow and she could n't go on a page without the pathetic sarcasm . Jessica sounds like a baby and Aubrey sounds like a teen who just reached puberty . It was just another sad love story with the fantasy of Amelia herself . I would n't suggest this , or unless you are a teen who will read anything . It was just like reading a subcription of Vogue and I hate Vogue .
 This was actually the first novel from Amelia that I read , what threw me off were the myths . I am getting quite annoyed with White Wolf writers who keep changing the vampire myth . I do n't care about one of two things , but Amelia takes their reputation away as the Creatures of Darkness.The closest thing to gothic was Jessica who dressed dark and mysterious , supposedly , but held the persona of an annoying cheerleader gone scorned trying to be something she is n't . She 's under the pen name of Ash Night who meets a guy by the name of Alex , only in actuality , Aubrey from her books.Predictably , there is a love story and from the beginning you know Jessica will turn into a vampire . Those who did n't obviously have n't read anything in the vampire genre . The relationships are anything but realistic . Two dimensional and shallow . Everyone looks like a model , I never though Amelia to be the type of person like so . If she lived in reality she would know a majority of young girls are going through peer pressure when it comes to the teen adolescents.I laughed when she said Fala was the villain , one of the weakess vampires ? What convinced Amelia to do that ? The villain was nothing but whiny , held no sign of intelligence and listened to Aubrey like a dog . She 's even afraid to kill Jessica 's mother with her own hands.The book is filled with cliches and the vampires seem more like humans then they do vampires . For those who find the vampires more believable , well , the first sentence of this paragraph explains why . The only people who will fall for this book are teens who either have n't ever read an Anne Rice novel , or those feeble minds who pay no attention to good work.As far as the changes in vampires , it 's Amelia 's way of trying to be original . Hanging the vampire myth nowadays is far from the originality of writers who stick with most of the myths . This is definately her worse work yet . I have seen fanfiction better then this garbage.I would suggest this for the middle school and under . This book is actually a third grade level when it comes to reading , or unless you count the passages where she forces higher vocabulary as if it means anything to her weak style .
 Mary Sues are unforgivable . This book is such a blatant and shameless MS that I regret asking for it for Christmas all those years ago . Eh , what can I say . I was only twelve -- did n't know any better . But now I 'm older and I can say this book is crap . It does n't deserve shelf space in a respectable book lovers home , especially since anyone who has the audacity to put herself so obviously into her book after only writing ONE deserves to have her hands acquainted with a sledgehammer.Sorry Amelia but this just is n't a good book . Still is n't . I 'm terrified to read it again because I might rip out my hair or something . One star because I ca n't give a 0 ; and one star for making my bizarre adolescence somewhat enjoyable with your descriptions of Aubrey . -LRB- Huzzah ! -RRB- Jessica Allodola is this writer who does n't understand why her dreams and stories about vampires are suddenly becoming reality , nor does she understand why the kids at school hate her and most specifically why the boys do n't ask her out . You learn early on that Jessica is beautiful , `` flawless , '' and yet everyone avoids her like the plague . Enter the mysterious new student Aubrey to try and seduce the girl for whatever reason . Is n't it one of those tried and true laws of vampire novels that you do n't get to know the person you want to kill because some way or another feelings will develop ? That 's what happens here . Aubrey originally went to Jessica 's school to find out more about her before he snaps her neck and he finds himself drawn to her . So immediately the tough guy of the series that Amelia is timidly laying out for herself has turned into a wishy washy sap that goes weak for a girl with a pretty face . Does n't make me afraid of him , but it does make me fear just how much more damage Amelia can do.Trying to sway Jessica away from Aubrey and the clutches of vampires is probably the only likable character Amelia 's uninspired imagination ever spawned
 After seeing all the good reviews , I have to say that I would had never read a book by a high school student , but since it got such praise , I decided to take this one up . I read the NOVELLA , getting tired of seeing people call it a novel . Majority of YA books are nothing but short novellas and a majority of YA books are from inexperience writers.This book is another one of those.The main character is a callous and lone wolf , Jessica , who apparently hates everyone for unknown reasons . That 's what makes the character so unrealistic . She 's a loner and does n't have friends , why ? Well , lets put it this way , she 's rude , mean , shallow and highly superficial . Who would want to be her friend?The sad thing is both main characters , Jessica and Aubrey are extremely hot , so hot that they deserve each other . If I were Jessica , I probably would have tons of boyfriends . Apparently , these characters have no flaws once so ever , none mental or physical.The vampires are nothing but invincible beings . Even the villain is a weakling . She is one of the WEAKEST vampires I have seen in a book.RULE # 1 Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
 Ii saddened me when I picked up IN THE FOREST OF THE NIGHT and wanted to throw it across the room . It was one of the most unoriginial books I had ever read -LRB- and I read more then the average teenager . About a book ever two days . -RRB- . Miss Atwater-Rhodes writting is not all that great . It is to filled with to many cliches and horrible attempts at intelligent words , to grab my attention and want me to keep reading till my eyes fall out . He story is very close to Christopher Pikes ' THE LAST VAMPIRE to really snag the originaility line . The `` mythology '' is chilish and simple . And her mortal teenagers plain out bothered me . They were the same as every sterotypical teen you see and read about . Even the teens on TV seem real , and they are writen by forty-year-olds . I am a social outcast -- yes , I know that was unexpected -- and many of my classmates think I 'm satan , but they do not treat , in any way , like Jessica.And another thing . In the first book was n't Jessica said to be living in Concord . And I DEMON IN MY VIEW she is said to haved lived in Ramsa all he life . Can we say plothole?Oh , well , I know you all are tired of me and want me to be swept away be a swarm of locusts , but this is my opinion , and I know it does n't matter to you . So I 've said my peace , and will now return to my dark cell . Overall the book was ... do I really need to say ?
 I admit I liked `` In the Forests of the Night '' better than this book . While `` Demon In My View '' is somewhat `` decent '' , I was disappointed with the story . I did n't care for the main character who I thought was too self-absorbed and cynical . I could n't understand why Aubrey would want to help her.The Aubrey character was the biggest letdown with this book . For Aubrey to be such a tough vampire , I thought it unrealistic of him to fall in love with Jessica and give so much to save her life when he despises humans . The only thing I can say I like about this book is Atwater-Rhodes ' poem and writing style . I hope her books get better over time .
 I had read this book a while back and got bored and reread it and can to the same conclusion that this one of the worst books I have ever read . The plot is sad and pathetic with touches of stupidity . The characters were so 2-D I felt I could have cut them out and dressed them up in paper . Miss Rhodes has some signs of talent but I think it would have been wise to wait a few years so she could grow and learn more about the art . I 'm the same age as her and read a little to much -LRB- I average a 300-400 page book about ever three days . The idea that this is suppose to be a teen book scares me . There are many good YA authors who deserve a lot more plublicity then Miss Rhodes -LRB- Cormier , Block , and Klause , just to name a few -RRB- . Another thing that bothered me was Miss Rhodes age . I 'd expect someone with her intelligence to come up with better ideas and believable characters -- there is no way she 's passing any English class . I felt like I was reading a Buffy book , and not in a good way . I 'm also tired of all these happy endings we keep see in Ya literature . The world for teen is not a happy place . Even the newest Harry Potter book is darker and scarier then DEMON IN MY VIEW . In short , Amelia At-water-Rhodes 's books should be marketed to 11-13 year-olds and she might want to wait a few years before publishing a new YA novel -LRB- but we all know this wo n't happen -RRB- .
 `` Demon In My View '' -LRB- the title is lifted from Poe 's poem `` Alone '' -RRB- contains nothing of redeeming value , or any serious literary merit . I think any 6-yr old could produce better art while half-asleep . The story is trite , confused , slow , and stereotypical . The editor should be immediately fired for letting this into the market . The annoying social consciousness , laughable teenage `` angst , '' and downright idiocy will appeal to the `` Dawsons Creek '' crowd I am sure , but this is not for me , or any other discerning and intelligent reader .
 I have recently purchased this book , based on positive reviews I 've read here and in other places . After reading the introduction , I am even more certain that this is a book worth having . But , the Kindle edition of this book does not containt a table of contents , making it very difficult to find the specific chapter you want to read . I just finished reading Kind Lear , and I tried locating the chapter about the play using the search function . I received 57 pages of results , and it was a laborious task finding the one which brought me to the opening of the chapter about the play .
 It is normal for me to use allot of different books for reference , but in terms of the global based COM technologies that number it maximum . For example , I would usually use for reference regarding COM the book by Don Box , Essencial COM . On the other way if I was working with ActiveX I normally had hanging around Understanding ActiveX and OLE , Visual C++ ActiveX COM . And finally if I was working on COM + usually my I would grab anything I could get my hands on and for DCOM , my favourite pet was the DCOM Unleashed !! With this set of books all the COM stuff is there and its format between the books is identical -LRB- of course -RRB- , simplifying the search within them after you get the hang of it !!!
 Troll Quest is a well written book until you get to the last chapter where the author appears to have just gotten tired of writing . The book builds slowly , a well written storyline headed for a climactic finale and then the reader is left hanging with no conculsions and no sequel . Very frustrating and disappointing .
 No one who writes fifty books in a series can make them all memorable , but this one is just plain lazy work . Without Ollie 's book -LRB- which may , just may be better than McBain 's / Hunter 's -RRB- taking up enough slack with all of the repeats of previous book stories , this could have been a short story . There is also all of the griping that McBain does about other mystery/police procedural writers , book sellers , agents , etc , that make the subject of the book to be nothing but an add-on . The shooting of the councilman and the involvement of the `` junkie cross-dresser '' , seems so unnecessary that you wonder why Carella and Kling are involved in the book at all.That Steve Carella keeps talking to himself about being forty , seems more like Hunter complaining that he 's seventy . Considering that in the first 87th Precinct novel , Carella was a Korean Vet and Meyer was a WW2 vet , now almost fifty years later , Carella has only aged maybe fifteen years . This is strange-r because he did n't marry his wife for ten years and his kids are only twelve years old , though they were born in the late sixties . Though while everything else has been modernized , we have computers and cell phones the cops have n't aged at all . It 's hard to imaging after all this time that Carella is still a Detective Second Class and Kling a third class . With all the times they 've been shot and the number of big cases they 've solved , you 'd think they 'd been promoted.The murder story just does n't hold ones attention , in fact it would n't make a good ` Law & Order ' episode . It 's been obvious for a while that McBain is bored with the 87th Precinct , but money talks . What is the need for Hunter to used all these terrible jokes , just because he can dump them on Fat Ollie and Parker and we 're supposed to expect these guys to be getting away with this bigotry and sexism in the 21st Century ? Ed , you should have finished these guys off or at least sent them into retirement , but then they have only served like what , fifteen years ? To bad , it used to be a good series and McBain had more respect for his fellow writers . He acts like he invented the idea of police procedurals . Guess he never had time to read Chandler or Simenon.Zeb Kantrowitz
 Now a whole book featuring McBain 's least likeable character , Ollie Weeks . Fat Ollie 's written a book and during the investigation of a mayoral candidate 's murder someone steals it from Ollie 's car . now the hunt is on . The murder case is pushed to the back burner as we are punished with excerpts from Ollie 's book , Ollie in lust , and meeting someone even more loathsome than Ollie , his snitch the pederast Fats Donner . Enough already ! Coupled with a fairly simplistic mystery , this book is McBain at his weakest , scattered and barely able to hold the interest of the reader .
 I could n't finish the book . . it was that bad . Coming from a writer who has created a character like Matthew Hope . . it was indeed surprising . But Fat Ollie comes across as an ordinary white American -LRB- WASP -RRB- who has forgotten than America is not an exclusive domain of whites !
 For those of you not familiar with the literary terms , flat character and round character , here 's a brief definition . Flat characters have clearly defined -LRB- almost rigid -RRB- characteristics and do n't change or develop in a story . Most Dickens ' characters , though delightful , are flat , in contrast to Huck Finn or Harry Bosch in M. Connelly 's novels , both of which are round and have tension , ability to change , often ironic touches etc. . Mcbain 's characters are always , and tiresomely so , flat . Carrella and Ollie are good examples
 I have read every 87th Precinct novel -- and every one of McBain 's `` Matthew Hope '' novels -- and enjoyed them all to a greater or lesser degree.Even `` Hail to the Chief '' , which was a satire of Watergate.Even `` He Who Hesitates '' , in which the cops of the 87th are barely seen , in a story about a murderer 's state of mind.Even the latest `` Deaf Man '' book -LRB- though that one * did * try my patience a bit -RRB- . I did n't finish this one . And i * really * expected and * wanted * to enjoy it ; friends and reviewers who i trust had given it glowing notices.Just proves the old saw about meat and poison and two different men.The running joke this time -LRB- virtually every 87th Precinct novel has some running shtick , often humourous -RRB- is that Fat Ollie , the fat , bigoted , annoying cop , has written a novel . And it 's terrible.Wow . I wish he 'd actually worked on a readable plot for this book to go with the joke . ` Cos the joke ai n't very funny and wears out its welcome long before the book is over.Yes , Ollie 's book * is * terrible . I knew that was going to be true before he rubbed my nose in it . And that 's the problem , because , essentially , this book * is * Fat Ollie 's book ; if you took out the quotes from Ollie 's manuscript , this would be a longish short story.And it still would n't be readable , so far as i 'm concerned.I -- apparently almost alone among 87th Precinct readers -- do n't like Fat Ollie . If McBain feels a need to write about fat bigoted cops , there 's always Andy Parker -LRB- who , last time i remember encountering him , was actually becoming a bit sympathetic -RRB- . And the pathetic geek who gets hold of Ollie 's manuscript and is stupid enough -LRB- i estimate an IQ slightly below that necessary to sustain life -RRB- to believe that it 's a coded official report that will lead him to Great Riches is just too annoying to be allowed to live.The Worst In The Series . Pass it by ; re-read some of the earlier ones.Or , if you have n't yet read any of the Matthew Hope novels , try some of those .
 By my definition , this book is not cruelty-free . Not even close . The recipes call for ingredients such as eggs , buttermilk , honey , lanolin , and vodka . A good majority of these recipes are not vegan , and I would not recommend that vegans order it .
 I like the writing style , and I really like the ambitious attempt to touch on the entire spectrum from basic COM to MTS , in each of ATL , MFC , VB , and Java . But , this book is riddled with errors . I fought my way through the examples up to chapter 5 , correcting things which did n't work as described in the book by trial and error , and by comparing with the supplied CD -LRB- which is often considerably different from the printed code -RRB- . In chapter 5 this just got too ugly , and even when I tried to resolve it by using the examples from the CD , one of those had a hard coded absolute path based on the author 's E
 Yet another example of how dangerous it is to impulse buy a computer book at a bookstore based on it 's potential.It 's a great concept , but the depth of the errors and inconsistency in the language make it clear much of the content is surface level regurgation and not the teaching of someone who really gets it . There is much more wrong here than typos and cut and paste oversights ; some of the errors are fundamental , and grievously misleading . Furthermore , I 've tried to contact the publisher about corrections or explanations of specific issues and gotten no response.The bright side is you will actually learn something as you struggle to understand how to make the examples work . It was painfull but I made progress using MSDN info and ATL source . I 've also formed plenty of questions that I 'm sure I 'll now better apreciate expert answers for.Beware , do n't let it 's potential suck you in . It took me way to long to give up on this book.Other lessons learned :1 -RRB- Resist the bookstore computer book section , the odds are worse than the lotery . 2 -RRB- Look for author 's that stand behind their work with a personal email address for comments , questions , and suggestions . 3 -RRB- Be extra suspicious of this publisher .
 This book seems cover every facets of COM . I feel very dispointing because each content is writen without any good explanation . I will recommend the much better books from wrox and microsoft press .
 This book has so many mistakes it should be used as a door stop or fuel for the fireplace . I ended up referring back to inside VC + + 5.0 and looking at the COM section in that book . If you need to learn about com see gopalan sureshes web site . He give practical information on COM and CORBA .
 this book goes on and on and on about the same thing . the author must love to hear him self rambling in a empty space . there is no useful information in this book . if you want to learn COM and DCOM , buy microsoft press 's books .
 Here 's a little blurb from the `` Why is COM Needed '' section : '' ... Each compiler produces a set of machine language instructions -LRB- binary numbers -RRB- that are designed to be fed by the operating system into the CPU of the computer in structured ways to produce program behavior ... '' . With gems like that early in the book , how could I take the rest of the book seriously as a technical work ? I pressed on , but basically the rest of the book seemed disorganized and filled more with studying example output from `` wizards '' and such.Maybe if you 're looking to study micros ~ 1 Visual Studio `` wizard '' output , then this book is for you . If you 're looking for a solid understanding of the basics , stay away.BTW , ALL authors should lay off the lame attempts at humor . Readnig bad attempts at humor are much worse than reading a technical book that is dry .
 After completing the first chapter 's examples , I am greatly dissappointed in this book . The statement from the publisher on technical accuracy appears to be an all out lie . References to the same variable in code mysteriously change names from one code chunk to the next . The keyword ` interface ' is shown as ` Interface ' in the code , although no reference to the necessary macro is made . -LRB- page 20 -RRB- One portion of the book is obviously a cut and pasted from another portion without the content being updated correctly for the current context !!! -LRB- page 17 , step 11 -RRB- In other words , as written , the examples do not compile and the steps involved are not explained correctly . If this continues in the following chapters , I will be seeking a refund on this one . Coriolis Technology was supposedly `` founded to create a very elite group of books . '' Better luck next time guys .
 While I love the original version of this book , I was sorely disappointed to find that the `` I Can Read '' version that I purchased is abridged . Several charming lines are deleted and there are no markings to indicate that it 's abridged except in the fine print of the copyright information .
 Like someone else mentioned , this I Can Read edition is abridged . They left out a sentence or two here and there ... maybe to make it easier to read ? Or maybe to save a few pennies on printing . Either way , it 's unfortunate.Besides that , though , this is one of my favorite children 's books ever . I 'm going to send this one back and buy a different edition .
 The only thing this book is good for is explaining an overview of IP multicasting to a non-technical audience . If you 're wanting to learn Multicasting to deploy in a real network , then this is n't the book .
 I was extremely disapointed with this book . It was poorly written and not worth the paper it was written on . It appears that Dr. Parkhurst has a limited amount of practical experience . In fact , I ended up throwing this book away.Beau Williamson 's book on Multicasting is a much better read and a whole lot more informative .
 I found SQL Server 7.0 Resource guide to be short on specifics and would describe it as a general overview of 7.0 . To troubleshoot problems with replication I had to refer to previous versions of Inside SQL Sever 6.5 . If you already know SQL server from pervious versions this book will not add much to your library .
 I bought this book to learn Java , not to know the author 's views on programming . I got really tired hearing how you do it in C . THIS IS NOT A BEGINNER 'S BOOK . I have now bought Murach 's Java book , it has examples and brings you along . Learning Java does not even tell you how to run the SDK . I wrote the publisher and got a mispelled all lower case reply . A note for Patrick Niemeyer , real programmers do use `` goto '' . Try assembler without it.Jeff Ward
 This book would have been better had it not included `` Learning '' in the title . This is not a book for learning how to program in Java . Instead , this book plays a lot more like an overview of core concepts in Java for practicing programmers . This book would probably have been better suited in the `` Nutshell '' series , but even as a reference , it 's a rather weak text because it keeps pretending to be instructional . This book is pointless.This book is absolutely not for novice programmers . You have to have some experience with the C/C + + language and OOP concepts to really get the meat of this book.This book does include a * few * things that are nice for novices to know , but it 's nothing you wo n't find in any other book on the topic .
 I had purchased `` Learning Java '' out of the conviction that some patience and thought was all that was needed to make sense of the book . `` Learning Perl '' -LRB- also published by O'Reilly -RRB- had a somewhat steep but manageable learning curve-I thought `` Learning Java '' would be more of the same . Unfortunately , I found `` Learning Java '' to be a disappointment . The book begins by creating a simple `` Hello , Java ! '' pop-up box along with brief explanations of the basic concepts of Java -LRB- class , methods , etc -RRB- . The book , however , then gives an overview of syntax and tools with no practice exercises . The book essentially went like this
 This book came as a surprise . O'Reilly is generally great in the `` learning '' space -LRB- Learning C# and Practical C Programming are great -RRB- , but Learning Java misses the mark by comparison . Learning Java is definitely not a new-to-Java text.This is not my first Java book , so I expected the first chapter to contain the ordinary byte code/virtual machine/OO discussion that is de rigeur . However , this text takes the opportunity to launch into a discussion of the class loader ; Java 's similarity to Smalltalk in that they are both statically typed , late-bound languages ; threads ; dynamic memory allocation et al. . And yes , that 's the * first * chapter.The complexity continues
 The title of this book is highly inappropriate . This is not a book for someone who has not used Java before . If you have never used or seen Java before OR are not a very very comfortable C++ programmer -LRB- actually even that wo n't really help -RRB- this book is NOT for you . Explanations are very brief , concepts are not covered in depth and the examples concentrate on showing short cuts and ` tricks of the trade ' . What good does that do when you do n't know anything about JAVA ? The author should have concentrated on teaching the basics of the language and explained things such as threading etc. much more thoroughly . An absolutely USELESS book .
 DisappointingI have over 6 years programming C++ , yet that helped very little with my understanding Java after reading this book . The author starts off very well with some good examples , but then drops dead - nothing but code fragments and abstract text for the next 3 or 4 chapters ! Argh.This is the first O'Reily book that I disliked and found to be poorly written -LRB- and O'Reily has much of my money , too -RRB- . I doubt I will invest in the rest of this series.I bought Sams `` Teach yourself Java in 21 days '' and so far have found it very capable . If Niemeyer used the form of Sams ' book -LRB- examples and organization -RRB- , but with his knowledge , then this could be a 5-star book . Maybe .
 As with most people , I usually dig O'Reilly books , but I made a big mistake here . Unlike other `` Leaning '' books , Learning PERL for example , this learning book did more to put me to sleep rather than teach me anything about Java . There were really only examples in the first chapter , then it lost it 's track and felt more like someone 's thesis on the subject than a real commercial book.This book was very successful at turning me away from Java and O'Reilly for a while , until I found `` Head First Java '' . If your looking to learn about Java , look at Head First , it 's much better , fun and you actually learn something about java , good programming , OO and all the great subjects that come along with those .
 First off , I 've had 6 years of C/C + + , Perl , and a Little Oracle experience . After picking up O'Reilly 's Learning Perl book , I was more than Dissappointed with this one . The chapters do n't seem to follow any logical flow . Way too much concept and overhead for very little gain . They started explaining concepts and in depth details , before covering basic syntax . Most people who pick up these books have a basic understanding of programming , and are more interested in the syntax of a language . Once you know one language -LRB- the semantics -RRB- , most other languages are fairly similar . Yet , the authors of this book wanted to explain inheritance -LRB- both Single inheritance and the ability of multiple inheritance via the implements opertor -RRB- when they have n't even covered the basic syntax of the language like strings and arrays . This is very illogical . It 's almost as if they explained points a , and points F and tried to work their way to the middle .
 I 'm taking a Java class right now . The instructor was pretty cool about not mandating a specific text , and I can usually depend on O'Reilly titles for meeting both of my requirements for technical books -LRB- instructive and useful as a longer-term reference -RRB- . This book meets neither of those needs.For learning , whether working to self-teach or follow along with a class , the book stinks . It makes no attempt to present the topics in a progressive order . The chapters definitely range from easy to hard , but the way it 's arranged it seems more like it spans from the commonplace to the obscure without accounting for fundamental concepts that would qualify as obscure in the early chapters . As a tool for filling in the gaps of my teacher 's notes , it stinks . The code samples are scant and do n't build on a wider integration of concepts , which is something I really enjoy about the Flintstones and Gilligan 's Island examples of O'Reilly 's Perl series.As a reference , the book stinks . As mentioned above , it does little to give good examples of different ways to include the concepts it introduces into your code . I would n't keep it at work as a reference , because I 'm no more than a web search away from anywhere in Sun 's docs to find what I need . I have an older version of the ` Core Java ' series that is far better . What 's frustrating about this book is that it 's thick as a brick , but the explanation and examples seem to be written from the perspective of an author who 's trying to save space . It stinks . It does a horrible job of explaining JUnit and other intermediate programming concepts , and , considering it 's the edition that introduces the Java 1.5 components , it does a stinky job of exposing them to both new and experienced Java programmers.Did I mention that this book stinks ? It does . I hope O'Reilly does n't continue this trend . Their books make up nearly 100 % of my technical library , but they really missed the mark on this one . I 'm selling mine and buying the latest of the Core Java series -LRB- which does n't stink -RRB- .
 I have studied Visual Basic programming for a year and a half . I bought this book and began reading it . By the 6th page of Chap . 2 -LRB- the first programming chapter -RRB- I realized that I had no idea what the author was talking about . If you already know Java this is may be the book for you , but as far as `` Learning Java '' from this book - forget it .
 What is this guy talking about in the book ? The book is totally unreadable . I will give `` 0 '' rate if it is available .
 Succinct presentation , the examples are way complicated for newbies . I am a C programmer in a HP-UX Unix environment , and has taken a one week crash course in JAVA . I 've read around 4 books - Teachyourself in 21 days -LRB- lemay -RRB- , Java 2 How to program -LRB- deitel -RRB- , Beginning Java -LRB- horton -RRB- and Java for Dummies . This book does n't come close to those four when the target audience is a newbie . Take the hello world example , this one can be displayed using a simple JOptionPane class , but in `` Learning ... '' the code is too much for beginner . Take my advice , buy Lemay 's and Jacquie Barker 's Beginning Java Objects and you 'll thank me for it .
 I do n't recommend this book for beginners because :1 -RRB- Less no . of examples with more complexity .2 -RRB- Object Oriented Concepts not covered very well .3 -RRB- The way topics are discussed is not so comprehensive and lack continuity .
 As a review of algebra , this might be an acceptable practice book . However , there are several errors in the example problems throughout the book , and the answer key has numerous errors , sometimes multiple errors on one page . I would not recommend this book except possibly as extra practice or review of material already learned . The publisher needs to reprint it with corrections , though .
 If you are teaching your child , you will need to recall the algebra terminology as this book does not provide that ... only a few problems to practice on each section ...
 After reading the reviews for this book , I could n't wait for it to arrive so I could read it . How dissappointing it was ! Although I found small parts of this book to helpful , the majority of it was silly . The author talks about NEVER contacting a suicide ; what if a family member crossed from suicide ? He places alot on the ouija board , how he conjured cowboys who onced lived in his apartment ! There just does n't seem to be alot of truth , as well as the fact that alot of it is just plain boring .
 This book has very little to do with mediumship ! At best it 's a general overview of all things psychic . There are no instructions or exercises . Most of the chapters are on unrelated topics , even the chapters on mediumship are n't actually about mediumship and instead focus on why you 'd want to become a medium , why you 'll want to work hard as a medium , and ways to dress as a medium .
 I bought this book -LRB- General Books edition -RRB- from Amazon , and am more than disappointed with it . It is scanned and unedited . It is illegible ! Now I will have to buy another copy from a reputable publisher . EBB 's poem is wonderful ! This edition is simply unreadable !
 This is the worst copy of a book I have ever seen . There are so many typos it is unreadable ! Aurora Leigh is a poem in verse and this copy jumbles all the lines together and has no line numbers either . I had to buy another copy this one was so bad . I DO NOT recommend this book !
 This book provides an interesting look at the world from a Seventh Day Adventist point of view.The book focusses on the identification of the beast descibed in Rev. 13 ; you know the one who prevents buying or selling by everyone who is not marked by the number 666 . It identifies the beast as none other than the pope -LRB- actually all popes -RRB- , based on a numerical calculation of `` Vicarius Filii Dei '' which it claims is a papal title . It goes on to say that the Catholic Church changed the Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday -LRB- it in fact did -RRB- and re-numbered the 10 commandments.The entire aim of the book is to convince the reader that world leaders will conspire with the pope to pass a `` National Sunday Law '' that requires all to worship on Sunday and therefore submit to the beast . Then the Second Coming?The book is chock full of Bible verses , footnotes , diagrams , and calculations . I really was about to become scared -- but then something struck me from high school Latin ; `` Vicarius Filii Dei '' did n't look right . It is supposed to mean `` Vicar of the Son of God , '' but would n't that be `` Vicarius de Filium Dei ? '' Heck , that 's 1169 not 666 . Suspecting a rat , I checked a list of papal titles , and the only title resembling the one sited is `` Vicarius Christi '' -LRB- Vicar of Christ -- adds to 208 if your counting -RRB- . Needless to say , I did n't buy the author 's other arguments either.I recommend reading this book to gain an insight into the beliefs of the Seventh Day Adventists , and to understand why they dislike the Catholic Church , most other Protestant denominations , and especially the papacy.Save yourself the 4 bucks though , the Adventists hand these out like candy in major airports !
 First off , if you wish to buy this book , do n't , because it has shown up on millions of doorsteps across the U.S. for free , and and is bound to do so in the future.Now to the important stuff . One had to read pretty much the entire book , a feat consuming about 12 minutes , to determine what it has to say :1 . The Catholic Church is illigimate .2 . In fact , the Catholic Church is the `` beast . '' It is shown pictorially that the Pope 's name is associated with the number 666 in what looks like a mathematical algorithm arrived at after many painstaking random tries .3 . Sunday should n't be the Sabbath.Here 's what my friends in the UK get out of the book :1 . Yep , Americans are still wackos , and ignorant ones at that.Here 's what I get out of the book :1 . We have to take the bible literally ,2 . except when it is more convenient not to . Then `` beast '' becomes `` nation , '' `` risen from the Earth '' means `` settled , not conquered , '' etc. . There is some adherence to the New Testament 's alteration of concepts from the Law of Moses , such as the anthropomorphism of `` angels '' resulting because the concept of one unseen God is basically beyond the grasp of authors.Finally , this book is refreshing to me because it shows that certain Christians having bizarre , non-scientific world views and an inability to write clearly can be at odds with other Christians having other bizarre , non-scientific world views , effectively leaving the Jews alone for a change .
 I have to rate this book at less than one star -LRB- however the website wo n't allow me to . Computer says `` No '' -RRB- after getting half a page of text into it and googling a news event about a stabbing murder in New York that creates the assumption that the murder occurred after 9/11 . The author uses verbal imagery descriptive of 9/11 to create the illusion that the world is getting more violent and godless . He then definitively utilises a newspaper article to illustrate his beliefs . Unfortunately most folk wo n't do what I did and google the article where they would find out that it happened the year I was born , 1964 ! Absolutely no connection there ! I will read the book in its entirety and post another review but I do n't anticipate it will improve . People , verify the facts of what you read . PLEASE .
 A book suggesting a hyper-Sabbatarian interpretation of Revelation.The author declares that it is evident that the first beast in Revelation is Rome , and by extension , the Roman Catholic church . The second beast is the United States of America , which has a great Constitution and Declaration of Independence , but will soon bring forth the apocalypse.The author then goes through a particularly slanted view of history in which the Roman Catholic church unilaterally changes the day of assembling from Saturday to Sunday and begins killing everyone who disagrees with them . OK , so the church did kill those who disagreed with them , but there 's second century testimony to Christians assembling on the first day.Regardless , the author then returns to Revelation , declaring that the mark of God is the Sabbath observance , and therefore the mark of the beast is to worship on Sunday . He is convinced that forces exist in America to establish a national Sunday Law which will lead to the persecution of anyone who does not worship on Sunday.The author maintains Evangelical positions on faith only and salvation but is hyper-Sabbatarian in outlook . He attempts in an appendix to dismiss the many examples of Christians assembling on the first day of the week and insists that Paul 's custom of evangelizing in the synagogues among the Jews is evidence of Christians observing the Sabbath . No mention or comment is made regarding Hebrews 4:1 -11 and its relevance to understanding the Sabbath . The author also promotes the suggestion that the Law of Moses can be divided into `` moral '' and `` ceremonial '' aspects , despite the fact that -LRB- a -RRB- the Bible never makes such a delineation of the Law , -LRB- b -RRB- the Law explicitly says that it 's all or nothing -LRB- e.g. Deuteronomy 4:2 -RRB- , and -LRB- c -RRB- Hebrews 7:12 -14 is hard to reconcile with such a view . He also suggests that the `` sabbath '' of Colossians 2:16 is really the seventh year Sabbath for the fields despite having no evidence whatsoever to show how Paul 's declaration should be so limited , especially since Paul mentions the new moon , which is normally discussed in parallel with the seventh-day Sabbath observance -LRB- e.g. Isaiah 1:13 -RRB- . It 's a sad little book , really ; I 'm sure the author will chalk this up to further `` persecution , '' but the suggestion that forces will combine to re-establish Sunday as a day of rest , especially in our secular world which loves the money made through people working on Sunday -LRB- and Saturday , for that matter -RRB- , is quite hard to envision . I have no doubt that some people would like to see legislation mandating Sunday as a day of rest ; it would also not surprise me if there were people who would like to legislate Saturday as the day of rest and be as guilty of persecution and intolerance as the author claims those who insist on Sunday would be.I have to agree with the author in that Sunday was never declared a day of rest , either ; the Hebrew author makes it clear that the Sabbath rest for the Christian is in heaven and the resurrection -LRB- Hebrews 4:1 -11 -RRB- . Ironically , his insistence on maintaining Old Testament legislation can be seen as a holdover from doctrinal developments promoted by none other than the Roman Catholic church so demonized by the author in the book . How often people condemn in others similar things of which they have swallowed themselves!In the end , the book is a great reminder of why it is so important to read the Bible in its context , to allow one 's understanding of the New Testament to inform one 's view of Revelation , not vice versa , and as a warning against making one 's own pet issue * the * major issue in Scripture ... because it 's probably not the major issue of Scripture , and it just makes you look foolish .
 This book arrived in my mail book unsolicited . I am a Roman Catholic and so is my mother who lives across the street . My mother and my next door neighbor also received a copy of the unsolicited book.My mother and I are both highly educated women and hold several degrees including a PhD . We both have studied our religion thoroughly and have an excellent working knowledge and understanding of our Catholic faith.As a person and follower of Christ , I have religious tolerance and respect for other people 's religious beliefs , ethnicity and sexual orientation . From my Catholic education and my upbringing , I have learned that it is not my place to judge my fellow man -- for I am NOT God . Each day , I try to live my life the way I believe God would want me too . Each day I attempt to make this world a little better by asking God , `` How can my life be of assistance ? `` I read the first 3 chapters in my FREE book then reviewed the appendix and looked up the author 's references . The statistics are decades old and the only facts appear to be the Biblical quotes from the Book of Revelation . As one reviewer stated , the book can be purchased online for a penny . That should be a red flag to anyone wishing to buy this book.After reviewing the book 's references , I threw the book in my garbage can next to my desk.I invite all who wish too to read the book and judge for yourself weather it is worth a penny and the shipping cost to send it to your home.Personally , I think a penny is way too much money for this book .
 I just received this unsolicited book in the mail . I was hoping for a good laugh , ala Jack Chick tracts , but there were none to be found . It was , however , kind of amusing to see one Christian sect accusing the other of misinterpreting their imaginary buddy.It was free and not even worth that much.If you 're determined to waste your money , I have a pink unicorn I 'll sell you .
 The thesis of this book is that Christians must observe the Sabbath . The book actually goes further than this , and makes the claim that the `` mark of the beast '' is Sunday worship . How does that work out ? Well , apparently there 's going to be a Sunday law passed in order to resolve the economic crisis . -LRB- No , I do n't know how doing that is supposed to help in the first place . -RRB- Other claims are that the beast out of the sea is the Papacy , the beast out of the earth is the United States , and that the image of the beast is Protestant America.How does the author support all this ? Very badly . Passages from the Bible are given interpretations with little to no support . For instance , the author writes , `` The lamb-like horns indicate youth , gentleness , and represent civil and religious freedom . '' There is no attempt to justify this interpretation.The author also mangles history , claiming that Sunday worship arose by an act of Constantine . However , patristic sources prove that Christians worshiped on Sunday long before the time of Constantine . The New Testament evidence about this is dealt with incompletely and unsatisfactorily . Also , the book claims that when Constantine became a Christian , Christianity became the state religion . This is false.The author has a rather irritating style , and has the habit of exclaiming things like , `` Incredible ! `` In short , if you do n't want to be treated to bad writing , incorrect history , and silly interpretations of the Bible , avoid this book .
 Would like to know some information about the author.What denomination or religion she is associated with.What god does she worship?Did she do her own research her self?Is she still alive?Will she write another book?Has her belief 's changed ?
 While it does correctly teach saturday is G-d 's sabbath , this book takes a scriptural truth to deceive people and uses it to promote satanic doctrines . I received this book as a `` free bonus '' when I ordered another book at a different site -- I immediately saw it was written by demons and I ripped it up and threw it away -LRB- amazingly it came with a book that was 100 % scriptural which I ordered several more of from amazon -RRB- This is an example of a book that was written by demons and masquerades as Christian .
 Editorializing the bible in addition to assuming to know the Cathechism of the Catholic Church is in its entirety what this book bases its thesis . Clearly the book is the work of a salesman selling you cheap theology for your consumption but not for your edification . 1 Billion strong the Roman Catholic membership is a lot to say compared to a denomination claiming less than 16million in membership . Furthermore the seventh day adventist church was established primarily to address another sensationalized event ; they predicted the end of the world at the turn of the twentieth century . So sensationalize this author will ; it worked to build a herd of assuming poorly cathechised followersin the late 1800 's . Establishment of the so called whore of Babylon church in Rome is entirely misrepresented and its true establishment and references to this is necessarily not included from the Holy Bible , this writers chief reference .
 This was an amusing , yet disjointed little read . A little lady knocked on my door and handed me this book , as I questioned her it was obvious she did not understand the concepts of history and rhetoric . I knew when I read of John the Revelator , -LRB- where can I get a hold of him ? -RRB- it would be another version of the Pope is going to get you ! -LRB- which Pope is it going to be ? -RRB- I glanced at it out of curiousity.All in all I found it to be funny , and I had nothing better to do that day .
 Interesting but perfer the bible for `` by the book '' leadershi
 This book arrived in my mail book unsolicited . I am a Roman Catholic and so is my mother who lives across the street . My mother and my next door neighbor also received a copy of the unsolicited book.My mother and I are both highly educated women and hold several degrees including a PhD . We both have studied our religion thoroughly and have an excellent working knowledge and understanding of our Catholic faith.As a person and follower of Christ , I have religious tolerance and respect for other people 's religious beliefs , ethnicity and sexual orientation . From my Catholic education and my upbringing , I have learned that it is not my place to judge my fellow man -- for I am NOT God . Each day , I try to live my life the way I believe God would want me too . Each day I attempt to make this world a little better by asking God , `` How can my life be of assistance ? `` I read the first 3 chapters in my FREE book then reviewed the appendix and looked up the author 's references . The statistics are decades old and the only facts appear to be the Biblical quotes from the Book of Revelation . As one reviewer stated , the book can be purchased online for a penny . That should be a red flag to anyone wishing to buy this book.After reviewing the book 's references , I threw the book in my garbage can next to my desk.I invite all who wish too to read the book and judge for yourself weather it is worth a penny and the shipping cost to send it to your home.Personally , I think a penny is way too much money for this book .
 This book arrived in my mail book unsolicited . I am a Roman Catholic and so is my mother who lives across the street . My mother and my next door neighbor also received a copy of the unsolicited book.My mother and I are both highly educated women and hold several degrees including a PhD . We both have studied our religion thoroughly and have an excellent working knowledge and understanding of our Catholic faith.As a person and follower of Christ , I have religious tolerance and respect for other people 's religious beliefs , ethnicity and sexual orientation . From my Catholic education and my upbringing , I have learned that it is not my place to judge my fellow man -- for I am NOT God . Each day , I try to live my life the way I believe God would want me too . Each day I attempt to make this world a little better by asking God , `` How can my life be of assistance ? `` I read the first 3 chapters in my FREE book then reviewed the appendix and looked up the author 's references . The statistics are decades old and the only facts appear to be the Biblical quotes from the Book of Revelation . As one reviewer stated , the book can be purchased online for a penny . That should be a red flag to anyone wishing to buy this book.After reviewing the book 's references , I threw the book in my garbage can next to my desk.I invite all who wish too to read the book and judge for yourself weather it is worth a penny and the shipping cost to send it to your home.Personally , I think a penny is way too much money for this book .
 This book really did a good job getting my fireplace going . It came in the mail unsolicited.Seriously , this is pure nonsense . Very typical Christians Gone Wild view of how we 're all doomed and the world is coming to an end and blah , blah , blah . I 've heard it all before ... the world was supposed to end when Regan was elected president , Y2K , 9/11/01 , and 2012 is next.A . Jan Marcussen is a typical zealot who will attempt to play on your fears to get you to believe whatever line of BS he is preaching by quoting some verses from the bible . Let 's all try to interpret Revelations and we 'll see what crazy things we can think up . Let 's try to scare people so they join our cult . Let 's all point fingers at the non-believers ... we 're so much better than they are because we have faith.Well , I have plenty of faith in God ... and I 'm not going to let someone talk me into believing the world is doomed based on his painting . If the world ends tomorrow ... A. Jan and I will have at least one thing in common ... we 'll both be dead .
 I found the book interesting but would like to know more about the author and what `` religion '' the author represents . I found the book to be more legalistic than realistic , does the author not remember that Jesus himself said that the Sabbath is made for man , not man for the Sabbath ? I would also like to refer the author to read the book of Colossians , in particular I refer to Colossians2 :16 , Let no man therefore judge you in meat , or in drink , or in respect of an holy day , or of the new moon , or of the sabbath days . End of direct quote , it is my hope that all will search for the truth themselves , open up their Bibles and not take the words of this author or any other author , but will search the ONLY WORD OF GOD , and that is the Bible ! May God Bless All Richly in their search for truth !
 We received a copy of this book unsoliciated in the mail from a group that calls itself `` New Life and Hope '' but is too cowardly to list anything but a PO Box.It deserves no stars unless you 're the sort of person who likes to see yet another group of wackos using the death of a lot of innocent people on 9-11 to promote their own agendas . Something they have in common with the terrorists.It follows up with a section on how the Pope is `` The first beast '' -LRB- not any specific pope , mind you -RRB- , which is sure to entertain Catholics the world over.Only a idiot would give these fools any of their money , but the world is full of such idiots who think that 3.50 will buy them some sort of secret truth.No stars for this book . It 's crappily written in addition to everything else .
 Although there are only a few books currently discussing about the internal of JVM , this book is the worst of them . It copies too many pages such as the bytecode semantics from the JVM specification by Sun Microsystems and these parts consume around half of the books . Also most contents not borrowed from JVM specification is far too simple to be an indepth discussion of JVM . It only took me 2 hours to read the whole book and to find out that it is a bad book .
 Having been an Access business apps developer for the past two years , I 'm now beginning a MS Office automation project gluing Access and Excel . I do n't have , nor have I read this book , but I 've looked at the sample pages and am familiar with other titles by the authors . It seems like I 'll need the Cookbook now , but I 'm writing this in February 2004 and the next edition will be available next month - I 'll wait until then .
 Reading the publishers description of `` Happy Days , '' it seemed that this short novel would be fantastic
 I recognize that this book is really definitive on this topic . So I can not help but assume that if I had the patience to figure out how to use it properly it would be worthwhile . BUT ... Being somebody already reasonably familiar with using eastern languages on a computer , I have no desire to read the text in the book from the beginning . The majority of the book is code-page tables , which is an important reference . -LRB- They are actually of limited utility , since they are only indexed one way
 The book is a mess . About 16 authors put together a book with no structure or purpose . The reason such a large book contains so little information is that subjects are duplicated throughout the book . This one is a `` STAY AWAY '' .
 I am an expert on FrontPage 98 , and I am trying to learn Visual InterDev 6.0 . I read this book 3-4 times while trying to follow the examples . I got lost ! This book is no good for beginner !
 I was cheated by author , this book is the worst book about interdev , It has n't any example , only includes some introduction.Remember , Do n't waste your money .
 This book tries to cover topics in a very abstract way . You do not get a feel for the components that make up a VI project . It barely touches on Design Time Controls . It just tells the user what these things are , I could have found that out by looking at the help files of VI . I need some pratical examples of how to use these components , which this book has miserably failed to provide . There is no source code availble on their web site either like they say . I went there and their web site kept giving me errors . In short , if you are looking for help on building useful sites buy another book .
 If you are looking to do any database development using VID , then all you really need is page 255 of this book . It clearly shows how to get and display data from a db using DTC 's but leaves you in the dark about how to use VID 's tools to do updates , deletes , etc. . Just rip page 255 out and avoid paying for this one .
 This book is a waste of money . It is even better to read the document in MSDN .
 A lots of mumble-jumble materials which never really materialized for once . The instructions at times can be very frustrating with its example and procedures on showing you how to use InterDev . In the end , for me anyway , I find other books , even if they were not specificly written for Visual Interdev 6 , offered more useful references and materials that actually kept me refering back to them from time to time .
 At US$ 40.00 , a near-useless book . Perfunctory introductions to InterDev , without enough detail in any examples to really get you going . Many screenshots do n't match up to the descriptions -LRB- obvious proofing errors abound -RRB- . And gratuitous use of the sort of `` let 's just name the interface elements '' approach to instruction books . -LRB- Example
 This book does n't really help you to learn the basics of Visual Interdev 6.0 . It seems that the book was written on the beta version of Interdev , and therefore includes several errors . But this is n't all ! There are several references to the accompanying CD , but there is no CD included ! So , you will have to type over the code listings yourself , but even then , it wo n't work ! If you really need information on how to work with Interdev itself , if you need detailed information on ASP , and accurate `` How to do this ... '' information , do n't even think of buying this one !
 There are some errors in this book . It is frustrating to try and follow the examples step-by-step because some of the screens and functions in the book do not match up with the actual InterDev 6 screens and functions . Perhaps the examples were based on a beta version of InterDev 6 ?
 This book did n't give much more information than the `` Exchange 2000 Reviewers Guide '' whitepaper from Microsoft . The layout was so poor that you have to jump around the book to put `` the puzzle together '' . The auther did a good job at rehashing all of the Microsoft marketing materials , however . It was a book that told what Exchange could do , what each feature could do , but it was n't very good at explaining HOW to configure them.Avoid this book if you need a good technical reference , your better off logging on to Microsoft Technet for the info , or spend your money on a different technical reference book .
 Instructions to make a quick buck
 This book does not contain real tech information pertaining to real word situations . This book might a little helpful if your migrating from exchange 5.5 . Other than that it is to non-technical .
 You will find much more info just reading the online help files . Which is what I did n't want to do , and had to anyway ! Well over half the book covered deployment and planning . I wanted administration and much more in-depth coverage of Lotus Notes connection and Outlook Web Access . I only gave this book 2 stars because it did answer a couple questions , but if I purchase a book and have to get most answers in help files , I do n't like it . I partly am to blame for not liking it though . When I got it , there were only two other books available . I see several others now , and will have to spend more I guess .
 Given the size of the book -LRB- > 600 pages -RRB- , I expected more technical detail . There is far too much filler material and not enough in depth information on Exchange 2000 . More information and details are required in the key subject areas . The author also tends to jump around between different subjects within the same chapter . Overall , possibly one of the worst technical books I have purchased lately .
 This title only has a few pages that deal with Exchange 2000 -- it was obviously an update of an older book and is little help at all . The section on Outlook Web Access proves the point with screen shots from Exchange 5.5 , not 2000 -- there are entire sections that are technically incorrect and yet others still that seem to have nothing to do with Exchange 2000 . -LRB- Like detailed technical information on using old versions of Lotus products with Exchange 5.5 ... hello ? -RRB- Obviously , this was a rush-to-market job -- the author does n't seem to understand what is different between Exchange 5.5 and still refers to `` old '' concepts that no longer exist with Exchange 2000 . To sum it up , if I could return it solely for the fact of it being a lame attempt , I would .
 I bought this book because I am working on a software project that involves Exchange 2000 . However , the book 's author does not use proper terminology . For example , they talk about SAM replication times but Exchange 2000 uses Active Directory . They talk about site connectors but Exchange 2000 uses Routing Group Connectors . I know this product is still in Beta , but RC2 is feature complete . This book could have been better . Only buy this if you absolutely need to implement Exchange 2000 ASAP . If you read Microsoft 's documentation first , you can weed through this book for more details .
 When David Hampshire wrote his first book `` Living and Working in Switzerland '' , he had some very good practical information for foreigners new to the country . There were a lot of prejudices and distorted views -LRB- most Swiss are rich , the country is sort of made of chocolate , banks and cheese , etc. -RRB- , but there were so many practical information not easily found elsewhere in the country . With this new title the good practical information is now almost completely lost among his prejudices and negative views of America . The book will certainly almost scare the naive reader . The data is not always accurate and he seemed to have ignored the current economic boom in America -LRB- albeit his updated version -RRB- . Worse , he seems to be totally ignorant of many aspects of life and work in America and of the American society itself . He has now also written books about buying homes in some southern European countries and about living and working in Australia and Britain -LRB- Canada was skipped ... -RRB- . Hopefully the good things of his Switzerland book will prevail somewhere in his writing , while the others will eventually disappear . Yet this one book on America shows quite the opposite . It should have instead been titled `` What every patriotic and single-minded British person thinks of America , the ex-colony . ''
 This book does have some bits of good information -LRB- usually these are practical information like `` How to ... '' -RRB- contained in it . However when you reach the sections on American culture it is very easy to find out biases creeping out of the book . These comments are written from a largely British or Commonwealth perspective -LRB- which is not surprising since Mr Hampshire himself is British -RRB- . In the assessment about the American electoral system Mr Hampshire thinks the -LRB- continental -RRB- European proportional representative system is superior to `` Winners take all '' system that America uses . Ironically in his home country the Parliament -LRB- forget the Scottish and Welsh assemblies -RRB- is elected using the `` First past the post '' system - which is identical to the American electoral system.The bottom line is
 Tiger in a Trance -LRB- repeating Just Say No to itself over and over -RRB- ? I do n't think so . Deadheads probably already know the place to find the best piece of GD literature out there - http://www.sugarmegs.org Click on the Mad Hatter - he 'll show you the way ! It may take a little trip but the best stuff always does ! You just got ta poke around ...
 Why buy this version of the Episode I screenplay ? Far from a facsimile , this is an edited version of the shooting script , modified to fit the action exactly . I DO N'T recommend it . If you want a copy of the script , I recommend the Star Wars Episode I
 Now you can have the all the stilted dialog with none of the special effects to distract you from the great writing . Oops , also included is a 16 page color photo gallery . Trust me . Jar Jar Binks is even more annoying in print . Phantom Menace ... great name for it .
 Like the story of Sawney Beane , the more outre exploits of Dashwood and his Franciscan Friars will be repeated as fact as long ass there are people more interested in sensational stories than truth . Much of it had its origin in politically motivated slander by former associate John Wilkes , another fascinating character . Mannix 's book is an enjoyable read , but do n't take it too seriously since , as with most who have written about Dashwood 's `` Hell Fie Club , '' he did n't want any real research -LRB- and possible attendant debunking -RRB- to get in the way of any good stories . This is even more enjoyable if read in tandem with a good biography of Dashwood so that you can sort out the BS for yourself .
 I am so shocked to see this author 's name in the SAP-Oracle arena . This is one of his junky books becase it is technically incorrect . I will not be fooled by a self promoted `` Oracle Expert '' . I give this book one star becaue it is just a `` book '' ...
 Good book from an Oracle DBA perspective , however it contains a lot of errors , like page 9
 This is a much-needed book in the SAP marketplace , but in its current form , this edition is n't it . As an experienced R/3 administrator , hoping to expand my understanding of the R/3 - Oracle integration points , I bought this book with high hopes . The author lost a great deal of credibility in my eyes with the number of glaring errors when discussing R/3 . It is obvious that no R/3 Basis Administrator was asked to review the text for accuracy . Based on the number of errors I discovered in the first few chapters on R/3 , I could n't trust that the remainder of the text would be correct , as the subject matter advanced to topics I had less expertise on -LRB- i.e. Oracle -RRB- . I do not question the authors expertise with Oracle . I do question his ability to write a book that creeps outside his area of expertise without outside assistance.I understand that this book is targeted towards Oracle DBAs who are pushed into an SAP environment where the world as they know it turns upside down , and not necessarily for SAP Basis Administrators looking to learn more Oracle skills . Still , I think this book could have been so much more for the author and SAP administrators worldwide.It is still a much needed book in the SAP market , and I reluctantly recommend buying it , but only after visiting OReilly 's web site for the errata .
 The author has definately tried take advantage of the fact that SAP System Admin Documentation is not so thorough and extensive.It is clear that he has never worked with SAP before . The book is full of mistakes that even a Basis Administrator with 6 months experience would know . For example , the author says that the SAP SID must be 3 characters long , must start with the letter S followed by any other 2 characters , with SAP being the exception , like we all know this is a load of hogwash . Save your money , because in my opinion the author 's only intention is to make some money out of you , despite his dismal inexperience in SAP . I will never buy another book written by the author .
 We 've been slowly reading Crais ' bibliography , and now wish we had done so in order , as in this book , the same Lucy leading man -LRB- PI -RRB- Elvis Cole met in Voodoo River has now moved to be with Elvis in California . When Lucy 's son Ben is abducted while Elvis is babysitting , and soon a threat is made regarding Elvis ' past exploits long ago in Viet Nam , it mars their relationship to say the least . When Lucy 's ex-husband Richard gets involved , with his own `` security '' forces and apparently unlimited resources , things get hairy in the hunt for the bad guys and the hoped for return of the kid . Before long , Elvis calls his buddy Joe Pike to ask for his help , and the plot is on.Frankly , we were disappointed in this tale . Elvis was in no way his usual wise-cracking self , and some stream of consciousness segments throughout , including a long foreword and after-word , were confusing and somehow hardly relevant . We also did not care for the many scene changes and shifts from the point-of-view of many different characters , so that the same scenes were sometimes replayed several times from each character 's vantage point . It was almost like Crais was trying harder to write a screen-play than a crime novel . We also thought the otherwise straight-line plot was almost over-the-top violent compared to other entries in the series.While we thought Crais was destined to be a new favorite , now we 're not too sure , as so far we 're not as endeared to Cole and Pike as we thought we would be , and this particular story was not exactly up our alley . We 'll give Crais and company one more try and then decide .
 After Demolition Angel , I have tried to love subsequent books by Mr. Crais , but none - for me - have come anywhere close to meeting the standards set in the first Starkey book . I picked up The Last Detective because of Starkey 's role in it , but I simply could n't get into the book . I 've tried twice , and I swear I 'm going to try again . But the book just failed to pull me in .
 This story is terrible . I do n't even know where to start , so I 'll sum it up with this
 Robert Crais came highly recommended to me by several fans of his , so I read ` The Last Detective . ' I was so disappointed . I could not believe that Elvis Cole had no idea or clue who kidnapped Ben ! Robert Crais had that telegraphed from the first page !! I was also disappointed in the military descriptions -- very many telling mistakes . I was most disappointed in the very many grammatical mistakes that were made by the author . He could definitely use a college level writing class to improve his grammar . He writes as though he has no understanding of the English language . I was very disappointed in this book . I will read no more of this author ; he does not deserve my time .
 I bought this book by relying on the first fourcustomer reviews , all five stars . This was a sillytale without any strong characters . Having justfinished `` The Vanishing Man '' and `` The Da Vinci Code '' , I ca n't give this book more than one star . Whoeverwrote about tension and suspense , I could not findany of them . The book was too predictable , and Elvislacks the smarts to be a half decent P.I.
 I love the Elvis Cole Series by Robert Crais . I am not reviewing the author or the book , but my purchase . My CD was incomplete . It covered the first chapter , 31 minutes . The rest of the audio was deleted , or just was n't there . I was very disappointed.The Last Detective -LRB- Elvis Cole -RRB- -LSB- Abridged -RSB- -LSB- Audiobook -RSB- -LRB- Audio CD -RRB- Alvin
 I love all the Elvis Cole novels - apart from this one . Very disappointed - very few witty one liners , Joe Pike not really doing much , the bird from Demolition Angel popping up , Elvis 's unhappy childhood . Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . Skimmed through it in no time at all , did n't chuckle once . Boring and generic are the words that spring to mind . Will I read another one ? - probably , but wo n't fork out top dollar for the large format paperback .
 The latest installment in author Robert Crais ' series featuring private detective Elvis Cole has it all
 I have been a fan of Robert Crais , thats why I was VERY SURPRIZED with The Last Detective . I was dissapointed at its length at first , 300 pages , but James Lee Burke can write a great book in just 300 pages , so , maybe can Crais . I was wrong ! Very dissapointing . And what was the bear thing all about ?
 Poor plot , gave the original bad guy away very early , he wept and cried several times , but he 's become very sharing/caring/sensitive . How precious .
 `` Hostage '' was a peak for Crais ; all the previous Elvis Cole stories seemed to have built up to it . `` The Last Detective '' is laden with intrusive and implausible pseudo-psychology . If I buy his next , it 'll be when it 's out in paper .
 I have been a fan of Robert Crais since I was first captured by Crais 's unique and enjoyable style in `` Freefall '' in the early 90 's . `` Freefall '' was my first Elvis Cole novel , and I was immediately hooked . He quickly became one of my favorite authors . I went on to read every other Cole book I could find , and was sad to see `` Hostage '' and `` Demolition Angel '' come out in place of another Elvis story . I was , however , NOT disappointed in either book , as for stand alone novels , these were top notch , well done , fast paced stories that kept you on the edge of your seat.I was beyond thrilled to hear that Crais was working on another Cole story . But when I got the hard copy of `` The Last Detective '' in my hands after a very long 4 year wait , I am sorry to say I was highly disappointed.Gone from this book was Elvis 's witty one liners , his fun sense of humor and cast of quirky , odd-ball secondary characters . The thing I 've always loved about Elvis is that lying underneath his good-natured humor was a man with good morals , who was absolutely dead serious about getting the job done . Every Elvis book in the past has dealt with serious issues , but not once did Elvis loose the light hearted way in which he dealt with these issues . Unfortunately , that is not the case with `` The Last Detective '' . There is absolutely no humor in this book , and it is full of darkness , moodiness and a lot of military psycho-babble , which is hard to follow at times and a bit dry . The story is a bit slow , and jumps back and forth from being told in first to third person , making the pace of an already choppy book even choppier . Although I enjoyed `` Demolition Angel '' and did sympathize with Carol Starkey 's dark , moody and foul-mouthed character , and while I applaud Crais 's decision to intertwine Starkey with Elvis , I do not think they would make a good romantic pairing , which it appears -LRB- if the end of `` The Last Detective '' is any indication -RRB- that Crais is considering for future Cole novels.The one good part of this book was learning more of Elvis 's past . Though that is something I 've been longing to be revealed , I would have preferred it to have been done differently somehow , perhaps within in-depth , soul-searching discussions between Elvis and Lucy , or even Elvis and Pike.All of this said , I am still a huge Crais fan , and will anticipate Crais 's next Elvis Cole release . I can only hope that future stories will revert back to his older style of writing , the one which we 've come to know and love .
 Mr. Crais is a very good writer , unfortunately this in not his best effort . I believe the publish date was pushed back -- should have been pushed back further . Read all his other books and save this one for last . Not one of those to recommend or read again .
 I LOVE Robert Crais and Elvis and especially Joe , but this one was so much like some of the others , I kept thinking `` have I already read this book ? '' Same old , same old . Crais needs to get away from bad guys stalking Elvis ' girlfriend and her son in so many books , and get back to what he used to do so well ... detective stories with strange characters that highlight Elvis ' intelligence and Joe Pike coming to the rescue .
 Despite the previous review of five stars and that he passed -LRB- using books on line and most assuredly experience -RRB- this book fails to do its stated job.While the book does have a lot of information about SQL Server 7 it is extremely short in some areas . I took the Beta Exam for Administration and noted the following shortcomings in this book : Almost nothing on roles , permissions , etc. . The Beta exam had 13 out of 113 questions on this and they were very detailed . This book is too general . Never addressed moving users around.Nothing on Windows 98 as a server or client and connectivity . Beta Exam beat this to death.Over abundance of fill in the blank questions in the book . None of the questions took the format of the real exam.BCP is so lightly covered as to be laughable.Nothing about determining space requirements on a Database.Nothing on how to accomplish tasks that are normally done by wizards without using the wizard.Nothing about options when you perform these tasks . Beta Exam asked a lot about this.I could go on but you get the picture . Just wish the authors had taken the Beta Exam so the book would have done a better job . If they did take the exam they failed to incorporate lessons learned.If you buy the book do so knowing it will tell you some good stuff about SQL Server 7.0 but it will not get you ready for the exam.Cheers
 Letters From Rifka by Karen Hesse is a book about a 12 year old girl , Rifka 's journey from Russia to Ellis Island in New York . This book is writtin in a series of letters to Rifka 's cousin Tovah . Even though it has historical information and gives you information about immigrants trip to America , it is n't a book i would reccomend . It has no funny parts in it and unless you are serious about finding information you probably wo n't be interested in this book .
 rifka was a girl that was trying to get to America . But the guards were on a look out for her because she was Jewish .
 The book came fine and was the right book but the binding was broken and all the pages were falling out .
 I made my purchase on 12/30/11 . After a few days it still showed as `` waiting to ship '' . I sent several emails requesting a shipment date with no response . I finally gave up and attempted to cancel my order on 1/9/12 and ordered from another company . That same day my purchase showed up at my door even though my status was still not shipped . Now I have to try and cancel my order from the other company . I do n't recommend buying from this company .
 I paid for it , i need it next week , i 've filed a claim , but still no book ? How can i review a service when that service was never provided?I will update this review if and when i actually get what i paid for.James McDonald
 This book contains very little meat for my taste . I ca n't believe that , as a book devoted to Windows error messages , it does not even mention the Windows NT Event Log anywhere ! I 'm returning the book since I ca n't find much in the book that adds to my experience.Perhaps new programmers can learn a thing or two from this book such as the three elements of good error messages . But as an experienced developer , I 'm totally disappointed with this book and would not recommend it to any of my peers .
 Compared to the John Sanford prey series or the Michael Connelley Detective Harry Bosch seriesthis is pretty dull . There is no getting into the mind of the criminal at all . I also felt no intimaterelation with Detective Jury ; there is very little about his life problems or what he is thinking as hetries to solve the murder . It is just aplodding questioning of suspects with little if any real police procedure or scientific analysisof evidence . If you like British dialogue with weird names of streets and towns then this may appealto you . Some of the characters were interesting but that is it .
 Honestly , I have no idea why Martha Grimes is so popular . This is the only novel by her that I managed to slog through , and I hope it is n't characteristic of how this author usually writes . This was one of the most boring attempts at a mystery that I have ever encountered . The plot is pretty much non-existent , the characters are completely one-dimensional and often practically indistinguishable . There are endless attempts at very tortured jokes that are supposed to pass for a sense of humor.The only reason I forced myself to finish this horrible book is because I really wanted to know what is it that makes so many people like this writer . Nevertheless , I still have no answer to this question .
 I was looking forward to reading this book hoping that it would be discussing how gay men experience spiritual things . Instead , I got yet another book that reinforces the stereotype of gay men as promiscuous , hedonistic and adolescent . The author tries to justify the so-called gay lifestyle by claiming that promiscuousness is a form of spiritual fellowship and that hedonism is the search for enlightenment . He also tries to convince the reader that gay men are superior to straight men , even though he states several times that this is not what he is doing , his tone makes it obvious . Gay men are more charitable -LRB- Chapter # 3 -RRB- , peaceful -LRB- Chapter # 2 -RRB- and fun to be around -LRB- Chapter # 6 -RRB- than heterosexual men are . He writes a whole chapter to explain why straight women prefer our company to that of straight men -LRB- Chapter # 7 -RRB- . Chapter # 8 explains the tribal bonding of the circuit , the dance , the drugs and , of course , the sex.This brings me to the main thing that I did not like about this book . It 's supposed to be about gay men 's souls and there is no mention of religion or G-d . This may be his soul , but it is not mine . There is nothing wrong , per se , with being promiscuous , hedonistic or adolescent , but please do not try to give it spiritual significance or portray it as something that defines our soul . At this point , the book left me depressed and sorry that I had even started reading it.However , in Chapter # 9 , Mr. Nimmons does hit the nail right on the head . I have never read a more accurate portrayal of the gay world that I have experienced . Gay men , especially in the milieu of a gay bar , can be catty , rejecting , and superficial . In Chapter # 10 , Mr. Nimmons makes a plug for his organization that seeks to offer an alternative to Chapter # 8 and # 9 . I wish him the best of luck in his endeavor . He is a visionary , but I fear , his vision will fall on eyes distracted by the next cute guy . It has been my experience that gay men are the way they are because that is how they want to be . But what we do not want to be is another stereotype . Just like everything else , our lifestyle has its good points and its bad points . It does not need an apology , an excuse , a justification , a change , or an elevation to a `` higher '' level . It is what it is ; but take heed , it is not our soul .
 the premise of this book suggested that there might be some interesting ideas in there . what a disappointment-there are none . the book is basically a brochure for the authors movement -LRB- ? -RRB- of manifestlove -LRB- as he calls it -RRB- . it all reads a bit new-age , and very american ... with little idea or appreciation of a whole other gay world out there beyond the u.s.a. what makes the book ultimately pointless is that nimmons has no new ideas - he spends the best part of the book outlining what is wrong -LRB- or underappreciated -RRB- with gay men and their lives -LRB- all seen through rose-tinted glasses ... especially the chapter on gay men-straight women friends ... yuck !!!!!! -RRB- , and then trots out some of his manifestlove ideas at the end . and consumers ... since you are now hooked , you are supposed to sign up for one of his courses/camps or whatever . it is a very cynical approach to write a book to promote your own industry ... and as such should be avoided ! spend your money elsewhere ! or better ... just go for a walk on a beach at sunset and enjoy the view and the sounds of the waves ... it will do you a lot more good ... and make you feel way better than this book !!!
 Cutsey and annoying writing wrapped around appealing , but ultimately empty ideas . Nimmons made comparisons when it supported his opinion , but when it would n't , he did n't . The world probably does n't need another brutal critique of gay men
 Cutsey and annoying writing wrapped around appealing , but ultimately empty ideas . Nimmons made comparisons when it supported his opinion , but when it would n't , he did n't . The world probably does n't need another brutal critique of gay men
 In my experience -LRB- and I wish it were not so ! -RRB- , gays tend to share some unpleasant character traits , such as effeminacy or lack of masculinity , cliquishness , and lewdness . The book 's chief merit is that it does n't deny their existence , but its chief defect is that it attempts , largely unsuccessfully , to try to interpret these characteristics in a more favorable light . I agree that some of these favorable interpretations are reasonable
 This book only has two or three items on every page.When they say over 100 items -LRB- words , phrases , ORsentences -RRB- , they mean it . When you buy this book , that is what you get . The translation for a few words , a few phrases , and a few sentences . This book is notworth three dollars . I regret buying this book.My idea of a dictionary is a book with thousandsof words . The Oxford Starter Chinese Dictionary IS adictionary . It 's an excellent dictionary for Englishspeakers to learn Chinese .
 I was very disappointed by this book . Vague and woolly . It did n't address the specifics needs for breeding Apistogrammas for example . Great pictures , but you can get great pictures free on the net . The quality of the photography is first rate and if you want a book just for browsing occasionally then its fine .
 I started this book with anticipation and the further I went the more disappointed I became . Whybrow makes an interesting arguement that Americans are slamming up against limits they refuse to recognize - biological limits like how much change the mind and body can absorb . He calls this the Fast Society and his argument builds upon earlier historians who noted the psychological effect of the closing of the frontier in the 1870 's . Whybrow 's primary hypothesis , however , is that there is something GENETICALLY special about Americans because we are descended from restless people . He traces both innovation -LRB- good -RRB- and inability to handle limits -LRB- bad -RRB- to this genetic material.There are two big problems with this thesis
 I was drawn into reading this book as it promised to add interesting insights to a fascinating area
 Peter Whybrow 's finest moments are to be found at the beginning and at the end of this book , in which he provides an eloquent , impassioned and highly quotable critique of contemporary American society . Ideally , these two sections should be treated as independent essays , because they really do n't deserve to go down with the rest of the ship - which , in this case , is a very long exposition of an error-ridden , poorly -LRB- though lengthily -RRB- defended , and , well , just plain wrong , hypothesis . The short version of Whybrow 's thesis is that Americans are `` manic '' because America was populated by migrants who were curiosity-driven , risk-takers , and that , somehow , this resulted in changes in neurobiology which in turn perpetuate -LRB- and perhaps create - this was vague -RRB- the inability to be satisfied with `` enough . '' One might expect this kind of individualistic theory from a psychiatrist , which is a profession that frequently misses the larger picture . What one does n't expect is the degree to which Whybrow explores the migrant `` mind-set '' without offering a shred of evidence for its existence . -LRB- No `` evidence '' can be offered . Most of these early migrants are quite thoroughly dead . -RRB- Notwithstanding the fact that a significant proportion of migrants came to America against their will -LRB- Africans , Chinese , and most women to name a few -RRB- there simply is no means to evaluate whether any migrant group anywhere experiences a shift in the activity of neurochemicals . Simply put , the claim is sheer nonsense.Whybrow makes a grand attempt at supporting his claims by drawing from venerable old dinosaurs . Although Whybrow quotes Adam Smith at considerable length -- giving the reader the false impression that Whybrow actually understands economics -- he does not analyze America 's manic spending with any kind of depth . Instead , he offers a series of broad , well-known statistics about wealth distribution , economic trends , etc , which tell us very little about the actual psychology involved in our supposed spending frenzy.All this could be forgiven had there been an adequate amount of thought put into the central tenets which form the bulk the book . But here again , Whybrow falls short . He tends to rely on popular prejudices more than actual research . His blithe claim that the fall of Soviet Russia signaled the triumph of laissez faire capitalism over communism stands as one of the more ridiculous statements in the book . -LRB- Not withstanding the very obvious communist elephant in the room - China - no reputable economist in the past 200 years has actually treated laissez faire capitalism as anything more than a quaint myth . -RRB- His assumption that obesity is somehow related to unbridled greed is equally absurd . When was the last time you saw an obese CEO ? A simple comparative field trip to a McDonald 's , and let 's say , a high-end French restaurant on the upper east side would have added a vital piece of factual information so deplorably missing from Whybrow 's analysis . For , unlike the exec-moms and financial wiz-kids who Whybrow seems to think are representative samples of `` America '' your average wage-earner does not suffer from `` over-scheduled '' children , jet-lagged interpersonal relations , and turbo-charged consumption.If are looking for an exposition of some of the unfounded myths `` explaining '' contemporary America , then this book is for you . However , if you 'd rather sink your teeth into something thoughtful and well researched , then read Jared Diamond , Kevin Phillips , and Chalmers Johnson .
 American Mania by Peter Whybrow , MD - Exploitive Misnomer?More , more , more ... what the hell are we all morticians?e.e . cummings.The fundamental premise of American Mania is that despite the affluence , the epidemic of stress , anxiety , depression , obesity and hurried sickness is addictive Americanism . Whybrow 's lays the cause to internal instinctual `` self interest '' and offers external social engineering as the solution.American Mania is misnomer reflecting , in my opinion , the virulent -LRB- though euphemized in multi syllabic words -RRB- Anti-Americanism of the author.More Mania would be more precise.And More Mania is neither American , French , British , Russian etc.Man 's instinctual fear of extinction has led to his primary strategy of acquisition to hinder , delay , defraud the inevitable demise of the body . The God of Acquisition is the illusory strategy - genuflected to as the savior or at least palliative to man 's inescapable passing.The God of Acquisition is not limited to the current currency -LRB- money -RRB- but may be position , ideas -LRB- particularly in academia -RRB- , etc.The story of Cain -LRB- in Hebrew Cain means `` acquisition -RRB- and Abel is the first story in the Judaic Christian ethic of the struggle between More vs. Enough.God -LRB- El Shaddai -RRB- choose Abel over Cain.Abel offered El Shaddai `` the first yearlings '' - the first fruits.Cain offered three truck loads from Krogers - after he knew he had a profit.Shaddai means `` God , God almighty , God all sufficient , '' in Hebrew.Abel , offered `` off the top '' the first yearlings as Shaddai was Enough regardless of profit.Cain , acquisition , waited for his profit and loss statement - as his God was first material acquisition.The question is
 I am aware that there is now a 3rd edition -LRB- Programming Python -RRB- out now of this series , but I can not in good conscience not comment about the problem with this particular edition.I own the first and second editions . I heartily recommend the 1st over the 2nd . In fact , the 2nd edition is actually missing material from the first - even though the 2nd is ALMOST TWICE THE SIZE of the first.This is the worst part . . the best reason to even own the 1st edition -LRB- the only reason basically IMHO -RRB- is a section near the back of the book . And get this . . thats the only part they took out for the second edition.Thats right , they added a bunch of useless text , and gutted the only thing that made the first edition of any value.I have both on my bookshelf , the 2nd edition is in perfect condition and collects dust . The 1st is worn from use . Take from that what you will .
 Total Krap.I started to just leave my review at those two words , but thought better of it in the interest of saving some other poor hapless soul the trouble and expense . Let me clarify ... IF your interest is in anecdotes of immorality - adultery , drug use and the like set against a -LSB- distant -RSB- backdrop of radio - and amateurish attempts at social/cultural engineering and historical inaccuracy/revisionism , you might enjoy this tome . BUT , if your interest is in radio history , read the chapter on XERF - which was quite entertaining - and forget the rest.If you are a fan of Wolfman , may I suggest you re-watch American Graffiti , listen to old radio shows and clips , and let the legend live on in your mind . After reading this book , your admiration will suffer mightily .
 i purchased this book to read about 1 of the greatest racers in MX history . what i got was a book that is little more than a copy of some of the bio from racing programs . a grand total of 31 pages including the index and glossary . i am sure the info is accurate , but this book contains absolutely nothing that a fan of Ricky Carmichael hadnt already seen many times before . definately was not what i expected it to be . go to the book store and buy 2-3 MX magazines , you will learn a lot more about Carmichael there . dont waste the money on this book .
 The only interest this book can have is that it shows us what scientists were thinking in the 1940s -LRB- `` What is Life ? '' -RRB- and 1950s -LRB- `` Mind and Matter '' -RRB- . The main point of `` What is Life '' is to show why the gene must be a molecule . Needless to say a great deal of progress has been made in molecular biology since the 1940s , beginning with discovering the structure of DNA . If you want to know about molecular biology , you want to read something rather more up to date , like , from a time when people knew that a stretch of DNA uses nucleotides to code for amino acids that then fold together to create proteins . In other words , you should not read `` What is Life '' unless you 're specifically interested in what people were thinking about genes around 1943 . I am interested in the history of science , but not enough to make reading this worthwhile , especially since it could 've been summarized in a few pages -LRB- or even a sentence
 I was supposed to read this book for one of my classes , and it was a quick and easy read . But had it not been for this class , I do n't think I would 've ever read it .
 I ca n't figure out why this book got so many great reviews . It is very general and vague , and its contents could have been written after a single general education course in business . This book may be better for people who have no idea whatsoever how to start their own business and need help identifying the entrepeneurial spirit . But those with a true entrepeneurial spirit have probably already taken the steps to explore and gather information that exceed the contents of this book.My opinion is that this book is generally more for high school kids or those who have no exposure to entrepenuers in their daily life . It is definitely not worthy of the Harvard logo .
 If you want to read a book by someone who does not have any entrepreneurial experience ... This book is for you ... if you want to read a summary of all entrepreneurial ideas ... This book is again for you ... Otherwise it is a big zero ... Do not spend your money or time ...
 Very disappointing . The Harvard name and logo can be so deceiving . The first half of the book is spent endorsing the Harvard Entrepreneurs Club , it 's members and the author . The actual content is rather lame . If you are absolutely new to the world of business , and you need the definition of CUSTOMER explained to you , maybe you 'll learn a little from this book . There are so many good Business Start-Up books available . My advice is to give this one a miss .
 This book is total waste of time and money ... I think the purpose is not giving insights about how to make a business , how to fund it ... If you want to learn something about start-ups and how to finance them ... Go and buy Lightspeed Business ... Do not waste your time with this book ...
 I 'm so embarrassed my friend gave me this book as a gift as I get ready to launch my own company that I want to return his money . This book is written like a term paper by an inexperienced student who leveraged the Harvard name . It was a worthless waste of my time to even scan it.Instead I would recommend the book by the founder of Subway - Start Small , Finish Big
 This book has more to do with American politics than negative implication of advanced technology like it is trying to shoot for.Database is merely a tool , and tools can bring hazardous results when held in wrong hands . SSN is another tool to get a grip on personal information for the government and large businesses , and the author is right in pointing out the abuse of SSN . However , one needs to note that use of such numbering system is considered unconstitutional in many countries , because they rob the rights to remain anonymous away from people.Traditionally , the interest of the nation and large businesses took precedence over the rights and freedom of commoners in the United States , and installment and abuse of SSN is just one of the tools they use in order to tap into what they should not.This book blames the tools and development thereof for such negative consequences , without ever blaming those who hold the tool . It 's like blaming chain saw itself for the lost forest , without ever considering who used the chain saw.The book never talks about the global trend of the issue . If it did , it would have been clear that most of the worries expressed in the book does not apply in many countries where the government and businesses are n't as nosy as ours . Freedom , individual rights and technology can co-exist , and there are lots of good examples to learn from on our planet , but the author refuses to do so . Most of the worries expressed in this book have to do with the ways of U.S. policymakers than the technology itself.As for the chapter on terrorism - The author might be a knowledgeable person within the boundary of the United States , but he severely lacks international common sense . It fails to address the cause of terrorism , noting , `` The terrorist of tomorrow is the irrational terrorist . -LRB- pp. 211 -RRB- '' - A typical uninformed American take on terrorism . The author needs to learn a few languages , travel every continent and see how the world works for himself before publishing a book on it . The ignorance alone does n't bother me , but I 'm not happy with the fact that it is published in a book that is supposedly informative , ending up with spreading unnecessary fear without presenting any valid solution . Besides , this chapter on terrorism strays from the purpose of this book -LRB- technology and privacy -RRB- . This is another indication that this book is compiled without sense of direction.All positive reviews quoted on the back cover are of domestic sources
 In Database Nation , Simson Garfinkel uses Orwellian prose and dark prophecies to dramatize an important but dry subject -LRB- how much the government should regulate the use of medical records and consumer purchasing records -RRB- . Garfinkel portrays our world as a hopeless technical dystopia where insurance companies rip you off , telemarketers bother you at dinnertime , terrorists run free and the average person is powerless to do anything about it.The book 's unrelenting pessimism makes it unbalanced and ultimately hurts the author 's credibility . For example , instead of giving a nod to the progress being made by pro-privacy agencies such as the Department of Health and Human Services and the state Consumer Protection Boards , Garfinkel dwells on abuses by the FBI and `` faceless '' corporations.I 'd skip this one unless you need another reason to be mad at insurance companies .
 This book is filled with a lot of paranoid ramblings , fear-mongering , and technical inaccuracies . It does contain a lot of interesting stories , but they seem to serve mostly to mask Garfinkel 's lack of technical understanding . He obviously did n't follow the old adage to `` write about what you know '' .
 I bought this book with the expectation that I would learn not only where `` my '' data are warehoused around the country , but also what to do to check it , and elect or `` opt '' out of various databases . Unfortunately , this book fails in that regard . There are ways to opt-out of Direct Mail , and contrary to the authors ' claims , the vast majority of direct mail firms DO make use of the `` DMA '' list . The reason is simple ecomonics
 Privacy has become an apple pie issue . These days everyone is for it , and most people assume that there is a `` right to privacy '' articulated somewhere in the US Constitution , but there is actually little consensus in our society about what `` privacy '' really means , let alone `` right to privacy . '' Alas , Garfinkel never quite puts forward a satisfying definition of privacy in Database Nation . He predicts -LRB- correctly -RRB- that the `` right to privacy '' will be one of the most important civil rights in the 21st Century , and -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that `` the federal government may be our best hope for privacy protection as we move into the new millennium . '' When examined more closely , most of the invasions of privacy he cites are actually violations of due process , negligence , inaccurate data , abuses of the nanny state , or outright fraud.The book suffers from so many errors that space does not allow me to identify them all.Garfinkel misstates the federal law regarding social security numbers and driver licenses . He also seems unclear on the Fair Credit Reporting Act -LRB- FCRA -RRB- . According to Garfinkel , the FCRA `` forbids the release of the information for noncredit or insurance purposes , such as direct marketing or ` people-finding ' services . '' The truth is more complicated , but you wont find it in Database Nation.Garfinkel 's discussion of identity fraud is misinformed , and he passes along uncritically too much received wisdom about the issue . He seems to think that consumer credit reports contain the mother 's maiden name of the consumer and that `` lookup services make this information available , at minimal cost , over the Internet . '' Wrong on both counts . Forgive me , but at this point in the book I started wondering whether Garfinkel had ever even seen a credit report . As a licensed private investigator and professional debt collector , I deal with credit reports , look-up services , data protection laws and privacy issues every day , and am able to compare Garfinkel 's claims with my own first-hand knowledge . Garfinkel has too much of a graduate-seminar approach to these issues . He needs to get out more.I admit I have philosophical differences with Garfinkel 's framework of reference . The greatest threats to privacy come from government , not business , as government has unique powers to coerce information from its citizens which no private entity has . Garfinkel sees government regulation of the private sector as the solution to privacy concerns . I see it as the problem .
 `` Database Nation
 One thing I seriously do not understand at all : You 're writing a book about privacy . You criticize people exposing their private lives , criticize everything under the sun for intrusion of personal privacy . And you give very intimate moments of your life as examples . `` Once I wrote my wife a letter and I said in that letter ... '' the author continues . Who cares about how you two met or decided to marry ?? I believe it 's a little bit too personal and completely irrelevant . The examples of his personal life do n't even support any point he is trying to make . If you 're bragging about privacy rights and can not conceal `` yourself '' behind the curtain no one will take what you 're saying seriously . Write a memoir instead.I think the author is confused about many many more points like this one . His examples are weak , inconsistent , or irrelevant . Here 's another one
 Chapter 1 and 2 were okay , but to go thru the rest of this book will be torture.My husband and I are reading this together and I have found the subject good but its flow is so hard to follow I have given up .
 Not only did I waste money on this worthless book , I wasted a fortune on trying to sell my home using the advise of this guy . By the time I 'm done , what little profit I made will surely go to my attorney to keep the buyers of my home off my back .
 It pains me to give one of my favorite authors less than four...-ish stars , but I really feel as if Two on a Tower is not that great . As someone coming from a scientific/engineering background , I did of course get giddy with excitement upon seeing Mr. Hardy discuss the beauties of the sciences and people 's relations to them , and as far quotable quotes , Two on a Tower ranks among the best of Hardy 's oeuvre . You also have the whole questioning attitude towards marriage/relationships similar to Jude the Obscure coming out of this like you do . But this book is no Jude the Obscure . It felt more draggy and dull ... sort of like an episode of Happy Days after the series lost its stride . -LRB- And yes Happy Days did have a pretty nice stride there for a while -RRB- . I do n't know , keep Two on a Tower on the bench until you 've exhausted most of the rest of Team Hardy , which for me has a starting lineup of Tess , Jude , Madding Crowd , the Native -LRB- slight Return -RRB- , and the Mayor of Casterbridge.Yay
 For over a hundred dollars I expected a lot more from this book . The book really has two parts . The first is a very brief summary of the concepts on the test . No examples are used in these summaries , so it is not overly useful . The second part of the book is a very short practice exam . Although there are answers for the exam , there are no explanations for the non mathamatical problems . The solutions for the mathamatical problems are extremely short as well . If I paid $ 30 for this book I would n't be overly upset , but for four times that amount I expected a lot more .
 Cover
 If you have already read any book on Windows 2000 and are looking for more details , forget it . This hardly covers upgrading from Windows NT at all . If the book had been called something like `` A Brief Introduction to Windows 2000 '' I might have given it three stars , but since it failed to cover upgrading or migrating I give it one star . I have read about 30 MCSE books in the last couple of years and I believe that this is the worst I have read . I would not buy it again .
 I like the book but the formatting and editing is terrible . Some of the words are separated in the middle . Some lines repeat themselve or do n't make sense . Do n't waste your money on the kindle version . I can overlook a few mistakes but not this many .
 The author puts forth a `` New view ' and changes his story characters so then I did n't get my wish of ` how I would have hoped Soalme 's d. turned out . '
 This book is one for the stock car racing lover . Don Keith has captured the feeling and heart of NASCAR auto racing and the drive of the people behind the scenes . The way he tells how hard it is to break into the upper levels and the talent it takes is so very real . I recommend this to any NASCAR fan .
 I bought this book in addition to the official curriculum that MSPress publishes . I took the test today -LRB- 4/18/02 -RRB- and there might have been two questions on the test that this book covered . The official Microsoft book was more complete but in Microsoft 's usual manner it is difficult to always discern what is needed and what is overkill . You are better off learning COM and ATL 3.0 because my test was very heavy on both topics .
 I bought this book in Nov , 2002 . I read it in 2 days . It covers all the areas of the test , but it 's too superficial to be of any use . I would suggest you to buy a EXAM CRAM .
 I bought this book because I 'd heard how it took the `` guilt '' out of being behind in scrapbooking and because it makes you look at scrapbooking in a whole new way . It did neither for me . For me , scrapbooking has always been about preserving my memories . It also gives me a creative outlet . I thought her organizational system was interesting , but it would never work for me . I may not scrap in chronological order , but I 'd like my layouts to at least flow in some sort of chronological order . I also thought her layouts in the book were horrible and completely uninspiring . For a few great scrapbook idea books , I would go with Jeanette Lynton 's books , Cherish , Imagine , and Reflections .
 This is a novel so relentlessly slight that one proceeds through it with the constant expectation that the * actual * novel might at any moment begin . The whole thing -LRB- some 300 pages in my edition -RRB- reads like a set-up for something substantial , a story in which the characters here engaged - an actress named Julia ; her actor-manager husband Michael ; their accountant Tom ; their son Roger ; and a small cast of lesser -LRB- and entirely one-dimensional -RRB- figures , down to and including a caricature Cockney maid - have something of import or significance to do , say to one another , or perhaps think . The closest we get , alas , is a brief period of introspection on Julia 's part , prompted by an out-of-left-field observation from son Roger , in which she considers that it is possible that her life does not merely center around her acting , but has in fact itself * become * acting . And there we are.If there were any particular consequences to or results from the heroine 's several romantic intrigues -LRB- which substitute for a plot -RRB- ; if there were more about acting as such , or about the theater world of London between the wars ; if the dialogue were wittily engaging , or if the narration were somehow less pedestrian -LRB- one 's finger never once itches for the highlighter -RRB- -- if any of this were the case , one could see why `` Theatre '' deserved a place , if perhaps a marginal one , in Maugham 's much-praised oeuvre . But they are n't , so the question hangs fire
 While this highly detailed volume is valuable for its scope -- some 5,000 entries -- I found that the arrogance of the author crept into so many entries that the book is more misleading than informative . Therefore , use this book as a spelling guide , and ignore Riddick 's constant characterizations of major and minor players in British India . Pity Riddick coiuld not have just given us the information on these personalities without the tawdry editorializing .
 Reuth claims he embarked on this biography of Hitler 's Propaganda Minister because there were n't any good books on Goebbels . Not only is this balderdash , his offering is the weakest Goebbels biography in recent memory . The writing style is extremely pedantic , plodding , slow-as-molasses and tedious . Goebbels was an extremely complex , brilliant , devious man , but you 'll not encounter much of him here . Reuth inexplicably chooses not to use the copious 1920 's Goebbels diaries , which David Irving included in his infinitely superior biography of `` the little dwarf . `` This book is heavily weighted towards Goebbels role in WWII Berlin , which is curiously among the least-interesting periods of his life . Utterly glossed over are the most engrossing years of the `` Kampfzeit '' in the 20 's , where Goebbels was a discipline of Gregor Strasser and then only came under Hitler 's spell once he met him . Then it was no turning back . There is shockingly little interest displayed here in Goebbels ' fascinating private life . Magda , his wife , is scarcely mentioned , nor is Lida Baarova , the Czech actress that Goebbels fell in love with in 1938 . A chilly , disappointing read . Not recommended .
 A tedious , ponderous , barely readable bore of a book - typical of the the continuing `` cut and paste '' historical method employed by the other current darlings of fast-food history publishing -LRB- Kearns-Goodwin and Burns -RRB- . Hardly `` definitive '' - dull juxtaposition of historical documentation with carbon-copy editorializing . The bottom line - Goebbels was a deeply evil , disturbed individual who took his family - Germany - and Europe into the depths of the abyss ----- > The only thing `` definitive '' is yet another author repeating the same message . `` Cliche '' is a better adjective.Kudos also to `` Kirkus Reviews '' for their highly professional review describing how `` the author captures post WW-II Germany , and how this desperate country -- in which no kind of ability , industry , or talent was a guarantee against poverty -- nurtured Goebbels 's search for a savior who could galvanize the stricken Volk . . '' Hmmm , how Goebbles was the product of `` Post WW-II Germany '' huh -- Wow history real experts there .
 I bought this for a Creative Writing seminar on story cycles . I did n't understand how this piece was a story cycle , nor did I connect on any level to anything in the book - which made it a boring read .
 i was excited to read this book . the enthusiatic reviews by so many upstanding authors made me feel i was about to embark on a journey into something forceful & important . instead , i found myself barely submerged in a lot of jibberish and unfocused monologues.there were 1 or 2 compelling stories in the book , but for the most part - i could have cared less . there was n't anything about most of the characters that made me want to enter their worlds - i kept reading , hoping to find whatever it was the critics were raving about.needless to say , i never found it .
 This book has n't aged well . There is very little plot , very little dialogue , and very few verbs . -LRB- Seriously , there are stretches of five or six `` sentences '' in a row with nary a verb to be seen . -RRB- There are some beautiful gems compacted into the dense prose , but for the most part Phillips crafted chewy , chunky , unwieldy sentences that do n't give much pay-off for all the work you 've done to decipher them . I have a Masters in literature , I have read and understood Ulysses , but I had to give up on many of the incomprehensible lines here . `` I suck you up like erasers '' ? What?The subject matter has aged poorly , too . In 2006 , I 'm neither shocked nor intrigued by Phillips 's thinly veiled alter-ego 's confrontation with her mother over birth control.I can see why reviewers at the time were struck by the promise and poetry of her work ; the story `` 1934 '' has the most plot in the collection , and is quite lovely . But is she , as Nadine Gordimer wrote , `` the best short-story writer since Eudora Welty '' ? Umm , no .
 I love and hate these stories , but mostly . . I hate them . Maybe `` hate '' is putting too fine a point on it . I know Raymond Carver 's wife gushed that `` Black Tickets '' was the `` unmistakable work of early genius '' but she and I must have read different books . These stories are , for the most point , pretentious and awkward . Come on -- `` the snowy Bible hums ? '' `` Her breasts balloon , the sky opens inside them ? '' What the hell does that mean ? I ca n't even visualize it . Kudos to Phillips for experimentation , but it does n't work . I have to say that I do like `` Lechery '' and evidently so do many others , because it is heavily anthologized . `` Black Tickets '' is also compelling
 I did n't much cre for this book . It had too much sex stuff and not really any stories to follow . I thought it would be a good book , too since other well-known authors have praised it so well . I do not see what all the fuss was about .
 This book presents information retrieval in an incomprehensible fashion . The content appears to have been cut and pasted from diverse unrelated sources with no effort put into massaging the parts into a coherent whole . There are several mistakes , typos , and wrong formulas throughout the book . Often concepts and abbreviation pop out without any context . Loose statements that are vague and hard to understand are made in several places . The book also fails to use a consistent style in its presentation . Overall , it does little to explain anything in Information Retrieval .
 This book could not be found in the public Libraries because of the old cc
 Only a person who lived through the polio years could relate to this story . Today 's children need more background to understand the reasons for the fear , the method of polio transmission , and the references to `` commies . '' As a polio survivor , I had hoped that this book would tell a more informative and compelling story . Instead , the book raises more questions than it answers . I found it disappointing .
 THIS BOOK IS FULL OF FEAR . WHY SCARE MY CHILD WITH SOMETHING IF IT IS NOT NECESSARY ? I LIKE THE STORY AND HOW THE AUTHOR TOUCHED ON SEVERAL DIFFERNT SUBJECTS . I THINK TO DO THIS STORY JUSTICE , THE BOOK NEEDED TO BE LONGER . THIS IS THE FIRST CHILDREN 'S BOOK I HAVE SEEN ABOUT POLIO . KEEP THEM COMING .
 This book is a general networking book which so happens to deal with ERP systems . There are better books for networking available , but if you are already skilled in ERP systems and want to understand the network requirements this may be the book for you !
 Beware ! This book is a posthumous revision and has been significantly revised ! Chapter 11 is ` suppose ' to be on Yoga Nidra ! Get the original !
 As the title suggests , Five Voices , Five Faiths is a collection of five essays , each introducing one of the world 's major religions and authored by a practicing adherent of that religion . In order of presentation -LRB- as well as the historical order of the founding of these religions , according to the editor -RRB- , we encounter a `` Hindu , '' a Jew , a Zen Buddhist , a Christian , and a Muslim-Americans all-each explaining the basic tenets of their respective faiths.The five essays vary in their quality and depth of insight into the respective religions . Given the fact that each author was allotted only twenty pages to introduce a major world religion , one must expect the essays to be selective and limited with regard to their subject matter . The brevity , combined with each author 's pluralistic outlook-a sort of rush to non-judgment as it were-lends itself to a misleading presentation of the views.Professor Anantanand Rambachan 's essay on `` Hinduism '' blurs important distinctions among religious traditions that are often given this designation . Indeed , the reader comes away with the impression that Hindus are committed to a sort of panentheism , as he cites a hymn in the Rg Veda that `` states that while God pervades the universe by a fourth of God 's being , three-fourths remain beyond it '' -LRB- p. 3 -RRB- . He fails to tell his readers that he himself is an adherent of Advaita Vedanta , Shankara 's 9th century philosophy of absolute non-dualism . On Advaita , Brahman is the only existing being , so that the observable world of samsara around us is actually an illusion due to avidya or ignorance . Further , Brahman is literally `` propertyless '' according to Advaita Vedanta , so that no properties-from personhood to power to goodness-apply to `` him . '' The Advaitan concept of Brahman is a far cry from any theistic conception of God , and readers may be misled by the theistic overtones of Professor Rambachan 's use of `` God '' to refer to Brahman . Though the Hindu doctrine of ishtadeva and the corresponding doctrine of diverse margas or `` approved ways '' `` has enabled Hindus to think of the world 's religions in complementary and not exclusive ways '' -LRB- p. 7 -RRB- , the Absolute Monism of Rambachan 's own view entails that , while theistic belief may be instrumental as a stepping stone to the truth of Brahman , it is little more than a useful fiction.Yaakov Ariel 's essay on Judaism emphasizes Jewish culture and practice and decidedly de-emphasizes doctrine . We learn something of Hannukah and Rosh Hashanah , Yom Kippur and Purim , and of the cultural shift from the priestly class to a lay priesthood , from temple to synagogue , but precious little about what Jews believe about the Creator-or the Messiah.Patricia Phelan tells us something of the Buddha 's early life and original teachings , including the Four Noble Truths and the Noble Eightfold Path . The latter , with its practical emphasis , gets the most attention , and she steers clear of themetaphysical implications of , say , the Buddhist doctrines of `` dependent origination '' and its corollaries of anitya -LRB- impermanence -RRB- and anatman -LRB- no-self -RRB- . After nodding in the direction of the other Buddhist traditions of Theravada and Mahayana , she settles into a discussion of her own Zen practice.Editor Amanda Millay Hughes , an Episcopalian , emphasizes the confessional nature of Christianity , and opens her essay with a statement and brief exposition of the Nicene Creed . She nicely articulates an orthodox account of such doctrines as the Trinity and Incarnation , and , importantly given this interfaith context , the ontological transcendence of God -LRB- `` God is fundamentally other than any created thing or being , '' p. 75 -RRB- . She affirms the universality of sin and the need for forgiveness , but says little to nothing about the Atonement itself . She does , however , offer the exclusivist claim that `` Christians believe that all human life needs the redemptive action of God in Christ Jesus '' -LRB- p. 79 -RRB- . This does not sit well with the pluralist motivation behind this project , as one of her collaborators points out in the Q&A ; section . Rambachan asks , `` How do you relate -LSB- this claim -RSB- with the reality of different religions ? '' -LRB- p. 88 -RRB- . Her reply is evasive . She notes that exclusivist thinking engenders `` dark judgments about other religions '' and confesses , `` it is hard to give a definitive answer to your question '' -LRB- p. 88 -RRB- . The non-definitive answer that follows urges the need for love and the universal `` desire to live in harmony , '' and concludes with an appeal to `` mystery . '' I 'll return to her dilemma momentarily.Amy Nelson , a self-described `` white , educated , American-born '' convert to Islam , explains the basic tenets of her faith . Allah has no cohorts , and `` there is no god but Allah '' is the cornerstone of Muslim faith . She explains the exalted view that Muslims take of Mohammed and of the Q'uran . And we learn something of the five pillars of Islam
 I am disappointed in the actual code commentary , it does NOT do a good job of explaining the code . Most of the time the commentary does nothing more than tell you what a function does - and it is obvious from the name anyway . Apache has a lot of standard programming conventions and internal libraries . I think those should have been covered first and in depth . It would make the Apache source code much more understandable . I read through the first chapter or so of Linux Core Commentary and it seems much more well written .
 This book should be retitled `` Writing a book for dummies '' . It concentrates WAY too much on creating a story and writer 's block . If you already know how to write a decent story you 're not going to like this book . It does n't get in2 screenwriting until Chapter 15 , and there are only TWO pages of screenwriting format . I was expecting at least a chapter of format , considering the title . False advertising . I 'd look into other books .
 First , I would like to make clear , or to put it more aptly , this book was written by an academic and not someone who is in the actual business . In other words , lots of theory but nothing practical to back it up . If I 'm not mistaken , the author has never , ever actually written a screenplay and have it produced.Those are strikes one and two against this book . Strike three is that , yes there is some valuable information contained between the covers but it 's SO disjointed , you have to constantly go back and forth throughout it in order to try to make any sense out it . My advice ? Buy something written by people who ARE in the movie business and NOT from the `` Joe College '' types who live off of tenure so they really do n't have to prove anything to anyone . It 's one thing to talk about writing and quite another to sell something for a six figure amount to a production company .
 A disjointed reference book made by an educated person . Lots of general advice that has no flow . 30/60/30 . blah blah .
 I read this book back in 2003 and wrote a screenplay . I was going through my old belongings and throwing away certain books and this book came up . I threw the book away and wanted to write this review.The biggest problem for me , as a reader who was relying on this book to inform me , was that the book never recommended a length -LRB- one of its many problems -RRB- . I ended up writing a drama that was 220 pages long . If you know anything about a draft screenplay , they are to be 90 to 110 pages long -LRB- and then once accepted , the director adds insights bringing to length to 200 pages + -RRB- . The screenwriters length pre-publication is at most 120 pages . I read this book -LRB- back in 2003 -RRB- and the book never discussed length at all . It would have been helpful , because my screenplay was never taken seriously due primarily to length . If I even want this screenplay considered in the future , I need to cut it in half , which is impossible at this point . I have decided , if anything , I will adapt it into a novel.The moral of the story is this . Do not believe this book will prepare you for Hollywood or the business in general . It will not . Had the author of this book had any direct insights into Hollywood -LRB- or the business at large -RRB- then she would have inserted a section on common sense material -LRB- length , what producers are looking for ... and the like -RRB- . I can not tell you how many producers turned me down and then rebuked me for even trying to produce such a `` monster '' script . The fact the author did n't know this about the industry , is telling enough to leave this book well enough alone.I bought this book in 2003 , perhaps the author has listened to criticism and has included a `` common sense section . '' If she has , good for her . Nevertheless , this book probably hurt me more than it helped me . In my opinion books like this can not be corrected through a simple edit , they need a seasoned writer . Someone who is knowledgeable regarding the field .
 A friend of mine bought this book and should n't have . Laura Schellhardt is n't a seasoned pro at screenwriting , she is a TEACHER . Not a good one at that.Yes , the book is informative , but it does n't say anything different that any other book does , other than the Screenwriter 's Bible by David Trottier . Trottier is a professional writer with numerous credits under his belt . So my advice is to `` Schell '' out an extra dollar so you can buy the Screenwriter 's Bible and just leave Screenwriting for Dummies alone .
 That is why we , as a planet , are in danger . The utter stupidity that people get away with these days ! Anyone who buys into these so-called statistics is simply blind and in their head too much . Open your eyes and look around . Pollution and over population , and the scarcity of resources is n't an abstract statistical thing if you open your eyes . Walk outside in any city - it 's harder to breath than it was when I was a kid , a mere couple of decades ago , for one example . The fact that every damn idiotic couple has way too many kids , a lot more than just replacing their own two selves , makes it an obvious fact that the world will run out of space and resources for us . Having 6 kids is down right irresponsible and stupid.But the world will take care of this problem for us if we do n't become intelligent about it . When the pressures become too great , the planet will simply create a `` black plague '' or some such thing to bring our population down.Anyway , these are just a few thoughts . The bottom line is that over population , pollution , and the destruction of our enviornment is OBVIOUS to any one willing to get their heads out from where the sun do n't shine !
 Here is an important report -LRB- from the NY Times -RRB- on the Danish Research Agency 's rebuke of Lomborg 's work : Environment and Science
 check out this books editorial review . Particularly the `` Product Description '' ! The `` Lomborg Deception '' out in March 2010The Lomborg Deception
 It 's surprising that people are still being hoodwinked by this book . The arguments made in `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' have been thoroughly debunked , most prominently in a series of articles in Scientific American . The deceptions used by Lomborg in arriving at his conclusions include selecting only the data that support his preferred interpretation and evaluation against meaningless benchmarks . Lomborg is a statistician by profession , not a scientist , so he might be excused for lacking the background necessary to understand the meaning of the fragmentary data that he reviews in this book . However , some of the deceptions that he practices appear very much to be conscious.An example of the misleading approach taken in the book is his treatment of the topic of pesticides . Pesticide application causes acute poisoning of field workers in the U.S. and globally due to poor adherence to safety standards . Pesticides also cause unintended damage to natural systems -LRB- including the economically signficant products of ecosystems such as fish stocks -RRB- . And the chronic toxicology of pesticides in human populations is very poorly understood . However , Lomborg evaluates the regulation of pesticide use and the momentum towards adopting farming methods less reliant on pesticides against only one threat
 Being a Dane , I have followed the career of Bjrn Lomborg since his first newspaper articles in January 1998 . When `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' was published in 2001 , I helped the Danish Ecological Council scrutinizing the contents of the book . We found that it is full of errors , many of which are deliberate . Because of this , I lodged a complaint to the Danish Committees on Scientific Dishonesty , which ruled Lomborg `` objectively dishonest '' . In January 2004 , I established the web site www.lomborg-errors.dk , where I review the events behind the book , and where I list errors and flaws , ordered by chapters and pages . Right now -LRB- 6th March 2004 -RRB- I have listed 226 flaws and errors , of which about 70 are clearly deliberate . Lomborg 's text is written in a very seductive way , so that you will not detect the flaws unless they are pointed out to you . So , one should not read the book without also consulting critiques . The most extensive list of error corrections up to now is the web site referred to above .
 Although i found this book to be exceedingly well written , reading smoothly and drawing you in , it soon became clear how little of a scientist Lomborg was . on the surface his points seem convincing and valid , but , as somebody with a background in environmental science , it only took a moments thoughts to fill his propositions with holes . his overriding theme seems to be that increased wealth will be the answer to all of the questionable -LRB- in his mind -RRB- current environmental concerns . i 'm still a little confused about how having more money will be able to raise up the Pacific islands when the sea level rises two inches in the next few decades -LRB- as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has predicted it will -RRB- and other like claims . my primary responce to this book was fear , fear that , as one of the few readible and straightforward books out there on environmental concerns , people who have only a passing interest in such issues will be sucked in by his smooth words despite the questionable , and at times unequivicably false -LRB- ` global warming will make the world greener and thus aid in abatting world huner ' was a favorite of mine ... -RRB- nature of his claims . i sincerely hope that some of the numerous scientists out there in the field of the environment will be able to conteract these dangerous lies soon with a similar book told from a more factual background .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Does this book merit such positive attention ? Does Lomborg provide new insights ? Are his claims supported by the data ? A healthy skepticism towards the claims of others is , after all , one of the hallmarks of good science . And , at first glance , Lomborg 's book appears to be an objective and rigorous scientific analysis . It is published by a leading academic press , and contains an extensive bibliography and nearly 3,000 footnotes.To answer these questions , UCS invited several of the world 's leading experts on water resources , biodiversity , and climate change to carefully review the sections in Lomborg 's book that address their areas of expertise . We asked them to evaluate whether Lomborg 's skepticism is coupled with the other hallmarks of good science - namely , objectivity , understanding of the underlying concepts , appropriate statistical methods and careful peer review . Reviewing Lomborg 's claims are Dr. Peter Gleick , an internationally recognized expert on the state of freshwater resources ; Dr. Jerry Mahlman , one of the most highly regarded atmospheric scientists and climate modelers ; and top biologists and biodiversity experts Dr. 's Edward O. Wilson , Thomas Lovejoy , Norman Myers , Jeffrey Harvey and Stuart Pimm.These separately written expert reviews unequivocally demonstrate that on closer inspection , Lomborg 's book is seriously flawed and fails to meet basic standards of credible scientific analysis . The authors note how Lomborg consistently misuses , misrepresents or misinterprets data to greatly underestimate rates of species extinction , ignore evidence that billions of people lack access to clean water and sanitation , and minimize the extent and impacts of global warming due to the burning of fossil fuels and other human-caused emissions of heat-trapping gases . Time and again , these experts find that Lomborg 's assertions and analyses are marred by flawed logic , inappropriate use of statistics and hidden value judgments . He uncritically and selectively cites literature -- often not peer-reviewed -- that supports his assertions , while ignoring or misinterpreting scientific evidence that does not . His consistently flawed use of scientific data is , in Peter Gleick 's words `` unexpected and disturbing in a statistician '' . These reviews show that The Skeptical Environmentalist fits squarely in a tradition of contrarian works on the environment that may gain temporary prominence but ultimately fail to stand up to scientific scrutiny . Others , such as Julian Simon and Gregg Easterbrook , have come before him , and others no doubt will follow . Correcting the misperceptions these works foster is an essential task , for , as noted above , groups with anti-environmental agendas use these works to promote their objectives . It is also an unfortunate , time-consuming distraction , for it pulls talented scientists away from the pressing research needed to help us understand the environmental challenges we face and their prospective solutions.Winston Churchill once said , `` A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on '' , reminding usof the parable of the Tortoise and the Hare . Like the Hare , Lomborg 's lie has raced out in front of the truth.With the help of these careful scientific peer reviews , UCS hopes that the truth , like the Tortoise , will catch up and emerge the ultimate victor.Editor 's note
 Lots of 5 star reviews here ... he deserves credits for his extensive use of sources.He deserves 0 out of 5 stars for taking these issues completely out of context and citing only the statistics that support what he wants to say . His arguments are disgustingly limited . Any college undergrad having taken a research methods class can see how bogus this book is . He has also been cited as legitimately lying about a number of his statistics . Google it . It 's in the news.Cambridge University Press should be ashamed ; they have published a book full of blatant lies.I regret that a lot of people will like this book -LRB- hence all the 5 stars -RRB- because they do n't want to believe in the ACTUAL reality of our ecological condition . I will edit this review to include links when I have time.If you think this book is a good representation of the state of our ecological conditions , you 'd be as accurate in that assessment as if you claimed that 98 % of teens are abstinent.Here 's what the DCSD ruled : The DCSD cited The Skeptical Environmentalist for :1 . Fabrication of data ; 2 . Selective discarding of unwanted results -LRB- selective citation -RRB- ; 3 . Deliberately misleading use of statistical methods ; 4 . Distorted interpretation of conclusions ; 5 . Plagiarism ; 6 . Deliberate misinterpretation of others ' results.And FYI to all the mongoloids out there ... this book was written by a Danish author . So you ca n't write off the DCSD .
 Environment and Science
 This was very disappointing . It would have been very useful to see acoherent review of data , without adherence to political ideology -- which is what this book bills itself as , but fails to be . Lomborg hascarefully cherrypicked the sources of his information , generallyignoring actual peer-reviewed research data in favor of repackagedmedia clips , in order to give a uniformly rosy view of the world . Hepresents things as clear-cut and simplistic that are uniformly morecomplex -LRB- for instance , confusing issues between coal and oil reservesthat * exist * , and those that are * recoverable * ; and in his chapter onpopulation , calculating population per total landmass rather thanpopulation per * usable * landmass -- his calculations look much better , but are not realistic when viewed against the fact that the SaharaDesert , the Antarctic , and similar regions are in the main notconducive to supporting a human population -RRB- . And throughout the bookhe conveniently ignores data that contradicts what he has chosen toquote , something that peer-reviewed scientists are not allowed to getaway with.And that brings us to the further level of deceptioninvolved in this book -- it is , indeed , `` peer-reviewed '' , but thosepeers were chosen from the fields of the social sciences , primarilypsychology . This was not reviewed by a single environmental , biological , climate or even agricultural scientist before publication -- quite possibly because they would have made him go back and rewritethe thing .
 Lomborg 's book and following events have managed to paint , in the eyes of the most nave , the image of an environmentalist community that lobbies their biased theories for a mixture of fanatism , research funding , and plain stupidity . The events in which the Danish Council for Scientific Dishonesty first found Lomborg guilty and then had to acquit him after political pressures from the government -LRB- that later supported Lomborg , might be mentioned -RRB- helped to paint the image of a modern-day Galileo.However , facts point in another direction . First , Lomborg 's qualifications are irrelevant to his book 's subject
 I am amazed at how much attention this book has received when much of the information presented here has already been discussed before in various settings . Greg Easterbrook 's 800-page book `` A Moment on the Earth '' and the late Julian Simon 's `` The Ultimate Resource '' among others . The Cornucopian and celebratory view presented here and the equally self-righteous criticism by some environemntalists is disturbing . There needs to be a more reasoned way to approach this topic and alas both sides are too polarized to do justice to the issues at hand.The biggest problem with Lomborg is his equivocation under the pretense of objectivity . While environmentalists may be accused of the same , they tend to predicate their perspectives on morally premised relativism and are thus more humble about the human perception of nature . Like good insurance evaluators , we should rather err on the side of humility and caution in the face of vastly complex environmental phenomenon rather than be skeptical and dismissive about risks that we do n't fully comprehend .
 I had to critique a chapter of this book for a class for a module in a postgraduate GeoSciences course at Edinburgh University , Scotland . I chose the chapter on forests . It was not a difficult assignment . It was riddled with inaccuracies , exaggerations , avoidance of key issues , and , I am sad to say , plain lies . Lomborg uses data which is clearly not supposed to be used for the purpose he uses , mis-quotes people , aggregates data sets which are n't meant to go together , all to enable him to present the image he wants to portray . Personally , I can only comment on the chapter on forests , but after talking to my fellow classmates , it is clear he has done the same for the other chapters we were asked to critique . I can only assume he wants create a media frenzy which will push his book sales.Please email me if you want to read my essay critique of the chapter on forests.Thanks , Joseph Gair
 First the good news :1 . The book 's stated aims are laudable .2 . Many of the points in the book are sound .3 . It -LRB- usually -RRB- uses a better approach than just emotional gut feeling -LRB- `` how arrogant are we to believe ... '' -RRB- Now the bad news :1 . It 's a polemic.There 's plenty of documentation out there about just how wrong it goes -LRB- e.g. the Jan 2002 issue of Scientific American -RRB- , but I 'll add a few thoughts : Lomborg shows no qualms about reversing his position wherever it suits . For example , he argues that acid rain was never a big problem and limiting sulphur dioxide output was a knee-jerk reaction . Then , in discussing air pollution he boasts about how much sulphur dioxide levels have dropped . What is wrong with this picture?Lomborg repeatedly argues that we ca n't help the environment without giving up schools or hospitals , as if spending less on agricultural subsidies or nuclear arms or even roads is n't an option . He dismisses transferring taxation from wealth creation to pollution for many dubious reasons including `` limiting the joy of driving '' -- as if that belonged in a supposedly objective book on the environment . He argues that cars are getting lighter ; do n't they have SUVs in Denmark?Lomborg also seems to have a skewed view of how much effort has been needed to get this far in cleaning up . In his world , and contrary to counter-examples such as Saudi Arabia , countries get to a certain level of wealth and then just clean up ; scientific discoveries , public opinion , the democratic process and legislation do n't come into it . The post-hoc fallacy should not be made by a self-proclaimed skeptic.Particularly painful to read is his version of the history of the Montreal Protocol , where every country instantly united in banning CFCs and moved on . What * really * happened was a longer process involving political and industrial interests attempting to discredit the science and the scientists -LRB- which still goes on -RRB- , followed later by attempts to claim that reducing CFCs would be more expensive than living with the consequences of reduced ozone . There 's an obvious parallel with what Lomborg argues with carbon dioxide limits
 Bjorn Lomborg is n't even a trained ecologist or envirnmental scientist - BJORN LOMBORG IS A POLITICAL `` SCIENTIST '' . Seriously - Ph.D Political Science , University of Copenhagen , 1994 . This book is a fine piece of work for those pro-pollution , foul-our-own-pot parties to point at when they tell voters that global change does n't really happen and is n't happening . Having read it for a graduate-level global change course , along with several other texts , it was astounding the way Lomborg carefully chose which studies to use as examples and how he twisted the consensus of science by focusing on the margins to fit his agenda . Do n't believe me ? Ask the numerous international agencies and groups of scientists that have discounted the claims in this book . I also believe he was removed from his job because of the backlash . This book is an example of ecology 's version of the anti-evolution campaign . You stand up a few so-called experts -LRB- usually people who real , working , publishing scientists have never heard of ; often from fields outside the subject -RRB- , and point out some negative results -LRB- which happens in science - its how science works -RRB- that fit your desired conclusion and call it a cover-up , an atrocity of science , a failure to humanity that such studies -LRB- the 0.001 % of the 99.999 % -RRB- are not considered the consensus . Heck , statistically speaking we should get negative results 5 % of the time , simply by chance - even if the results were really positive . Now , if that is something you want to read as the `` truth '' about the environment , this is a PRIME example and I highly recommend it . It will at least open your eyes to how selective truths can be worse that flat lies . I think I am qualified in my opinion - I have been a professional ecologist for over 10 years . This BOOK is an atrocity .
 You know it 's funny how many people can praise something when it helps them sleep better at night ... even though in their heart they know their doing something wrong . What this book wo n't do is help your children sleep better seven generations from now . Money got this book published , not peer review . I 'm a biology major and I personally talked with more than one professor about the inaccuracies of this book due to the unreliable , old and unobjectible sources used . Remember , this author is not an authority on science ! Just because he uses over 2,000 sources does n't mean their all true or not outdated . If you could read between the lines , you would see that he had a hidden agenda and used slanted tactics of a statistician to get HIS viewpoint across . So all the fatcats could feel good about themselves and we can keep on polluting OUR home . One day we will realize that we are only polluting ourselves . May the eternal spirit grow within all of us . Mother nature , our fellow man , unity and a bright -LRB- clean , healthy -RRB- future is what is important . Bjorn could care less that though as he rolls in the piles of cash this book has made him . Remember , everything you read is not always true or what it seems.I recommend reading State of the World , where the author is The Worldwatch Institute , a Washington , DC-based nonprofit research and publishing organization dedicated to `` fostering the evolution of an environmentally sustainable society . '' Another book is When Smoke Ran Like Water
 When you read this book , be sure and check his sources . Remember what you have learned in school about argument from improper authourity . Most of Mr. Lomborg 's sources are not from accepted scientific sources but are mostly ancedotal stories in non scientific articles , etc. . Then he accepts and rejects the same sources as needed to support his arguement . Many of the supporting reviews of this book have accepted what the author has said at face value . All I ask is for everyone who reads this book to make sure what you see is what you get .
 In 2001 , Danish author Bjorn Lomborg rocketed into the spotlight with the publication of `` The Skeptical Environmentalist , '' which claimed to debunk virtually all environmental concerns , from global warming to species extinction , and sought to assure the public that there was nothing much to worry about , ecologically speaking . Now , a division of the Danish Research Agency has condemned Lomborg for `` scientific dishonesty , '' deeming the book `` clearly contrary to the standards of good scientific practice '' and systematically one-sided . The Danish Committee on Scientific Dishonesty conducted a six-month review ofthe book after several scientists filed complaints ; despite thedamning conclusions it reached , the group stopped short of finding Lomborg guilty of gross negligence or deliberate attempts to mislead readers . Lomborg rejected the committee 's findings and said it could get him fired from his new post as director of the Danish Institute for Environmental Assessment , but government officials said his job was not in danger .
 This is a thick book dense with various statistics covering many issues in a contentious way . How can a person decide whether it is worth the effort ? Read reviews and you will get conflicting opinions . My method then was to sample the material by opening the book at random and evaluating the quality of what turned up.What I came across was a discussion of the garbage problem . The preoccupation of the author was to prove that we should n't worry about garbage , because in fact there is enough physical space on the planet to hold what we produce . He goes through various statistics and simple calculations to arrive at the conclusion that , for example , every US state could solve its garbage problem for the next century at least , by merely putting aside a square landfill site 2.5 miles long on each side , and 100 feet high . Or , the problem could be solved nationally for that time period by making a single landfill 14-18 miles long on each side , and 100 feet high . The conclusion then is , do n't worry , for what the author considers to be a very long time to come -LRB- i.e. , past his own lifetime , and that of his children , if he has any -RRB- , we will not run out of physical space to put our garbage.Since the title of the book is `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' , I presume the author does consider himself an environmentalist after all . Why then does he waste trees and the reader 's time on an entirely pointless argument ? No need for any calculations , maps , or graphs
 Here is the real Litany that Lomborg endorses , the sacred Litany that most of us in the privileged world live by :1 . Humans are the only beings that really matter on this earth .2 . Western civilization is the model for the rest of the world ; after all , we are the pinnacle of evolution .3 . Resources are infinite and economic growth is infinite .4 . Technology will save us.Lomborg is blinded by the same cultural ideology that got us in this mess in the first place . The Skeptical Environmentalist is the same old rhetoric -LRB- Litany -RRB- cloaked in scholarship and statistics . He wants us to believe The System would work just fine if the pesky Chicken Little environmentalists would just stop frightening people with their lies and exaggerations.Don ' t waste your money unless you want to hear a Litany of cop outs that are made to justify our destructive behavior .
 Potential readers should be aware that , according to a recent New York Times article , the Danish Committees on Scientific Dishonesty issued a report calling Lomborg 's book an example of `` systematic one-sidedness '' and that `` the publication of the work under consideration is deemed to fall within the concept of scientific dishonesty , '' as defined by Danish rules for scientific integrity . Based on his book , he got a job analyzing economic impacts of environmental regulations in Denmark . A classic example of the fox guarding the henhouse .
 The book is badly flawed.It is selective , ignoring , for example , undeniable coral reef degradation , which is caused by a mix of human -LRB- e.g. , pollution run off , dynamite and cyanide fishing , anchor damage -RRB- and natural -LRB- e.g. , El Nino -RRB- causes.It contains self-contradictions , perhaps due to different students doing the research for different chapters -LRB- e.g. , page 96 `` The population is growing more and more slowly '' whereas page 46 -LSB- Fig. 11 -RSB- shows population growth on the steepest part of the population versus date curve ... I wish I could rate it zero stars .
 Bjorn Lomborg has an education in statistics and is the head of the environmental agency in Denmark as we speak . He was elected to fill that position as the far right prime minister Anders Fogh Andersen was elected . He represents a very conservative philosophy concerning the future of the environment and one should be very cautious when reading that he is representing the environment at all . The book is a classic example of how and why people believe what they read . If it makes people feel better to believe that they can drive as many cars that suit their needs and not concern themselves with the water pollution that kills so many precious lives , then who can argue that . Their decision was made far before reading this book .
 The second star is for the negative impact this book has had on the whole issue of environment and conservation . It is widely applauded in many conservative camps including the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal who are always looking for a leftist enviro-conspiracy , and permission to ignore scientists ' warnings on global warming , deforestation , and endangered species to overpopulation . What lomborg proceeds to do is mathematically manipulate the facts to make them all magically disappear . Call David Blaine for this illusion is in his realm , not science.A statistician and a professor of political science Lomborg is n't even qualified to have an educated opinion about the subject matter he tackles . I have had this argument with many of the untrained before . `` We have more trees today than 100 years ago , '' is a typical entry of this argument , a classic out of context blanket fact . Maybe we do , somewhere , but in what form ? A lot of small tree farm-like sticks that make good kindling and increase forest fire risk . Lack of diverse old growth forests is the problem scientists are concerned with , but Lomborg does n't even address this . Why ? Because he does n't know enough to . To him and like-kind , a tree is a tree and a farm raised fish is as good as a wild fish . Why bother discussing genetics ? Lomborg does n't . As a scientist I could go on and on , it 's not necessary . The worst part is that this book could set us back 100 years because it does what science can not
 This book is nothing new and even Lomborg himself admits that he has no new insight to offer . Why the fuss about the book then ? Basically the anti-science coalition found a sexy new way to sell the same misinformation
 Most leading scientists in the fields analyzed by Lomborg think this book is seriously flawed . Libertarians and other anti-environmentalists love it . Lomborg 's goal of `` a neutral , impartial assessment of the facts '' is impossible at the outset because he has thrown his lot in with Julian Simon and others who see no environmental problems , only Blue Skies for Unlimited Growth and Profits.I sought out the book as soon as it was published , because the premise is a good one . I have read Lomborg , I have read the scathing critiques in Scientific American and on the World Wildlife Fund website , and I have read Lomborg 's response to his critics on his own website . I give Lomborg credit for being tenacious and narrowly logical -- one star . He scores points in the `` debate '' on some particulars , and he is not cowed by the claims to authority of leading scientists in many fields -- another star . Check the book out of the library and read it yourself , alongside other sources of information -- it 's a good exercise in critical thinking.In the end , though , I am convinced that Lomborg is missing the forest for the trees . He has provided ammunition to those who think the environmental movement is some sort of conspiracy against Mom , Apple Pie , and the Free Market . -LRB- I 've never seen a logical explanation proposed for why anyone would want to be a `` doomsayer '' if they did n't believe the warnings were true ... -RRB- The reason the environment has been cleaned up to the extent it has over the past 30 years or so is because of the environmental movement and the environmental regulations the movement has fought for , not because of benevolent corporations . Lomborg 's one-sided `` expose '' can have only one consequence -- to aid and abet those who want to roll back our successful environmental efforts , unleash unlimited greed , and the environment be damned.If Lomborg is really neutral and impartial , then he has already started on his next massive book , THE SKEPTICAL ECONOMIST , which will debunk the fallacious use of supply and demand curves to explain everything of value in the world . If Lomborg is n't going to write it , then someone else should .
 Lomborg 's book ought to be retitled , `` Ideology Trumps Science . `` Obviously Bjorn learned early there 's more money to be made writing to support corporate and right-wing interests than in doing & publishing good science.Not wanting to waste anymore time on this nonsense , I 'll share two quotes from a Washington Post article by Eric Pianin . `` Members of the Danish Research Agency -- Denmark 's equivalent of the National Academy of Sciences -- said Lomborg had `` clearly acted at variance with good scientific practice '' in light of his `` one-sidedness in the choice of data and line of argument . '' The panel , responsible for investigating allegations of scientific dishonesty , said Lomborg lacked `` any special scientific expertise '' in dealing with `` the extraordinarily wide-ranging scientific topics '' in his book . '' `` Eleven distinguished scientists , including Thomas Eisner of Cornell University and Edward O. Wilson of Harvard , said in a letter to the publisher in July that `` we rarely see this type of careless and manipulative scholarship in the undergraduates we teach . '' `` The book earns one star from me because the ink did n't rub off on my fingers and the pages did n't fall out .
 Although the idea of skepticism is a good one , and needed in any highly politicized area . Lomborg does skepticism a disservice by having so little regard for solid research , for recent research , and for accuracy.For an excellent point by point review of just how Lomborg oversimplifies to the point of inaccuracy , take a look at the review on the Scientific American website
 Earlier this year , Lomborg was discredited by his academic peers for his selective and incomplete science . He is a statistician , not a scientist , and certainly not an environmental scientist . Read this book only as an example of how clever statistical methods can be used to create a profitable product for a niche market .
 This book is bullpuckey . Lomborg supported this book with shoddy statistics . This book has thoroughly discredited by a panel of specialist scientists . Some of these statements have been published in magazines such as Scientific American . He uses out of date statistics , irrelevant statistics , doublespeak , biased statistics and scelectively unrepresentative statistics to support his claims .
 This book has been highly influential . It does not question the fundamental behind climate change . Interestingly tho , it advocates that we leave climate change alone given the huge cost of solving the problem . Bjorn recommends that efforts are instead focused on aid to places like Africa . He rightly claims that these issues can be dealt with less money . This does however ignore the fact that climate change will damage Africa by providing it with additional drought , heat and extreme weather conditions . A recent UK commons select committee report for example -LRB- HM Government , 2005 -RRB- www.parliament.uk/parliamentary_committees/environmental_audit_committee.cfm.suggests that our Africa efforts will be made obsolete by the effects of climate change . Bjion points out that Kyoto does not do enough to avoid climate change . I agree with this finding but believe that the recommendation should be to take a tougher line . To avoid the problem would be the wrong solution .
 Wow ... I just finished reading this ridiculously fallacious work and then the particulary satisfying Scientific American response to it -LRB- in which the world 's top experts rip Lomborg to shreds -RRB- . It 's both depressing and amusing to read how the some of the reviewers here are clicking their heals in delight at the deception as if they now have the absolution they 've prayed for in order to keep on popping out 6 kids , tossing their mountains of waste into rivers and landfills , stuffing their faces with Big Macs , speeding along in their Ford Expeditions in order to get back to their housing developments in time to catch ` Paradise Hotel ' on Fox.I 'd love to take some of these moronic Amazon reviewers on a little trip away from their gluttonous lives in the American suburbs and visit some of the dead and dying places I have visited -LRB- Haiti , the Phillipines , the reefs of the Florida keys , the North Atlantic fisheries -RRB- - where people and ecosystems suffer more in a day than these idiots have or will in their entire lives . I would love to show them first hand how bad things really are -LRB- and I assure you , they 're getting worse -RRB- . The world we live in has become tragically impoverished - mainly due to our own avarice ... if you do n't recognize that , you 're a simpleton . If you read Lomborg 's horror of a book and ignore the experts who have emasculated him ; if you live your life in a wasteful manner , without comprehension of how it affects other lands or future generations ; if you refuse to change your lifestyle in order to save the living creatures with which we share this planet and ON WHOM we depend for survival ; then you join the ranks of the author himself - a disgrace to humanity and a huge waste of time .
 All I can say is
 Lomborg has no basis for the arguments he presents . Do not let the title of his work trick you - this analysis of the environment is actually false and puts pollution and the degrading state of our planet on the back burner to technology and economical interests . The `` facts '' that he uses are based on sketchy research done by scientists `` sponsored '' -LRB- ie
 I have a hard time believing that anyone looking at the hard facts facing environmental issues today could write a book like this . The conclusions that Bjorn draws seem to indicate that his research was funded by corporations with vested interest in maintaining the status quo -- the perilous path where short-term profiteering and exploitation outweigh the long-term risks.Extremely disappointing . There are many other books out there that paint a more accurate , realistic picture of our true situation and give thoughts on how to re-stabilize our co-existence with our planet .
 Lomborg 's book may appear to consist of logical arguments , and therefore appeals to many , but closer examination reveals this not to be the case.I would urge other readers of the book to treat Lomborg 's work with the same view to skepticism as Lomborg himself ...
 anyone interested in reading this book , or better yet , anyone who has read this book , should read the ongoing review that Scientific American magazine has done on it . ... BR > In its January 2002 issue , Scientific American gave some real experts on the environment 11 pages to critique Lomborg 's work , and their accusations are startling . From taking quotations out of context , to citing outdated sources , to only presenting one side of a hotly debated issue , `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' leaves readers with good reason to remain skeptical . Might be of use to math and social science teachers as an interesting case study in the ways professional-looking statistics can be used to mislead the public .
 Please note that I have copied this review from the Union of Concerned Scientists website . I have posted this review because I am not a climate scientist and do not have the time or expertise to critically analyze its contents . Since this book is frequently cited by climate change deniers and skeptics , I felt that it was important for people to see a review written by people who actually work in the field of climate science and who had the time to analyze the book.UCS Examines ` The Skeptical Environmentalist ` BackgroundA book by Bjrn Lomborg , a political scientist and professor of statistics at the University of Aarhus in Denmark , has created quite a stir since its 2001 release . Lomborg accuses scientists and environmental organizations of making false and exaggerated claims about the world 's environmental problems . He concludes that population growth is not a problem , that there is plenty of freshwater around , that deforestation rates and species extinctions are grossly exaggerated , that the pollution battle has been won , and that global warming is too expensive to fix . A self-proclaimed environmentalist and skeptic , he claims that his reanalysis of environmental data measures `` the real state of the world . `` The heavily promoted book , published by Cambridge University Press , has received significant attention from the media and praise from commentators writing in The Economist , The New York Times , and Washington Post . For example , the Post 's reviewer -LRB- a philosophy professor from New Zealand -RRB- concluded that it was `` a magnificent achievement , '' and `` the most significant work on the environment since the appearance of its polar opposite , Rachel Carson 's Silent Spring , in 1962 . '' Meanwhile , groups with a vested interest in maintaining the status quo are using the book to promote their `` no need to take action to address global environmental problems '' agenda . For example , the `` Cooler Heads Coalition '' -- formed by the Competitive Enterprise Institute and others to `` dispel the myths of global warming '' -- featured Lomborg in a Capitol Hill briefing on global warming.Does this book merit such positive attention ? Does Lomborg provide new insights ? Are his claims supported by the data ? A healthy skepticism towards the claims of others is , after all , one of the hallmarks of good science . And , at first glance , Lomborg 's book appears to be an objective and rigorous scientific analysis . It is published by a leading academic press , and contains an extensive bibliography and nearly 3,000 footnotes.To answer these questions , UCS invited several of the world 's leading experts on water resources , biodiversity , and climate change to carefully review the sections in Lomborg 's book that address their areas of expertise . We asked them to evaluate whether Lomborg 's skepticism is coupled with the other hallmarks of good science - namely , objectivity , understanding of the underlying concepts , appropriate statistical methods and careful peer review . Reviewing Lomborg 's claims are Dr. Peter Gleick , an internationally recognized expert on the state of freshwater resources ; Dr. Jerry Mahlman , one of the most highly regarded atmospheric scientists and climate modelers ; and top biologists and biodiversity experts Dr. 's Edward O. Wilson , Thomas Lovejoy , Norman Myers , Jeffrey Harvey and Stuart Pimm.These separately written expert reviews unequivocally demonstrate that on closer inspection , Lomborg 's book is seriously flawed and fails to meet basic standards of credible scientific analysis . The authors note how Lomborg consistently misuses , misrepresents or misinterprets data to greatly underestimate rates of species extinction , ignore evidence that billions of people lack access to clean water and sanitation , and minimize the extent and impacts of global warming due to the burning of fossil fuels and other human-caused emissions of heat-trapping gases . Time and again , these experts find that Lomborg 's assertions and analyses are marred by flawed logic , inappropriate use of statistics and hidden value judgments . He uncritically and selectively cites literature -- often not peer-reviewed -- that supports his assertions , while ignoring or misinterpreting scientific evidence that does not . His consistently flawed use of scientific data is , in Peter Gleick 's words `` unexpected and disturbing in a statistician '' . These reviews show that The Skeptical Environmentalist fits squarely in a tradition of contrarian works on the environment that may gain temporary prominence but ultimately fail to stand up to scientific scrutiny . Others , such as Julian Simon and Gregg Easterbrook , have come before him , and others no doubt will follow . Correcting the misperceptions these works foster is an essential task , for , as noted above , groups with anti-environmental agendas use these works to promote their objectives . It is also an unfortunate , time-consuming distraction , for it pulls talented scientists away from the pressing research needed to help us understand the environmental challenges we face and their prospective solutions.Winston Churchill once said , `` A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on '' , reminding usof the parable of the Tortoise and the Hare . Like the Hare , Lomborg 's lie has raced out in front of the truth . With the help of these careful scientific peer reviews , UCS hopes that the truth , like the Tortoise , will catch up and emerge the ultimate victor.Editor 's note
 This book is an excellent , pseudo-sophisticated example of the kind of work Darrell Huff had in mind when he wrote the classic , How to Lie With Statistics . It is full of a rhetoric that can easily be mistaken for well-informed debunking of mainstream economic , ecological and scientific thought and research on environmental issues . It has been thoroughly and convincingly discredited in the two most prestigious peer-reviewed scientific journals in the world , Science , published in the U.S. , and Nature , published in Britain .
 Every few years , someone who 's not a scientist announces that the state of the Earth is improving and that the future looks so bright you got ta wear shades . The easiest way to convince a person of an untruth is to make the lie one they already want to believe is true . Throw in the conspiracy theory that scientists , politicians , and environmental organizations have something to gain by scaring the public and you 've got a bestseller!The scientific basis of this book is pure rubbish and scientists on both sides of the Atlantic have already trashed Lomborg 's book . Among the most informative are a collection of reviews in Scientific American -LRB- January 2002 -RRB- . I will not waste my time reiterating what others have already done so well.However , I will point out that Lomborg 's methods are those of a polemic rather than of someone that is honestly interested in `` Measuring the Real State of the World . '' The book fails to cite the reams of relevant literature that would paint a picture not in the spirit of his deceit , is full of misleading quotes taken out of context , and outright misrepresentation of fact . It brings to mind the tactics of the creationists . Therefore , you have to ask yourself who actually has more to gain by the environmental ` controversy ' ? On one hand you have thousands of environmental and biological scientists that on average spent six grueling years after their undergraduate education working like a slave for virtually no money , in order to obtain a Ph.D. and very specialized knowledge . After taking a series of temporary postdoc positions for low pay , if they are bright and highly motivated , they will land a job at a university . They generally sacrifice the greater monetary gains of other fields -LRB- like medicine -RRB- because they are fascinated by how our Planet , and the living things on it , work . Funding is extremely limited in this field of research and the money that the government and NGOs provide are for research purposes , not private use . In other words they receive no personal gain , they all wish the news was better , and they hate having to take time off from their research to deal with Bozos like Lomborg . Do you actually believe that if their were no environmental problems that there would be nothing to keep scientists occupied?On the other hand we have a statistician , with no expertise on environmental issues and only one -LRB- not very prestigious -RRB- publication in statistics . He is a junior faculty member not highly regarded by his peers . He writes a book for the lay person , that is basically just an expanded and updated version of similiar books written in the recent past . If that book takes a popular but controversial stand , it might sell millions . The author would be rich and famous . Such an author might have already been considered a failure by academics and therefore would have nothing to lose by writing a book with no intellectual merit . Such a book would also have the advantage of not having to go though that pesky peer-review process that may have kept some of his other biased and unsubstantiated ideas from seeing the light of day.Think about it .
 Just recently , the Danish Research Agency 's committee reviewed this book and concluded that the author was systematically dishonest , misstating facts and presenting half-truths . I do n't expect that that will change the minds of any of the people who read this ... since their interest is in their political agenda , not the truth of the situation . Nonetheless , it 's a good thing to know for you environmentalists out there next time some pencil-necked freeper mentions this piece of tripe .
 What is one to make of `` The Skeptical Environmentalist ? '' Is it true , as the author claims , that pretty much EVERYTHING is getting better in the world -LRB- although `` not necessarily good '' -RRB- , and that the whole environmental `` litany , '' as he calls it , is a bunch of marketing/fund-raising propaganda ? Is it true , as Lomborg claims , for instance , that -LRB- to take just a few -RRB-
 It 's no wonder why this book has gotten such media attention . The story of a bold loner who dares to defy the establishment makes for really great press.Unfortunately , Bjorn Lomborg 's `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' also makes for really poor science.Thus while Lomborg has mostly gotten rave reviews from newspapers and political commentary journals , the scientific community has exhaustively exposed his fallacies , omissions , misunderstandings , and misrepresentations . You can read scholarly refutations of Lomborg 's book in `` Science , '' `` Nature , '' and `` Scientific American , '' among others.I dare not try to cram a summary of all of Lomborg 's errors into 1,000 words . One random example
 Lomberg is a fraud , and the scientific community knows it . It is amazing how blind western society remains as our land is destroyed in the name of corporate profit . I am also amazed at how easily people are influenced by this one book . People must be so desperate to feel good about themselves as they drive their SUVs and they watch every acre of land developed , that they latch on to Lomborg as if he were a god , telling us mere mortals that everything is going to be OK . Why not research the points Lomborg makes with the worlds ' top scientific journals , before being so quick to jump on his bandwagon . If Lomborg wrote that smoking does not cause cancer , would you believe him ? Yet to the majority of the scientific community , Lomborg 's assertions are just as ignorant . Do n't believe me , why not e-mail a respected scientist and ask for his/her feedback . The truth may hurt , but until we are willing to accept responsibility for the environmental problems we are creating , change will be impossible .
 I read this book to see if it was as provocative as the reviews had said
 Lomborg is not an expert ... he is not even a scientist . His work is filled with errors and displays a general ignorance on ecological theories and processes . Readers would be better advised to turn to peer-reviewed journals -LRB- i.e. , Nature or Science -RRB- for their information , or an Environmental Science textbook for an overview.One thing of note - it is important to be critical of scientific information . Every good scientist is . But there is a difference between critical thinking and lack of understanding . Lomborg does not provide a critical review of scientific literature.Have we made great strides in improving the state of the world ? Of course . Without a doubt . But we have not won that war yet - we still have many more improvements to make . -- ER Lawrence , Ecologist
 Anyone who has ever taken an elememtary biology , ecology or environmental science would know that this book contains nothing useful between its covers . This book reminds me of the efforts of creationists trying to refute evolution against all odds , this is the last ditch effort of the conservative right to try and defend there environmental policies using bad science and sometimes outright lies . As a student of carnivore ecology i find this books attitude towards biodiversity very distrubing , turning your back to the world and telling yourself that everything is all right wont help anybody . To read some real good books look under E.O. Wilson , Alan Rabinowitz , Valmik Thapara , Dian Fossey .
 The author takes one side of complex issues that have decades worth of science -LRB- from global warming to extinction rates -RRB- and ` analyzes ' them via statistics . You know the old saying about lying with statistics ? Lomborg has done a fine job of that ! FYI , the Danish Research Advisory just condemed this book and its author for scientific dishonesty .
 Lomborg is not a natural scientist of any kind . His work , while feted by anti-environmentalist lobby groups , has been criticised by a number of leading journals - see , for example , the April 2002 Scientific American , available online - and is currently under investigation for academic misconduct . This book is worse than worthless .
 While I am all for a careful review of the science that is behind our environmental policies and standards , readers of Lomborg 's `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' should be aware that the Danish Committees on Scientific Dishonesty -LRB- DCSD -RRB- reviewed this book because of its dubious claim to scientific standards . Their discussions centered mainly on whether or not the book `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' could even be classified as science . A number of DCSD members stated that the book fails to meet even the most rudimentary requirements of basic scientific inquiry and that DCSD should not even handle the case . Other members thought that the term `` bad science '' should not be an obstacle to evaluating the complaint.In their assessment DCSD refereed to a Scientific American forum from the Jan 2002 issue which asked four leading experts to assess Lomborg 's treatment of global warming , energy , population and biodiversity . Lomborg was repeatedly cited for distorting statistics , misrepresentation , vagueness , illusory precision , and `` persistent conceptual confusions . `` In their final ruling DCSD concluded that `` On the basis of the material adduced by the complainants , DCSD deems it to have been adequately substantiated that the defendant , who has himself insisted on presenting his publication in scientific form ... based on customary scientific standards and in light of his systematic one-sidedness in the choice of data and line of argument , has clearly acted at variance with good scientific practice ... Objectively speaking , the publication of the work under consideration is deemed to fall within the concept of scientific dishonesty ... the publication is deemed clearly contrary to the standards of good scientific practice . `` In response to the DCSD ruling members of the Danish government have called for him to step down as Director of the Environmental Assessment Institute.Jeff Harvey , former editor of the scientific journal Nature commented on the ruling in an Associated Press interview that `` It is unfortunate that I and many others felt it necessary to take Lomborg and his book to task for the veritable deluge of inaccuracies it contains , but Lomborg has veered well across the line that divides controversial , if not competent , science from unrepentant incompetence ... Scientists must be held accountable for serious transgressions that are committed without responsibility , and this judgment goes at least some way to underlining Lomborg 's dishonesty . ''
 The Danish Committees on Scientific Dishonesty issued a decision that declared Lomborg 's research `` to fall within the concept of scientific dishonesty , '' and to be `` clearly contrary to the standards of good scientific practice.The man is statictian with an adgenda - to say that the enviroment is actually not as bad off as it is . The one good thing that came from this book are the debates that followed . Scientific American and Grist Magazine are both good sources of rebuttal.Read this book , but as with every book , read carefully .
 More than a few eminent scientists are up in arms over Cambridge University Press ' publication of this essentially non peer reviewed compilation of misrepresented facts and statistics . The only science Lomborg espouses is political -- fitting considering his expertise lies in social rather than environmental science .
 I will briefly comment on only one aspect of Bjorn 's book . It will serve as an example of the many problems of this book . In his work Lomberg claims that habitat loss has had no effect on birds , that is it has not caused extinctions . This is utterly irresponsible . Clearly , habitat loss lead to the loss of no less than four species of birds in North America alone . They are , the Carolina Parakeet , Passenger Pigeon , Ivory-billed Woodpecker and Dusky Seaside Sparrow . These extinctions offer a cautionary tale to those who would haphazardly slash and burn rain forests or even northern temperate forests . The important point made by our North American extinctions is that evolutionary specialization can mean disaster when the local environment is decimated . The kind of specialization exhibited by the species mentioned above is uncommon in temperate regions , however endemism and ecological specialization is extraordinarily high in the tropics . So thoughtless clearing of the kind engaged in here in North America would spell absolute disaster in the tropics . I am not saying that development and the conservation of biodiversity are incompatible , I hamppen to think they are . But the picture that Lomberg presents is not an honest one . Not in the slightest . There is geniune truth in the ` litany ' . I think it is clear that pollution , bioaccumlation , ozone depletion -LRB- not so much a problem now as decisive action has been taken -RRB- , acid rain are all serious problems that affect the quality of all life . Lomberg likes to gloss over this fact , or say that it is not really a problem , or that is not as serious a problem as the environmentalists think it is . This is a horribly irresponsible book .
 If I could give this less than one star , I would do it . It is a terribly written and even more terribly researched book . Yet it will continue to draw attention , and to sell , because it serves the purposes of corporate power . Julian Simon , Gregg Easterbrook , Alston Chase . Bjorn Lomborg is just the latest in a long line of those who make careers out of misusing quotes and statistics in order to serve those in power . If any environmentalist did such poor research as this , their reputation would be ruined . It reveals much about the destructiveness of our culture , and our deep state of denial about this destructiveness , that Lomborg has already been able to parlay his nonsense into a government job and an international bestseller .
 Thia book is a shame to humanity , I am sure financed by the extreme right wing , logging interests and trappers , their game of numbers to justify cruelty is childish and has no science to it . The book is a pure attack against caring for the planet and an insult to life , if there was ever one book that deserved to be burned this is the one . Only for ignorant people who base their opinions in the latest hunting magazines , there was no intelligence needed to read it and there was no intelligence needed to write it , but if you are a catle rancher and nazi you might find it useful to impress your truck riding friends you have some knowledge of the scientifical justification to destroy the planet for fun .
 Bjorn Lomborg is an idiot , who 's been thoroughly debunked on both sides of the Atlantic.The only benefit of his book for the environment is a compost .
 Title speaks for itself . This book completely ignores the vast majority of scientific knowledge and selectively presents data without proper biological or ecological context .
 A panel of independent Scandinavian scientists said on Tuesday 8/26/03 , that recent reports by a controversial Danish environmentalist were unscientific and of dubious value.The Danish government asked the panel of five academics to evaluate reports from an independent environmental institute headed by Bjorn Lomborg , after a prestigious Danish scientific committee earlier this year accused the environmental maverick of scientific dishonesty -- a charge he dismissed.The 38-year-old statistician , author of the controversial book `` The Skeptical Environmentalist , '' enraged the scientific community by saying that the dangers of global warming -LRB- news - web sites -RRB- had been exaggerated and that trying to slow it was a waste of money . `` The panel must conclude that none of the reports represent scientific work or methods in the traditional scientific sense , '' the five scientists said in their report.In his book , Lomborg said the world 's forests are barely declining , few animals have become extinct lately and rivers and oceans are becoming cleaner.Lomborg has also criticized the vast sums being spent on reducing pollution , arguing that the amount spent on reducing greenhouse gas emissions would be enough to provide every person in the world with access to clean water and sewerage.The chairman of Lomborg 's Institute for Environmental Valuation , created by the center-right government in 2002 , said the board took note of the panel 's evaluation , while the Danish opposition said the institute should be closed .
 as is shown -LRB- with real facts -RRB- in articles by reputed scientists in articles in scientific american , grist magazine and other publications , many of lomborg 's facts are just plain wrong!he uses words like unlikely , not plausible etc to back up his claims without giving any real statistics . strange , especially for a statistition .
 Instead of buying it read the list of errors available on the web . It is lame .
 I have n't read the book . I do n't need to . I have read the correspondence between him and Scientific American.Naturally , each two-sided argument has two bodies of thought . The question as to whether the earth is at the brink of some sort of collapse , environmentally and economically , -LRB- those terms have the same meaning here , will also have two bodies of separate thought . Where , oh where , can we find somebody to disprove the overwhelming body of scientific , naturalistic , and innate understanding that we are treating the natural systems , our own physical bodies included , like our dumping grounds.Well , we 've found a guy . He does n't have much understanding of the environment , nor does he have an understanding of ecological systems , nor does he have an holistic understanding of how our human bodies and the environment are one in the same , nor does he understand that his graphs are meaningless and simply wrong . However , he does know statistics and formualas . Whether they work or not in reality it doesnt matter . Lomborg is sitting at his computer telling us that outside everything is well . If somebody tells you the woods are not on fire but they are n't looking towards the woods , do you believe them ? IF they say statisically that it looks like the woods are not on fire , do you believe them ? You feel the heat , you see the flames , does it mean that 10 years ago there was no fire , so there should n't be one now ? of course not.Lomborg is a theoretician , and only that . His theories do n't hold up when tested . What can you say ? I guess somebody has to take the other side in this issue , not surprisingly , it 's incredibly weak and it 's by sombody outside of the field.So sad that this book is so heavily read . Wake up.We wo n't survive this is we are like the laboratory rats who keep on pressing the pleasure/orgasm button right on until they die , with a dishful of food on the other side of the cage .
 Full disclosure -- I consider myself to be an environmentalist , but before that I 'd like to think that the truth is my main priority . The Earth and it 's ecosystems are incredibly complex , and I do feel that a lot of what contributes to our views on the state of the environment do n't come from direct experience , but from what information we choose to expose ourselves to . I looked forward to reading this book if only to get what had been trumpeted as a coherent , alternative view to my own . This did turn out to be a complete waste of my time . The shortcomings of this book have been eloquently documented elsewhere , so I 'll just summarize briefly : The `` things are getting better '' angle
 This book is a sorry excuse for science or criticism based on science . While being skeptical about environmental issues is probably a good idea , this is not the book where you will find reasonable arguments on both sides . Lomborg picks his data to support predetermined conclusions , not the other way around . He often chooses to cite studies or reports that are over 30 years old while ignoring or downplaying more current information . The data he presents are often superficial and misleading . He makes no attempt to help the reader see the data in context - yet that is what rational skepticism is all about . In each chapter he concludes by saying nothing serious is really wrong . So if you want a book that says , `` Do n't worry - be happy , '' lull yourself to sleep with this one . But if you want to take a look at why you might be skeptical about the claims of some environmentalists , then find a book by someone who can differentiate between being critical and being Pollyanna .
 I wanted to like this book . I really did . It sounded so good ! What could be better than a clear-headed , non-ideological look at such a controversial set of issues?Unfortunately , that 's not this book . I read it as a rather more easily swayed 17 - or 18-year-old , and even then I knew it was seriously off . Now that I 've had more experience with scientific research , it 's even worse.There are already a number of reviews pointing out the book 's problems , so I 'll just add one more . His argument for doing nothing about global warming rests entirely on the postulate that it will have negative effects , but it 'll be ok , because we 'll all be richer!Yes , really . He thinks that everyone will be richer in the future . Um ... no . This ca n't be true . THIS CAN NOT BE TRUE . Even if everyone made a higher dollar -LRB- / other currency -RRB- amount of income , this would n't make everyone richer . If everyone 's incomes increased proportionately , everyone would still have the same sized slice of the metaphorical pie , and would n't actually be able to buy more.This is basic common sense ! Inflation ca n't make everyone richer ! It can make some people comparatively better off , but only at the expense of others.That was where the book broke for me . Or maybe where my brain finally broke trying to make sense of it , I 'm not sure .
 When I read this book , I considered its results deeply suspect , largely because of my own work in the quantitative analysis of environmental contaminants . Lomborg 's ideological bias was obvious , and his pronouncements rang hollow . Save for those who reflexively view one form of extremism as a corrective to another -- rather than as yet another form of error -- Lomberg 's arguments were very much less than compelling.And now , in January of 2003 , a committee of Danish scientists has ruled that `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' is `` scientifically dishonest . `` This decision was released after a six-month investigation of the book and its data by a committee working under the aegis of the Danish Research Agency . Their full decision reads : `` Objectively speaking , the publication of the work under consideration is deemed to fall within the concept of scientific dishonesty . In view of the subjective requirements made in terms of intent or gross negligence , however , Bjorn Lomborg 's publication can not fall within the bounds of this characterization . Conversely , the publication is deemed clearly contrary to the standards of good scientific practice . `` These scientists accuse Lomborg `` of fabricating data , selectively and surreptitious discarding unwanted results , of the deliberately misleading use of statistical methods , consciously distorted interpretation of the conclusions , plagiarization of others ' results or publication , and the deliberate misrepresentation of others ' results . `` I believe that this finding , though perhaps not the last word on the subject , casts the author and his book in a very poor light indeed . Fair-minded readers will certainly want to investigate these charges thoroughly before judging the book .
 A non-scientist writes a book with no peer review , and comes to indefensible and essentially reactionary , unsupportable conclusions , probably in the service of an ideological agenda . His conclusions -- that the major environmental problems of today , from global warming to fisheries depletion to species loss , and on and on , are not really problems at all -- are contradicted by most all responsible scientists . Unfortunately this book has made a big splash , and does little other than misinform and obfuscate the real issues .
 Please people let 's get real !!! This book is probably being sold for one reason only
 washingtonpost.comDanish Professor Denounced for ` Scientific Dishonesty'Panel of Scientists Assails Scholarship of Book Praised in PressBy Eric PianinWashington Post Staff WriterWednesday , January 8 , 2003 ; Page A20Once hailed as a brilliant iconoclast who challenged environmentalists ' gloom-and-doom prognoses of global warming , overpopulation and worldwide hunger , Danish author Bjorn Lomborg yesterday was denounced by a panel of his country 's top scientists for engaging in `` scientific dishonesty . `` Lomborg , an associate professor of statistics at Denmark 's University of Aarhus and a former member of Greenpeace , concluded in his best-selling 1999 book , `` The Skeptical Environmentalist , '' that `` air and water around us are becoming less and less polluted . Mankind 's lot has actually improved in terms of practically every measurable indicator . `` Members of the Danish Research Agency -- Denmark 's equivalent of the National Academy of Sciences -- said Lomborg had `` clearly acted at variance with good scientific practice '' in light of his `` one-sidedness in the choice of data and line of argument . '' The panel , responsible for investigating allegations of scientific dishonesty , said Lomborg lacked `` any special scientific expertise '' in dealing with `` the extraordinarily wide-ranging scientific topics '' in his book.Lomborg 's British publisher , Cambridge University Press , said it would not comment on the panel 's finding . Sloane Federer , the publisher 's New York marketing director , said in an interview that `` we went through all the usual processes -LSB- of reviewing the material -RSB- in order for it to be printed . '' He added , `` We have no reason to doubt the process . `` Publication of the English-language version of Lomborg 's book in September 2001 was greeted with glowing media attention . The New York Times , the Wall Street Journal , the Economist and other publications praised the Danish professor , who dismissed many environmental concerns as `` phantom problems created and perpetuated by a self-serving environmental movement . '' A Washington Post book reviewer concluded that the book was `` a magnificent achievement . `` Corporate-sponsored groups and libertarian Washington think tanks praised and promoted the book during Lomborg 's visit to the United States . But the book touched off a wave of criticism from environmental groups and academics . They said Lomborg had been highly selective in his use of research data and secondary source material to attack the work of dozens of respected and prize-winning scientists and broad-based , peer-reviewed scientific panels.Eleven distinguished scientists , including Thomas Eisner of Cornell University and Edward O. Wilson of Harvard , said in a letter to the publisher in July that `` we rarely see this type of careless and manipulative scholarship in the undergraduates we teach . ''
 I am a full time college student . In one of my courses the class was told to pick a section in this book with the purpose of finding Lomborg 's sources and stating if his sources agree with what he has stated or if Lomborg was miss quoting or taking information out of context . Through hours and hours of research I have found that Lomberg will site three or more sources for one statement and then only one may be obtainable or relivant to what he is refering to . For example , when discussing the life expectancy in sub-sahara Africa due to the AIDS epidemic he gave one valid source , two sources that could not be found , and one source that was a page from a report by the U.S. Census Bureau from 1999 about `` Family and NonFamily Households , by Race , Hispanic Origin , and type
 This book pays little attention to the peer reviewed scientific literature on environmental problems . That is the basis for policy and has established the seriousness of many environmental problems . In addition to picking `` soft targets '' of writings by advocates , the book ignores inflated claims by industry about the economic losses that will accompany environmental regulation . This demonstrates its lack of balance .
 Every now and then a treatise comes along that so egregiously distorts the science it is trying to present and analyze and misuses statistics in the guise of a careful analysis that it ends up simply being an embarassment to itself and its publisher . Such is the case with Lomborg 's book . With its 515 pages and nearly 3,000 endnotes , it would appear to be an example of careful scholarship . Unfortunately , the book is full of analytical errors , misstatements and distorted quotations . An example of this can be found in his chapter on biodiversity , in which Lomborg attempts to argue that it is impossible to establish extinction rates by `` quoting '' a Scientific American article by P. A. Colinvaux . Lomborg writes , `` Colinvaux admits in Scientific American that the rate is ` incalculable ' . What Colinvaux actually wrote is , `` As human beings lay waste to massive tracts of vegetation , an incalculable and unprecendented number of species are rapidly becoming extinct . '' This kind of irresponsible , out-of-context quotation could have been avoided had the book been properly peer-reviewed . However , like much of the literature cited by Lomborg , the book apparently was not peer-reviewed and , therefore , stands as an example of how uninformed writing can be disguised as a scholarly work . Lomborg 's arguments about the state of the environment could potentially lead to dangerous complacency that may have severe repercussions in the years to come . As a mathematician and scientist interested in environmental issues , I rely heavily on the peer reviewed literature as a source of information and strongly encourage prospective readers of this book to do the same . I would also encourage them to read the reviews of Lomborg 's book recently published in the January , 2002 issue of Scientific American .
 I 've been methodically checking Lomborg 's sources . So far I 've spent around 30 hours doing this , checking over 200 that looked suspicious to me -LRB- my results are summarized here
 There are a great number of apparently deliberate -LRB- i.e. , when pointed out to him , he made no effort to correct them -RRB- mistakes in Lomborg 's books and the film `` documentary '' about him called `` Cool It . '' The subject of this film is Bjrn Lomborg , yet he controlled the final cut of this film . Since when does a legitimate documentary allow its subject to determine what does and does not go into the film ? If you want proof , check out my story about meeting Lomborg and the film 's director at -LSB- ... -RSB- . The piece also contains links to a site that documents numerous factual errors and instances of plagiarism in Lomborg 's film and books .
 Let me just say that I ... co-reviewed the book for an `` eminent scientific journal '' in the UK ... and for another `` scientific organization '' in the US ... Given the space limitation , I can only highlight the more appalling errors in the polemic ; the book is literally full of straw men , egregious errors in interpretation , and a selective inclusion and understanding of the empirical data.What undermines TSE is the fact that provides the reader with only half of a very complex story ; we are informed that people are living longer , that food production per capita is still increasing , that the Asian tiger economies are catching up with the developed nations , and that many -LRB- though not all -RRB- forms of pollution are in decline . In perspective , this is good news , but what is missing from Lomborg 's opus is the second , and perhaps more important part of the story.TSE completely disregards the link between environmental indicators and human welfare indices and the underlying condition of ecological systems ; these systems represent the infrastructure which makes consumption possible and upon which the prosperity of all nation states depends . In TSE , there is nothing on wetland loss and eutrophication , fraying food webs , the loss of coral reefs and a general transformation of marine ecosystems worldwide , the effects of invasive species on communities and ecosystem functioning etc. . In evaluating the condition of the biosphere , scientists have known for some time that indices of human welfare must be weighed against the underlying conditon of our ecological life support systems . Yet , in TSE , Lomborg dismisses these systems entirely , and claims to write `` from a human perspective '' , as if our fate is somehow independent from the health of the biosphere . Such a fatal omission allows him to dispense with thousands of peer-reviewed studies published in the past 10 years which examine in detail such ongoing processes as climate change , habitat fragmentation , the disruption of biogeochemical and hydrological cycles , and extinction as they affect the structure , function and ultimately health of communties and ecosystems.Furthermore , if Lomborg is the `` hard-headed skeptic '' he claims to be , he would have dedicated as much of his book debunking the veritable tsunami of anti-environmental distortions as he does countering distortions from environmentalists and environmental organizations . In his chapter on biodiversity , for example , which he admittedly bases on a chapter in a book by Julian Simon , Lomborg selectively omits a wealth of studies by scientists like Brooks , Balmford , Pimm , Olsen , Woodruff and others which are more recent than the sources he uses but provide a different perspective . Why would an allegedly `` objective '' writer omit such research from his thesis ? By intentionally avoiding these important studies , it seems obvious that Lomborg is not seeking the `` truth '' -LRB- an elusive concept in science anyway , but one he harps on about throughout the book -RRB- but instead these omissions reflect Lomborg 's own agenda.I also found it rather amusing that a statistician can state that `` hidden value judgments should not cloud our understanding of environmental problems '' , a correct statement and one I agree with , and then go on to fill the pages of TSE with one hidden value judgment after another . `` The per capita amount of garbage produced has ONLY increased 45 % since 1966 '' . `` We have ONLY lost 30 % of the world 's forests '' . `` ONLY 14 % of Amazon forests have been lost '' . Similarly , on water resources , hidden value judgments crop up over and over again . It is as if these percentages do not constitute a problem , which one can not correctly estimate on the basis of a simple overview . Furthermore , Lomborg is long on quantitative data but short on the equally important area of qualitative evaluation . Which forests are being lost ? What kind of biomes do they constitute ? Where are they located ? What kind of forest is replacing them , and so on and so forth.For my part , and in spite of the time expended , it is imperative that scientists continue to counter the nonsense contained in books like TSE which attempt to explain away complex problems . I fear that , so long as powerful conservative forces wish to disseminate a `` business-as-usual '' message , that there will be `` new Lomborg 's '' emerging from the background long after TSE has been consigned to the scrap heap , but at least this episode has evoked a strong scientific response , and is making us better prepared .
 No one book is going to be the last word on the environment and this one requires a considerable background in the science and politics of the environment in order to be remotely useful . As someone who has been active in the environmental arena for many years , I have often been embarrassed at my own side and appalled at the other.Too often emotion has driven out fact and reason , with ideological cant substituting for a well thought out conservation ethic . This book , with its apparently objective use of atatistics would seem to shed some useful light on the debate . Alas , it is not so .1 . The problem with the use of statistics is with the primary selection process . Flawed primary data , even if properly manipulated , will still result in a flawed final product . This problem runs throughout the book.A good example of this is his section on forests . If one checks both the text and the footnotes one discovers that Lomborg uses the UN 's FAO data on `` forests and woodlands '' His selection of this category as a measure of forest gain or loss is , in the end , arbitrary and one he does n't even attempt to justify.The definition for this category is politically not scientifically determined . It allows for 20 % canopy coverage in developed countries but only 10 % coverage in lesser developed countries . Since forests -LRB- both tropical and temperate -RRB- are often a sea of green -LRB- 80 - 100 % canopy coverage -RRB- the potential for understating forest loss is obvious.The loss of every acre of old growth forest could be offset by the planting of pulp and Christmas tree farms . The FAO number is biased against native forests from the start and allows the transition from forest to savanna to go unobserved.Timber as a commody may be fungible however forests from a conservation standpoint need to be considered by type . Again , the loss of old growth conifers in the Pacific Nortwest is n't offset by plantation pines in Georgia . One would never learn this by reading this book.Similar problems are evident in the sections on energy and extinction . His reference to the most extreme application of the Wildlands Project -LRB- forceably shifting the U.S. population to produce large uninhabited areas , closed to humans -RRB- makes one wonder how deep his research was . No mainstream environmental group advocates this - it 's a real fringe position and the context in which he mentions it creates a deceptive impression and constitutes a real rookie error .2 . As a general rule I 'm wary of books or articles that start out with some version of `` I once believed this but now I know better '' not because one should n't be open to changing ones mind but because both sides in a debate usually commit the same types of errors and the `` zeal of the new convert '' syndrome that usually comes with the above statement often results in the exchange of one set of errors for another.Contrasting Paul Ehrlich with Julian Simon is an example of this . Mr. Lomborg fails to consider another -LRB- and to me , better -RRB- possibility
 For those of you who do n't read `` Newsweek , '' a recent article discussed the work of critic Howard Friel in tracking down all of Lomborg 's numerous references ... only to find that they did not say what Lomborg claimed they did . In fact , many of his cited sources actually said the OPPOSITE of what Lomborg suggested in this book . -LSB- ... -RSB- For those interested in detailed proof of Lomborg 's deliberate fraud , watch for Yale U. Press 's `` The Lomborg Deception '' coming out in March 2010 . For those looking for an intelligent and HONEST anlysis of environmental issues ... look elsewhere .
 Bjorn Lomborg has written a book to try to calm the worry of the masses . In so doing , he has given all of us something to truly worry about
 Here in the customer review community you are unlikely to find more articulate and well-written reviews than those for this book . These are often lengthy and passionate , from all sides of the political spectrum . With that in mind , one-star and five-star reviews may be from extreme thinkers . Two , three , and four-star reviews are likely to be from more moderate and analytical thinkers . I am concerned about the environment , though I lean toward the pragmatic and rational thinking of Sierra Club , rather than the self-righteous theatrics and polemics of Greenpeace . But I also know that environmental groups can exaggerate , usually because of the need for funding . I wo n't give this book one star because Lomborg has performed a valuable service in bringing the exaggeration of environmental doomsday theories to light . However , that 's the only good thing about this book . Main points :1 -RRB- You can see plenty of other reviews for an expose of Lomborg 's faulty statistical methods , and especially * Scientific American * magazine . But even this misses the forest for the trees . You do n't need precise statistics to know that there is environmental damage taking place at an alarming rate . You can see it all around you with your own eyes . Whether air pollution is 2.3 or 1.7 parts per million , the problem is still there .2 -RRB- Lomborg states repeatedly that he has environmental concerns , and that there are still serious problems , but things are actually getting better -LRB- at least statistically -RRB- . There is merit to this position . However , things are getting slightly better because of the environmental awareness among the general population of recent decades - awareness caused by the very methods Lomborg criticizes throughout this book .3 -RRB- The fact that anti-environmentalists are likely to praise this book as `` real science '' in the face of thousands and thousands of other pieces of evidence that state the contrary is revealing . One single book that refutes the claims of thousands , and then is praised by certain groups as truthful and realistic , is unlikely to be impartial .4 -RRB- Despite Lomborg 's repetitive claims to the contrary , he is not a skeptic . He 's a reactionary . A skeptic refuses to believe something at face value and demands to see evidence , but then is willing to believe a position if the evidence is strong and foolproof . On the contrary , Lomborg has decided that he already disagrees with a position , extreme environmentalism , and proceeds to compile `` evidence '' that supports his viewpoint . This is reactionary politics , not a skeptical inquiry.This book suffers from a fundamental flaw , which is present at the beginning and prevents it from ever achieving the degree of believability that is Lomborg 's goal . At the core , Lomborg is guilty of the exact same exaggeration and polemics that he 's criticizing .
 In `` The Skeptical Environmentalist-Measuring the Real State of the World , '' Lomborg makes a valiant attempt to be objective . He does a good job of exposing more easily debunked myths such the one that 40,000 species go extinct every year . He falls short however when addressing more complex issues . His major shortcoming in this regard is that he is a statistician , not a scientist with the expertise to explore extremely complex scientific issues that too often seem paradoxical to all but the specialists who spend years studying them . In his chapter on global warming , Lomborg details his argument that the phenomenon is real , but hardly the threat that most climatologists claim it is . This is a little like a dentist explaining that a rare new type of cancer is not as bad as oncologists say it is.Although , as a professor of statistics , Lomborg does a commendable job of documenting his figures , the figures do n't always tell the whole story . One of the more glaring examples is his argument that the world has plenty of water . In his chapter on water , Lomborg goes to great lengths to show that there is enough surface water to support human life on earth , but only superficially delves into the subject of ground water , and barely mentions the fact that aquifers are sinking all over the world from overpumping . He completely ignores the subject of how much water is required tosupport freshwater aquatic life -LRB- fish , etc. -RRB- or any of the natural systems that depend on fresh water to exist . He seems to be unaware of `` subsidence '' - a phenomenon that results from too much extraction of groundwater . Subsidence is causing a number of areas of the world to sink and the substrata to harden so that it can not reabsorb as much water . Lomborg seems equally oblivious of salinization of coastal river deltas when their flow levels decrease , or of any other water problem not directly demonstrable by numbers to affect humans.A major weakness of this book is that statistics ca n't support every argument . More abstract , but vital , aspects of the state of the world , such as beauty , justice , the human spirit and the value of animals are conveniently sidestepped . Lomborg often uses one criterion -- the length of human lives / how many deaths result from x , y or z -- as the paramount measurement of our success or failure.A magician tricks our senses by his skill at hiding vital parts of unfolding events . Similarly , when Lomborg fails to reveal vital parts of environmental issues , he presents a deceptively convincing case to the uninformed . Because it contains so much information and is so thoroughly referenced , `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' should be read by anyone seeking the truth about environmental issues , but it should be balanced by such books as Paul and Anne Ehrlich 's `` Betrayal of Science and Reason . `` The central point of Lomborg 's book is very valid-that we need to make rationally prioritize our problems based upon facts instead of upon myths . But his incomplete approach leaves too many `` myths '' still in question .
 It is one thing to challenge orthodoxy ; doing so is an often brave and heroic endeavour . This book , however , is intellectual dishonest and scientifically sloppy . Too bad , a book which truly challenged some of the claims of environmentalists with serious science could be very useful and could help foster constructive debate . This book does none of that . It is so obviously based on imprecise arguments and distorted ` facts ' that no serious debate could possibly ensue , except perhaps how it got published .
 Lomborg 's book could serve has a source of examples for an older book called
 This man has never published anything in a refereed scientific jounal . Yes , we should beware of doom and gloom environmental prognostication , but beware of partisan rabbit punching also .
 So many people will believe anything they read if it agrees with their beliefs . This book contains errors and distortions . Unfortunately , the reviewers just add to the confusion . For example : '' ... government workers faked lynx presence ... '' Sorry , it did n't happen . Read the follow-ups , not just the first headline . Visit the Audubon Magazine website for a comprehensive article on the incident.The marine harvest data is flawed . China has been lying about their catches for years . Even the not very left-leaning U.S. News reported that yields have been dropping dramatically . `` Marine sleuths find that faulty numbers from Beijing have masked a worldwide drop in catches '' . This book is recommended for the person who wants to refute arguments about environmental problems and does n't care about accuracy and facts .
 Just to let you know yesterday -LRB- 7/1-2003 -RRB- Mr. Lomborg -LRB- or rather his work -RRB- was sentenced by the highest authority on scientific practice in Denmark . Here is a brief snap from the verdict
 The Skeptical Environmentalist is not based on science , is not peer-reviewed -LRB- i.e. was written in a vacuum and ignores the vast majority of science -RRB- , and is just plain wrong on many levels . 2000 plus BIASED footnotes does not equal an accurate set of data on which to extrapolate the short - and long-term effect of man on the environment.Research this book a little further
 I confess I was initially fooled by the title and some randomly selected pages . But I quickly learned that `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' is just one more in a long line of books that claim to be a `` fair , '' `` balanced , '' `` objective , '' `` rational '' etc. treatment of some controversial subject , and are nothing of the kind . What it is is a series of brief vignettes on a multitude of environmental issues , with the apparent conclusion that past efforts at environmental action were good and wholesome , and were rightfully undertaken , and that we are now in an ideal world and should make no further attempt to change it . Future environmental efforts are expensive , evil , and should be rejected , even if the issues are real -LRB- for example , he does n't claim global warming is n't happening , or that humans are n't causing it , just that we should n't do anything about it -RRB- . One should question how one person could have the necessary knowledge to make the claims Lomborg makes on so many different issues . If anyone does , Lomborg is surely not one of them . His natural science background appears minimal . This would be fine if he were only compiling and reporting the work of other , qualified , individuals . But he is attempting his own `` research '' in areas where he has no qualifications . His only `` scientific '' ability seems to be the use of a computer graphing program . He will graph production of some commodity , and if the graph slopes upward , seems to imply that this is evidence that reserves of that substance are going to last forever . I guess he 's expecting a biblical loaves and fishes trick.Bjorn Lomborg may well be good at political science , but that is not what this book is about . In writing it he was unconscionably irresponsible , making statements and implicitly claiming expertise in all too many areas where he has , at best , only a rudimentary understanding , if he has any at all .
 An environmental book written by a statistician ! 90 % of all statistics can be used to show either side of the argument 50 % of the time ! This author uses this skill liberally.The first chapter makes a very valid point
 An important key to understanding this book
 Bjorn Lomberg , a political scientist in Denmark , has become the darling of the anti-environmentalist movement with the claim that he started as an environmentalist , and has disproved their claims . He his book has been found by the Danish government 's Committee on Scientific Dishonesty , to be `` deemed to fall within the concept of scientific dishonesty . ... In view of the subjective requirements made in terms of intent or gross negligence , ... the publication is deemed clearly contrary to the standards of good scientific practice . `` Lomberg was only aquitted on the grounds that he was not , as claimed , an environmentalist . His claim that he was involved in Greenpeace was later found also to be in error , as an examination of Greenpeace records never showed him to have ever been a member . He later claimed that he had at some time , donated money to the organisation.The book it appears contains 111 outright errors and 208 flaws .
 I decided I had better give this book a read after hearing all the buzz about it . I am convinced Bjorn Lomborg and Rush Limbaugh Must have gone to the same school of scientific obfuscation and unctuous disinformation . A middle school debate class could take this book apart with little effort . It proves a good case study for how to make a million pandering to eager -LRB- desperate -RRB- skeptics but for real `` facts '' look elsewhere . Even if you are skeptical of environmental science you can do a WHOLE lot better than this book.Now if you want a book that REALLY throws some light on the environmental debate over history look to `` Ruin and Recovery '' by Dave Dempsey . What I found so remarkable about his book was how anti conservationists and anti environmentalists have been making the same arguments for 200 years and how THEIR predictions not only prove untrue but often completely contrary .
 This book is based on a tenditious and self-serving interpretation of the existing data . Worst yet , the author provides a scientific smokescreen for those economic and political interests which are blocking any effective effort to address the single greatest threat to humanity and this planet , climate change . For an accurate understanding of the political and economic forces arrayed against appropriate environmental policies I recommend Matthew Cahn 's _ Environmental Deceptions _ and George Gonzalez 's _ Corporate Power and the Environment _ .
 Lomborg selects his statistics very carefully . For example , he reports that the WWF figure for land burned in wildfires in Indonesia was significantly higher than the Indonesian government 's estimate . He does n't say that Indonesia 's government was reporting only on forested land burned , nor that a later study showed that actually more than double the WWF 's estimate had been burned -LRB- Indonesia 's estimate was based on reports from farmers and ranchers , who probably started the fires themselves -RRB- . On the issue of global climate change ... are you going to believe his interpretation of the statistics or the World Meteorological Organization 's -LRB- which says that not only will global warming happen , but that it is happening already -RRB- . Likewise , he reports that the extinction rates are exponentially lower than those claimed by the environmental movement . In fact , he uses the rates of species being classified as extinct . In order for this to happen , there needs to be either an extensive survey of the species ' entire known range -LRB- which almost never happens -RRB- or the species needs to go for a 50 year period without being recorded -LRB- which takes 50 years -RRB- Furthermore , the species needs to first be described to science , and the vast majority of species are not . As he talks about oil , he twists the arguement around , from `` oil is being consumed too quickly ; it fuels wars and emits nitrous oxides and carbon dioxide '' to `` we are about to run out of oil . '' He essentially states that forests are not significantly threatened . This is based on several flaws . For example , one of his footnotes references a figure stating that 7.5 million square kilometers -LRB- which was apparently misread as a percentage -RRB- . He then confuses net forest loss with original forest loss , although second growth forests are much poorer biologically than virgin ones . He also expresses forest loss as a fraction of total land mass on earth , rather than forest cover , a misleadingly small statistic . The whole book is intresting , but not in any way grounded in fact . ...
 A sufficient comment about this book would be the fact that recently the Danish Science Council -LRB- Lomborg hails from Denmark -RRB- proclaimed this book to not be a scientific publication . So what is it ? Lomborg himself admitted that he is not an environmental expert . Perhaps we should then pay attention to people who are ! The Union of Concerned Scientists in Washingtons solicited reviews of this book from a number of respected top scientists . To quote a little from the UCS Website : `` Reviewing Lomborg &#65533; s claims are Dr. Peter Gleick , an internationally recognized expert on the state of freshwater resources ; Dr. Jerry Mahlman , one of the most highly regarded atmospheric scientists and climate modelers ; and top biologists and biodiversity experts Dr. &#65533; s Edward O. Wilson , Thomas Lovejoy , Norman Myers , Jeffrey Harvey and Stuart Pimm.These separately written expert reviews unequivocally demonstrate that on closer inspection , Lomborg &#65533; s book is seriously flawed and fails to meet basic standards of credible scientific analysis . The authors note how Lomborg consistently misuses , misrepresents or misinterprets data to greatly underestimate rates of species extinction , ignore evidence that billions of people lack access to clean water and sanitation , and minimize the extent and impacts of global warming due to the burning of fossil fuels and other human-caused emissions of heat-trapping gases . Time and again , these experts find that Lomborg &#65533; s assertions and analyses are marred by flawed logic , inappropriate use of statistics and hidden value judgments . He uncritically and selectively cites literature -- often not peer-reviewed -- that supports his assertions , while ignoring or misinterpreting scientific evidence that does not . His consistently flawed use of scientific data is , in Peter Gleick &#65533; s words `` unexpected and disturbing in a statistician '' . `` I find it disturbing that such a flawed book gets so much attention - even though it did not fool any real expert for a second.The full reviews as well as further links and comments are available at the link below . They are a more interesting and better informed read ...
 Not only does this book contain piles of completely incorrect `` facts '' and statistics , but it wildly distorts the actual facts it presents . It has widely been mocked in the scientific and intellectual communities -LRB- see , for a layman 's example Scientific American issues of January and May 2002 -RRB- . Anyone who wants a clear and unbiased version of the facts will unforuntately not receive it from this horrible book .
 The author uses manipulated and/or inaccurate data to convince people that they do not need to be environmentally responsible citizens . This book was probably funded by the unscrupulous corporations that exploit and poison our natural resources and at the same time try to convince us how wondeful they are to our society . It is quite convincing but when the statistics are carefully examined they prove to be highly manipulated to justify the anti-environmentalist author 's arguments . Many scientists and mathematicians have come out against the way in which the author used his data .
 I 've heard Lomborg all over the corporate radio airwaves . More recently , I heard him on a community radio station -LRB- KGNU -RRB- debating the author ofBoiling Point
 Statistics in and of themselves prove very little outside of the context of interpretation . In order to interpret the statistics that Lomborg has assembled , one would need thorough scientific training in a number of different disciplines . The people who actually HAVE such training -LRB- research scientists in those fields -RRB- have thoroughly refuted Lomborg 's findings in reputable publications such as NATURE.The state of the environment is a very emotional issue , however , and a lot is at stake . In order to take the steps necessary to counter the havoc being wrought on the ecosystem , governments , corporations , and individuals will have to take drastic measures , measures they may find inconvenient and economically harmful -LRB- at least , in the short term -RRB- . In order not to have to face the unpleasant reality , many people unwittingly fall into a well-documented psychological trap called `` denial . '' We see it all the time
 STASTICS DOES NOT EXPLAIN ALL LIFEthe author has no qualifications in the subject area.those who deny environmental damage have been shown up to be cooperative workers for their industry funders.the well respected journal THE ECOLOGIST gave this book a very brief review stating that it had no foundation at all , listed the web site of the environmental studies facaulty at the author 's university , and stated that they had no intention of giving it any more publicity as it deserved none.this book is dangerous and there is no need to reward the unqualified writer by reading or buying it .
 I 'd say that this book is a pile of -LSB- junk -RSB- , but feces actually have beneficial and redeeming value . This author has put together a bunch of pseudo-scientific misrepresentations that are designed to give crooked politicians and rapacious industries some sort of justification for continuing to destroy the environment . Even `` president '' Dubya Bush has stated that global warming is a real problem , though he does n't want to do anything about it that might hurt the profits of his big oil buddies.If you are a right wing ideologue who needs a few choice lies to help you deceive people effectively in arguments , then this is the book for you . Anyone else will be wasting their time reading this poisonous drivel .
 I agree with everyone 's reviews in the sense that questioning things is important , however , at what cost will these `` skeptics '' skirt around the real issues . Just because the human species is ridiculously afraid of change does n't mean that you can make up data to validate not changing what is so OBVIOUSLY wrong ! We have a problem on this planet . That is a FACT ! There is NO WAY around this . We are a very improvident species who want nothing more than to make excuses for our actions . That is why this book is so dangerous ! Good , keep going on the same track and we 'll see the state of the planet when our children 's children can no longer breath but hey , what do you care , right as long as Mr. Lomborg can tell you its all going to be okay . You 'll be dead by the time it all comes crumbling down anyway , so who really cares . He sides with large companies , industry and placates the masses by telling everyone that it will all be okay , not to worry , the planet is n't all that important . It 'll fix itself . He 's right , it will fix itself when the human species is dead and gone because we chocked on our own incompetence . This is complete psuedo science . The very thing he preaches against ! If you are going to go against the popular scientific environmental conclusions than at the very least , you could be objective about it . Oh , I guess the scientists who believe that the world is actually in a grave state , all have vested interests , right ? Yeah , they all work for the oil companies and the oil companies want scientists to tell everyone that the planet is in danger . What a ... ! What motivation would scientists have in telling people that we have environmental problems ? The answer is NONE but hey , do n't listen to the experts with no vested interests , listen to this guy spew more garbage out so you can all feel better about how you 're not really being wasteful and we 're not really ruining the planet . Maybe if the human species cared more about the things that actually mattered than lining their own pockets and lying to themselves to placate their feeble minds , then we would actually finally see the truth .
 '' Limited credentials.Bjrn Lomborg is an Associate Professor of Statistics in the Department of Political Science , University of Aarhus , Denmark.His prior publications are in game theory and computer simulations . He has no professional training -- and has done no professional research -- in ecology , climate science , resource economics , environmental policy , or other fields covered by his new book . Lomborg says the book grew out of a class project for his students.The author has every right to venture into new territory and express his personal views , but equally his audience has the right to question the authority of his judgments . '' - World Resorces Institute
 Here is a Scientific American article which tears apart this book.http : / / www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?articleID=000F3D47-C6D2-1CEB-93F6809EC5880000&pageNumber;=1&catID;=2It disturbs me how many people searching for optimism have been mislead by this book 's misguided hope .
 Unfortunately he misleadingly titles himself an environmentalist . He is -LRB- and writes like -RRB- and economist , not a scientist or philosopher . I find he contradicts himself , and whether or not everything he writes is accurate or not , he never once addresses the issue of whether or not it should be said . As he says himself , without the scare tactics of parties like greenpeace , the world would be in much worse condition than it is . I think that , as a book for the general public , it could cause an alarming rise in apathy . If things are better , it is because people are starting to worry about the environment , and consequences of our throw away society . Who is this imbecile who thinks he 's right to put them back at ease ?
 This guy bjorn and anyone who gives his `` work '' any merit is in a severe state of denial . Our environmental problems , as a planet , are too numerous to count , and will get progressively worse as long as there is not a Drastic change in collective consciousness , and subsequently , in collective actions taken by our species.And here this guy is claiming that none of the impending catastrophes we face as a species and an earth are to be worried about . Maybe he 's right . Just nestle in with your beer and satellite dish and online shopping and do n't think about how much of your world is smothered under concrete and asphalt.DONT EVEN get me started on specifics ! just look and listen around you , i think we all can see at least a few things wrong with what used to be our habitat . i mean the indians ' habitat . i mean the buffalos ' habitat . oh yeah , and we ought to call them native americans , huh . yes , that feels quite a bit less racist . very good .
 Where does this guy get his ethics ? Obviously he does not have a profound love of mother nature or he would feel that losing one species of anything is irreversible and the cost ca n't be determined so easily . His main goal seems to be `` maximizing profits '' in this world of chaos . It 's people like him that give humans a bad rap with mother nature . I 'm studying biology at Western Connecticut State Univ. and am embarking down this path to help nature and man-kind . Think about this book and its ultimate purpose . I 'm suprised Cambridge let this misconstrued cat out of the bag , but I bet all the fat cat politicians and big business are happy . Check out these reviews I researched . I 'm too flustered to write my review for the whole book b/c I just had surgery yesterday morning ! Anyhow , he has a bachelor 's in experimental psychology from Harvard , an MBA from the University of Chicago , and , two years later , in 1961 , a PhD in business economics from the same school . Real authority figure on nature , eh ? Where I see mother nature as of paramount importance , he sees economical growth ... Be skeptical like a good scientist and cut , paste and read all the following reviews provided and decide for yourself if this book is overall a negative or positive impact on humanity .
 It is sad to see facts manipulated and data skewed . There is a lack of peer review , but this is understandable since a serious environmental scientist would have nothing to do with such a hideous work .
 I discovered Life In The Balance by Robert Wennberg in 1989 . I was shocked by Wennberg 's conclusions concerning abortion , including
 I bought Visual Interdev 6 for Dummies because I wanted a quick tutorial aimed at someone with no previous exposure to Interdev . I was looking for something that would walk me through all aspects of the program in a way that was easy to understand . Unfortunately , this book did n't meet my expectations at all . The first few chapters gave an adequate overview of the layout of the various windows , menu bars , etc. , but as soon as the book progressed into work samples I started feeling lost . The progression of the sections did n't seem to flow together in a logical way , and the practice scripts and projects were sometimes poorly explained . By the time I reached Chapter 10 or so I was feeling like a total imbecile for not understanding the examples . I finally gave up on it and bought Practical Visual InterDev 6 by Michael Amundsen , which has exactly what I wanted -- clear , concise , step-by-step examples . I breezed through the whole book and now feel like an Interdev pro ! And I wish I had never bought Visual Interdev for 6 for Dummies ... it was a waste of my money and time .
 If this book is the best of the `` Dummies '' series , then I know to steer clear of these books . The book provides few examples where the user is walked through a project from start to finish . The author merely explains aspects of the project as he sees fit .
 I like books that teach by working through a sample project . The best of these types of books will give you the basic aspects of programming to get you up and running . This book is bits and pieces of Visual Interdev , but just when you think you 're off and running it stops short , which is my take on the whole book .
 I made the mistake of buying this book and not checking the publication date of the stories . Both are from the 70 's and could have used some updating . The Publisher Weekly review was right on about the stories .
 I realize that the 2 stories were written in the 70 's but that is no excuse for the terribly-written male characters . It almost seems like this author is a real man-hater or perhaps , that she 's into being dominated & humiliated by men . Why else write so-called romance stories where the men treat the women SO badly & the women take it ? I have a bit of the `` old-fashioned gal '' in me & would love to be with a strong , confident man but I would NEVER be with either of the men in the 2 stories in `` Maybe This Christmas '' . I 've enjoyed a few of Janet Dailey 's books in the past but I 'm glad I did n't actually have to pay for this one . It would have been a waste of my limited funds .
 From the back cover : DARLING JENNYSome Christmas vacation ! An unexpected blizzard just stranded Jennifer Glenn in the heart of the mountains , and her boots are n't made for walking . But the Jeep 's buried in a snowdrift and a lonely log cabin is the only shelter for miles around . Just her luck
 You 'll find that a lot of books written a long time ago just do n't translate well into today 's world . 30 years ago , attitudes were different . Take Jenny for instance , in My Darling Jenny . She found it really hard to get a job WITH HER DEGREE , all because she was a young , attractive woman . I 'm not going to say it would be any easier today with our economy , but surely they would n't laugh in your face . I only read the first story in this book actually , as I do n't have the stomach to try the second one . But it was enough for me to decide to put it back on the shelf.So let 's take a thorough look at My Darling Jenny . Jenny is 22 , just a year older than myself , and has all the maturity of a 16 year old . And the cause of all her troubles is because she is basically a prude . Hey now , do n't get me wrong ... she 's got every right to wait until her wedding day , but Jenny here is just a tease . That 's a harsh view , but I just do n't have any love for her . She just really got into their kisses and the decides that no , you ca n't touch me at all ! And oh my Lord , Logan ... `` I 'll touch you any damn time I please ! '' WTF ? Are you engaged to her ? Are you dating her ? Cause as far as I can tell , you do n't even LIKE her ... that sounds like the start of RAPE to me . And it 's all because he just ... loves her so bad . Yeah , I rolled my eyes too.So anyway , Jenny runs away after Brad wants to have sex with her and she cries and says no . He basically tells her he was taking her out on dates and stuff just to get in her pants . Lovely . But someone had to ` screw ' her up . She runs to see her sister in Wyoming and her plane is diverted cause of the weather . So she 's in the airport and she notices this guy looking at her . Right away she 's got him pegged as a womanizer who just would n't give a fig about anyone but himself . She 's obviously so experienced . Turns out the guy is her sister 's boss and our hero of the story.From the moment they meet , they throw barbs at each other . I thought kids stopped flirting like this in the 5th grade . She does n't even try to like him , cause remember , she 's got him pegged already . Then we meet her sister , whom Jenny suspects is in love with Logan . In her head she 's seeing lots of stuff between them . But turns out her sister who is supposed to be 27 is just as immature when it comes to her love interest . This Dirk guy . He 's an artist and Sheila -LRB- the sister -RRB- wanted him to get a ` real ' job so he 'd have a steady paycheck . This is probably also dated , as today I do n't think that would have been a really big issue . But he refuses and she tells him to go and she lives in misery that Logan understands and Jenny misinterprets.Oh and at this point , Jenny is in love with Logan . SKIIRRRRRRT . Let 's put the brakes on a second here . Jenny is in love with Logan ? WHERE did this happen ? Last page I was on , they were treating each other like crap . What , did show not tell not exist in the 70s ? Instead of showing this love between Jenny and Logan , the author steps up on the NON-EXISTENT romance between Logan and Sheila . I mean , I was even starting to wonder!Oh oh oh and the Brad guy shows back up at the hotel that Logan owns/Sheila manages . But no , he was n't coming after Jenny . In truth he 'd probably forgotten all about her . But as soon as he sees her , he 's proclaiming love to her and stuff . And since Logan supposedly is in love with Jenny himself , this just pee-pees right in his cornflakes . He starts making up ridiculous rules so that Jenny ca n't see Brad and guess what ? She never confronts him , though it makes her ` seethe with anger . ' Whatever.So now Dirk is in the group and Sheila seems to be talking to him again . Jenny sees Logan at a ring shop , buying an engagement ring that she things is for Sheila . At this point , I 'm not sure it 's for Jenny either . But the four go on this ski trip and Jenny get guilted into it cause Logan tells her he wants this to be perfect for Sheila . Cause he 's going to propose to her ? Or to Jenny ? Or is Dirk and Logan going at it ? At this point I just do n't know anymore.Sheila gets hurt though . Put a ski pole through her foot -LRB- ouch ??? -RRB- and broke her arm . So Logan dictates that her kids go stay with their grandparents and Sheila and Jenny come stay at his ranch . He even gets him mom to convince Jenny to come . Poor poor Jenny . She keeps busy by cleaning the house and cooking and stuff . Cause Logan does n't pay much attention to her . -LRB- Remember , this is Jenny 's POV -RRB- . One night she gets up to go make herself some tea . Like in an actual tea kettle with a teabag and stuff . Logan shows up in the doorway `` I thought you were asleep . '' and startles her , causing her to spill a little of the hot water on herself . He reacts instantly , chiding her like a small child . Jeez , I burn myself all the time in the kitchen ... it happens.So he rushes over to her -LRB- he 's shirtless , she 's in a ` short robe ' is all we 're told . -RRB- And he kisses her . She 's all into the kiss too now . Then she realizes that hey , kissing is naughty and my virtue is slipping away , and tells him to stop . Surprise , surprise , he does n't . He rips her robe and kisses her harder . She tears away , `` I hate you , do n't touch me '' ladida and he declares that he has the right to touch her anytime , anywhere he pleases . He kisses her again I think and then tells her to get out.The next morning she packs her suitcase and hops a ride to the airport to go back to Minneapolis . Well turns out the flight does n't leave for like , 5 hours ... so she 's a sitting duck . I 'd have hidden in the bathroom or something at least . So Logan appears and they have this heart to heart talk . He 's loved her from the beginning , and she loves him so much she 'd just die if he did n't love her . Dirk and Sheila are getting married and the ring Logan bought was for Jenny . They kiss and makeup , despite the fact that he was well on his way to raping her last night.Gee , there were so many butterflies in my tummy at the romance of it all , I just could n't sleep the rest of the night . No wait , that was nausea . Folks , do yourself a favor . Let such stories stay in the 70s . They do n't belong in our times today .
 I picked this book up at the library just so I could get a taste of Janet Dailey - OMG , what a waste of my time ! I did n't even bother reading the second story - Darling Jenny was more than enough ! I skipped through so much of it because it literally hurt my head to read it . Just flat out awful and the storyline was just flat out stupid !
 This book purchase was a HUGE mistake ! It is a 2-in-1 book , and the two stories are from 1973 and 1974 . They are Neanderthal romances at best - the male leads are domineering , aggressive , inconsiderate , and completely unheroic . These are not romance stories by any stretch of the imagination , and the book itself is a bit like a wolf in sheep 's clothing . The cover indicates that you might be in for a nice Christmas tale or two , but the cover was just a sales feature . The stories have nothing at all to do with Christmas and , in fact , do not even take place at Christmas-time . I think it was a horrible way to introduce readers to this author , especially if you have never read her stuff before -LRB- which I had n't -RRB- . Perhaps this author has improved her storytelling since the 70s , but based on this nonsense I would n't waste my time with her again . The stories were poorly written .
 I am very disapointed by this book . I bought it because the advertisement guaranteed a secret way to lower high blood pressure in two weeks . Surprise , the book said to exercise , eat better and go to the doctor for medication if it is more than a little bit high . No secrets in this book , just what you have already heard on television and from every other source .
 It looked very good on the picture . It is not as what I expected . The sound quality is not good , I can hear from only one ear .
 I am no stranger to Microsoft and certifications . This book assumes that the reader knows the lingo of databases , and yet it fails utterly to prepare one for the certification exam . It does not give enough detail for a beginner , but would probably bore the advanced user of Microsoft SQL . I have the latest version of this book , and the errata posted on Sybex 's website are already corrected in it . Nonetheless , after a year in circulation , most of the T-SQL statements printed in the exercises STILL have incorrect syntax . Imagine spending 2 hours to debug an excercise which should have taken 5 minutes!I used this book in conjunction with the Transcender test -LRB- which was previously a `` guaranteed pass '' combination for me -RRB- . As always , I learned some from the book , more from the BOL , but the most about practical application from the Transcender test . Sybex has a lot of work to do to make this volume worth the price I paid.I 'm buying the Microsoft SQL Self-Study Kit right now ...
 This book seems to be fairly thorough when discussing SQL . However , there are many bugs in the Exercises causing the student to spend a great deal of time debugging the T-SQL statements . It appears that the editors did n't understand the subject matter well enough to catch the typo 's and other sytax errors . I finally gave up on this book and purchased the Microsoft Self Paced Training Guide where the Exercises actually work . Exam 70-028 is my 6th exam for my MCSE .
 Note the worst book in the world , but fairly darn close . I bought three study guides for this exam and the only one that seemed to be helpful was the Coriolis Exam Prep by Talbert . It got a bit detailed in parts but was the clear winner of the three I read .
 This had the potential to be a good book and Huxley certainly was n't a bad writer for his day , but his main purpose in this book seems to be to get a message out , and I 'm not sure I can buy that message . Basically the thesis is that it 's good to be unhappy . The main characters are sick that this world has no unhappiness and they want the right to be unhappy . I can not understand this since I would rather be happy than not . If this was just a satire about an immoral modern society , then I could understand . His predictions certainly are not too far off the map . If you are curious , try this book , but personally I did not find it enlightening .
 I read Brave New World because I really liked 1984 and some people recommended it as similar . I really have to dissagree . Whereas 1984 had a plot , characters and a point Brave New World had none . It is basically a description of a futuristic world with this bit thrown in about The Savage . The Savage is a strange combination that Heller made up of religion , primative life , and something like voodoo . Not a very impressive book .
 This book is on many a top 100 reading list . Aldous Huxley has the reputation of being an intellectual giant . His heritage places him in the land of England , the place where all of the great literary giants come . A Brave New World unfortunately does not live up to the credits , pedigree or even the cult following that chases after it.Summary
 Although the book has some interesting ideas in it -LRB- like bokanovskification process and conditioning -RRB- after the first few chapters it becomes a repetition of the beginning chapters . Some reviewers think it wrong , even foolish to compare it with 1984 but since they are in the same genre -LRB- they are both anti-utopias -RRB- , we can make a comparison between them . And when I do that , I find Brave New World weak and shallow . When I first read 1984 a few years ago , it arrested me so much that when I finished reading in the middle of a night I felt a chill . It affected me so much . But at the end of Brave New World I said `` Is this the end ? '' Also I read Huxley 's `` Island '' 5 or 6 years ago and I simply hated it . I do n't understand his obsession with drugs . In Island , there was `` Moksha medicine '' which the author approves and in Brave New World there is `` Soma '' which I am not sure if he approves or not . Also the book does n't give us an insight into the whole structure of the society , it mostly dwells on matters like sex and the discouragement of individuality . But I still recommend the book as an anti-utopia . Lovers of science fiction should also read `` 1984 '' and `` A Canticle For Leibowitz '' .
 Once again a book that garners acclaim but leaves you -LRB- me anyway -RRB- feeling like you wasted precious moments of your life -- ala On The Road . But , you deserve to see for yourself and be the final judge and jury . I give the guy a five for creativity though . I did not find the romantic aspects stimulating , although they could 've been .
 The book , Brave New World , written by Aldous Huxley , was not one of the most impressive books I have ever read . It did have thoroughly extensive descriptions , and the characters seemed consistent . Unfortunately , the plot had a dark mood , and the seemingly pointless ending was disappointing.The novel takes place in the world far into the future , after a devastating war , when a world-wide utopian society has been established . People are grown from cloned eggs , put into a social class before they have reached infanthood . All of the set morals and opinions they are supposed to have are engrained in them as children through association experiences -LRB- ex
 My Opinion
 A prophetic vision of a distant future , where humans are hatched , and choice is a thing of the past . Brave New World describes a regimented , worldwide government where men and women are bred into a particular caste , and conditioned from infancy to appreciate their lives as workers and consumers . Sometimes it seemed an attack against communism , at other times a treatise on ` stability with happiness ' versus ` instability with human struggle . ' Regretfully , the characters were unlovable , and at times seemed barely human . The struggle against the government turned out to be not much of a struggle at all , more of a polite conversation with some tears . There was no fear or darkness , and only a little bit of contention . Towards the end , the characters turned didactic , quoting Shakespeare and waxing scholarly . It made the story feel more like an essay than a book . For a touching futuristic tale of governmental intrusion , read Orwell 's 1984 instead .
 amazing story line , i love the author just there are scribbles on every page and many sections are hi-lighted i dont think i could ever buy another book from international books
 this has got to be the most boring book i have ever read , & maybe that is because i am younger & it was written in 1932 but it was horrible i did n't understand a dang word . . i am very dissapointed too i was really looking forward to this book . .
 This is one of those books that I have been wanting to read for about twenty years , have started a few times , have been somewhat uneasy about my ignorance of - and now , finally , I did it . Was it worth the long wait ? Did I spend my time wondering just what on earth had been the delay , delighting in a classic that had almost gotten away from me , ready to pass it on to friends and review it glowingly for you , my trusting public?Not quite.A Brave New World is , in my opinion , one of the most overrated books I have ever read . There are so many flaws in this story and silliness in the writing I scarcely know where to begin . It is n't that there are no redeeming factors to it - although there are few . However , to have this book anywhere near a list of classics or must reads , or -LRB- I can hardly believe it -RRB- greatest books of the twentieth century , is laughable . Yes , I do realize that sometimes a good book can suffer because of it 's lofty reputation and often will not quite live up to what the reader expects . With that in mind , I tried to be objective and shelve any preconceived ideas I had about it . Even taking this rather liberal view , though , I just did not like it.To start , my first objection is the lack of depth to this new world . The picture Huxley paints is incomplete . At no time does one lose oneself in this society , feeling the air the characters breath and tasting the food they taste . One does n't cry when they cry or laugh when they laugh . It all remains sort of cerebral . The characters are weak , perhaps intentionally so . There is nobody to like or dislike , there is no protagonist . The whole thing reads like a first draft that desperately needs to be fleshed out a bit.Furthermore , the one thing that Huxley seems to really want to hit us over the head with is sex . The characters all `` have '' each other all the time , having another person being as routine as going to coffee with them . The problem is this is quite literally the overarching idea of the whole book . If one can recall anything of A Brave New World weeks after reading the book , it is that sex is readily available -LRB- as are drugs -RRB- . Apparently , if you glean nothing else from this book , you really , really need to glean that much . This free love is celebrated very easily because the theories of Freud have been manipulated and adapted to the point that the notion of mothers , fathers , sisters and brothers is obsolete ; birth control is carried on a woman 's person all the time and everyone is completely autonomous . It is an interesting subject and one that could have been explored much better if Huxley had wanted to ; but he seems satisfied with an almost adolescent preoccupation with highly attractive women armed with birth control and ready to fornicate all the time . The concept never gets much further than that.The world Huxley imagines is one where all languages except English have ceased to exist -LRB- although there are different castes of peoples which bear such titles as Alpha , Beta , etc. -RRB- This inconsistency is never addressed . What Huxley must have thought was a clever play on words in switching `` Lord '' -LRB- God -RRB- for `` Ford '' -LRB- creator of the assembly line -RRB- is repeated ad nauseam throughout the book . Laboratories produce scores of identical twins all designed to enjoy factory work , and children are reared in state-run nurseries where they are brainwashed in their sleep and - Huxley never avoiding a chance to mention sex - they are encouraged to engage in erotic play with another . These amateurish ideas are littered throughout the book and make it more of a comedy than a commentary . Further reducing the book 's sophistication is the amazing coincidence of the main characters running into a `` savage '' on one of their trips who just happens to be the spawn of one their own kind -LRB- a civilized person -RRB- . The odysseys of this savage into the modern world is a storyline for which I simply had difficulty drumming up enthusiasm . It revealed nothing of human nature other than pat , simplistic assertions that it is better to live life properly , pain and all , than to spend it having random sex and taking drugs . Which I do not find to be an earth shattering theses.To compare this book to 1984 , which many do , is an insult to a book that I consider to be a masterpiece . I have re-read 1984 many times and never fail to enjoy it ; I had difficulty reading A Brave New World even once . While there is some enjoyment to be found in the ideas put forth in this `` classic '' , it is about the same amount of enjoyment one would get from reading a paper written by a junior in high school entitled , ` What I think the Future Would Look Like , ' - a paper that would , no doubt , be censored by her teacher for being too preoccupied with sex and excessive in uninteresting puns.bookshelfish.blogspot.com
 I do not understand at all what everyone is raving about . Mediocre writing , snail-like pacing , and shallow stereotypes -LRB- the semi-rebellious anti-hero , the hard-core Messiah/revolutionary figure , the orthodox romantic interest , the benevolent omnipotent despot are Bernard , Savage , Lenina and Mond , respectively -RRB- aside , the idea of this book is absurd . Sure , the denizens of Huxley 's Ford-ruled world -LRB- and the replacement of `` God '' with `` Ford '' ; I found that amusing for , oh , about three seconds -RRB- seem perfectly happy to me , and the book is written in such a cock-eyes and unbelievable manner that this `` Brave New World '' does n't seems at all depressing ; it just seems like another way to live life . This is a crushingly pointless book .
 Although I seem to be in the minority here , I was n't a big fan of the highly acclaimed , dystopian cult classic BRAVE NEW WORLD . I just did n't get it ... well , I `` got it '' but I do n't get what all the hype is about.In BRAVE NEW WORLD the people of the new `` Civilized '' world believe they are happy because they want for nothing . All needs are met and all pleasures are provided to them , including mood altering drugs and constant casual sex -LRB- everyone belongs to everyone -RRB- , while marriage and religion are dirty words . They live in a class system that is programed -LRB- brainwashed -RRB- into them from conception , of which by the way , happens in a lab , no mommies and daddies . But are they honestly happy ? Can they be ? These people lack any true individualism , connection , passion or actual choice ; so really they are a society of glorified meat robots . Then there are the Savages that live in small tribe like communities outside Civilization . These are a Native American-like people with a mesh of religions , cultures and a traditional moral standard . At about the halfway point in the book , the two societies cross paths ... and the reader may now commence comparisons . So who 's better ? ... Really they 're both a mess.All that , being what it is ... a utopia with a definite philosophy -LRB- agenda -RRB- on how society would best be run , fine I 'll except all that , the concept itself holds some interest , but for me it was the execution of BRAVE NEW WORLD that bombed . The story felt ... disheveled and scattered and most importantly I felt no connection at all to any of the characters . Really I could n't care less what happened to any of them . They were so flat and uninteresting that , in the end , I just felt the read as a whole was pretty boring .
 The characters are irritating and one-dimensional . The too frequent shifting points of view are unnecessary and confusing . Aside from the occasional glimmers of dry wit -LRB- not including the `` Our Ford '' joke which tires out quickly -RRB- , the writing is for the most part flat . Even the orgy scenes manage to be dull . The latter half of the novel is simply a rant of Huxley 's personal beliefs , all of which have been stated elsewhere and more eloquently . There are no real deep societal insights . In short , extremely overrated .
 This book can be related to the society in whole . Most books can do this . Some things bother me about the book . I was mostly confused what his point was while I was reading the book.I really did not care for it . NBC
 This book has been held up as a comparable to Orwell 's 1984 . It 's not . Huxley is just trying to write about a lot of sexual intercourse and still get published in a previous era . There in no serious discussion of the societal woes that are the subject of the book until the final short chapter .
 Although the book has some interesting ideas in it -LRB- like bokanovskification process and conditioning -RRB- after the first few chapters it becomes a repetition of the beginning chapters . Some reviewers think it wrong , even foolish to compare it with 1984 but since they are in the same genre -LRB- they are both anti-utopias -RRB- , we can make a comparison between them . And when I do that , I find Brave New World weak and shallow . When I first read 1984 a few years ago , it arrested me so much that when I finished reading in the middle of a night I felt a chill . It affected me so much . But at the end of Brave New World I said `` Is this the end ? '' Also I read Huxley 's `` Island '' 5 or 6 years ago and I simply hated it . I do n't understand his obsession with drugs . In Island , there was `` Moksha medicine '' which the author approves and in Brave New World there is `` Soma '' which I am not sure if he approves or not . Also the book does n't give us an insight into the whole structure of the society , it mostly dwells on matters like sex and the discouragement of individuality . But I still recommend the book as an anti-utopia . Lovers of science fiction should also read `` 1984 '' and `` A Canticle For Leibowitz '' .
 I do n't get it . It 's very unusual . Controversial in its time , but still widely read throughout schools in the United States . I must say it was n't all bad , the ideas he portrayed were revolutionary and original , although I was extremely let down at the end . It is clever that drugs are n't for pleasure anymore , they are everyday , for the use of increasing entertainment . That 's how someone explained their interpretation , but I still -LSB- dislike -RSB- my English teacher for making me read it . It just seemed as if I was being led to believe one thing throughout , expecting some kind of epiphany , but got a guy walking in circles at the top of the stairs ...
 I was so enthusiastic and worked up to expecting a splendid and original read , but came off greatly dissapointed and got frustrated trying to think of what all the hype was about with BRAVE NEW WORLD . I tried so very hard to like and enjoy reading this ... but my mind just did n't want to cooperate . Such a complex and creepy look into a superfical world into this book was hard to grasp , this just was n't the type of book I expected . I prefered 1984 and Animal Farm much more than Brave New World . I mean , it 's hard to say that emotions can errupture with just a little pill , and vice versa . Oh well , maybe I 'm a bit tuff to give such a beloved classic just 1 star , but that 's what I deeply and truely think this book deserves . I 'll stick to my old favorites
 The novel Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is about an English utopian society in the future . The main characters are one of 96 clones just like themselves , and the novel guides the reader through their everyday lives . Huxley introduces some interesting concepts and ideas , but the text lacks flavor.The tiresome novel slowly drags on discussing the differences between their culture and that of today . There is no distinct storyline to engulf the reader 's desire turn the pages , and it has a dry personality . Huxley declines to develop his characters and they lack a certain realistic dimension.There is n't an identifiable incline , climax or decline of the novel . Turning the pages is like drudging through a marshy swamp . Its dull continuation of information is n't intriguing , however the thought that this type of society may someday consume our world does open up the reader 's mind to a shocking truth.The novel is well written , but is n't recommended for people under the age of fifteen due to many adult topics and concepts within . It is directed toward people interested in expanding their imagination about possible future societies , but does n't have the action and suspense to keep the pages turning , so do n't be disappointed .
 There could not , to my thinking , be a greater gap between celebrity of a book and its actual merit . The writing is vapid , tiresome , and often unintelligible . Often praised as of far more psychological and societal value than 1984 or ANIMAL FARM , such claims are thoroughgoingly absurd . In fact , I quite wonder what substances got into Huxley 's bloodstream and crossed the brain barrier when he was writing this drivel-ridden casuistry.P.S . My dismissive contribution here may prompt some of Huxley 's ardent devotees to desire initiation of a mass debate . No thanks . Anyone who gave credence to this sententious tome is already an accomplished `` mass debater . '' If only via a venerating cerebral cortex . I concede in advance to such `` skill . ''
 If this is the future i hope its far off :P all though it was a little bit interesting some parts .
 This book contains so much of what I dislike in would-be literature . It 's awash in generalities , blatantly didactic , guided by facile thought , caked with corny wordplay , and it displays no serious appreciation for language . It 's not even an entertaining read.When it comes to characterization , Huxley is like a cataractous portrait artist who paints with a mop and roller . The inhabitants of the `` Brave New World '' are daubed with such broad , dull strokes that they are essentially mannequins modeling ideas rather than clothes . No character exhibits more than a single character trait , and that trait is always a contrivance . `` But this goes hand-in-hand with Huxley 's message , '' you say . `` He 's trying to make a point . '' Ugh ! Perhaps , but ... Like all dime-store artists and intellectuals , Huxley goes for the generic and general over the specific and particular . Huxley 's sweeping generalizations capture none of the magic that makes each individual 's experience so unique , complex , and interesting ; rather , they reduce human experiences to miniscule variations on simplistic , generic , and monotonous themes . As William Blake emphatically declared , `` To Generalize is to be an Idiot '' -- this epithet fits Huxley to a `` T '' . But , of course , Huxley 's muse traffics in pedantry , not poetry . And , without belaboring the point , Huxley 's socio-political broodings are uniformly and embarrassingly obtuse ; and , his prognostications are no more prophetic than those contained in any horoscope . Regardless , I do n't care for socio-political theorizing in storybook form -- it is both intellectually and artistically lame.Another warning
 A world where nobody is unhappy ... this is supposed to be a bad thing in Huxley 's story . What nonsense.I find it strange that Huxley supposedly had any affinity towards buddhism ... The ultimate goal in buddhism is the ending of suffering ... other things ... freedom , love etc. . . are unimportant next to this . To say that you want to `` keep the right to be unhappy '' -LRB- as one of the characters in the book says -RRB- is the most unbuddhist thing anyone could say ... What stupidity ... taking pride in your ability to be unhappy ...
 This was the worst book that I have ever read ! The way that Huxley wrote the book was awful . He was writing about something that could never happen to our society . Back then he thought that our world would pretty much go to hell and the book portrayed the world that we should be living in today . Nothing that he said made sense . I do n't understand why he would want anyone to live in that weird world that those people had to live in . People should have emotions and actual relationships . No one should be punished like that . I advise you not to read this book , unless you want to fall asleep !! : -RRB-
 Words can not express how unbelievably horrible this book is . I had to read this for school and it was so rediculously immature . I do not reccomaend this to any christian who does not want to put evil discust before their eyes , nor to any non-christian just because it was so horrid . This book is absolutely sick and obviously Huxley had never read theBible . Dont read this book . Its a waste of time .
 I hate this book . It is very poorly written , the story is almost laughable -LRB- `` feelies '' `` orgy-porgy '' WTF -RRB- , the language is dry , etc. etc. i would n't even give it 1 star ...
 OMG ! THIS BOOK -LSB- IS BAD -RSB- ! wow , i think the author was on his on somas when he wrote this cuz it jumped from one thing to another and it really sucked it up ! never read it , its the worst book i have ever EVER read ! ERR ! ...
 While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature , the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes . Thus , it does n't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say , Michael Crichton or Stephen King . Aesthetic standards ca n't be grounded.Thus , do n't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between `` serious '' works of literature like this one and allegedly `` lesser '' novels . The distinction is entirely illusory , because no novels are `` better '' than any others , and the concept of a `` great novel '' is an intellectual hoax.I prefer books with red covers . You may say the color of the book 's cover has nothing to do with it being good , but who are you to dictate what criteria I use to evaluate books . This book does NOT have a red cover , so in the trash it goes .
 this book is horrible ... never read it . first its dull and a little gross but i hate how Huxley actually thought it was similar to the present . the message in the book is people ca n't change . Its probably one of my least favorite books . dont waste your money .
 huxley 's brave new world is a story about the future world and how messed up it will be . ` civilization ' , as it is called in the novel , is all about sacrificing art , love , and beauty for artificial happiness.the plot was slow to pick up from the start -LSB- and , actually , it never did pick up -RSB- and very confusing . it was also a very dirty book and a dark portrayal of the future world . in the novel , all humans are created in embryo factories , babies are hypnotized and given electric shocks , children are taught erotic play , and everyone is constantly high on a drug named soma . the book 's vivid descriptions of sex , drugs , and violence really make you wonder what kind of man huxley was.aside from my personal prejudices , the story itself was pretty lame in that NOTHING HAPPENED . what huxley provided us with was a 300-page description of the `` future '' . not much of a satire and not very witty either .
 This book has many good thought inducing ideas as well as an amazingly provocative plot . The only problem is starting the book and some of the more gnarled chapters . When starting the book you have to get in to the correct frame of mind . The book does not do this for you . My other grievance is with one chapter . The style in which it is written makes the reader work relatively hard to concentrate on what is being said .
 What 's good about it is Huxley 's vision - who cares if it 's plausible or not so plausible , because it 's interesting and vivid , and that 's enough . If you want to evaluate the plausibility of it , fine , but the result has little bearing on the quality of the novel . That said , everything else about `` Brave New World '' is mediocre . The plot seems convinient -LRB- not to mention boring -RRB- , and once a few chapters have passed , Huxley just ceases development of his vision to instead focus attention on characters - who end up being underdeveloped anyway . -LRB- If you have n't read it yet , I still suggest you read it , and judge for yourself . But I would n't buy it . -RRB-
 I found BNW very entertaining , and I was fascinated by Huxley 's technological vision of the future . In a foreword to the book writen 30 years after initial publication , Huxley talks about the scientific/industrial/technological changes he did not envision while writing BNW -- and he mentions that he did not forsee the importance of nuclear fission.Thirty years after Huxley 's belated foreword , his vision of bio-production seems right on the mark -- he foresaw the ethical issues of biotechnology , particularly cloning . But , obviously , computers are completely absent in this vision of the future . Much of the book takes place against a backdrop of what -LRB- to me , today -RRB- seem like `` Dr. Frankenstein '' - type laboratories -- pretty funny.I admire Huxley for trying to envision the future -- it 's a risky thing for an author to do . I do find his portrayal of Native Americans and people of color entirely sterotypical . As for women ... let 's just say the Brave New World is a white male world . It seems to me he simply projected the existing political/sociological structure into the distant future , and I really did not sense that he considered an alternative . It did n't spoil the book for me -- I just thought it was funny that the new world was really so old in that sense . -LRB- Yet with regard to sexual mores -- it was quite different . -RRB- I enjoyed the book and I admire Huxley . But I found the sections of the book in which characters debate happiness and the meaning of the social order to be pretty bombastic , no matter how heartfelt .
 After checking out this book because I 'd heard it compared on the same level as Orwell 's 1984 , Brave New World was a dreadful disappointment . Why people think it 's so great , I 'd really like to know . Maybe I missed something . But to me , it seemed like a great premise that never went anywhere . It completely fizzled and died about 2/3 of the way through . Huxley could n't decide what storyline he wanted to use , and finally picked the silliest , most childish one . He also had trouble figuring out which of his characters was the protagonist . First it was Lenina , then it was her lover -LRB- I forget his name -RRB- , then it was the `` savage '' , and so forth . So , yes , Huxley and Orwell have written books with similar ideas . The only difference between the two is that Orwell carries off his storyline in a mature and captivating manner , like a true writer .
 I do n't understand why Mr. Huxley is so famous . Okay , he has a very strong message , but then , his writing skills are non-existent . This book completely lacks fantasy and originality . As a result , the possible appeal of Mr. Huxley 's ideas is overweighed in a hundredfold by the despise his `` prose '' -LRB- sorry for using this word here ! -RRB- makes you feel . How is one supposed to enjoy the beauty of a wonderful landscape by a scribble of a three-year-old ? Instead of this `` novel '' , Mr. Huxley should have written a short newspaper article titled `` Things I Do n't Like '' . If Mr. Huxley is a writer , anybody who talks is a linguist . Reading this book leaves one perplexed - how could the author voluntarily expose himself to such ridicule ?
 I had read this book as a required reading in college -LRB- many years ago -RRB- and I had forgotten how dismal I thought it was back then . My view has not changed . It give credence to the suggestion that a group of monkies hammering away at a bevy of typewriters could somehow produce a work of this sort . It appears that Huxley simply entered random words on paper as they popped up in his brain -LRB- ? -RRB- . Brave New Worlds , indeed.I would suggest reading Mad Magazine instead .
 Brave New World is boring at the beginning , but it becomes more interesting later . I would n't recommend the book for everyone because it is very suggestive . I am reading it in my senior English class . This book has so much immorality that it should n't be allowed in schools . The book has good points and reveals problems in any society , but that does n't mean that just because it is educational that it should be used in a school setting . I would suggest that if the book would interest someone they may want to read it on their own time , and not for a school class .
 After reading `` 1984 '' twice , with great interest , I was enthusiastic about another wonderfully horrible anti-Utopian novel . But I was really disappointed with BNW , supposedly the fifth greatest modern novel . The science-talk was too bulky and lengthy and very little of it contributed to the story . The characters failed to capture my interest , leaving me totally apathetic toward them and their trials . Their catchphrases -LRB- `` Oh , Ford ! '' and the many subconsciously-learned rhymes especially -RRB- were important to the characterizations but became very annoying after a while . At times the quality of the text dropped notably , well below anything I 'd consider to be of any literary value . Often at these points the characters , events , and time periods involved became very difficult to discern . The plot was interesting but stretched to its absolute limits , laboriously squeezing every last drop out of the concept . Since this is required reading for high school seniors , I had no choice . Had free will been involved , I would have put this away after the first twenty-five pages or so . I do n't understand why this work is acclaimed at all , never mind so highly . But this is of course only my opinion ... please do n't send me any hate-mail .
 Before I begin - there are some epically epic spoilers up in here , so do not read it without taking due notice of what it contains.In short - beware the spoilers.Brave New World is a dreary , pessimistic , disappointing book . It focuses on a discontent man , Bernard Marx , in a world where everyone is content , a man who asks questions and does things that are not socially acceptable , yet in the end , he does nothing.In Brave New World , set in the year 632 After Ford -LRB- 2540 in our world -RRB- almost all of the human population of Earth lives under a system known as the world state , which uses a tightly controlled caste system , predestination for each individual , and brings up children in ways that can only be described as brainwashing . The only ones who live outside the control of the World State are groups of ` savages ' , living in reservation areas like Mexico - or New Mexico , whatever - and the Falkland Islands . I started to hate this book and the society it contains in a scene early in the book , in which infants are presented with books and flowers , and are given non-lethal but nonetheless very painful doses of electricity when they take a positive interest in them.This book presents us with a world that makes me cringe with horror every time I turn a page . A drug called soma takes you on a mental vacation , making you happy - why bother fixing your problems when you can just get high ? - people are born in hatcheries , mother and father are dirty words , Sigmund Freud is Jesus , and Henry Ford is God.I seriously doubt that Henry Ford had ever intended for the world to look like this . The man was ignorant and probably egotistical in some ways , but few men have ever been so madly obsessed with power and their own ego as to seek to replace God with their own name . It may not have even been Ford 's idea , but he still served as an inspiration to the wrong kind of people.But back to our , um , hero , Bernard Marx , an Alpha who is not as happy with the current system as everyone else . He does n't spend every minute of the day in a group of people , and he does n't sleep with every woman in town . He also uses soma much less frequently . He even goes to a village in New Mexico to see the so-called ` savages ' himself , bringing back John the Savage , son of his boss , the Director of Hatcheries , causing him to resign out of shame and humiliation . I would not call Bernard Marx a hero - he has some of the makings of a hero in the story , especially in a work of dystopian fiction ; he feels out of place , asks questions , and God or , um , Ford forbid , he even * thinks * . But what else does he do ? In a nutshell , he acts on his unhappiness , goes to New Mexico , brings back a savage , makes his boss resign , and lives the high life until John and subsequently society reject him for the corrupt , repulsive fellow he is . What kind of hero is that?Fahrenheit 451 , a much better book with a similar featured government and main character , ends with the main character , Guy Montag , escaping the city he lives in and joining a group of people who have entire books memorized , keeping those books safe until the extremely anti-intellectual government is overthrown , and seeing it attacked and destroyed by foreign aircraft with nuclear weapons . Guy Montag , in short , does exactly what Bernard Marx should have done but did not and could not , and the government in Fahrenheit 451 meets the very end that the World State in Brave New World deserved to.But no.The book ends with John the Savage hanging himself after whipping himself and the woman he has become attracted to , and the people of London and myself were briefly united in standing there at the end , wondering just what the point was and why any of it mattered . I can not think of when I have disliked the overall story and ending of a book more .
 So anyways , I picked this book up thinking it would be an interesting tale about the future and totalitarianism . While it was about that , I found it difficult to find a plot . Aldous Huxley kind of rambles for a hundred pages , and then he introduces what then becomes the main character , Mr. Savage . He then quickly wraps it up in a crazy crazy way that was not at all what I expected it to be like . Normally surprises are good , but this was one of the crappiest books I have ever read , good night .
 This science fiction novel seemed to lack the credibility of many other sci-fi books around now . Huxley 's incredibly boring and unrelatable characters gave me the urge to yell `` STOP WHINGING ! ''
 From what i saw of the other reviews this novel is heavily compared to 1984 ... well i must say i absolutely HATED 1984 so for those people who hated 1984 also , this review of this book is for you ! Brave New World is a lot like 1984 both are about controlled societies and both have characters that insist on going against the rules . 1984 was a horrible book , but Brave New World was n't soo bad . It was an intersting read . The first 8 chapters kind of stink , but once you get past them it 's not too bad . . yea i know that 's a lot to get past ! . . the book is n't tooooo bad but it 's still far from great ! I know there is some great message that your supposed to get out of this book , but i did n't really get it ! It was an ok book . . better than 1984 but still do n't read it if you do n't absolutely have to like i did !
 Just kidding . I loved it . Five billion stars all around .
 How entirely this poor man worked his mind , nearest the point of destruction , in order that his idea be translated via pen and paper . It really was a matter of getting past `` We , '' a dystopian novel by Yevgeny Zamyatin . How would Aldous Huxley make it different , his own ? He would n't and he did n't by claiming `` he wrote Brave New World long before he had heard of We . '' Two noted , `` famous '' for those so inclined , novelists called him out on it . To be influenced is not a four letter word , but instead it powers revelations.The novel . Set in the future with a retrograde societal caste system . Alpha , Beta ... really ? How is it that the Grecian alphabet is used in the epoch 632 AF -LRB- after Henry Ford -RRB- ? It is implausible . The baby factory is an allusion to Ford 's car plants and this nod is counter-intuitively turned on its head by the manufacture of inferior babies . Ford , ever , forever , the capitalist , would never stand for such nonsense . And neither will I. Every paragraph , every word in the novel is telegraphed , the pages turn themselves , one knows what to expect.Dystopia , the state and its representation , is more so pandemonium collected and redistributed , again and again to the point where the citizen and reader doubts his sanity . That is of course the role , undisclosed , of all governments , now , in real time . Stand underneath any government building blocking the sun and you are now standing in the shade of vertigo where the Dystopian citizenry flourish.Chris Roberts
 I 've read this book about ten times in my life since my dad gave it to me in Junior High-it is a fantastic book , and the ideas expressed in the book are timely even today . If you ever read one book in your life , this should be the book .
 This book was very poorly written , it 's basically the ramblings of a Christian fanatic who is upset that society has become less religious . He wrote this book by picking everything he disliked about society and then he sent it to the extreme end of things and called it a prediction for the future . For example , because sex was no longer frowned upon as much as it used to be he decided that in the future adults and children would be encouraged to have sex with everyone . This satire was just so poorly conceived , it 's ridiculous . The most annoying part of this book for me was that the only religious book he mentions them banning was the Bible . He did n't bring up another religious text once . It 's clear that the only religious book he cares about people banning is his own , and thats just plain low . It 's not like I 'm just annoyed that he did n't include my religious text , I 'm an atheist so I do n't have one . I just think that he should n't be so obviously hypocritical in his novel . I 'm sure it has to do with the times he lived in as well as him but that still annoyed me . Anyways , do n't waste your time with this man and his nonsense . Read something better .
 This book is supposed to show conern for a utopian society , which apprenly does not involve animals . If there is no science then how are the reasearchers able to come up with new maturing speeds.The story itself is horrible since nothing exciting ever happens and the author does not let the reader wondering whats going to happen next in this situation becuase the end of the book and the beggning of the book are not related that closely . Its as if i was reading the beggning of the book over and over again and nothing ever progressed.To prove a point , this book should onl be read by belivers of a utopian society or people who fear it and can beleive in this one . In other words , no one read this book becuase it is not beleiveable .
 I think this book was not very captavating . It was very boring and put me to sleep every 5 minutes . It 's a good bed time book !
 DEAR READERS , I am writing this review to save you a waste of time , money , and paper . `` The Brave New World '' was given to my honors english class to read . Being a book lover I dove into the book reading the first 3 chapters before the day was out . It was then I found what a perverted , warped mind Aldous Huxley had . The book is about a man named Bernard Marx . Benard lives in a society where almost everyone is genetically engineered in a laboratory . As children they are manipulated to become one of the four social classes
 This boos is so weak , the narrative is so boring , thecharacters are so ridiculous and awkward , that I ca n't understand whatpeople saw in it . There 's no climax , the plot is old cliche in the `` science-fiction '' -LRB- even being written in 1926 -RRB- and people get saying that the book is `` prophetic '' , `` visionnaire '' . . Come on ! IT is just boring . The end is laughable , the character who theoretically fights the organized civilization is also a `` robot '' , because he only says what he read in Shakespeare . Bl&aacute; !
 After people have told me to read this novel several times , I decided to pick it up at the library . The first few pages intrigued me and as the novel progressed I became bored . I absolutely began to become disappointed in the praise that others have offered for it . I quit reading the book 3/4ths of the way through , returning it to the library shelves where it belongs as eye candy for the people who want to say they read it when they have n't . I read it , hated it , returned it . Good use of language but redundant in its explanations.Sorry to all you Huxley fans but I was n't impressed .
 I did n't really enjoy reading this book too much . The main characters were annoying , and the writing style was unnecessarily confusing . The only redeeming quality to the book was the valid and interesting points on civilization as a whole . Many reasonable problems were brought up , and not only brought up , but answered as well . Overall , it is not even close to the best books I 've read , but it is far from the worst .
 Brave New World is a book with several problems , problems which make the book unenjoyable to read . Many of the problems lie in the writing and construction of the `` novel . '' Indeed , we have already hit upon the first of the problems . For Brave New World is clearly an essay , disguised by the thinnest veil as a novel . The story opens with a ten page discussion of what this new world is like , but because it is ostensibly being said by a teacher to students , it comes across as - as it indeed is - a lecture . This technique is employed by Huxley several times throughout the novel , and one is lead to question the control he had over his writing , or the time he spent thinking about how to construct such a story . Although Huxley does begin the novel with interesting literary techniques - the lecture is interspersed throughout with two different plot lines , which do create an interesting plot - he abandons them after the first chapter , and uses the characters only as a medium to show the reader what such a utopian world could be like . The consequences of this decision are obvious
 Try as I might , I just do n't get the appeal of the Utopia/Dystopia genre . With it 's idealistic philosophies and overdrawn characters , it leaves much to be desired by the realist . This book , who 's plot is well known enough that I do not think I need to delve into it here , is very indicative of the whole genre . All of the characters are cardboard cutouts of the denziens of the utopian novel . There 's the bewildered outsider , there 's the one who ca n't accept the system , there 's the one who accepts it whole heartedly , there 's the victim of said society , etc , etc , etc. . Yes , the book does raise important objections to the Totalitarian state and religious fidelity to science , however , these are actually fairly common objections that you do not need to read a 250 page book to figure out . If you loved 1984 , give it a shot I guess . Otherwise , just read some critiques of Communist -LRB- and to a lesser extent , state capitalist -RRB- ideology .
 I really did not like the book . The author got somethings right about things today . But anybody predicting the future gets something right.I was bother by the lack of God in the book .
 While it will be difficult to write anything new or original about the impressions this book leaves , I feel I must try . I just read Brave New World for the first time after it had been highly recommended to me by many people . I 've always been fascinated by stories of dystopian societies quite frankly could n't figure out why I 'd never read it . Well , now I have.The first thing I have to say is that I think this is one of those books people love to love . Not because it 's particularly good but because they think it makes them sound intelligent and it 's a classic . Do n't get me wrong . I went into this with a great attitude . I love books like this . During the first several chapters , where we are introduced to this strange futuristic world where people are `` decanted '' instead of born and `` everyone belongs to everyone else '' as opposed to marrying and having families , I was highly entertained . In my opinion , these chapters were the best out of the whole book . Like many others have said , after such an intriguing beginning I was waiting on the edge of my seat for something to happen , anything at all ... but nothing ever did . Granted , the culture shock situation Lenina and Bernard experience at the Reservation is a globally shared phenomenon and one that is relevant to everybody . The same can be said of John Savage 's experiences when he visits the `` civilized '' world . The frustration , caused by irreconcilable misunderstandings and felt by characters on both ends of the situation , was for me both profound and cautionary ... for about five minutes . Beyond that I felt completely dissatisfied.My major problems stemmed from two main sources
 While going through my stack of unread books this summer I noticed that I still had a copy of this book from High School , at the moment I am two semesters from graduating from college . So , I figured I should read it as I am an English major and most English majors have read this book.Why I bothered I do not know.The plot to this book was poorly executed , the characters were weak and I just did n't really care.Instead I suggest `` 1984 '' by Orwell or `` We '' by Zamyatin , if you are interested in this topic . Especially `` We '' as it was written before either or these two books and is my personal favorite , but is tragically ignored .
 Let me start with my main peeve about this work
 I found that the idea behind a Brave New World was intresting , but the book itself was pretty boring . Brave New World is a lot like 1984 . For example it dealt with society in the feature and described a totalatarian government . Except in Brave New Wold there is not much of a story line and you never get to know the characters . The whole book is pretty much just describing how their society is run . Another poroblem I found with this book is that there is never a climax and nothing exciting happens . I was pretty disappointed after reading because it had the potential to be so much better .
 This book was very confusing for me . It started out very slow and didnt introduce the main characters till the middle of the book . It reminds me of the book `` 1984 '' . It takes place in the future and most everyone is under control ecept for the people with free minds live on resirvations . They keep the people under control with a drug called `` soma '' . It drugs them so they dont know whats going on . I do not recommend this book to anyone -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Well , what can I say ? 2 stars only and probably a lot of reasons why . In the beginning I think it took too long to get to the story . Maybe the beginning is meant to explain the world the events take place in . But it did not work for me . Then the book reached a part where I felt things were starting to happen , characters to follow were introduced . . But there was not one character you could 've followed through the hole story . And that is something I think I would 've needed here . I did not really care what happened to the characters.I really like the idea of the story though ! The world as so different than what it 's like really . I think if the world would 've been introduced while introducing characters and the story going forward , I would really have liked this book . But not every book is suitable for everyones ' tastes , so this one just was not meant for me . There were parts where I really got into it but they were too short for me to stay excited . Sci-fi for me can only work so often .
 Extremely boring in many stretches . Really , it 's more an exposition of a future possible state , with archetypes instead of characters , and long , highly technical descriptions of factories and flying machines . Do n't look for subtle emotions or subtle anything here - I guess that was n't the point.For a dystopian novel , I 'd highly recommend Orwell 's 1984 instead.But two stars for Brave New World 's prescience and the obvious smarts of its author , and that affecting scene of the conditioning of the Delta babies -LRB- poor things ! -RRB- . Lastly , I am surprised this is required reading for many English classes - it could really turn off students to dystopian literature .
 This book is excellent and i highly recommend that everyone read this classic but this version is missing pages . Buy a different version !!
 How do you ruin a book on the future involving :1 -RRB- the future2 -RRB- sex3 -RRB- drugsWhy by being the most boring book ever and going ape over :1 -RRB- Shakespeare2 -RRB- religious nonsenseThis book had many , many good ideas that COULD have made for a very thought provoking and entertaining read , but a plot is never fleshed out and there is no character development . Unfortunately , it was utterly UN-entertaining on every level ! It 's good -LRB- ideas -RRB- till they go to the Savage Reservation then it completely nose-dives into BORING !!! Ideas without a story . I recommend reading the first ~ 25 % of the book then lighting it on fire .
 Huxley made a great setting . That 's about all that 's great . The novel had no plot and little character development . It 's definitely not worth reading by choice . I think that a better writer could have developed the first few chapters into a wonderful storyline given the chance .
 Brave New World has many thought-provoking ideas . To dream up an utopia in Huxley 's time is genious , but the story is not . I read this story for eighth grade , and though it had some things that i 'm sure no one had ever thought of before then , they have now . It 's not good enough to have a good ides , you have to write well , too .
 The novel Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is about an English utopian society in the future . The main characters are one of 96 clones just like themselves , and the novel guides the reader through their everyday lives . Huxley introduces some interesting concepts and ideas , but the text lacks flavor.The tiresome novel slowly drags on discussing the differences between their culture and that of today . There is no distinct storyline to engulf the reader 's desire turn the pages , and it has a dry personality . Huxley declines to develop his characters and they lack a certain realistic dimension.There is n't an identifiable incline , climax or decline of the novel . Turning the pages is like drudging through a marshy swamp . Its dull continuation of information is n't intriguing , however the thought that this type of society may someday consume our world does open up the reader 's mind to a shocking truth.The novel is well written , but is n't recommended for people under the age of fifteen due to many adult topics and concepts within . It is directed toward people interested in expanding their imagination about possible future societies , but does n't have the action and suspense to keep the pages turning , so do n't be disappointed .
 The writer created a new style . It is not futuristic
 I thought this book was boring and pointless . I was forced to read it for school , and I hated every minute of it
 Your worst nightmare.Look into the eyes of a gridlocked friend.Do you need soma -LRB- sic -RRB- ?
 The Great Idea that spawned this book is visionary and intelligent and hampered by Aldous Huxleys ' anti-American ideals.I found that the first few chapters of the book consisted of the author trying -LRB- successfully though boringly -RRB- to persuade us of the world he was creating and at the same time trying -LRB- and failing dismally -RRB- to include storyline and character developement.The author was evidently an intelligent man with great ideas but I , personally , want more than that from my reads.Huxley was influenced by Anti-American friends and two ` trips ' -LRB- not holidays -RRB- to America to confirm his suspicians about the ` New Power ' taking the rest of us down the slippery slope of classless mass production.I say that AH was an intellectual , creatively barren , snob who cared more about maintaining his sheltered middle-class England and not about the lower classes.He also tried and failed to make it in Hollywood , the critics now say that he was ` too intelligent ' for hollywood but , after reading BNW , I suspect he just was n't creative enough-for all his great ideas and I suspect the resentment from being judged wanting by such a faction is a main reason for his political bent .
 i really enjoyed 1984 , so i figured BNW was another book i 'd like . sadly , i did n't enjoy it . dystopia novels just may not be my thing .
 This novel is flawed about the science and the people . It portrays the male characters poorly . Not recommended for scientists and writers .
 A decent book , but compared to 1984 , this book was not that good . Orwell 's 1984 was much more enjoyable to read whereas , at times , I felt lost with Brave New World . The line between protagonist and antagonist seemed blurred throughout this book until the end . Perhaps I should read it again to better understand the plot , but overall , I thought 1984 was a better read .
 This book is entirely too wordy . As great of an author as Aldous Huxley is ... he bogged this book down with every word in the english language . I 'm no scholar or human encyclopedia , but I 'm far from a moron . After learning the reasoning behind Jim Morrison 's band name selection , &#34; The Doors &#34; , I found myself researching Aldous Huxley 's &#34; The Doors of Perception . &#34; This was put into action because Jim Morrison was all about experimental drug usage and his decisions in life and poetry selections were due in part to many of his readings from Aldous Huxley 's books . I thought &#34; Brave New World &#34; may live up to the hype , but I was wrong . I 'm sure there 's plenty of overly positive reviews on this book , but I 'll let you be the judge .
 BNW a novel with many labels
 There are some deep themes and fascinating characters in this book , but no real plot until about halfway through . It 's about an `` idyllic '' world where the people are made in laboratories and are programmed to like this , do that . No more individualism , but society only . Be happy with your caste . Let your urges go free . Well enough , thought-provoking -- except that the book skips from scene to scene , character to character , and it seemed as if Huxley was trying too hard to depict his `` creepy '' new world . Just did n't live up to its accolades .
 Having seen reviews that this would be a very depressing novel I bought it and started reading , but the only depressing about it was the unengaging content . One of the very few books I quit reading mid-way through.Can not recommend .
 Having heard mostly good things about the book - I gave it a shot . The story line was confusing , none of the characters were terribly interesting and the whole plot was rather random , if I do say.To be honest I read the book about a year and I remember little - it was that forgettable . I do remember at the time wondering if it would ever just end - I did finish the book -LRB- I never just put down a book because I always tend to get invested just enough to wonder if the good part is coming soon -RRB- . I do remember the letdown of nothing interesting or insightful ever coming.While I 've certainly read worse , unfortunately , I can not recommend the book to others . I 'm not saying it 's a bad book - certainly many other readers and reviewers have enjoyed this book much more than I have . It just goes to show the varying degrees of human interest .
 The beginning is like swimming up current ; the reader has to kind of force his/her way into the story , which is made hard by the boring torrents of Huxley 's writing style and I often found myself wishing I 'd be lodged under a rock to drown in the river that is this book , to just die there and be free from the thoughts that spill into these pages . But , I make it a point to always finish a book , and surprisingly , at times I found myself captivated in the story . The first few chapters make this book hard to get into , but , on the bright side , it picks up a little and there are some beautifully written descriptions that erase my regret for ever picking up this book . However , if you are impatient or easily bored , you wo n't make it far . If you want a story that 'll captivate you from the first page , do n't even bother with this book . Try `` The Alchemist . ''
 The ` Foreword ' explains why this novel was not rewritten to get rid of its faults
 Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a Utopian society in the year a.f `` after ford '' 632 universal human happiness has been achieved . No one is sad and the happiness is shared equally . No matter what the person does for a living , their happy . Here everyone takes daily grams of soma , to fight depression , babies are born in laboratories , and the most popular form of entertainment is a `` Feelie , '' a movie that stimulates the senses of sight , hearing , and touch . Soma is basically Prozac , but people take it very often to stay happy . There is no violence and everyone is provided for in this Utopian society . When people are born or cloned they are immediately given their future . They have no family , and marriage does not exist . The future depends on what they look like , if they are normal or not . Ranging from the super-intelligent Alpha Pluses down to the dwarfed semi-moron Epsilons . Each class is conditioned to love its type of work and its place in society ; for example , Epsilons are happy running elevators . Outside of their work , people spend their lives in pleasure like playing in sports , and ... Love , marriage , and parenthood are viewed as obscene . The main characters are John who is the son of the Director -LRB- who runs Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre -RRB- and Linda his wife . The story mainly concerns Bernard Marx , a man who does n't quite fit into a strictly controlled world . He is an Alpha , but he is still not content He takes Lenina -LRB- a woman who is a vaccination worker at the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre -RRB- for a vacation in New Mexico , where they meet the Savage . Bernard brings back the Savage into the society for his own reasons , and the last half of the book deals with the Savage entering the new world.Although this novel is Huxley 's most popular novel I 'd have to say the novel was a hard read and was a scientific novel , dealing with make-believe drugs and the society . For me , scientific novels are n't the types of books I like to read . I thought this book was hard to understand and follow.I would recommend this book to people who like to read scientific-fiction . It 's a hard read with difficult English . I do n't rate this book very high - I rate it ; two stars out of five . This may or may not be the book for you !
 After being stimulated to read this book while reading the notes to George Orwell 's 1984 -LRB- which , incidentally , is completely different from BRAVE NEW WORLD -RRB- , I found myself vastly let down . The intentionally flippant tone works for some people , but it detracts from the heavy/academic/philosophical themes , which , in this case , are actually quite good -LRB- which is why I even give it two stars -RRB- . The criticism Huxley received from his contemporaries -- that he is the typical Oxford playboy-gentleman who seems far removed from his ideas -- are valid . While one reads the book , one gets the feeling that Huxley is playing a little game -- immensely enjoying himself by playing around with these essentially lofty ideas . His metaphors are self-consciously pretentious . For example , the whole idea of the Savage picking up a book of Shakespeare and somehow intrinsically understanding it , only later to spout off passage after passage , is shamelessly implausible . Metaphors should be subtle and smooth in such a way that the reader `` forgets '' that he 's actually reading a book , but so many of Huxley 's are too blatant that they beome intrusive and insulting . The running `` ford '' joke , I thought , seemed clever at first , but , like any joke , it wore out and became irratating after I read it on almost every page . For a man of such education and intelligence , it is surprising that he could write such a potentially good novel so poorly.In the final analysis , if someone is only mildly interested in serious social topics , this book is for that person ; it is funny -LRB- at times -RRB- and well-written -LRB- at fewer times -RRB- and exhibits some intriguing ideas -LRB- again , at times -RRB- . But this book is not the `` great work '' that so many who buy into any author who would attack the progression of Western civilization make it out to be .
 This book is often cited as being ` like ' and ` equal to ' Orwell 's Nighteen Eighty Four in terms of dystopian classic . While the book was undoubtedly earth-shattering for its time , I 'm afraid compared to the timeless compelling masterpiece of Nighteen Eighty Four I found this one dated and irritating . I was just happy when the irritating main characters met their untimely ends and unlike the protagonist of 1984 I felt no compelling point had been made by the deaths .
 I found that the idea behind a Brave New World was intresting , but the book itself was pretty boring . Brave New World is a lot like 1984 . For example it dealt with society in the feature and described a totalatarian government . Except in Brave New Wold there is not much of a story line and you never get to know the characters . The whole book is pretty much just describing how their society is run . Another poroblem I found with this book is that there is never a climax and nothing exciting happens . I was pretty disappointed after reading because it had the potential to be so much better .
 It might be easy to spot what aspects of our society Huxley is satirising , in his heavy-handed way , and take THEM seriously ; but it 's impossible to take Huxley 's society seriously . He undercuts his own earnest world-building in order to get a cheap laugh . Worse , he leaves out crucial details which might give us some clue as to what 's going on . That we are n't told whether or not Huxley 's Brave New People are really happy , is fair enough . That we are n't even told enough to be able to deduce whether or not they are happy is inexcusable
 BRAVE NEW WORLD is Aldous Huxley 's rather grim -LRB- though nowhere near as grim as Orwell 's -RRB- picture of a far-off future , one where babies are decanted from a bottle and conditioned through sleep education and Pavlovian techniques to be completely satisfied with their class and occupation ; where the rulers rule by granting every wish ; and where every battle in the sexual revolution has been fought and won . But even in this idyllic world , there are occasional malcontents , and Bernard Marx is one . Either through an accident in the test tube , or some other twist of fate , he does not quite fit in with his Alpha plus brothers and sisters , and like so many others in a like frame of mind , his inferiority complex pushes him to grab for leverage in a society that treats him like an outcast.It 's doubtful that a synopsis for BRAVE NEW WORLD is really necessary after all this time ; besides , it is n't the particulars that are important so much as the ideas . Huxley 's contribution to the dystopian pantheon is n't crammed full of dire warnings about secret police and an iron-fisted ruler governing by fear - on the contrary , the citizens of this world are herded and corralled with the cattle-prod of happiness . Drugs , sex , and hypnotic conditioning create a society that is completely satisfied with itself.I first read BRAVE NEW WORLD as a teen-ager , and I seem to remember liking it quite a bit , but at that time , I was probably pretty keen on the idea of a free love society such as the one Huxley built . Re-reading all these years later , I was surprised at how little of that admiration remained . My first thought was that while the novel may have been ground-breaking when it was first published , it has n't aged well -LRB- or , perhaps , I have n't aged well . One or the other , I suppose . -RRB- But in the Harper Perennial Classic edition that I have , there is an uncredited afterward that describes the initial reaction from critics that BRAVE NEW WORLD provoked . It says that ` the majority of reviewers dismissed -LRB- it -RRB- as weak in plot and characterization , shallow , mechanical in structure , and monotonous in tone . In dismissing the book , it was n't that many critics failed to understand what point Huxley was making , but rather that they did not find his point relevent , insightful , alarming , or particularly original . ' That about sums up how I felt about it , all these years later .
 I still have not received this book ... i had to go buy a new one since i have not received it and need it for 01/15/2012 latest for school .
 I did n't have high expectations for the condition of this book , still I was a bit disapointed . It was worn and also had someones name written across the bottom end of book pages . I do n't ever buy paperbacks but could n't find a hard cover . The book was very cheap though and probably a fair price .
 The books first chapter is an amazing and truely thought provoking on that all people should read and consider if we are in fact moving towards it . But from there on out it 's pretty much crap . The story is uninteresting and seemingly pointless , containing far to many coincidental events .
 I did not like this book . It had a few interesting elements but the concepts are a little `` out there . '' I would not recommend this book to anyone unless they had nothing else to read . I did not even finish the book .
 Huxley 's Brave New World is a story about the future world and how bad things our in their ` civilization ' . Everything deals with how to get as many clones as they can , sex , and artificial happiness.The beginning of the book was very slow , but then so was the whole book . I never could understand what Huxley was trying to portray with all the recreational sex and artificial happiness , which was achieved by taking a pill supplement . By writing about the future , as he characterizes it , he is telling us about how dark and disgusting the world might be in the future . Something must be wrong with him if he thinks this is how the world will turn out.I give this book 1.1 stars out of 5 .
 I have been a voracious reader for 54 years ... since I was 3 years old and I think that this is one of the WORST books that I have ever read . I only read it because it was required reading by my daughter in high school and I had never read it . I still ca n't figure out why the school system would want teenagers to read that indiscriminate sex and taking drugs is the preferred state of existence . I certainly do n't think that they would understand that subliminal message about not rebelling against authority or you will die.Take it off the list . It will make teenagers quit reading .
 When you are lead to believe by by society that this novel is `` Chilling ... that he gave us the the dark side of genetic engineering in 1932 is amazing '' and then you waste your time reading 259 pages of this unidirectional story line , bombarded with a repertoire of stale characters , and uninspired literature . It leaves you longing for a few grams of Soma . There is not one character that has any level of depth , that you can become attached to . It is horribly written , the play on words with the ford and the god annoyed me the first few times but by the 6Th and 7Th it became nauseating . That whole part about the top of the crosses being cut off and becoming T 's because of Henry ford , really ?? what is the point ?? And is this really the worst you can do with a novel about a futuristic Utopian society controlled by a single person called the Director . A society where you have movie theaters whose movies are so immersing that you actually feel what is going on . everything is in order no one is sad and there is no despair no violence , You can have any woman you want ! I wish i lived in Huxley 's appalling world , how much grief i could have been saved if all the beautiful women that have turned me down in my life would have said yes by just inviting them to a round of space golf . And who can forget the climax of the book when John and the director finally meet and they have their big showdown discourse . John crys out why did we lose Shakespeare and God and the director answers because it is not stable and it is old does not apply to society now . The whole discourse is laughable so you mean to tell me in order for to me to be eternally happy , never grow old or sick all , and have all the women I want all I have to do is give up Shakespeare and a being that i have never met and only know from books and no one has seen . . Where do I Sign up ! so to all those who say this book is `` Chilling '' i say to reconsider and call it `` Spilling '' the spilling of countless minutes wasted , the spilling of wasted ink on countless wasted papers , and the spilling of my expectations for this abominable book .
 I met a friend at the library every month and we read the same book together like a small book club , so when we decided to read Brave New World I was excited because I always wanted to read this Unfortunately I was disappointed with it and I did n't enjoy this at all , and had I not made a commitment to reading the book I most likely would have not finished it.I did feel that the it was well written and I 'm in awe of how much of what the author wrote in the early 1930s as fiction has become fact in the present . What I did n't like about the book was the use of drugs and how drug use was considered normal and how children was encouraged to play sexual games . My only complaint with the writing of this book is with the character of Bernard . I thought that he would be the character to rebel against the system but he seemed to sell out at the end.I guess science fiction is n't my genre and I would n't recommend this book to anyone who felt the same .
 This had the potential to be a good book and Huxley certainly was n't a bad writer for his day , but his main purpose in this book seems to be to get a message out , and I 'm not sure I can buy that message . Basically the thesis is that it 's good to be unhappy . The main characters are sick that this world has no unhappiness and they want the right to be unhappy . I can not understand this since I would rather be happy than not . If this was just a satire about an immoral modern society , then I could understand . His predictions certainly are not too far off the map . If you are curious , try this book , but personally I did not find it enlightening .
 Reading textbooks is not how a lot of people learn best . This book contains too few real-life examples and could not hold my attention . The sections of the book I was able to stay awake through were generally common sense topics that people should know if they have been in the web industry for more than 1 month .
 I usually love O'Reilly - I 've never bought a book of theirs that I did n't find occasion to go back to for some reason at some point before this book . Most O'Reilly books have info that you can reference when your actually working on a project - this book does n't even prepare you for discussing the task intellegently . Granted , if this were not an O'Reilly book I would have given it 2 stars , but I have higher expectations from O'Reilly . An example of what I found incredibly frustrating about the book follows . I expected the section called `` Designing Elegant Navigation Systems '' -LRB- the last section in the chapter `` Designing Navigation Systems '' -RRB- to contain advice about what to include in the navigation system and suggestions for designing navigation systems . I got one page of babeling that included sentances like `` Based on the hierarchy , you will be able to select key pages -LRB- or types of pages -RRB- that shoudl be accessible from every other page on the web site . '' At no point to they suggest what sorts of pages should be accessible . They do n't mention the ones that should be obvious
 I have never written reviews but I was so inspired by my distaste for this book that I could not resist . The content in this book might be helpful but the mediocre writing skills of the authors made it impossible to read . The grammar was of a sub-high school level and yielded confusing sentences . The writing style was also very unprofessional thus undermining the credibility of the authors . This one really made the O'Reilly reptutation drop a notch for me . What a catastrophe !
 The stuffs in this book could have been presented in 100 pages instead of 500 pages ! Sad that is a book about information architecture .
 I do n't know if it was just me but I did n't get the point of the book . The authors mainly introduced a bunch of concepts but they did n't do anything with them . It also seemed like the book was used for telling us why IAs are so great . I agree but I did n't buy the book for that . Disappointing since I was looking forward to reading the book .
 For a book on Information architecture to be useful it can either present new ideas or it can present old ideas in a systematic manner.I am sorry to say , but this book does not neither . No new information is presented and no attempt is made to systematize the knowledge . The book is best characterized as a monologue , with lots of repetitions and banalities , and no adequate final summary.It is , perhaps , of some value for the complete novice on web design , to show that web design can be dealt with rationally , but then again , the chances that novice designers have to deal with large websites is extremely low.There is therefore no reason to buy this book.I give it two stars because it is well written and not incoherent . But why it was written , I do n't know .
 This book may be OK if you 've just been put in charge of an intranet and have never used the web before . If you have spent more than a week surfing the internet in your life , you will feel , as I did , that this book states and restates the blindingly obvious ad nauseum . I actually failed to finish this book , I found it so terribly dry and unenlightening . Another thing that really bugs me about it is that the authors pose question after question , but never really supply an answer . Sometimes they make tentative suggestions that this-may-work-then , but never many good examples . They also reference screenshots of one little area of a given website , but this does n't work because -LRB- if you believe the basic premise of the book -RRB- a website is a coherent item , not a distinct set of pages . Therefore highlighting specific elements of a website out of context is meaningless . Better spend your time surfing the web and thinking for yourself why some sites work and some do n't .
 I 'm quarter way through this book . Some things have been pleasing , like reading that they find flashing gifs everywhere annoying , and I use these to show my clients that my original gut-feeling was right -LRB- they had a few and I said ` lose them ' -RRB- . But really its like applied common sense . Of course people like the powerful facilities at hand etc. . I found most of what I 'm reading covered on two twenty minute chats with Drue Miller on webmonkey radio
 I am in the middle of reading through this book for the second time , trying to find something that is n't common knowledge . If you are completely new to web navigation design you might benefit from this book , but the authors do not present a coherent methodology . In fact , I have found navigation design information on the web to be vastly superior to the authors ' ideas . Information Architecture is an incredibly misleading title , the guts of the book deal only in mainstream navigation ideas . The authors simply summarize information that is readily available and completely avoid any innovative ideas or future directions of web site design . Bottom line , do n't waste $ 20 on this book .
 I 'm a developer building a company-internal website and I 'm struggling to organize all the information it will contain . I bought this book hoping to ease that struggle . What I found is for a technical person like me , this book was so useless that it has compelled me to write my first Amazon review in years.I planned to read it cover to cover . After 50 pages I realized that I have n't really read anything at all yet . So far it 's been ridiculously verbose , rambling , and content-free . So I gave up and started skimming.I could n't find much better in the remaining pages . Page after page of touchy-feely gobbledygook that has not helped me organize information at all.There are more useless diagrams in this book than I 've ever seen before . For example , the term `` synonym ring '' is defined as a group of words with the same meaning . Does it really take a diagram with a bunch of arrows in a circle to explain that ? -LRB- Figure 9-2 -RRB- To explain the concept of equivalence we have another diagram
 This is a good primer on Information Architecture . But I get the feeling that these guys decided just to knock off after 150 pages . That was easier than contending with the knotty implications of all the conflicting structural imperatives that IAs deal with day in and day out.Given that the authors work at nothing but Information Architecture , I sincerely hope that they have a far greater depth of knowledge than this book conveys.Mostly , the message that rings through this brochure is
 Although this book does provide a nice overview of the field of IA , it provided me with very little useful information in regards to advanced IA techniques and practices . The few bits of useful information that I found we 're sandwiched between pages upon pages of common sense , no-brainer techniques.If your a beginner in the fields , or an outsider hoping to learn about IA , perhaps you might benefit from this book . If you 've been in the industry for awhile , I 'd suggest getting your IA info from a better source . Information Architecture
 I expected more from Peter.The book shows that many still do n't know what an information architecture is and how to use it .
 Lot of text , nicely written , easy read , finished the book in one hour.Not much usefulGained almost nothing from the book . where can I get my money back ?
 In general , this book contains some useful yet common sense information . This book is more about how to become a talker than a worker . I read through and found the first half confirmed my experience and the second half is a bust . If you want to become an office politician , this is a must have .
 Ugh , where to begin ? As others have written before me , there are so many basic errors in this book that I wonder at the author 's `` research . '' If he had spent more time getting the facts straight instead of pretending to know what Gene Kelly was thinking during the AFI tribute , then this book may not be the shambles we readers have had to endure . As I was reading , finding the errors actually became a game for me . I would sit there with my book and pen and paper , just daring Yudkoff to pitch out another mistake . Here are the ones I found
 I have my own personal barometer to indicate whether or not a book is second-rate -LRB- or worse -RRB- . I start counting the typos , and when I hit `` five , '' I officially distrust the author/editors . I hit five by the third chapter and knew I was in for a bumpy ride . This author should have concentrated on spell-checking and fact-checking , rather than obsessing with his thinly veiled , homophobic assertions -LRB- as mentioned by another reader , his repeated reference to `` Leo McCrary '' nearly made me hurl the book across the room ! -RRB- . This really was a maddening read , and it is hardly the biography that the great Gene Kelly deserves . Makes one even sadder to ponder that Kelly 's own autobiography was lost when his house burned down in the 80 's . That would have been a helluva read .
 I just bought the new bio and have to be honest
 I 'm up to page 185 , and fully intend to finish the whole book , but I thought I 'd look it up here at Amazon.com to see if I could learn anything about the author 's credentials -- the paperback offers none -- and , also , see how other readers had felt about the book . For me , it started strong with the Pittsburgh material and New York days , the formative years of Kelly 's life with which I was so unfamiliar . But the deeper I 've gotten into the book , the more I 've discovered such careless mistakes -LRB- see the other Reader Reviews -RRB- that I ca n't help but worry about the veracity in the earlier passages as well . -LRB- Incidentally , one whopper which no one else has mentioned is that Yudkoff completely reverses the production sequence of THE PIRATE and EASTER PARADE , which in turn leads to many misstatements of fact . -RRB- I was willing to tolerate the infamous AFI interior monlogues -- at least , unlike Reagan 's biographer , Yudkoff did n't attempt to pass himself off as one of Kelly 's dancing partners -- but by this point in the book I 'm finding myself very annoyed with all the sloppy mistakes . And now , thanks to the Reader Reviews , I see that Yudkoff is going to leave me in the lurch after 1952 , which is frankly infuriating . And , yes , disappointing.POSTSCRIPT
 The author tries , but fails , to adequately tell Gene Kelly 's life story . There are so few materials on the life and career of Kelly that this book was eagerly anticipated by his fans . Unfortnately , this one does n't make the grade . In his `` novel '' approach , the author attempts to crawl inside Kelly 's mind as he sits watching the American Film Institute Awards in the 1980s . He thinks Kelly 's thoughts and presents them to readers , as though he inhabits a secret corner of the choreographer/dancer 's mind and is literally giving us `` the inside scoop '' on how Kelly felt about his life , career , and relationships . He also invites himself into closed door sessions -LRB- where he could n't possibly have known what was being said between Kelly and Mayer , Kelly and Betsy Blair , Kelly and Jeanne Coyne , Kelly and Donen , etc. -RRB- . The result is half novel/half biography , all failure . When the author finally does climb out of Kelly 's mind back into the reality of the dancer 's life , he does n't get all of his facts straight . In one instance he reports that Vera Ellen saluted Kelly at the American Film Institute Awards . If so , she did it from the netherworld . Ellen had been dead for several years by the time of the AFI awards.For some odd reason writers have a hard time writing about Kelly and doing it well . Perhaps it is because Kelly 's life is devoid of serious scandel ; there is nothing scurrilous on which to hang juicy rumors . Let 's hope , then , that Kelly 's widow , Pat Ward , will soon release the biography that Kelly , himself , was working on the last few years of his life . Then we 'll REALLY know what Kelly was thinking , and not have to rely upon second-hand Kelly-think .
 This is a postscript to my review titled `` The Book Who Could n't Dance . '' For me , the last straw comes on Page 218 , when Yudkoff botches his description of the `` Singin ' in the Rain '' number . It 's one thing for Yudkoff to botch the numbers in LIVING IN A BIG WAY , which after all is a fairly obscure film -- though NOT impossible to view -- but to botch the most famous Kelly number in SINGIN ' IN THE RAIN , the most famous Kelly film of all time ?! Well , how can you trust ANYTHING in the book after that ?
 I 'm currently only up to page 175 , and for the first time in recent memory , I 'm giving up on a book . I 've wasted way too much time on this piece of utter garbage . I have to thank the other knowledgeable and discerning reviewers here on Amazon for making me realize that there 's just no point in continuing with this thing.From what I 've actually managed to get through , it 's clear that Yudkoff is many things , but , first and foremost , he 's a bad writer . No , strike that
 Dear lord ! Does this man have no shame ? How can he possibly know what THE MAN was thinking in all those intimate moments in his life . Only once in a while he writes `` must have felt '' or `` possibly he felt like '' but for the rest Alvin Yudkoff just plain froces his own opinions into the book . That is , to say the least , HORRIBLY ANOYING ! And this is n't the only bad part of this book . To make it a true catastrophy he does n't even bother with the last half of Gene Kelly 's life . AND he uses Clive Hirschhorn 's work as a safety to keep his own afloat . What a rip-off ! Alvy , Dear , how do you sleep at night ? I ca n't belive anyone claiming to be someones fan could write so carelessly about this person 's life . You just ca n't do this to people . Ladies and gentlemen , I very VERY strongly advise you to stay far away from this terrible waste of perfectly good paper . And if you really insist on reading it , just go to a librarie it 's definetly not worth the purshase price . P.S.
 I totally agree with K. Cooley 's review . I 'm halfway through reading the bio and glad I borrowed it and did n't buy it . His `` poetic license '' usage is absurd . He should have written a novel with GK as main character . To brazenly write supposed thoughts of Gene Kelly is ridiculous . How could anybody say this is a great or even good bio of the man ? I might look for the Hirschhorn book and get some factual information on this talented guy , Gene Kelly . I doubt I would ever read another book written by Alvin Yudoff .
 The most startling thing about this book is that it actually got published . It would be an understatement to say Alvin Yudkoff is not a legitimate biographer . It 's been a few months since I read this book but I seem to recall that there were little to no primary sources . The bulk of the book is Yudkoff 's use of quotes from other written sources which undermines Yudkoff credibilty as a real biographer.The author hangs his tenuous narrative on what he imagines Gene Kelly is thinking as he sits through his AFI tribute . Yudkoff , in turn , takes enormous license . These `` memories '' are the basis to go back in time to begin the history of Kelly 's life . Yudkoff never acknowledges that his narrative is anything but fact . Kelly comes across as a bitter and negative man if we 're to believe the imaginary narrative the author has created . Yudkoff refers to Kelly 's dislike of Cary Grant . The only reason this might be , Yudkoff tells us , is because Grant questioned the validity of Kelly 's relationship with his first wife , Betsy Blair . This is never backed-up with a passage or quote from anyone . Is Yudkoff now claiming the same capability with Grant , that he can read his mind as well?Reading this book I found myself asking
 The amazing life , incredible talent , and legend of Gene Kelly deserve better than the sour and amateurish treatment received in this work of biography slash fiction . Whether it 's the condescending image of an aging and embittered has-been that the author tries to spoon feed us in his presumptuous narration of Kelly 's thoughts during the AFI 's Lifetime Achievement Awards ceremony or the total lack of heart and detail given to the last half of Kelly 's life , this book is a one star tribute to a talentless writer and an inept editor . It is certainly not an unbiased , in-depth biography of Gene Kelly 's life and personality . At the very least , the book should have been more aptly subtitled , `` The Childhood and Glory Days of . '' The achievements of Kelly 's post SITR and AAIP years , his family life and the selfless devotion to his young children after the death of his beloved wife , Jeanne Coyne are curiously ignored as the author spins us through the last four decades of Kelly 's life in a rapid-fire and depressing mix of debatably failed artistic endeavors , severed professional relationships , and disillusionment . Hardly a fitting or realistic summation of the incredibly full life , charm , and joie de vivre of one of the twentieth century 's greatest and most interesting talents . If Mr.Yudkoff `` supposes '' himself to be a biographer , he `` supposes erroneously . ''
 I have never read such an atrocity in my entire life . This `` biography '' by Alvin Yudkoff is filled with so much inaccuracy and conjecture I started marking the pages where I could prove his information was wrong . There were at least a hundred post it notes by the time I was done . I even turned it into a paper for my film class - proving how inaccurate this biography is . I got an A. All the proof you need is to watch any of Gene Kelly 's movies , read his ex-wife Betsy Blair 's autobiography , or read Clive Hirschhorn 's biography . Yukoff even took direct quotes from Hirschhorn 's book and twisted them around to suit his own agenda . Unlike Yudkoff , Hirschhorn DID personally interview Kelly and his friends.And it was so maddening to read while Yudkoff purported to know direct conversations between Kelly and his family and friends , or the thoughts running through Kelly 's head while at the AFI celebration of his work . I ca n't figure out why someone who claims to be a fan would churn out such drivel and paint the fabulous Gene Kelly as a horrible person who thinks he 's better than everyone . I have read other biographies of Debbie Reynolds , Stanley Donen , and Betty Garrett and I am not fooling myself into thinking Kelly was n't fallible . I realize he had drive that was hard for other people to take , but NO ONE else painted him out as mean just to be mean . Just as a man dedicated to his craft . Yudkoff should never have written this book of lies .
 I 'm going to second -LRB- third , fourth , etc. -RRB- the comments about the technique used in this book . To pretend to know what Gene Kelly was thinking during the AFI awards night is misleading at best . There was quite an uproar with the Reagan biography `` Dutch '' because its author inserted himself in the book and fictionalized conversations , etc. . I kept thinking about that as I read this book . It 's true , as some others have stated , that Yudkoff probably based these `` thoughts '' on things Kelly said in other interviews or contexts . That does n't excuse the his attempts to claim these were Kelly 's actual thoughts , reactions , and emotions . I truly think this is an unforgivable technique . Another customer reviewer mentioned the style used in a Masters/Ph . D thesis -LRB- and was happy it * was n't * used here -RRB- . My thought is that anyone writing such a thesis would never have been allowed to create thoughts and conversations to illustrate his/her points/assumptions about his/her subject . Why was Yudkoff allowed to do so by his editor -LRB- s -RRB- ? I also have to agree with others who believe that more time should have been given to the latter part of Kelly 's life . Or , alternatively , the author should have dropped the last few pages and stated from the outset that the book deals only with a specific period of Kelly 's life . If Kelly could somehow read this book , I wonder what his reaction would be to having the last forty years or so of his life dismissed as being so unimportant and bereft of significance that they warranted a mere thirty pages.The lack of direct quotes from the author 's own interviews , and especially the lack of quotes from people closest to Kelly , makes me wonder what support Yudkoff had for this book , and , more importantly , WHY he got that reaction from them.On the plus side , I learned things about Kelly that I never knew , including that I 've missed a lot of his movies . The information about his childhood and dance background certainly makes me appreciate him even more . But I think that I 'll look for Hirschhorn 's biography to read what I hope is a more objective work .
 I love Gene Kelly but I do n't love this book . I do n't see the point in the AFI tribute , just get to the history . The only good thing I can say about this book is that Gene Kelly 's talent and determination come through , but that is nothing the author did , that was Gene Kelly and you can get that from any book , any movie , and any story told about him .
 As a great fan of Gene Kelly and Fred Astaire I am pretty familiar with many facts concerning both of their lives . Apart from the misleading `` thoughts '' that Gene Kelly should have had during the AFI Awards , which is the author 's invention , nearly 60 % of the describing of this Gala is wrong
 This is a very poorly-written biography , and a particular disappointment in that it is the first substantial work on the dancer for 25 years . In fact , the author Alvin Yudkoff seems to rely heavily on Clive Hirschhorn 's earlier work , along with many other secondary sources . What it lacks is an original perspective on an undoubtedly complex , yet pioneering Hollywood star.Yudkoff meanders between hero worship and tell-tale anecdote . He uses Kelly 's 1985 acceptance of the AFI Life Achievement Award in an attempt to enter the star 's psyche , a highly presumptious framework for any biographer to use . And shoddy research is apparent in a number of factual errors , incuding misspelt names -LRB- the director Leo McCarey becomes McCrary ; Evelyn Keyes is Evelyn Knight -RRB- and chronological discrepancies -LRB- for instance , Fred Astaire did not retire from films in 1946 because he was mourning his wife 's death ; she died in 1954 -RRB- . I hope Gene Kelly 's long-awaited autobiography , in the hands of his third wife , will do justice to the memory of the man himself . I do not doubt that he was a difficult , often egocentric person . But without that side to his personality , we would not have his legacy . Do yourself a favour
 I dislike ` chummy ' biographies , the kind where the biographer latches on to a phrase or two that was probably a chance observation or private joke , then over-uses it to show his subject 's funny , human side . In A LIFE OF DANCE AND DREAMS by Alvin Yudkoff , that term that so annoyed me was ` cloop , ' a description of seedy nightclubs the Kelly 's sometimes worked in , which combined the words ` club ' and ` chicken coop . ' Ad nauseum . There is a running account of Kelly ungraciously sitting through still another ceremony of recognition of his accomplishments while celebrity friends like Shirley MacLaine and Jimmy Stewart praise him to the appreciative audience . Kelly 's mind wanders , he fidgets and daydreams , and often begins to speak or stand out of turn . We are privy to what he is ` really ' thinking while tired clips of his films are shown . He comes across as crass , and I suppose he must have been . Much time is spent prattling about `` The Game . '' The Game was apparently the hottest event in Hollywood at one time . Stars like Sinatra would often fly in for a mad evening of cut-throat charades at the Kelly house , risking ridicule from the host if they did n't play well , followed by hard-core volleyball once the sun rose . Who knew ? So we hear that Kelly was overbearing and forced his way into every aspect of productions he worked on , had a black-listed communist for a first wife and skipped the country to his beloved France , for tax purposes , but he was an exceedingly nice guy , especially to Judy Garland-lug of a hard-working Irish Catholic boy form Pittsburgh that he was . His life seems full of resentment despite his easy smile , and whether accurate or not , it is NOT interesting reading . It took a long time to finish this book . I would n't recommend it to anyone , let alone a fan .
 I should start by saying I did n't read the whole book . That 's because I found it insulting that we were to believe this was a true biography . I resented the author passing off what he thought Gene Kelly must have been thinking during the AFI awards , I disliked the author painting Gene Kelly as mean-spirited and shallow . It was maddening to have the beginning of every chapter fractured with this conjecture . I considered this a total waste of money . Although I freely share my books with others , this book has been consigned to the role of doorstop .
 It might have been good when it was written , but I found the story lines uninteresting , the lead character was annoying and it is n't a very good read . BUT I was n't expecting much
 I was very disappointed . I guess I expected more from O'Reilley , but they definitely did not deliver . Webmaster in a Nutshell is a tiny tiny tiny book that is mediocre at best . The CD with 5 electronic books is not on a par with other reference libraries . So now I have this expensive dust collector . The only good news is that I followed the advice -LRB- unfortunately too late -RRB- of the previous reviewer and bought the Web publishing Electronic Resource Kit . I am very happy with THAT kit
 For $ 69.95 you get a single 356-page book and a CDwith 4 books in electronic format . Definitely NOT a bargain when you check on what else is out there . Further , Webmaster in a nutshell is an awful awful book that really is n't much good . I think O'Reilly had to package it in this kit just to try to get rid of the thousands of copies filling up their warehouse.In the same price range , you will find 2 much better values . One of these values is Web Publishing Unleashed Professional Reference Edition , a 1500-page book that covers everything you need to know to truly master Web publishing . The CD ROM for the book is also packed with goodies which includes 2 books in electronic format and dozens of great applications . Street price for the book is $ 69.95 and you can get at at Amazon for about $ 48.95 . Definitely a much better value.Another great value that you will want to consider is the Web Publishing Electronic Resource Kit which includes 14 books , over 10,000 pages in searchable CD-ROM format , and a hard copy of the 1500-page book , Web Publishing Unleashed Professional Reference Edition . Street price is $ 89.95 and you can get it at Amazon for $ 71.99 . An AWESOME value you just wo n't find anywhere else.In the end , you will be much happier if you buy Web Publishing Unleashed Professional or the Web Publishing Electronic Resource Kit . I KNOW I am glad and everyone at my office is too .
 The Traveler , by Antal Szerb is a story about a the journey the main character , Mihaly , faces on his path to find himself . The story begins in the midst of his honeymoon . Coincidentally through the sudden urge for coffee Mihaly becomes separated with his wife and is now placed on a path in which he must travel alone . As they depart each other via separate trains , the two unalike characters travel Europe on similar tracks that mirror one another to the tee.The matrimony between the two was odd from the very beginning due to their diverse personalities and their split , no matter how accidental , was inevitable . Erzsi is shown to be the epitome of a true lady with a proper upbringing . With her congenial nature , she was the typical woman a man ought to marry . Mih&aacute;ly was depicted as an aloof individual with a mysterious aura . Zoltan did not even consider Mih&aacute;ly a man , I think , because of his childish desires and obsession to preserve his youth . `` As his wife ends up in Rome and Mih&aacute;ly in Perugia , he is thrilled that `` he had personally discharged of her '' -LRB- Szerb 83 -RRB- . He travels to Foligno where he befriends Dr. Ellesley , the man attempting on bringing Mih&aacute;ly back to health . He then meets an American girl named Millicent , who he is captivated by . Erzsi overwhelmed with sadness because of her failed marriage , journeys to Paris and finds Sari , whom she creates a relationship with that resembles the friendship of Dr. Ellesley and Mih&aacute;ly . Erzsi comes across Janos again , and like Mih&aacute;ly , obtains a new lover . As they continue in residing in separate cities , the two begin to have financial problems that force them to live simple , mediocre lives and become `` thrifty '' . As the plot thickens , both characters are visited by their past . Mih&aacute;ly sees Eva again after several years and Erzsi dines with Zoltan , whom she has n't seen since their divorce . Once again the two cross paths , through the conspiracy of Janos and Zoltan , mirroring each other in the fact that they were both betrayed for money . When the story begins to come to and end they both are placed in situations where they realize that their current situations are no longer what they desire . Mihaly no longer desires this `` death wish '' , `` his longing had been satisfied '' -LRB- Szerb ,266 -RRB- , and Ezsri no longer wishes to live the life of a student . Eventually they both become rescued by the male figures in their lives , Ezsri by her ex-husband , and Mihaly by his father . Ironically the story ends with both characters returning to their lives at the state in which it was before they married each other .
 John Booty wrote his MEDITATING ON FOUR QUARTETS in order to highlight the Anglican spirituality of T.S. Eliot 's poetic masterpiece . However , I found the book no different in the end than most coverage of `` Four Quartets '' , and did not give me any additional insight on the work.Booty 's work is relatively short , more essay than book . It is divided into four sections , each on one of the Quartets . He goes through each portion of the poem summarizing it , and I find that too often he attempts to explain to the reader something he already understands . The book 's real failing is that while Booty intended to over a truly religious reading of the poem . his analysis does not differ much from secular criticism of the poem.One of the few redeeming qualities of Booty 's work is that it does attempt to place `` Four Quartets '' in the context of Anglican poetry in general , and quotations from John Donne and Henry Vaughan among others shows how Eliot 's work compares . Still , I do n't think that is enough . I would not recommend MEDITATING ON FOUR QUARTETS , though I would recommend `` Four Quartets '' , and a very attentive reading of it , over nearly any other work of literature . Stick to the original poem and perhaps some more substantial critical works .
 This is a great book if you like Flo-Jo . But if you 're looking for insightful running tips and strategies , this book is only for the extreme novice . Let me sum up the book for you
 Not sure about these other reviews but all I can say is make sure to buy yourself a package of Tylenol 's with this book , because after reading a few pages your head will be ready to explode . I am trying to read this book with other 25 people and not one person has said that this book is good . Make sure that you have alot of spare time if you are going to read this crap , because you will be taking more naps while trying to get through this book , then all the naps you have taken throughout your whole lifetime . Geoff Huston would make a great lawyer but not a book writer .
 Why anyone would waste their time writting this crap other then money I have no idea . If you are going to buy this book I highly recommend a package of Tylenol 's alongside the book , because after a few pages your head will be ready to explode . Geoff Huston would make a great lawyer , but let 's hope that he does n't write anymore books .
 I allready put up 2 reviews and I do n't appreciate them being taken off by amazon because I highly believe that this book is BADDDDDD ! Amazon I know your trying to sell as many books as possible but you ever hear of a thing called free speech ?? If your gon na only post positive reviews then do n't bother even having people put up what they think about the books . Geoff Houston might be a smart guy and all but this book ?? , my god what was he thinking writing something that puts people asleep every single line of his text ? Overall a BAD book , do not recommend to anyone .
 I would have thought such an assemblege would offer a penetrating debate , fencing , interweaving , deconstructing and reconstructing each other , and all the time illuminating . Instead I found a bunch of men talking at each other .
 This book I found rather disappointing . It is DEFINITELY for the beginner . So much that most information is nearly copied from all the help information provided during the installation process itself.If you are a beginner I would not recommend buying this book . Look for something else !!
 A couple of things are not very hard in Emacs . Once you have a new major-mode , it 's pretty easy to figure out how it works , by pressing C-h b or C-h m . This book is about the easy stuff ; it covers a lot of major - and minor modes . However , it hardly tells you anything at all about the way Emacs is structured and configured . And that is one of the hardest things to figure out when you 're starting to use Emacs . -LRB- I know by experience , I had to go through quite some pain before I was able to work with it properly . -RRB- So if you want more verbose explanations of major Emacs modes , this is the book you want . If you want to figure out how to customize stuff to your needs , this is not the book you want .
 I found this book to be not that good . It is a bit long winded , I had a hard time using the index to find things that I was looking for . It helped me get a bit more expertise but did n't help me get to a very good level of expertise . I rarely use this book now , I would recommend looking else where for a better book to both learn and use as a reference . Wrong first buy or only buy .
 Personally , I did n't like the writing style or technique . Though the idea was interesting for a fanfic , it has several flaws , most of them on a major scale . The most obvious difficulty in accepting this as a serious work of the X-Men is the time frame . The story is obviously supposed to take place between X-Men # 25 and Uncanny X-Men # 304 . The time frame is established by the leaving of Colossus and the fact that Wolverine has not been `` dismembered '' by Magneto as of yet . This is impossible , since the events of those issues had very little time lapse between them . Yet Golden 's story supposedly takes at least three days of time between the two issues . Further , Golden writes the novels in 1996 , a full two years after these issues have taken place and several other developments have occurred in the lives of the major players in the series.Also , he fails to account for the absence of two of the major X-groups , Excalibur and X-Force , througout the novels . Further , he fails to account for the absence of the Avengers , Fantastic Four and Spider-Man , all who have strong ties to Manhattan , the scene for the majority of the story . Personally , I think the story was poorly conceived , though the idea had merit.Another issue I have with the novels is characterization - Golden not only has written out Psylocke and Jubilee without explanation , he has also changed much of the idea behind the characterization developed by Marvel for the characters he does include . While remaining true to Cain Marko and Charles Xavier -LRB- to an extent -RRB- , he completely ignores the characterizations developed for Storm , Jean , Rogue , Iceman , Archangel and several of the other characters that he treats dismissively.While most of the reviewers for this series have said they were thoroughly pleased with it , I was immensely disappointed . Though fanfic can ignore continuity , the author generally makes a introductory courtesy note of the omission to the readers . This prevents disappointment with the story on a whole.If you are looking for a good X-Men fanfic , there are several available on websites free of charge that are neither so long , nor so tedious as this . I am of the opinion that Mr. Golden needs to re-evaluate his next attempt to characterize the X-Men . And if Marvel is responsible for the editing on this series , they need to hire someone who can read for the * numerous * errors included in the manuscript .
 I read this in under 2 hours ; most all of this info can be found in other marriage ` self-help ' books . Not necessary .
 This book promotes damaging stereo-types and is insulting to both women and men . Though it makes some valid points that apply for some people , it lacks scientific research , other than surveys the author conducted -LRB- many of which seem to have involved her close friends -RRB- and forces Christian philosophy upon its readers . I have no problem with someone writing a religious , opinion-based relationship book . However , it should be marketed as such .
 Dont ' get me wrong , there is a LOT of good information in this book . However , I noticed that Shaunti Feldhahn seems to actually condone some of the actions/shortcomings of the men in her studies , which to me did not seem like the biblical view at all . For example
 A lots of lies . So negative ! And a lots of areas -LRB- when she talks about mens visual `` Rolodex '' -RRB- are not true for a lots of men up there .
 There was a lot of good advice in this book , but I did n't like how the author seemed to shift almost all of the responsibility for the success of the marriage over to the woman . Woman today are extremely overburdened and this is regardless of whether they are career women or housekeepers . I know , I 've been both . We bear almost all the burden of raising and disciplining our children . Are expected to have the house clean at all times . Have dinner hot on the table . Compliment our husbands to the point he thinks he 's Jesus Christ himself . Bite our tongue when he 's about to make a bad decision even though we and our children will be forced to live with the consequences . Look just gorgeous at all times . Be a lioness in bed although were physically , mentally , and emotionally drained . When were in Wal-mart to swallow all our insecurities and say , `` Hey honey ! Look at that hot babe ! '' . Well , let the ladies start lining up for their daily dose of prozac . If the author is really serious about her advice being taken she needs to write a companion book called `` For Men Only-What you need to know about the secret lives of women '' , so he knows his part . Most men DO NOT know how to love their wives AT ALL ! That 's why the vast majority of divorces are initiated by women . I 'm tired of being considered a man 's appendage . I give this book 2 stars .
 I hastily ordered this book , then quickly canceled my order as I realized what it contained . Without reading the piece in its entirety , I can honestly say I am so disgusted it makes me nauseous . What kind of woman do you think it would help to tell her all about -LRB- supposedly -RRB- EVERY man 's `` dirty secrets '' of the mind ? And on top of that , it leaves you feeling despair because instead of recognizing that every man and woman will encounter temptation over one thing or another in their lifetime , and their responsibility as a Christian is to obey the LORD and flee , the author paints it like they just ca n't help succumbing to their biological urges because they 're just `` wired '' that way . Well , GOD did n't wire them that way , the fall introduced sin and marred the perfect design that HE originally intended . Which explains where we are today . Through CHRIST , this can be overcome and I expect any decent man who calls himself a Christian to make an effort to FLEE temptation , not excuse it.Furthermore , the most disturbing point is probably the notion -LRB- conveyed by the author -RRB- that women have this huge ability or responsibility for men 's happiness , self-esteem and ego . It is up to US , ladies , to be perfect and pleasing so that our men will not feel insecure or be tempted . HELLO ?? It is downright DANGEROUS to suggest that a human being is responsible for another human being 's self-worth . This is codependency 101 and is fodder for seriously destructive relationships . It is borderline idolatry . We are to find our security , all that we are , in CHRIST , our rock , and only then can we find health and strength to love others as we ought and fulfill our roles as husband and wife in Christian marriage . Not by attempting to be perfect on our own to win another person 's love .
 Why why why ? Is the author trying to get rid of excess inventory ? Buy it used for $ 3 ; that at least is recycled -LRB- reused -RRB- paper .
 I could never imagine an author would be allowed to be published when they actually write something in their book that hurts people and marriages ! Mrs. Feldhahn states that ALL men want a skinny girl and that any who tell their wives otherwise are liars . I am sorry , but I resent being called a liar ! This woman should be punished for writing this book ; the Multnomah Book Company should be punished for allowing this book to be published . I will NEVER support this company again and I urge you to do the same . Buy this book if you would like a fight in your relationship ! Otherwise , trust your significant other , not some trumped up expert . An MA in Public Policy hardly qualifies her to write about relationships , and in fact , after reading this book , I would be surprised if she has ever had a successful relationship !
 This is garbage . I wish I could get my money and time back . This is a book for Christian relationships and nowhere does it say that on the cover or the synopsis . The book is filled with references to Jesus , God and everyone the author surveyed was from a religious community . I actually listened to the entire audio book out of sheer curiosity about how dumb this author . My fiance and I had a nice laugh about how ridiculous this book is . The book focuses on having women constantly adjust themselves to meet men 's needs . The book is written from the point of view of a world in which women do not work and are generally self-involved and out of touch with their partner 's needs . Do not waste your money on this absurdity .
 This book is very old fashioned and obviously intended for an audience who wants a male dominated household . Are there really people around who still believe this kind of stuff ? How can this book NOT be insulting to women AND men ? Good communication is the key to successful relationships , NOT some made up rules on how to behave in certain situations . This book is full of generalizations and stereotypes that should have gone out of fashion at the same time as beehive hairdos.Example one -LRB- from page 10 -RRB-
 You do n't really need to buy this book . Here 's what it says
 In a way , I suppose this really is a good book , but not for me . It was given to me at my wedding shower by a person who probably should have known better -LRB- my own sister ! -RRB- . This book is just an extremely dumbed-down version of His Needs , Her Needs by Willard F. Harley . Having read that book , reading For Women Only was a waste of thirty minutes . Feldhahn 's book is somewhat helped by a collection of survey results , which tell us exactly the same things that Harley 's book does . Feldhahn 's advice , however , is not very helpful -LRB- `` Pray '' -RRB- . Her writing style is simultaneously annoying & boring . It 's a little strange that Dr. Harley , a marriage counselor , is a better writer than Ms. Feldhahn . But then it should be obvious that a marriage counselor would write a better book on relationships than the author of The Veritas Conflict -LRB- which is apparently about the evils of humanism and a college education -RRB- . One great -LRB- ! -RRB- thing about this book is that it does n't deny human nature . Christian wives are famous for expecting impossible things from their husbands . This book reminds them that , no matter what their husbands believe in , they still have the sex drive of a Neanderthal . Feldhahn does , however , like to blame that sex drive on the evils of American society , which is somewhat counterproductive considering that humans create society , not the other way around . Still , this book is a step in the right direction . -LRB- But if you 're thinking about reading this , please read His Needs , Her Needs instead . -RRB-
 Until I read other reviews here , I thought I was alone if feeling worse about myself and my marriage after reading this book . The common stereotype is that women are fragile and hurt by the least little word , but the author 's finding seem to suggest the opposite
 I did not think that this book added a great deal of real information that was n't just common sense . Also , parts of it reminded me of a religious sermon . This seemed to be out of place and totally unexpected . The book was not what I expected . This book is great for the religious right , not the general public .
 I read this book in like , 5 hours . Reads like a compilation of Cosmo articles . I really thought the insights into the male mind and emotional patterns would be more in depth . But it 's all based on her surveys , which were a little bit elementary in my opinion . But the content is valuable.Pros about this book would be the tone that she writes in . It 's all very positive , very Stand By Your Man , support him , understand him . He needs respect , He needs to be the provider , He needs sex and he needs you to stay in shape and look good for him.Better than the latest , greatest manuals on `` how to catch a man . '' For two reasons , one , is that spirituality is an important third party in relationships , which she points to often . And , that the book is geared towards married women and women in relationships and upholds men as partners , full of tenderness and feeling , as opposed to gamers or predators .
 I had heard that this book was an amazing read , so when I was offered it to review I jumped right on it . It was a really thought provoking book but a hard read . Usually it takes me no more than a week to read a book and sometimes even a day but this one took months and honestly , I still have not finished it and just do n't care to do so . I just could n't get into the book no matter how long I read it . I do n't know if it 's how it was written or just that I got tired of reading the same thing over and over . This book has a lot of good views from men about how women should be more compassionate to them and help us to understand them more . But on the other hand it constantly refers to a mental `` Rolodex '' that all men have where they are constantly thinking about some one other than their spouse and that just does n't sit right with me . Maybe that 's why I quit reading it . I may try and reread it at a later point in life when I do n't have so much going on and I may be able to learn from it then but for the time being , it 's sitting on my shelf somewhere with the page marked where I ended it .
 While I agree with much of what the author writes in this book , I felt she beat a dead horse in getting her point across . I think she could have said half as much with greater impact . I felt somewhat nagged at , especially since the video tapes nearly duplicated what was said in the chapters.I also think this book should only be done when husbands are doing the `` For Men Only '' companion book . I found myself increasingly frustrated with my husband , not due to anything he was doing , but because he was n't reciprocating . It seemed that it was all up to me to make adjustments . Women in our group at church expressed a sense of failure and discouragement as we progressed through the chapters , and as leader , I felt the need to bolster them up and remind them how much God loves them and will help them to love their husbands . I do not think this was the writer 's intent . I do n't think she gave enough support and instruction to women with special circumstances -LRB- anything like this was only very briefly addressed -RRB- . The fact is , very few people have the idyllic lives that make this book helpful as it is written . For instance , women in our group were dealing with husbands who had largely abandoned their role of leading their families spiritually . Other women were dealing with physical issues that made the chapter on sex particularly difficult to process.My biggest criticism of this book is that it is a self-help book that depends on the reader to make changes . In my Christian walk , changes have come by means of my leaning in on God , allowing the transformation to come as a result of His Word and His Spirit doing a `` spiritual surgery '' in me . I have never had success in changing myself through a `` how to '' book of instruction , but only by my whole dependence on the One who made me . This book was about what to do , rather than on the Who who was doing it . I consider this misguided focus . Too bad .
 I did not like this book at all . I kept it for about 3 years and was re-reading it time-to-time , thinking that it will grow on me . Still do not like it . I feel like I belong to a very disadvantaged gender as a woman every time I read this book . Maybe the author knows men but she definitely does not know women . Apparently , only men are sexual creatures ... I did not know I am so boring ... Men , regarding to the author , are wired to get excited by looking at beautiful women and women should only pray -LRB- because they simply do not notice a ripped handsome man-NEVER -RRB- . The author does not portray men very nicely and delivers THE WORST in men to women in this book . It is almost like the most of the men are sex addicts and weaklings -LRB- yack -RRB- . Even my BF got angry when I show him some parts of this book . This book does not show men as great , honorable , responsible , dominant and does not inspire -LRB- me -RRB- to treat My Man as my master and my lord -LRB- not Lord as God -RRB- . Depressing writing . Our local priest did better sermon on this topic .
 Although this book had a few -LRB- very few -RRB- valuable insights about men , the constant references to God , Christianity , `` Churchgoers '' and SIN was very off-putting to me . The cover does not indicate that it is a Christian book . Also , she seems anxious to return to the 1950 's ideal wife who stays home , vaccuums in heels and acts dumb to make her man feel good . No , thank you .
 I bought this book thinking it would be a precise and academic breakdown of male psychology . . well it was n't . I suppose I should have researched the background of the author before purchasing the book , but considering the topic I assumed it would be a logical breakdown of male perception and how it is shaped in society . I was wrong . There are many helpful hints and useful stories which guide the reader through a better understanding of the men around them , however there is a real problem with the prescriptive advice she gives to female readers . The author continuously suggests that women today trample the male ego and so we are to blame for their wandering eye and trouser snake . Although I can see where a domineering woman would be a detriment to a happy relationship , the implication that we should inflate a man 's ego by playing dumb is ludicrous . I am accepting of the differences she puts forth between men and women , however I wish she would have elaborated on more scientific findings of thought processes and not on the religious and antiquated notion that we have to take a back seat to the male ego . Do not buy this book , it is highly repetitive and dripping with christian bias .
 This book is dangerous for your marriage . It will cause women to be suspicious of their husbands based on some of the inof in the book , that is not true of all and maybe not even most men . Whiel men are visual , they can not at will or images from the past nor do they appear involuntarily as the author claims . These statements will lead women to think their husbands are perverted and not thinking about them . DO NOT RECOMMEND .
 I bought this book along with the ` For Men Only ' companion . I read the ` Men ' volume , and passed the ` Women ' book to my wife . I found some good to excellent points in the ` Men ' book , but was slightly off-put by the religious references . My wife finished the ` Women ' book and gave it back . I asked her a little about it and I was slightly surprised that she was very lukewarm about it.So , I broke all the rules and read a book this is ` For Women Only ' . And ... I disliked it very much.I will say right here - I am not religious . And neither is my wife . Above , I complained that there was too much religion in the ` Men ' volume . Be warned if you do not want to read a deeply religious book ! If there are three pages in a row in the ` Women ' volume that do not hammer you with christianity , I do not know where they are.I read some of the other reviews here before I wrote , and some of them are very long and involved and the rating generally follow my own . If you have the mind that is susceptible to the attraction of religion , and you want to learn how to be the perfect wife from the 1930 's , you just might like this book . There is very little here to interest anyone else .
 At its heart , this book is warmed-over Mars and Venus -LRB- which is true of most examples of relationships advice , as I learned in my own rigorous , three-year analysis of the self-help movement and the `` dating industry '' -RRB- . But there is a deeper problem here . Think about the logic that underlies this sort of methodology . If you send out questionnaires to 1000 people you know , you will probably get responses from people who think pretty much like you do . So there 's a circular aspect to the whole thing . But even that 's not the real problem . Send out questionnaires to 1000 people going to college , and you 'll get responses from college people ; they are not valid for people as a whole , and you might get entirely different responses from 1000 high-school dropouts . So Feldhahn 's sample may be flawed . But even that 's not the real , root problem with gender-typing efforts like Gray 's and Feldhahn 's , which is this
 As as woman , I can tell you that this book is a bunch of garbage . If you want to learn how to subject to your husband , and be an obedient wife , and do everything to please your husband , and spend your whole life adjusting yourself and your needs , and your personality and your heart , and dreams to HIM , then follow Feldhahn 's suggestions . On the other hand , please get `` The Second Sex `` by Simone de Beauvoir , which I have n't read yet , by I know what it 's about.Men have `` created '' an image of women and what women should be like . It 's all ` biology ' according to Feldhahn . She believes that one way to keep a man happy is to give him lots of sex ? She talks nothing about men respecting a woman for her mind , and not just ` sex ' and ` appreciation ' . If all men are like Feldhahn presents them , then we can conclude that men are idiotic , proud , spoiled , childish , selfish , egoistical , self-centered , animal-like beings and women should walk on egg-shells around them , and treat them like they 're the center of the world.If this is true , then I would rather live on island by myself ...
 The title sounds good . Who could not want to understand their spouse and how they think ? However , there are more than just a few problems with this book . First of all , if the author was just presenting the facts from her survey -- that would be one thing , but she decides that she needs to tell every woman what they need to do . Hey , one-size-fits-all counseling advice by a completely unqualified person . She writes christian fiction for heaven 's sake ! What makes her qualified to tell anyone what they need to do ? I 've been married a lot longer than she has -- I 'm sure I could write a better advice book than this.What is even worse , is that much of her advice could be very destructive for some women in bad relationships . She assumes women are going to be able to discern that for themselves . Well , it is n't that simple . In addition to that , she plugs her fiction book in nearly every chapter of this amateur advice guide.Christians tend to be more trusting of everyone who sets themselves up in a position of authority . BEWARE . Lots of these books seem like they are written just for the money . I do n't say that that is the purpose of these books-BUT if you are thinking about reading this book , I would only recommend it if you and your husband already have a good relationship and you just want to do minor improvements . Some of the insights could be helpful , but some of the advice here is way off base and tends to treat women and men as a stereotypes .
 I was extremely disappointed and caught very off guard by this book . I completed this book with a women 's group and could n't believe the point of view . I felt like the book expected and told women that they should be `` June Cleaver '' . Very disappointed in the message that women should have no say so in anything and just fall to the feet of their man . Also , I did not understand how this book 's message was in any way the message given in the bible as to what a wife should strive to be .
 First off , this book was given to me as a gift . I wish now that I had never cracked the cover . I do have to admit that some of the book is helpful ... the part about how your guy wants to be respected and how he needs words of affirmation often ... yep , that was helpful , but unless you just really really want to know the things that men think I would not read this book . If you are in a happy relationship and you know without a shadow of a doubt in your heart that your guy loves you , then I see no reason for you to read this book . When I read the chapter about how guys picture most attractive women naked and undresses them with their eyes I thought I would just die . When I asked my guy about it and he assured me that yes , this is in fact what men do , I tormented myself for a good week disgusted that my guy is doing stuff like that . Before I go on let me say that I am in my 20 's and I am a size 2 ... so it 's not like I am overweight and do n't take care of myself -LRB- I 'm at the gym every night -RRB- . Before I learned about this disturbing behavior I felt confident with myself , I completely trusted the behavior of my guy , and I felt like I was the `` one and only '' in my guys eyes . To know that he is undressing girls in his head has really cut my confidence by about 50 % . So girls ... unless you just really want to dig in deep and learn about what your guy really thinks , I would just stick to the idea that `` ignorance is bliss '' and do n't read this book . Honestly , I wish now that I had never read it .
 I was kind of dissapointed with this material . It only talks about statistics ... more like a thesis or something ... Was hoping something more conductual-psychological oriented .
 The entire book was about stroking a man 's ego at the expense of anything the woman may want.You have to submitt yourself towalking on eggs in order to keep his ego full of pride.Isn ` tpride a sin ? This book is not helpful , the book will cause thewoman to second guess herself .
 Unfortunately , this book is only going to help you if you 're a fat nagging religious close minded wife who 's let herself go.For the modern woman with common sense -LRB- and who does n't have her man beg her for sex , for instance -RRB- this book is completely useless . I can think of a few women who 'd benefit from it -LRB- church ladies ? -RRB- , but most of the things on this book are common sense to a well educated wordly woman . I also found Shaunti Feldhahn 's way of writing very anoying ... at the beggining of the book , it feels like she goes on and on about respect forever . I get it , respect the man , there 's no need to say it 30 times with different words.It was definitly a waste of money .
 Every evangelical Christian book I 've read about relationships/men and women keeps harping on the same oldsterotypes.The sterotypes are as follows : men want respect , women want lovemen are visual , women are emotionalmen hide their feelings , women express every feelingmen care about the appearance of their spouse , women care aboutbeing provided forI do n't know what kind of men she interviewed but she must haveinterviewed men too dense to realize they were acting outsocial constraits believing they are `` hardwired '' . What bothersme the most is the chapter where she says men ca n't help looking at a pretty body.Hello !! Women look at men 's bodies too!I do n't believe these right winged fools will ever write adecent book about relationships , since they want to keep peoplein endless circles of status quo thinking to suit their ownpurposes.I 'm glad I 'm a different relgion now.Too many Christians are caught up in sterotypical thinking and it hurtsrelationships .
 While the book could be insightful at times , I agree with one of the other reviews in that it does not offer many solutions except prayer . As a non-Christian and a non-religious person , this solutions seems like a cop-out to me . I wanted a guide to not only better understand the amazing person I am with , but more importantly to get some guidance on how to deal with man vs. woman issues , which this book does not offer for non-Christains . So if you are like me , I suggest finding something that does not provide only faith based answers.Good luck and happy reading !
 I read this book and noticed that a lot of the information concerning men came from another book that I had just read titled Love and Respect by Dr. Emerson Eggerichs . Shaunti Feldham even refers to Emerson Eggerichs by name and uses words directly from his book and his website . Why write a book and have half of your book have quotes from another author 's book ? Shaunti Feldham said that she did a lot of research and surveys , however most of the book seems to be other authors ideas , articles , and quotes .
 The main reason why I read this book was to see what conclusions it had and whether i 'd get anything out of it . Frankly , I did n't . What annoyed me the most , was the way the data was represented . The research was frankly pretty bad . I know she 's not a psychologist , relationship therapist , etc but come on ! What made me laugh was when she said that at one section she surveyed 10 MEN ! Seriously ? Also , I could n't help but think that the data was heavily manipulated and very biased . There was n't even a lot of cross - referencing to substantiate her claims.The chapter on romance made actually made my blood boil when talking about sex and romance . One man supposedly said that romance should always lead to sex , and it 's only because of social and moral restraints that it does n't happpen . Wait a minute ! Do you mean consensual sex or rape ? That just infuriated me.Surprisingly , I did kind of get the chapter on looks . However , what I did find surprising was the amount of men who admit to full - on fantasising about another whoman . Sorry , I just do n't get it.Throughout the whole book , what really annoyed me was the chapters constanly barraged women about what to do and what not to do , then at the end of the chapter , saying things like `` we do n't want to put more pressure on women '' -LRB- I do n't think the quote 's exactly right , sorry -RRB- . Mind you , this was AFTER they constantly barraged women with constant criticism about everything women are doing wrong to their husbands . And , referring to another review , I agree that the `` groundbreaking research '' comment on the back of the book was a serious overstatement .
 For Women Only
 In regard to all of the so-called `` hard wiring '' of selfish impulses that Shaunti tries to pass of as unavoidable , I would like to refer to them as conditioned behaviors . Despite the inherent `` datedness '' of Beauvoir 's work -LRB- come on , it was published in 1949 ! -RRB- , there could be an interesting dialogue about how women choose to resign themselves to passive roles and capitulation between the two books . If you want to find a reason to play into all of the broad societal expectations about your personal appearance , your sexual boundaries , and general steps to becoming a Stepford wife , then this is your book !
 My husband and I got a good laugh out of this . So , it helped my marriage in that way . To read why it 's such an awful book , give the other one star reviews a read . I wish I had before I bought it .
 I really looked forward to reading this book , but was very disappointed . First of all , it really irked me that the assumption was made that Christian men make great husbands . In my 45 years of life experience , that has not been the case . I am not a feminist , but a traditional stay at home wife . I have found Christian men to often be hard task masters in marriage.Anyway , each chapter of the book is devoted to a particular fact -LRB- ? -RRB- about men . If you can stand it , here they are :1 . Men need our respect-I agree with this except for the fact that the author says that respect and love are the same thing and should be given unconditionally . I completely disagree . Respect IS given just by virtue of marriage or parenthood , but must be maintained . If my husband is chronically unemployed , going out drinking and driving drunk , etc. he will lose his family 's respect . Wanted to be respected in our eyes is what keeps him on the right track .2 . Men act confident , but deep down they are scared and unsure and afraid of being found out . Our job ? Affirm them and give them a safe haven to go to at home . Good advice , but no one can be affirmed all the time . Men will have to accept constructive criticism at times or know that they did something wrong . They are not children .3 . Men want to be the providers for the family and worry about not being able to pull this off . I agree , but I know lots of men who are very content to send their wives off to work so that they can afford to buy lots of expensive things . I also know men who are lazy and unmotivated and are happy to have their wives be the bread winner so they do n't have to worry about it .4 . Sex . Men want lots of sex . Again , I agree , but the men in the book were almost whining over it . Part of maturing as a man is maturing in your sex life too . The kids come along and are demanding -LRB- babies up all night , sick kids up all night -- ring a bell ? -RRB- There is sickness and/or death in the family , etc. etc. . Men say they can have sex easily without love and enjoy it , but yet the book says that sex is how the men feel love . Yikes ! Which is it ? Married couples should have a sex , but a woman should never have sex when she does n't want to . The example in the book ? You just got back from the funeral of a loved one and your husband wants to have sex . You do n't , but do it anyway . Again , yikes ! 5 . The old `` men are visual '' excuse for oogling women . Men are socialized from a young age to look at women and picture them naked or having sex with them . I agree , but there is a such thing as self control . I know the surveys were supposedly scientific , but I doubt that sexual images just pop into the normal man 's mind -LRB- even from back in his teens ! -RRB- , so he just ca n't help it . There is only one thing to do . Look away and look away quickly . Keep your mind busy . Men think about sex all day every day . Not true . I think that is demeaning to men .6 . Your partner really does want romance . He does n't do it because he feels insecure that you 'll criticize him for doing it wrong . Oh brother . He also equates sex with romance . If he does plan a romantic evening for you , it had better end in sex or it was a waste of time . Half of the men want there wives to `` play '' with them -- hiking , golfing etc. . Duh , some women are n't into that and most men know that before they get married .7 . My personal favorite . Your husband wants you to look good . This I can see . No man wants to come home every day to find his wife unshowered and wearing baggy sweats . Wear some decent clothes and put on some make up . Good advice . We like our men to be well groomed also . The problem ? These shallow men also want to see their wives dieting and exercising because , if she does n't , it is a bad reflection on how she feels about THEM . -LRB- Narcissism ?!! -RRB- The author 's husband was upset that his wife ate a chocolate donut for breakfast each day because he wanted her to be thin . -LRB- and by the way , she was n't obese either -RRB- It was said that men are competitive and want to have the hottest wife to show off . I think that is true , but at some point , ya just have to grow up.I wanted to learn something from this book and all I came away from it thinking was how these men sounded like shallow , mama 's boys . I know my husband is not perfect -LRB- and neither am I -RRB- , but he seems so much more open to looking within himself and trying to be a better person instead of saying to me `` This is how I am , I 'm not changing , just pamper me and worship me . '' He may not be a fundamentalist Christian , but he is worlds ahead of the guys surveyed . For THAT , I greatly admire and respect him .
 I got this book a year ago to better understand and encourage my husband . We have always had a very loving and close relationship . Some of the points were obvious -LRB- ie . not teasing , showing respect etc -RRB- and some were newer to me , and quite helpful -LRB- ie . the pressure to provide -RRB- . I believe the writer did generalize quite a bit and needed to elaborate on the variety of differences found in men . One difficulty I had with the book was on the emphasis on a man 's need to feel trusted being discussed in the same book as his ` hard wired ' drive to perv at other women . Now I 'm not too sure how many women would walk away from a book like this feeling like they really trust their husbands . Clearly men are complex and deserve respect in their marriages but it is a very big ask to expect women to trust them when they now know their better half is trying his very hardest to pay them attention in the presence of other women . Pretty much most of what was presented in this book I already do but it really helped over the last year to evaluate where I draw my self esteem from . I now no longer really need to take on board my husbands compliments because they mean very little to me now that I know he 's thinking exactly the same things about other women . Instead I look to God for feeling good about myself , focus on my hobbies and friendships and exercise for me . Meanwhile , I show him the respect etc the book talked about -LRB- which he is really appreciating -RRB- . In this sense I have found the book helpful.My concern with this book is not that the information is correct or incorrect it is that I 'm not sure how much of a role a husband or a wife should play in meeting all these ` needs ' of their partner . Some of the things mentioned -LRB- like appearance -RRB- are wants / preferences and not needs . Husbands and wives should not feel pressured by books to work overtime at trying to meet certain preferences . My husband and I believe that we are there to support one another but we are not what determine the other person 's worth and are certainly not expected to meet each others every want . I agree with some of the other comments - the Bible is a great place to learn how to better love your husband or wife , not a pile of advice set forth from a survey on what men or women WANT . I mean , I want a ferrari but it 's not my husbands responsibility to get me one is it ?
 My husband and I bought the `` For Couples Only '' set of `` For Women Only '' and `` For Men Only '' , and I wish we 'd saved the money . I ca n't speak for his book , but mine was a total waste . Every point made in the book made me think either one of two things
 I picked up this book thinking it would help me better understand how to relate to my husband . I did indeed gain some insights into how guys think -- that 's essentially what this book is -- putting the data from a survey into words . But I also thought that this would come from a Christian perspective -- and that was really missing in the book . What we see here is how guys think -- not what God thinks about what guys should think . For example , on page 168 : `` Several men told me something like this
 This book advocates women being the paragon of Christian virtue in public and quite the opposite in private to appease their husbands . It also says that men can not help but desire a beautiful/scantily clad woman that comes into his field of vision . A woman or anyone should be able to be themselves in public and private . And men and women both who are in a committed relationship should never think of another person with lust if they are in love .
 A well-meaning friend sent this to me . Perhaps I 'm a bad wife , but i could n't help but wonder where the compromise came in.If you were to take this book as gospel , you 'd have long bitten off your tongue to stop saying anything your husband could consider derrogatory or disrespectful , you 'd be starving yourself -LRB- but cooking gourmet dinners for him -RRB- lest he think you were n't ` taking care of yourself ' , and faking orgasms every night because `` men need sex ; it 's the physical equivalent of them talking to you '' . So if you want a marraige like that , I 'd definitely say ` follow this book to the letter . ' If you want your marriage to be all about him , then read this book and follow the directions . Or , better yet , if you want to feel guilty because despite your best efforts , you dare speak your mind and say no to sex every now and again because you 're -- gasp ! -- tired , or worse , BUSY ! Read this book.otherwise , do n't bother . It 'll just make you mad .
 The biggest issue I had with this book is the author says that men are secretly hiding insecurities and they always care about what somebody else thinks . If a man said this , I would be intrigued , because he knows what he is talking about because HE IS A MAN and he knows what 's going on . Also , she 's basing the whole book on survey results . She 's coming to the conclusion that most men are like this or that because 70 percent of the men she polled said so . If you go on the website , you can see how the questions were answered . Honestly , I got more out of her survey results online than reading her book . I would have preferred to read a book about men from a MAN 'S perspective
 This book was not only an insult to my intelligence , but also an assault on my education in psychology . This book is nothing but gender role enforcement . It truly breaks my heart to know that a single woman out there could think so little of herself that she would buy into this nonsense .
 This * could * have been an interesting book -- one that expresses something that probably needs to be said about many men in our society and their experience of gender socialization * into * `` manhood '' in a way that is accessible . There is no particular reason to * also * try to work God into every other page and the word `` Christian '' into every third paragraph , or to turn this from a description of what * some * men * feel * into an discussion of the * moral * dimensions of * womanhood * . The argument and the data do n't depend on this move toward morality or a list of dos and do n'ts for women , and as a result of doing this , the book is practically useless.But the authors appear not to have been able to stop themselves , and as a result the book has a kind of split personality . It is trying to be about the real experiences that a variety of men have , and that in turn many women may or may not be interested in , and on that point it would be a potentially useful-for-some -LRB- if not entirely scientific -RRB- book . But this book is also trying to make a moral argument about what women * ought * to do , largely resting on a particular strain of Christianity , and the result is a book that necessarily excludes and/or alienates probably most that might otherwise be interested in or able to benefit from what it contains.There are people I would like to share the `` men '' side of this argument and discussion with , but framing the work in moral terms turns it from an interesting and potentially illuminating claim about some mens ' experiences into an offensive set of prescriptions to women about how to love men the `` right '' way based on Christian principles.There is a big difference between saying `` Hey women , did you know that a lot of men feel XYZ ? '' and saying `` Hey women , since a lot of men feel XYZ , you are obligated under God 's law to do ABC . '' The first has the potential to be informative , matches the marketing for the book , and allows women to decide for themselves what to do with the data . The second is what 's actually in the book , and the result is a book that is likely to be offensive to any non-evangelical-Christian-person that reads it , doubly so if it was received as a gift or suggested reading.It 's another instance of Christianity having to bring religion and theology into a domain that ultimately has no * necessary * relationship to religion . If you 're great at selling Tupperware , but you insist on only doing it through church to members of your congregation , you 're missing a lot of sales that you could otherwise make.That 's what 's going on here . I 'm an atheist and was turned off by much of the unnecessary religious rhetoric that obscures , rather than serves , the discussion being had here , and I 'm unwilling to subject any people in my life that might have been able to benefit from some of the material contained here to the prescriptive moral discussion that takes place . I 'm might be interested in saying to people , `` Hey , some of these things do sound like things I 've thought as a man . Did you know that ... '' But I absolutely unwilling , nor would I ever for a moment consider saying to them , `` And here 's what you ought to do about it . Let me quote the Bible ... '' Basically and sadly
 The good first . There is a lot of good . I enjoyed and agree with every chapter except the chapter about men keeping a visual rolodex of sexual images for their perusal.My husband and I have a great marriage . He knows I have the utmost respect for him and he has great love for me . He is certainly not ever wanting more sex , just complaining about how he feel like a piece of meat sometimes . -LRB- In jest I 'm sure . -RRB- I say that to show , that not coming from a prude , the author puts for the idea that men just lust and fantasize about women nonstop and it 's normal . I am quite sure she used the word normal at least twice . It was dealt with like , it 's a fact so get used to it . Your man might chase women around home depot to get a better look , or go out to dinner with you and remain preoccupied with the hostess all night . The men give accounts of this , like , oh well , does n't mean I do n't love my wife . In my opinion , just b/c they are n't willing to risk actually acting on those thoughts , does n't mean it 's ok.I found the book to be very very discouraging . That a bunch of married Christian men would unapologetically -LRB- key word here -RRB- see a woman in a fitted worksuit no less -LRB- we 're not talking lingerie here -RRB- and think about what she 's like in bed or what her nipples look like . There 's no mention that maybe this is lust or committing adultery in your heart . Or maybe they should not do this . It really threw me for a loop ! I guess I did n't realize just how insecure or sex crazed men are . Not that I think they do n't want a lot of it . But I found it discouraging for Christian wives to think that their husbands ca n't go to work without picturing everyone naked . I found it disturbing that the book is purporting this is giving the idea to men a lisence to do this since it 's `` normal '' and women just need to get used to the idea .
 The first page of this book is a list of quotes from leading experts and professionals in Christian marriages and families . Drs. Les and Leslie Parrott , from Seattle Pacific University , hail this book as uncovering the secrets of the inner lives of men . `` Shaunti Feldhahn has uncovered a mountain of meaningful information for any woman wanting to understand men at a profound level , '' they said . According to Bob Reccord , president of the North American Mission Board , this book is even said to have the power to `` revolutionize your marriage ! '' I happened to miss these quotes when I first read the book and , to be quite blunt , now that I have read this book I can honestly say it did have a profound impact on me - and my upchuck reflex . I shudder to think that this book is on the best-seller list and that hundreds of thousands of men and women are reading this propaganda . Not only are they reading it , they are believing it because she has the `` scientific proof '' to back it up ! In as little space as I am given in this response , let us examine Feldhahn 's take on sex and the male mind.Feldhahn believes that the lack of sex men are experiencing in their marriages is a `` crisis . '' A crisis . Along the lines of the September 11th terrorist attack ? Or the tsunami that washed over Southeast Asia ? Nope . We have the real crisis right here in America ! Men are n't getting enough sex ! It 's a crisis , according to Feldhahn , because men who do not have sex with their wives as often as they need it are not able to develop a secure , emotionally intimate relationship with their significant other . Lack of sex breeds `` secret feelings of inadequacy . Making love assures him that you find him desirable , salves a deep sense of loneliness , and gives him the strength and well-being necessary to face the world with confidence '' -LRB- pp. 92-93 -RRB- . Feldhahn goes on to state , `` Your lack of desire can send him into depression '' -LRB- p. 101 -RRB- . Yep , that 's right . Straight out of a night-time soap opera off the WB ... oh , wait ! Silly me ! These are statements from a Christian woman who is trying to `` help '' husbands and wives develop deeper , more intimate relationships . What 's wrong with these statements ? Let 's discuss them on a few levels.First , statements such as these are too reductionistic . A statement that assumes men are only able to emotionally connect with their spouse or significant other through sex reduces men to walking penises ! Furthermore , it is quite insulting to the emotionally mature male who is able to connect with his wife with his mind and soul , not simply with his genitals . Second , these statements are a cruel manipulation of women . It shifts all responsibility for the development of emotionally mature relationships to women . The man is insecure . He apparently is not clever enough to get his needs met by any other means , so the woman has to offer her body as a way to begin the connection process . What a great lesson we are teaching our young women and girls . It used to be said that the best way to a man 's heart was through his stomach . Not so today . The best way to a man 's heart is through his penis . This is fodder for a dangerous fire . `` If you have sex with me , I 'll know that you really love me . '' Now , the experts are telling us that our grandmothers were lying . A man really will connect with us emotionally if we sleep with him.Third , if these statements were true , if men were looking for a deep , emotional , lasting connection through sex , why are there so many single , sexually-experienced men ? If a true emotional connection was found through sex , such that the deep feelings of inadequacy and loneliness were healed , why do men often find it necessary to have sex with multiple partners ? If the need for a deep emotional connection was met through sex , why then the woman with whom he first had sex should be enough . To sleep with woman after woman would leave emotional scars that would only tear down the confidence and self-worth that he has built up through sex . It 's a catch-22 . Fourth , Feldhahn 's conclusion that a woman 's lack of desire can send her male partner into depression shows a clear disregard for ethical research . Other than her survey , there is no empirical causal support for her claim . This is simply one of many manipulative statements Feldhahn makes under the guise of `` good research . `` I am horribly disappointed that this message is being sent out into the world . There is an underlying `` good '' here that is twisted in a package that will be ultimately damaging to our children and to ourselves . Yes , we must be careful of our spouse 's emotional , physical , sexual , and relational needs . But we must do this out of love and respect that is guided by a sense of mutuality in the marriage relationship , not by catering to an unhealthy sense of self-worth that is so pervasive in the responses of Feldhahn 's participants . Feldhahn has taken these unhealthy responses and twisted them into normal `` healthy '' responses that women must then take care of through their behavior and appearance . We should not buy into this myth . Rather , we should take seriously the feelings of low self-esteem , poor attachment , and an un-Biblical view of the role of women in a marriage relationship that were demonstrated by the participant 's responses and work to improve the messages we are sending the men in our society .
 Disingenous , facile and less than helpful . I find that my husband and I are both human beings and tend to have similar needs and wants , and if not , well , we have imaginations too . Oh , and mouths and human speech.Feldman suggests that men and women are vastly different from each other and have a different need for respect or love -LRB- age old `` men want respect , women want love '' -RRB- . The revelation that `` men will choose to be respected without being loved over being loved without being respected '' is blighted by the false dichotomy , ludicrous and offensive to people everywhere . I may not be a Harvard graduate but most people will agree with me when I say that if there 's no respect , it 's not love .
 This is a terrible book . Can anyone say doormat ? That 's what she 's relegating the role of the wife to be . I am appalled !
 This book was a waste of my money . The things in this book are common knowledge , I would hope . If you are absolutely clueless about men , then you might benefit from it .
 American culture today pushes a view of men obsessed with sex , power and money . Sadly , in this book , we find men who are buying into this relaxed standards -LRB- or no standards -RRB- version . Christ offered up an alternative way to live . -LRB- Col. 3:5 ; Matt 5:25 , 2 Pet . 2:14 -RRB- For a more balanced view of Christian masculinity , I suggest : Answering the Guy Questions
 This book is a waste of money . It basically says the same thing -LRB- in kindergarten language -RRB- over and over and over again
 Wow . This author insults both men and women with her one-dimensional stereotyping . I ca n't imagine the kind of man who would desire the dishonesty and subservience inherent in her suggestions for women . I remember reading this kind of stuff in my mom 's McCall 's magazine back in the '50s . Susan Taylor
 this book is not what i expected . it is intended for married people with christian undertones . just not for me .
 To many people in this day and age are looking for all kinds of `` ways '' to make their marriage better . While self help books are on the rise the reading of `` The Word '' is on the decline . My marriage has turned around by reading the Scriptures and doing the Word not just using it to help me . Women , read Proverbs 31 . This is a woman a man loves . Pray for your husand and lift him up to Jesus every day and build yourself up in your most holy faith .
 As a Christian man I know not all men are like this . A Christian author should not be reviewing and adding mens oppinions who are not Christian and of the worlds mindset . They should write only from the Holy words perspective and what GOD 's commands are , not what mans opinions are . It is just that ... a few handful of mens opinions . Men are commanded to act a certain way . They are not to look at women with lust of the eyes and are not to try and get sympathy for it from women . Men/Husbands that struggle with this need prayer not encouragement to keep be more of this world . Women are to be of modest dress and focusing on their inward inner quiet self not on the outward dress as is also commanded by GOD . This book is going against what the author professes to believe in for one who claims she follows GOD . If you want to know what your husband wants , what GOD wants for your marriage , ask your husband and read the word and pray about it do n't read this book !! It does not rightly divide the word of GOD . Men are to respect their wives as the weaker partner as also commanded by GOD . This author needs to read the word and study the word to get back to the TRUTH .
 If you are n't religious , do n't waste your money . All I have to say is a quote of a passage 20min 30s into the audio book , which made me want to scream and throw my iPod out of the car window . It pertains to giving our man an `` unconditional respect '' . It goes on to quote a biblical passage that tells the wife to respect her husband and the author says that we need to `` respect his leadership '' , putting our needs above our own and that we do this `` as a choice made out of our reverence of God '' . The Greek translation of the word `` respect '' supposedly means `` to be in awe of , to revere '' . Please , give me a break , what kind of nonsense is this ! I do not use swear words , but a lot of those came flooding to my mind listening to this nonsense . Respecting someone as an equal is one thing , but her version of respect is just abhorrently submissive . I have to give it to her , she interviewed 400 church-going guys and , as she mentioned , gave them a two dozen questions . To write an entire book based on this and make money off it , that really is an achievement . Sorry , I ca n't review anything past the first 22 minutes or so , it turns my stomach . I bought this book based on the first few great customer reviews , I guess most of the population out there is far more religious than I am . Too bad I ca n't return the audiobook , this was the worst purchase I ever made .
 This book is great for newlyweds that know little or nothing about each other or for couples that do not communicate . But we 've been married over 11 years and we communicate great so nothing in this book was news to me . Not only I had read the same information `` about men '' in other books , I knew exactly how my husband would have answered her survey questions . We have read numerous books about being a couple and there are better books by Tim & Beverly LaHaye as well as Kevin Lehman.There 's very little `` Christian '' guidance in this book . It 's simply a presentation of the results of her survey of men with her own personal commentary .
 For Men Only by Shaunti Feldhahn is an odd book . It 's a combination of mildly interesting , rather lackadaisical research and the same old advice that women 's magazines have been recycling for decades.The basic gist of this book is that most women have NO IDEA what men really think . OK , fine . The problem is , even though she claims this is not an `` advice '' book , she goes on to tell women we should all rush right out and change our whole approach to our relationships . In Fehnmann 's view it is the woman 's job to do all the work in the relationship . To the old-fashioned chestnuts `` treat him sweet , be a good cook and keep the house clean '' are added `` look great and be a tigress in bed - but only if he happens to like tigresses . '' Oh , and also the rather obvious advice that men do n't like to be put down by their wives/girlfriends in public , and therefore we must make a huge effort to always be supportive and never , ever question his judgment , because it 's just too devastating for his ego . Finally , be sure to tell your husband/boyfriend how wonderful he is instead of always asking him to do things -LRB- ?!? -RRB- What decade is this woman living in ? OK , I 'm all for being respectful , as long as it 's mutual . I agree that I should probably thank my husband more for the help he gives me , and we already have a policy -LRB- notice the word WE -RRB- never to put each other down in public . Actually we try really hard not to put each other down anyway , because we love each other . However , this book really raised my hackles , because of all the pressure on women today to excel at work , at home and as a mother , and be thin , groomed and sexy like the women we see on tv . What we do n't need is another book saying , `` yes , you have to do all those things if you want to be a good wife and a good Christian , and by the way , here are a few more to add to your list . '' We do n't need another book that tells us that if our man has a midlife crisis , it 's our fault for not being thin/beautiful/organized / supportive enough . And we definitely do n't need a book that relieves men of all responsibility to help out at home , understand the pressure women are under , or comprehend what a difficult job raising children is , whether you work outside the home or not . This is not good advice . I 'm a Christian , a stay-home mom , my husband has a good job and is very supportive , and I hated this book . For a woman who 's struggling with financial difficulties , depression , medical issues or other family problems , it could well push her over the edge.I wo n't even get into the incredible naivete of the author in being surprised and shocked that men check out other women pretty much all the time , and that sex is important to them . Duh ! The explanation for this is that ` they 're hard-wired that way ' . In fact , the gist of this book is that men are hard-wired , and that means women do all the changing to accommodate them . I think we 've progressed a little beyond that . At least , some of us have.I 'm truly surprised by all the positive reviews . In my view , you should n't read this book unless you want to be depressed and/or angry .
 My boyfriend gave me this book in hopes that I would read it and think that what it was saying was insightful and profound . He thought it could help make me into the woman he wanted me to be . I just want to say to the women that are considering buying this book
 Most of the chapters in this book were okay , and maybe a little helpful . However , my problem is with the chapter called `` Men 's Visual Rolodex '' which is basically about how all men notice attractive women , and struggle to keep from picturing them naked . I 'm trying to figure out why Mrs. Feldhahn thought wives needed to know this information . It has in no way helped me , and has actually made my self-confidence plummet to unbelievable lows . Mrs. Feldhahn attempts to soften the blow by explaining that while your husband may find other women attractive , it has no effect on his love for you . She actually recommends that wives and husbands should notice attractive women together -- make it a game -- and that the husband should use this opportunity to reaffirm his wife as his choice . My solution ? Tear out this chapter , before you read the book . If you do , you wo n't have to bother making anything into a game , and you can go on as before thinking your husband only has eyes for you . And if you decide , for whatever reason to read the chapter -- do not under any circumstances read it with your husband or ask for his input . At least , then you can think to yourself `` My husband is n't like those other men . He would never ... '' If you do as I say , you 'll live happily ever after , with your confidence intact .
 Firstly , this book is extremely generalized and while it is well meant it was prepared and written poorly.The authoress is long winded and does not get to the point . Her language is unusual and out of touch , and somehow she found people to write the quotations she uses with these same words , `` clod '' and `` cad '' for example . I do not believe I have ever heard a normal man describe himself or another as either of those terms -- they simply are not part of modern vernacular.Her research was conducted in an unscientific method . Enough people were not interviewed for a scientific result , making this study and its results skewed . Good examples of literature that was researched scientifically
 I dont know how much research the author did before writing this book , but even with the sparse facts that do exist , it would have been possible to write a book that is both an interesting read and factual in terms of what is known.Instead the author chose otherwise and I was highly dissapointed because of that . If your looking for a well done and factual novel based on the legend of Calico Jack , Anne Bonney and Mary Read , try James Nelson 's `` The Only Life That Mattered '' .
 Note
 I did n't find this book poetic , mood-evoking , or compelling at all . The writing is artsy-fartsy affectation . Not to mention shallow and trite.I 've been reading books by and about the Brontes for most of my life . This includes literary criticism , biographies , and fictional novels based on their lives . With fiction a writer can speculate , take some liberties , expand on ideas concerning a famous literary genius ' personality . That 's to be expected and the result is often alluring . However , in this novel , there seems to be no setting of historical place . We have no idea if and when we are in the 18-teens , when Branwell was born , or the 1840 's , when Branwell died . There is no background , no atmosphere , whether of the Yorkshire moors or England itself . Branwell Bronte 's father and famous literary sisters are just names to be mentioned , shadowy puppets in the background , stick figures enacting the simplest reactions . There 's no description - just a queasy glut of mood , if that 's what it 's to be called . The inferrence of Branwell 's activities is the worst of all . The author coyly skirts around Branwell 's `` depravity '' , never settling in on naming it , only hinting at what might have occurred , and slithering the supposed events over with an oily , liquor-and-laudenaum-soaked fog of guessing.Reknown Bronte historian and researcher Juliet Barker has proven without doubt , in discovering transcribed eyewitness accounts of the time , that Branwell Bronte did indeed have a sexual affair with his employer , Lydia Robinson , which was the direct cause for his dismissal as the Robinson son 's tutor . He also known to have impregnanted one , perhaps two young women in neighborhoods where he was elsewhere employed . Whether or not he was also engaged in clandestine homosexual activities is something which has not been sufficiently proven even though it 's been popular to hint at it for the past three decades -LRB- Barker refutes it , as well as do other contemporary Bronte biographers -RRB- , but this was Branwell 's own personal business anyway . What he definitely was not was a pedophile preying upon the child of the family for whom he worked . Artistic license has gone too far and made a sympathetic if pitiful historical figure repugnant , and to not zero in on the reactions of the protagonists , the effects upon all concerned , however fictional this device , is a cop-out . Instead the smarmy curtain of `` mood '' remains.I think this book was a sorry failure at what it was attempting . Immediately upon finishing - for I forced myself to get through the entire thing - I tossed it into the giveaway pile - only because I ca n't bear to throw any book , no matter how bad , into the garbage can .
 The cover of this book makes it look like a book of photo-copyable pages , each with small squares on it to give to kids as `` do nows '' before each day 's lesson . It 's not . The book 's `` 5-minute problems '' are a list of problems , much like on the MCAS where each problem builds on the previous one . There is no separation.I wanted a book of completely autonomous 5-minute math problems to give to my kids . What I got was an MCAS prep book .
 I bought this book to keep my son , who just finished fourth grade , interested in math and to allow him to maintain progress starting from what he had learned over the previous year . The book promised fun problems that would not take long to complete.The problems in the book were essentially the same type of exercises as my son had been assigned in school over the prior two years , by which he had been bored . They were neither particularly interesting nor conceptually challenging . My son read a few and had no interest in doing them . I looked through the book to find two somewhat conceptually interesting exercises -LRB- which I still did not find all that interesting -RRB- and told my son he should do those . He did them within 30 seconds . That the was the last time he looked at the book.In short the book did not help maintain my son 's interest in math over the summer .
 Despite the best effort of the concerned parties , a parting of the ways occurred.Now the book is a doorstop . The end .
 After reading snippets of this book from time to time , and being frustrated and amazed at how many errors in how many code snippets could get through the editors , I finally turned to this website to see if others had observed the same problem . The first couple of reviewers hit the nail on the head . The index is a joke . The multitudinous typos in the code have me going to my machine just to check my understanding . It 's become difficult to believe or trust anything in this book , but like one other reviewer said `` Maybe that 's a good thing . '' The book could be used for a contest - see how many errors are possible when the editors do n't give a damn . Shame on you McGraw Hill for allowing this book to hit the shelves - you should do a mass recall - send in the front cover and get a corrected edition . It seems that the authors at times really know their stuff , and could teach a lot , but this is all foiled in error , after error , after error . I just got done reading a two page spread that had five code snippets - I believe three of these had serious printout errors . -LRB- I have n't confirmed this yet , but I 'm getting tired of incorrect code . -RRB- Fire the editors , or whomever rushed this book to print , just to get shelf space - what a sad statement on American publishing - get that shelf space - I think that person should get out of publishing and go to work for Coca-Cola or Pepsi and let the book world alone . Terrible business practice . The other reviewers who give this a five star review are probably friends of the authors - sorry , guys , but this book with this edition should be trashed - it reminds me of the poor quality that TAB books used to put out - BTW , were n't they purchased by McGraw-Hill a number of years ago - could the same marketeers still be there - RECALL THIS BOOK MCGRAW HILL IF YOU HAVE ANY DECENCY - CONGRESS WOULD FORCE YOU TOO IF YOU WERE MANUFACTURING CARS !
 I have read through a good portion of the book - however , I am not new to Perl . This book is riddled with errors . For instance , take a look at the function simple_recursion on page 151 . This is an infinite loop ! On page 216 , the author talks about dereferencing complex data structures and describes -LRB- very poorly , I might add -RRB- - three rules , numbered 1,2 and 3 . And then he refers to the nonexistent rules No. 4 and No. 2b on page 218 ! These are just a couple of instances that I have mentioned here . Virtually every page has such errors that it really takes the joy out of learning new concepts . If you are new to perl , stay away from this book . Pick a copy of the Llama book , or better yet , buy the PERL CD bookshelf . Read the Llama book first , cover to cover . I am giving this two stars - because there is some good in it if you read it in conjunction with the Perl CD bookshelf . I really think that McGraw Hill should give the -LRB- corrected -RRB- second edition free to those who unwittingly bought a copy of the first edition .
 This is one of the most unorganized books I have ever read . I just started learning Perl , and I used this book because it was available in the library . I read up to chapter 10 . One big problem with this book is that the Index is very short and the book is huge , so most of the time I can not find a reference pointer to the subject I am interested . The index is basically useless . So I have wasted a lot of time trying to find information about a specific subject by browsing the book until I found a relevant heading . There seems to be tones of information in this book but , the organization is terrible ; it is as if they had just dumped a lot of scattered information into one book , without beeing concerned about the logical flow . After chapter 10 , the topics are very advanced , but they are not introduced properly . There is the assumption that you already know a lot of object oriented programming . I have given up on this book and threw it away . I never write book reviews but I felt compelled to do it today , because this book just got to my nerves by wasting so much of my time . I hope you do n't waste your money on this book .
 I purchased the book as a reference guide on how to 's . There were some good examples on email and ole . But the overall discussions were terrible . And the index was lame . I do n't recommend buying the book .
 Perl 5 Complete is very readable , but has a bit of a problem with typos . I 've logged dozens in the first couple hundred pages ... Here are couple of my favorites -LRB- note that the inablility to use HTML tags hampers the readablilty somewhat -RRB- : < Example 1 > page 89 , which has no less than 3 typos :1 -RRB- Figure 3.3 shows clearly that if@array = -LRB- 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , ` string1 ' , ` string2 ' -RRB- ; thenprint @array -LSB- 2,3 -RSB- ; prints the 3rd and fourth members of @array -LRB- ie
 I received two Amazon customer review emails but i can reply it , because i still have n't received the book . I wo n't purchase this book thro ' Speedy Hen Ltd if i know that it needs two months to come ! I 'd have finished my course when the book arrive . I purchased another book at the same day -LRB- June 18 -RRB- on Amazon from another dealer . I received it two weeks later and I 've read half of it already !
 I was appalled at Gerald Morris 's depiction of the mother of Jesus . I wonder if he would want his own mother portrayed in such a manner ? Since he is a baptist minister I ca n't believe he thought Our Lord would want us to picture His own mother , chosen by God above all others to hold within her womb His divine Son , as seductive . There is also a dialog between Sir Gwain and a priest where Sir Gwain is supposedly confessing his sins and the priest swears at him . A married woman also spent time with Sir Gwain in an invisible nightgown . I do n't want my boys reading such material .
 Beware of this edition , from Bottom of the Hill Publishing . It should be Bottom of the Bucket publishing!It is NOT professionally typeset . The layout is unacceptable . No Preface , nothing about the author ! The chapters have no numbers and they start on a left-hand page ! Footnotes appear in the copy . Spacing between every paragraph . They did n't use typographer 's quotes . No italics , which is used for emphasis . It is just disgusting!We have let so much quality slip past us to save to dime but you will regret this savings . I love this book and wanted to give several copies as gifts , but not to graphic designers ! It is an insult to my profession .
 I was disgusted by this publisher 's product . The stupid disclaimer was insulting . I also found the cover choice to be poor . I suggest Amazon might be a bit more selective in the publishers they use . I returned all four copies and ended up buying the Graywolf version from B&N .
 I must confess I 'm baffled by some of the rave reviews I 've read of this book . I 'm not sure where I got this copy , but I added it to my collection . I tried , several times , to get into it , but always looked for something more substantial after reading a few pages . So , I confess
 Undoubtedly Mrs. Ueland was a nice woman but this book is self-indulgent fluff . All she says in the entire book is , `` If you want to write , write ; everything you write will be worthy simply because you are a unique human being . '' If that inspires you , read the book -LRB- even though you now know every thought contained therein -RRB- .
 I liked the ideas in the book but I found the voice so condescending I was unable to finish it . First off the author writes as if what works for her works for everyone . WHen I encountered teh following sentance I just lost interest `` They say a mexican will sit on his hauches for hours smoking a cigarette and happily looking at nothing for hours ''
 First , this book is a reissue of one written decades ago . Eleanor Roosevelt and Herbert Hoover figure in it , with others whose lifestyles disappeared around the time I was born seventy years ago . Second , the text is padded with largely irrelevant material quoted from luminaries and her students ' writing assignments . Third , I forced myself to finish reading this book only to realize I had gained nothing from my efforts -- no inspiration , no practical advice , not even a moment of enjoyment . Save your money !
 I downloaded the sample for this book , and then decided to read the whole thing . I wish I 'd stopped with the sample . It boils down to , If you want to write , do it or you 'll kill the creative spirit within you.I got a lot more practical advice from The War of Art by Steven Pressfield .
 This book is based upon Brenda Ueland 's experience teaching creative writing to adults and her success at freeing many of her students from inhibitions that prevented them from writing well . It is basically a `` pep talk '' for anyone who thinks they can not write or have nothing important to say . And it has some interesting insights about the mysterious nature of inspiration and the role leisure plays in creativity . -LSB- `` Leisure
 It appears I have missed the boat on this book . I struggled with to find all the wisdom everyone was clamoring about . After a week I was still only on page 28 . Sorry , but the book obviously did not `` speak '' to me . I am glad others found some gems .
 Do n't buy this book . It is missing the front pages . There is no title page , legal details page , table of contents , preface , etc. . It starts abruptly on page 3 . I told Amazon this in my replacement request . They sent me an equally defective book . Save your money and time .
 I bought this book because I read some reviews online about the book . I found the book underwhelming . She does n't share anything that I have n't known or read , or heard . It 's repetitive . I kept on waiting for the punchline , or the ` aha ' , but never got to that .
 This low rating is NOT for Ms. Ueland 's WONDERFUL book , but for the poor job -LRB- and that 's being kind -RRB- `` executed '' by Bottom of the Hill -LRB- or is it `` pile '' ? -RRB- . It has RUINED the aesthetics and sheer presence in the hand of an incredible , inspiring book for the creative writer . DO NOT buy this version . It looks like a vanity press gone even more wrong . The pages have no gutters , there are typos , no bio on Ms. Ueland which is VITAL to understanding the philosophy of this book . The cover `` art '' cheapens the subject matter -LRB- `` Once upon a time '' ???! WHAT !!? -RRB- . Ms. Ueland would be appalled to see her work presented in such a cheap way . What a disgrace . The publisher should be ASHAMED.It does n't even have the original pub date -- 1938 -- in the nearly non-existent front matter . It reads
 I found this woman to be a bit crazy . One minute she 's saying that you should never ever criticize someone 's writing , next minute she 's telling us which sample of writing is better than the other and which we should emulate . She actually says that her students ' writing was better than someone who 's already been published , which was alright at first but after about 10 different examples of her bashing the published writer , I found her to be quite pompous . All writing is subjective , and I do n't see what gives her the right to tell us which writing is BETTER than another , based on HER point of view . I felt like I was being yanked around by a leash . She also says we should just sit around being lazy and idle , and that it 's a good thing . I 'm sorry , I just do n't see it her way . It 's like a recipe for disaster . Anyway , that 's just my take on it . Take from it what you will .
 This book is considerably boring !! It provided me information that I already know . I definitely recommend this book to amateurs only !!
 This is my first exposure to this book so I 'm left wondering if all the printings are the same . While the content is overall okay , the printing of this book is awful . The most terrible , and ironic , problem is there are typos everywhere including the back cover . Buy a different printing , maybe you 'll have better luck . Sure wish I 'd saved my return slip .
 This book is very conversational in style with `` footnote '' references on nearly every page that explain or defend Ueland 's ideas or judgment . I almost felt as if I were reading a book written by a teen . Apparently there are many would be artists of every sort , writers in particular , who have no confidence to even begin their art . After the first chapter , I began reading the book faster and faster because I got tired of reading the refrain `` You are unique , you need confidence '' etc. . Her editor did n't catch an important missing word and the passages included for demonstration are in the same font as Ueland 's , so often it is cloudy whether the paragraph is a continuation of the quote or Ueland 's words . I am happy for those who were inspired by Ueland 's suggestions . The ideas were valid , just overstated .
 First of all - English is my second language , I am deeply sorry for my mistakes . -- It is hard to describe my disappointment with Ueland 's book . What a waste of time and money . It is so short , yet so painfully repetitive , filled with long excerpts taken from diaries and letters of few famous artists -LRB- mostly van Gogh , Blake and `` Great Russians '' -RRB- and pupils from Ueland 's writing class.While the author often mocks the great writers that she personally does not like -LRB- Steinbeck ? Scott Fitzgerald , seriously ? -RRB- , her own style is desperately dull and non-inventive . Not to mention useless tirades full of Coelho'esque esoteric cliches and countless references to God and Christianity.What really irritated me was the contrast between her -LRB- self-proclaimed -RRB- modesty and frequent , mean attacks against everyone , who does not blindly flow with his or her emotions and contempt for everyone , who dares to think critically -LRB- her advice for a man that brought up his kids in rational atmosphere - `` I think he might as well have taken them out in the backyard and killed them with an ax '' -RRB- . All these tendencies culminate in the Chapter XVII , which basically encourages all people to become compulsive writers and just fill the world with nonsensical flood of words . In the last paragraphs Ueland expresses her conviction , that emotions -LRB- unlike arguments and facts -RRB- are always a great positive force . I simply can not agree with that - many mass murderers and tyrants considered themselves artists , without reason and moral introspection art can be a great destructive force , too!Ueland finishes with following words
 Typical Feinstein -LRB- `` A Season on the Brink '' excepted -RRB- . Quick , gossipy , superficial , fawning , etc. , etc. . This book is about the 2002 U.S. Open Golf Championship at the Bethpage Black Golf Course , a New York State Park course on Long Island . The subtitle , `` Inside the Ropes at Bethpage Black , '' is used here as a figure of speech , meaning `` behind the scenes . '' -LRB- `` Inside the ropes '' is normally used in the context of a professional golf tournament to refer to the actual playing area itself -- spectators are separated from the golfers , caddies , officials , and other chosen few by thin ropes that tell the spectators how close they can get to the action . -RRB- Feinstein 's purpose is to give the reader a look at the unfolding of a golf tournament from its conception to its completion . We see U.S Golf Association -LRB- the organization that conducts the tournament -RRB- leaders in action and learn something about the logistics of putting on a golf tournament -LRB- e.g. , 4,850 people willing to volunteer their time so that the professional golfers and U.S.G.A. can have a huge payday -RRB- , about random qualifiers and random competitors , and about the resurrection of the Black golf course . Yet the book does not fulfill its promise . My guess is that Feinstein 's indebted to too many golf people for both his past and anticipated future lifestyle to offer the kind of critical insights and analysis I had hoped for .
 I was so disappointed in this book . Having read most of Feinsteins other works . It was certainly not , '' Inside the Ropes '' , as the sub title implies.I was totally bored by the business end of the open . Aside from the introduction , the golfers don t enter the book for about three hundred pages.I found myself skimming to get to the good stuff , which took a long time to materialize .
 Mostly rubbish - as a book and especially as a Feinstein book.John Feinstein broke new ground with `` A Season On The Brink '' and successfully used the same formula with `` The Majors '' and `` A Good Walk Spoiled '' -LRB- although the former was a better book -RRB- . `` The Open '' is confirmation that Feinstein has completely adopted a paint-by-numbers approach . A typical paragraph/chapter follows : ... John Doe was a skilled high school/college golfer , eventually lowering his handicap to 3 . He thought about joining the minitours or becoming a club/range pro but was offered a job with < insert corporation > out of the blue . Through mutual contacts , he met < insert USGA staffer > and acted as a < insert golf tournament job > at a local qualifier . He eventually worked his way up the USGA ladder and is now responsible for < insert title or duties > at the US Open and other national USGA events ... There are two big problems with this approach :1 -RRB- Feinstein tries his hardest to portray each person as unique , but this Mad Libs style of writing gets repetitive when applied to dozens of individuals .2 -RRB- It 's a transparent attempt to humanize some of the stuffed shirts at the USGA . Unfortunately , some of them are beyond rehabilitation . Tom Meeks , in particular , comes off as even more arrogant and pigheaded -LRB- which is quite an accomplishment , in a way -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's an East Coast/Long Island/political thing , but there are far too many groups who demand some form of tribute before they will cooperate . Feinstein attempts to portray the local governments , police , and transportation officials as helpful but watchful ; instead , they come off looking like the tinhorns they are . The Masters , the Memorial , any number of tournaments are carried off year after year with similar crowds and logistical problems , but those events are not treated like a moon shot . Our own wonderful Department of Energy -LRB- of the people , by the people , for the people ... or something -RRB- causes problems by refusing to allow vans transporting the players to the 10th tee to drive on their precious service road . In short , the tournament was carried off in spite of all the ` help ' the USGA received , not because of it.I 'm sure Feinstein stayed up late trying to think of a way to inject his buddies on tour , particularly Paul Goydos , into the storyline . As luck would have it , Goydos had the very first tee time of the Open , so we are treated to more incredibly boring coverage of this journeyman . This ` everyman ' approach worked well in Feinstein 's first golf book , but three volumes later it has been worn threadbare.As others have stated , if you 're looking for coverage/insight into the top names in golf , read the newspaper or GolfWorld . If you are dying to find out how Suzy Smith sets up her armada of cash registers in the merchandise tent , pick up a copy of `` The Open . ''
 He writes with a lot of descriptive detail , to a fualt . Every person he mentions gets their biography put in . Way too much extra junk about people no one would ever here of . Chapters start out with the continuing story and quickly break down into the life story of some high ranking account for the PGA , and so on . Read only if you need to get some sleep .
 I like Feinstein 's work but this book is a bore . The first 100 pages are mini-biographies of USGA staff . Someone out there must find interesting which college basketball team is the favorite of the USGA publicity director , but I am at loss to understand whom .
 I bought this book anticipating another great read like
 The subtitle should be , `` Inside the Port-o-Johns at Bethpage Black , '' because Feinstein devotes many pages to the man who set up all those portable toilets that lined the golf course , every last one , even one that Tiger briefly did some business in ! The guy who unloaded the Port-o-Johns off the truck is interesting for about a clause , but we get page after page of this guy . You 'd think he was the Pope of Bethpage Black . If you want to know fascinating stuff like the PRECISE NUMBER of Port-O-Johns that actually lined the golf course , then attempt to burrow your way through Open . The playing of golf -- I 'm talking about the first actual golf shot of the tournament -- does n't make its first appearance until page 256 . At that point , the book is more than two-thirds over !!! Feinstein phoned this one in . Did someone edit this ? He should have called it , `` A Good Open Spoiled . '' Do n't waste your money .
 Mostly rubbish - as a book and especially as a Feinstein book.John Feinstein broke new ground with `` A Season On The Brink '' and successfully used the same formula with `` The Majors '' and `` A Good Walk Spoiled '' -LRB- although the former was a better book -RRB- . `` The Open '' is confirmation that Feinstein has completely adopted a paint-by-numbers approach . A typical paragraph/chapter follows : ... John Doe was a skilled high school/college golfer , eventually lowering his handicap to 3 . He thought about joining the minitours or becoming a club/range pro but was offered a job with < insert corporation > out of the blue . Through mutual contacts , he met < insert USGA staffer > and acted as a < insert golf tournament job > at a local qualifier . He eventually worked his way up the USGA ladder and is now responsible for < insert title or duties > at the US Open and other national USGA events ... There are two big problems with this approach :1 -RRB- Feinstein tries his hardest to portray each person as unique , but this Mad Libs style of writing gets repetitive when applied to dozens of individuals .2 -RRB- It 's a transparent attempt to humanize some of the stuffed shirts at the USGA . Unfortunately , some of them are beyond rehabilitation . Tom Meeks , in particular , comes off as even more arrogant and pigheaded -LRB- which is quite an accomplishment , in a way -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's an East Coast/Long Island/political thing , but there are far too many groups who demand some form of tribute before they will cooperate . Feinstein attempts to portray the local governments , police , and transportation officials as helpful but watchful ; instead , they come off looking like the tinhorns they are . The Masters , the Memorial , any number of tournaments are carried off year after year with similar crowds and logistical problems , but those events are not treated like a moon shot . Our own wonderful Department of Energy -LRB- of the people , by the people , for the people ... or something -RRB- causes problems by refusing to allow vans transporting the players to the 10th tee to drive on their precious service road . In short , the tournament was carried off in spite of all the ` help ' the USGA received , not because of it.I 'm sure Feinstein stayed up late trying to think of a way to inject his buddies on tour , particularly Paul Goydos , into the storyline . As luck would have it , Goydos had the very first tee time of the Open , so we are treated to more incredibly boring coverage of this journeyman . This ` everyman ' approach worked well in Feinstein 's first golf book , but three volumes later it has been worn threadbare.As others have stated , if you 're looking for coverage/insight into the top names in golf , read the newspaper or GolfWorld . If you are dying to find out how Suzy Smith sets up her armada of cash registers in the merchandise tent , pick up a copy of `` The Open . ''
 The idea had promise , but Feinstein could n't identify and develop the more interesting aspects of what goes on behind the scenes to stage a US Open . He reveals that Bethpage Black was always a great course , without giving any supporting reasons why . He goes into minute detail of meaningless stuff like the family histories of junior USGA staffers , yet totally fails to address the efforts or process of renovating the condition of a run-down muni course to US Open standards . He teases us with one anecdote describing USGA exec David Fay 's practice of putting together US Open pairings with humorous threesomes such as `` Jerk Groups '' , without naming who the `` jerks '' were.About the only interesting thing I can say about this book is that , with Feinstein 's history of treating almost every single human being in every one of his books as a saint , it is truly an indictment when he portrays someone in a negative light . In the past it was Bobby Knight -LRB- A Season On The Brink -RRB- , in this book it is Tiger Woods , who he refers to as `` soulless '' , callous , unforgiving , and like most of the other characters in this book , uninteresting .
 I am really ticked off and feel that somebody at Little , Brown publishing co. owes me $ 26 . This is the worst book about golf I 've ever read , and I 've read a lot.Feinstein is generally a fantastic writer and in the past I 've really enjoyed his stuff ... so imagine how disappointing this was when I found out that it not only was NOT his usual great work ... and that in reality , this one is really a 5-star stinker.Here 's the problem
 This book contains the common mistake that Hey Jude is their most successful , meaning best selling , single . It is n't . It 's I Want To Hold Your Hand.It 's a significant Beatles fact and easy to find . A look at Wikipedia for a start and The Top Ten Of Everything . There 's more . Even Debrett 's . It strikes me these authors just quote each other and do n't look externally.Not only that , the author states Hey Jude was issued in 1967 ! A look at the record label was all that was needed to find it was 1968 . Not only that , this same pair of significant mistakes is in the new edition as in the old . This makes me think there 's been no fact checking or revision . What 's more if this book gets such easily checkable facts wrong how can we trust the more esoteric stuff in it?If you want to know about each Beatles song get hold of The Playboy Interviews for John 's versions , Many Years From Now for Paul 's and Revolution In The Head for a thorough neutral analysis . It 's all in these and you need no more . There are many books like this one which I find offer nothing new .
 The most obvious mistake which any Beatles fan will discover is the colored picture of The Beatles riding on a sleigh , stating it was from the film A Hard Day 's night . Wrong ! It was from help . Hello Mr. Turner.Second , so far , in Paperback Writer , it mentions that the studio engineer responsible for the great bass sound was Ken Townsend . It Was Geoff Emmerick that was now the engineer from Revolver on . Read '' Here , There & Everywhere - My Life Recording The Beatles '' , by Geoff Emmerick .
 I was extremely disappointed with this book . I could n't even believe how biased towards Paul McCartney it was ! On many of John Lennon 's songs , there is either no more than a paragraph written about it , or it says how Paul was really the `` innovator '' but `` John got the credit for the innovation '' . It was completely ridiculous . I agree with the reviewer who said this book was another attempt of Paul McCartney 's to re-write Beatles history , what with the author trying to portray John as a lesser talent via snide little remarks scattered throughout the book.Even if this book was completely neutral , I would have disliked it , because it does n't always cite the inspirations for the songs , or explain the influences for writing them . It mainly explains what the song is about , which is a waste considering all you would have to do is read the lyrics of the song.To fans who are interested in the real history of The Beatles ' songs , hit the Internet . Of course a lot of the information is only speculation , but that 's better than what you 'll get from this book .
 When A Hard Days Write came out in 1994 I grabbed this book forthe stories and the great photos . I 've always had awarm place in my heart for the Beatles , and thinkthat this book is the best of kind.I have a number of excellent books on rock and rolland this book belongs on the same shelf with the rest.Steve Turner has written about many pop and rock iconsand his writing is authentic , an important factor inany book I decide to read.If you have a genuine interest in the Beatles and mostparticularly the sonwriting of Lennon and McCartney , A Hard Days Write should be on your bookshelf .
 This book read like another attempt to re-write history by Paul McCartney.Too much innuendo and wanting of more historical fact .
 As much as I tried to get into the book , I felt like there was too much effort to talk about a whole lot of things in a short time . There were so many events that took place , and not enough time spent to explain clearly the situation , or give a better history to the dynamics of what was happening ... I also felt that the translation could have taken a lot of what the real intent was . I was not able to live the story , and get involved to what was taking place ...
 In my humble opinion this book should have been classified as a more win32 api programming book . When I purchased it I was hoping to have a referenced comparison between systems programming in NT 4.00 and 2000 . When I refer to Systems programming I refer to device driver , I/O control systems , File Systems , etc. . A really big disapointment was the section on Security , Kerberos was only mentioned in the last section of the chapter.The order of topics seems strange , I guess I do not understand why ActiveX received a 100 pages in the second chapter while memory management received 20 in chapter 7 .
 This book has lots of good tutorials but virtualy no technical information on the MP3 format . Also , there is not much information for musicians who want to promote their music on the Web .
 we used it for small group and everyone complained that it was good bedtime reading material if you needed something to put you to sleep . we did not get a lot from it or find it overly insightful .
 `` A book riven by self-contradictions and flawed by a hermeneutic so naive it beggars belief . Railing against judgment , Boyd issues sweeping judgments against the church throughout its entire history -- judgments that rest almost entirely on sheer assertion . ''
 It seems to me that Gregory Boyd would need to argue his case as if to convince the Apostle Paul of his thesis , or at least deal with 1 Corinthians 5 in detail , maybe even a whole chapter on just this chapter in the New Testament , before he could expect evangelicals to be convinced . In 1 Corinthians 5 , Paul says things like , `` Even though I am not physically present , I am with you in spirit . And I have already passed judgment on the one who did this -LRB- the particular sexual sin -RRB- , just as if I were present . '' The action and attitude of Paul seems to contradict the approach Dr. Boyd is trying to communicate with sin and sinners in the church . He needs to spend time explaining and arguing in same way how Paul 's approach fits in with his thesis . The Apostle also writes further , `` What business is it of mine to judge -LRB- krinein -RRB- those outside the church ? ARE YOU NOT TO JUDGE -LRB- KRINETE -RRB- THOSE INSIDE THE CHURCH ? '' While Dr. Boyd mentions this passage he does n't deal with it in the way he needs to in order to demonstrate to everyone that what he is saying is truly compatible with what the Apostle Paul is saying , because what he is saying and what Paul is saying seem to contradict each other in many ways . For example , Dr. Boyd says that the only setting for any kind of correction would be perhaps in a small group where a relationship of trust has been built between the person correcting and the person in need of correction . But how does the Apostle Paul 's correction in 1 Corinthians 5 come anywhere close to that ? Paul is writing from outside the church , addressing a situation and speaking of a person to whom he does n't know -LRB- as best we can tell -RRB- . But if that is so , the Apostle is already violating a guideline Dr. Boyd sets down in his thesis . But the Apostle seems to be violating all kinds of the guidelines Dr. Boyd lays down in the book . Another example , Paul judges the man and does n't seem to take into consideration the man 's background , experiences , and reasons why he may be involved in such a sin -- another violation of one of Dr. Boyd 's principles in his thesis . And on and on it goes . My point is that the book `` Repenting of Religion
 To be honest , I truly wanted this book to be true . It speaks many truths , but not the WHOLE TRUTH.How can judged sinners experience God 's love in hell?How can wrath be dispensed ` lovingly ' ? The Bible most Christians are familiar with strongly disagrees with the author 's well-intentioned advice and manmade doctrines.The Old Testament closes with a stern warning in love for those who would be turned to repent of sin -LRB- not so much repenting of religion , although religious sin is especially damning -RRB- - see Malachi for yourself.The New Testament closes with the Book of Revelation , which perhaps the author is unfamiliar with . In love it is asked that he and those who find this book having some verisimilitude to investigate how God not only feels about sin , but beast followers who refuse to repent . Love and Wrath need to be equally addressed , but once Love runs out , Wrath kicks in -LRB- about which there is nothing loving or compassionate as this book seems to understand the concept . -RRB- Actually as the greatest act of love next to sacrificing Himself on the Cross for sin , Jesus warned His audience - and us too - more of Hell 's heat than of Heaven 's light . Read the Gospels for yourself as to what Jesus ' emphasis was - not just to the religious , but the irreligious.A new book is needed as companion to this volume
 Classic case of a guy who picks a few verses to make a point , while completely ignoring huge sections of scripture . The assumption that judgment and love are in polar opposition to one another is foolish at best , deceptive at worst . God loves unconditionally , and at the same time judges righteously . Paul instructed the Corinthian church to pass judgment on a fellow believer , out of love for him . The author also says we should never make conclusions based on good and evil , and that to do so is repeating the sin of Adam & Eve - apparently forgetting the fact that the Bible is filled with instructions regarding good and evil!he says we should never judge others and that to do so indicates hypocrisy and a lack of love - his book , however , is filled with judgments cast at believers and churches based on the author 's assumptions about their motives . He assumes that any a believer -LRB- other than him -RRB- evaluates another person 's behavior we are obviously trying to cover up some sin in our own lives . I think Paul , Moses , Nathan , Elijah , Jesus , and pretty much all of the prophets who spent significant chunks of time confronting others about their sin , would disagree . Maybe - just maybe - sometimes we confront sin not to try to elevate ourselves - but out of genuine love and concern for another person 's spiritual well-being . Maybe sometimes we confront sin not out of hypocrisy but out of a love for and commitment to truth and holiness as revealed in God 's Word.On top of all this he bases most of his theology on his own fanciful interpretation of what the tree of the knowledge of good and evil represents . The original sin , he says , was judgment . I 'm not sure who he thinks Adam and Eve were judging when they ate the fruit , but it seems to me the original sin was disobedience to a simple command . Call me crazy.This book is highly misleading and inexcusably unbalanced . It does not represent Scripture or the character of God . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 What could have been a solid admonition of the church to practice more love and less judgmentalism comes off too harsh , unlovingly intolerant and ironically judgmental itself.First , there is hyper-interpretation of the meaning of the Tree of Knowledge of Good & Evil that is the basis for the argument . Gen.2-3 state both Tree of Life and Tree of Knowledge were in the `` Midst '' = Center of the garden . This incidental reference to tree location is extrapolated as Central Thesis into what can only be called Theologorrhea
 Tragically misconceived . As if the angry author is venting against perceived mistreatment at the hands of the evangelical church . To suggest Christians ` replicate ' God on earth by somehow mystically participating in the Trinitarian Divine Dance is turning from Biblical accuracy to sloppy , sentimental parachristianity - on the fringe , outside , beyond what Scripture plainly teaches . If only the judgmental author could see the speck in his own eye when he attempts eye-surgery on the broader evangelical community he attacks ! He should repent of his own ` righteouser-than-thou ' religious attitude of self-appointed fruit inspector of imperfect churches that need Jesus ' message of Revelation 's 7 Letters , not this claptrap .
 One star for the good point of urging Christians to avoid Judgmentalism . Toward self or others , believers or not . Amen.Much of the rest of the book is a disquisition on SOME aspects of the Character of God to the omission of HOLY HOLY HOLY.Jonah is quoted from where God spares the Ninevites by sheer mercy . Overlooks Nahum a little later in history where grace period runs out and God 's HOLY WRATH executes Divine Judgment on Nineveh which earlier had been spared.John 3:16 is majored on which is fine . But where is John 3:18 ?? whoever believes in Jesus is not condemned , but whoever does not believe STANDS CONDEMNED ALREADY because of unbelief in Jesus ' Name.Discerning Christian readers taking warning against judgmentalism to heart need also to take warning against overemphasis of ONLY ONE SIDE of the issue.God 's HOLY HOLY HOLY Character needs equal emphasis.Reading this book gave the impression of God SOLELY as Lover , Relater,Friend-of-Sinners , Welcomer-to-Heaven , Parent , Compadre , Embracer , Forgiver , etc. and that 's fine to a degree for one side of the Scriptural Coin . But the Bible is more than the book of Jonah or John 3:16 . What about God as Judge , Condemner , Banisher-to-Hell , Sentencer , Enemy-of-Sin , Confronter , Sovereign Destroyer of Evil , Wrathbearer , Holy Hater of Lawbreaking?This book is rejected as not doing justice to Scripture IN TOTO . ` Consider the KINDNESS -LRB- which this book dwells on -RRB- and STERNNESS -LRB- this book is vaguely silent here -RRB- of God . ` Antidote
 Book not recommended for the serious Christian or seeker.Too lopsided on one aspect of God 's characterDoes not balance personal skew with God 's holy wrath against sin.Please read Peter 's and Paul 's sermons/messages to the crowds in the Book of Acts . THAT is authentic Christian Gospel.The problem is not so much Repenting of Religion , butRepenting of SIN.See John MacArthur ` Ashamed of the Gospel ' and ` Hard to Believe'and Greg Laurie ` Upside-down Church ' . If anything should be repented of , it 's this book and the author 's unbiblical notions .
 Mr.Boyd is certainly in love with `` love '' and acceptance . Will he love his children in the same way as he wants us to love others ? Would he let his children walk in the path of an oncomming car , because out of love , he does not want to tell them the truth ? The truth is Mr. Boyd that God loves the sinner , but hates sin . Ask Jesus to forgive you and come into your heart and you will be saved . He shows us the truth in Hisword . Get back to God 's word .
 I would have rated one star if it were an option . If you can finish this book , chalk it up to boredom ... that 's the only reason I finished it . If you can finish this book and tell a good friend that you enjoyed it , I do n't even know what to say . If you suggest this book to a good friend , you 're just plain mean . Every single time I began to read this book , I fell asleep within thirty minutes . I was sure something was going to happen any time . It never did . The lack of dialog may have been the main reason it did n't grab my attention , but seriously ... the most uninteresting book i 've read in a very long time .
 This book is really not useful for helping learn Hebrew as a language.It was selected for our adult Hebrew class to help with pronouncing the prayers , which it is probably useful if you ignored about half the book , which introduces , but does not explain and ultimately confuses several other concepts like finding roots in other words , gammatria , etc.Please see follow up comment to Richard Ingraham 's review :[ ... -RSB-
 This book tries very hard to make one feel as though Hebrew is easy to learn . Well , the author does make an attempt , with lessons and exercises , but honestly , I either just ca n't learn a different alphabet , or my `` phobia of having to speak a foreign language '' was kicking in.I bought `` Aleph Is n't Tough '' to use as a `` self-learning '' text to practice with a friend . My friend went on to take genuine lessons , but I stuck with the book , only to find it just plain difficult.I recommend this book , however , for adults who have had an introduction to the `` aleph-bet '' at some point in their lives , most likely when they were young.The book 's target audience is the adult reader , but I must confess that I probably am `` too adult '' to not be intimidated!All in all , I believe this book to be a fine introduction to the Hebrew aleph-bet , and basic writing skills and reading . BUT ... if you are terrified of the language , you may have a bit of a problem . Perhaps more practice would 've helped me.In Judaism , it is not `` proper '' for a person to study -LRB- learn -RRB- alone . I think `` Aleph is n't Tough '' is best used by a group lf learners , and ideally with a teacher .
 Bought this book based on other reviews that said it filled a gap of providing a good commentary on walks around Jerusalem without being overpowering . I beg to differ ! Just reading a few pages made my eyes glaze over . No way could I stay awake and read an entire `` tour '' of 20 + pages . Way too many tangents within the `` tours '' . Should have pulled those out in a sidebar . Great idea for a book , but poorly executed IMHO .
 This book is most helpful regarding the Old City 's Christian Quarter . The other `` tours '' outside the Old City walls are interesting from an Israeli/Jewish perspective since they have such a bias . The author repeatedly points out how slummy and garbage-strewn certain areas were before the Jewish immigrants tidied things up . I found that annoying . On my most recent visit , I was most interested in learning more about the Mughabi Quarter formerly located in front of the Western Wall . This author mentions that Morroccans once lived there but neglects to explain that Israel bulldozed the entire neighborhood just days after the Six-Day War . That 's a grave omission .
 I 've been trying not to judge this series to harshly , although I have not really liked anything in the first 3 books . The universe created by Hamilton is interesting . Voodoo is real , vampires have night clubs , zombies can be brought from the grave etc. etc.These books , although well imagined , feel like they 've been written by a melodramatic , emo , 13 year old girl . Flipping through some of the later books -LRB- 16 ? I do n't know I really just grabbed one off the library shelf -RRB- it seems that our little emo chick starts to get into some crazy stuff . The series seems to spiral into nothing but porn.If you must , give it a try . If it were me , I would stick to Anne Rice for vampires and Jane Austen for interesting women.Twilight was better . seriously .
 Having read the first and second in the series , I realized I could not give a review of the second because I was so bored I forgot the whole book , so thought I would skip to the third which I just finished . I did enjoy the first book to some degree , ca n't remember the second only having finished it last week , and I found the third book very slow to get through . It just did n't grab me . Again , I like the mix of characters , but do find Anita Blake way too over the top and unrealistic . Even with the most fantastic of characters in the fantasy genre , there is always something you can relate to , a touch of humanity that makes the character believable . With Anita Blake , she 's made to be almost untouchable . A 24/25 year old that is THAT tough ? I do n't think so . She comes across as idiotic sometimes . And the attitude she has is ridiculous . Hell , even if she cried once in a while , one could relate to her on some level and accept that as part of her character without her being weak . And in this book , I found the character annoying and boring . I found the character of Edward annoying.I do n't understand why the author needs to cut the chapters up so quickly either . I almost lost track of the plot at one stage because the chapter stopped and the next one started with Anita taking a phone call , and then that stopped and the next chapter started with her having a conversation with her friend Ronnie , whom I had completely forgotten about and had to go back and read it over again to see where she came from.Not the best of writing . Again , the characters and story gets you in to some degree , but if you 're looking for top notch writing , this fails . If you want to be entertained somewhat and like vampires , this will get you by .
 i read this book because a friend of mine had bought it but had not gotten around to reading it , so i did . i 'll start with the bad things . It was way to much action . It seemed like it was just one big action scene after another . if your an action guy then this is a good book for you . if on the other hand you like your books with a little more depth and insight , then this would be a wasteful read . it also does n't have a lot of character analysis and you dont have any sympathy or empathy for any of the characters . The ending was bit cheesy as well . It was unreal and it could have been played out better . Plus the author writes vamire lore to her liking to go along with the story , not with what is more widely known.What i can say for the plus side is that i was into the story and could n't put it down -LRB- i finished it in 2 days and missed a days worth of classes . -RRB- the action scenes were well written as well and the author is very descriptive.i personally think that it would have been better if the book was longer so that we could get to know Anita Blake and the people invovled in her lives a little better . also it would allow a little breathing time between the action scenes . again , if you like action then buy it . it just was n't in my taste of books .
 Of the first three Anita Blake 's novels this is surely the worst.This hit me as totally unexpected and I am very disappointed.The problem lies in the plot , misconstructed , discontinuous , a heap of unrelated events thrown together with little sense , not to mention a mass of inconsistencies spread throughout the pages . Inconsistencies in characters descriptions and details are to be found in all the first four books but here we have mistakes such as Anita driving her car which was wrecked the night before and is again the day after . Hard to swallow.In such a context that some ideas are really good and some characters very interesting matters very little .
 This book has none of the depth or color of Anne Rice 's sensual vampire tales . The story line and character development are weak . Maybe a good choice for when you have read everything else .
 This book appeared to be in great shape , but had several pages burned -LRB- pp. 4 - 35 -RRB- , some more severely than others . It was bad enough that some paragraphs could not be read .
 The concepts might be spot-on , but the presentation is not . The book adopts the narrative , rambling styles so common in college textbooks these days . It does n't define its terms well or link its terms with its graphs.Manages to make introductory Macroeconomics more difficult than it should be.ON THE SEARCH FOR BETTER TEXTBOOKS!If someone knows a decent one , put it up in a review for others to see .
 The book starts off in a concise manner and the author takes great care to make sure that the reader understands the basic concepts of LM2 . However , the deeper that you get into the book the lessons start to fall apart . For example the `` remote rollover '' section does not work as scripted in the lesson . I also noticed in some of the other lessons -LRB- ie . CH 14 . The Artist section -RRB- that although the lesson works , when you try it the code does not come out clean . The author does a good job with explaining basic animation principles but a terrible job with explaining the scripting . So if you understand scripting but ca n't get the animation aspects down then this might be a good book . Otherwise look around for something else .
 Printed books are expensive to make , so it makes sense to use that investment wisely , something the publishers should have made Ms Holzschlag aware of.Instead , the book wastes a good deal of the reader 's -LRB- and owner 's -RRB- time by going into excruciating detail on some of the most elementary aspects of using any program
 This book deals exclusively with the business side of stand-up . It tells you what you need and what is important but only gives simple suggestions on how to achieve it . Also there is advice from comedieans at the end but none of the comedieans are headliners or big . Overall , this book is not for stand-up tips but basically a listing of what is needed to succeed in the business .
 Although Freud did n't appear to ascribe to any religion , it sure looks like he did . I find little difference between the psychoanalysis he coined and ancient pagan religions of the past . This man either fully believes his own tomfoolery , or he noticed that others believed it and took advantage of them . I find extremely little worth in the 70 pages of this book . I do like his analysis of the life drive and death drive , but perhaps this is not unique to him . I once saw a quote regarding Freud , and it was something like , `` What 's new of his is not correct , and what 's correct of his is not new . '' Although he has a respectable background in medicine , he completely ruined it with his venture into psychoanalysis , no matter how well-intentioned it might have been . I truly wonder if his methods were able to help anybody overcome any mental illness , and I have n't done enough research on cases like `` rat man '' to see if his methods cured those poor individuals . I would devote more research to Freud , if I thought I 'd find anything worthwile there . This appears to be just another instance of an intellectual using words that are unnecessarily big , hoping to appear useful to the public , leading followers that do n't have a clue what they 're talking about , and when they manage to find some consistency in their tossed-about words that might show even a hint of enlightenment , they take it as an indication that the whole body of work spawned from their leader is completely correct . I 'm happy that Freud inspired Dali who inspired me , but from what this `` Ego and the Id '' sample of his work has shown me , Freud himself will NEVER inspire me . I think anyone who places any substantial amount of legitimacy to psychoanalysis should really be skeptical of their choice , and employ some common sense the next time they want to find out what makes someone tick .
 I greatly admire Freud , and I have greatly benefited from psychotherapy . But however great his ideas , his writing is ABYSMAL . He writes like a philosopher who has never met a patient . He 'd rather write four pages of abstract theory than a single paragraph of concrete example.We all owe a mighty debt to those disciples who presented his work in a way that others could understand .
 This book is horribly outdated , and can not be recommended . It 's not just a matter of the theory being outdated - even the discussion of the ideas is outdated.For example , Fine says that the Scandinavian `` can not be recommended , '' that it is essentially a second-class , almost unsound opening - but we 've known since at least the 90 's that it is a perfectly viable defense . For another example , he criticizes the Advance Variation of the Caro-Kann as essentially harmless , when we now know that White has a variety of ways to secure at least a small advantage -LRB- after 1 . e4 c6 2 . d4 d5 3 . e5 Bf5 White can play Nc3 and g4 and start a strong kingside attack , or simply consolidate his/her spatial advantage with moves like Nf3 , Be3 , Be2 , etc. -RRB- . The worst is his treatment of the Sicilian . He lays out some general strategic advice that is horribly , horribly wrong . For example , he says that Black should never play ... e5 because the pawn on d6 is a severe weakness . Yet many , many , mainstream lines of the Sicilian , most notably several lines within the Najdorf , involve ... e5 -LRB- Notice he includes no discussion of the Najdorf !!! -RRB- . Yes , the d6 pawn is a potential weakness , but the point is that Black trades that weakness for dynamic counter-play . I suppose his discussion of the classical 1 . e4 e5 and 1 . d4 d5 openings are okay , but everything else has to be taken with a serious grain of salt . When you consider that there are other similar and much more recent books out there -LRB- try Sam Collins or Gabor Kallai -RRB- , I do n't `` Understand '' why anyone would listen to Fine 's `` Ideas '' about the `` Openings . ''
 It 's not that this book is bad - it 's just that it 's not very good either . Originally written in the 1940 's , it has been updated by the author , and is now in third edition . The biggest problem is that there are still many lines which are analyzed in-depth which you simply wo n't see - and that 's not good if you 're new to openings . Also , as mentioned in a previous review , the Author discounts some lines , which have undergone a resurgence in recent time , and * are * now used.Having said that , the book has been updated for algebraic notation , and is laid out in a reasonably clear and logical manner.All in all , there are better books out there , Gabor Kallai 's Basic Chess Openings , and More Basic Chess Openings are excellent references , and cover all modern openings in detail . They were also written in 1997 , which means they cover the sort of lines you will see at club and tournament levels .
 The fact that this book is one of the most recommended chess books around is an inexplicable mystery . The book 's approach to the openings is best summed up as simple minded . A particular peeve of mine ... Fine 's explanations of the Reti opening are pure guano .
 I dont like this book . theres probably more people that hate this book than like it . it just doesnt seem complete at all . and some of the explanations for the openings seem overly simplified . i read in LOGICAL CHESS MOVE BY MOVE the ideas behind the colle system . And the ideas behing the colle system were explained clearly and in depth . I looked up the colle system in ideas behind the chess openings and didnt see any real explanation of the opening as was done in chernevs logical chess . there was like no explanation at all of the colle system and i believe that most of the book doesnt explain the openings in depth at all . This book is also very dry and difficult to read through . I think Kasparov could do a better job of explaining the openings than fine did . And i think he should write a new opening ideas manual and make it for gambit or something . that would be cool . But still if you 're a beginning player you should instead be studying endgames and tactics first before openings .
 This is one of those `` classic '' books that , having read , allows you to feel superior to those barbarians who have n't been so enlightened . The truth though is that Fine is n't the only one with the `` ideas behing the chess openings '' - contemporary writers , with equal access to these ideas AND current variations have written equally good books . Actually , the layout of variations within Fine 's book make it of little use if you 're a casual tournament player looking for some info on a specific opening . Really , this is a bookshelf book . You know
 I have the original of this book , and I 've had this new edition for 8 or 9 years . While the original may have been excellent for its time , this update falls far short of the mark . Just to give two examples
 Useful primarily because of Fine 's emphasis on verbally explaining the ideas that generate specific move sequences , thus helping a player who understands the basic goals of an opening to come up with moves that fit logically `` into its overall scheme . '' For example , in the Slav defence -LRB- 1 d4 d5 2 c4 c6 3 Nf3 Nf6 4 Nc3 dxc4 -RRB- , Fine writes that Black `` gives up the center '' in order to `` get his bishop out . '' He explains how Black 's development has much to do with the developing the bishop , restraining White 's center , etc. . However , the book 's secondary value , as a survey of the openings as they are currently played , is less useful , even for beginners -LRB- presumably experienced players use more advanced texts anyway -RRB- . Again , using the Slav as an example , Fine does not mention that Black 's current variaton 4 ... a6 in which Black does not surrender the center . Random examples
 This book is a classic probably because the author is a classic too and also because there maybe is n't any other book that presents all the opening systems in chess.But , I must admit that the basic knowledge on the systems is very small and the variations are too old . Working with ECO -LRB- Encyclopedia of Chess Opening -RRB- I came to consider this book misleading . Is there any other book explaining the basic of all the openings ?
 This book is over rated . The problems are that the book does n't have that most telling of the ideas like it says -LRB- I am still left wondering want is the idea behind many moves -RRB- and what it covers is not up to date .
 The 3rd , and current , edition is so bad . If it 's not for Reuben Fine 's -LRB- name and Basic Chess Ending -RRB- , it 's only good for 1 star . Did Fine really work on this edition or someone else?The only improvement is the algebraic notation . But the format is not so good and errors are plentiful.Format
 I learned to play chess over 37 years ago but did n't play much after college . I recently started studying it when friends at work got me back into the game . I 'm sure I 'm only in the 800s if was to get a rating.A friend loaned me this book and other than the 10 principles in the first chapter it immediately loses a beginner . The errors identified in the other reviews are a big clue that this is not a great work . I had a terrible time trying to follow several of the games on a board and so I gave up.For a beginner , I have found , `` Discovering Chess Openings '' by John Emms to be very good book . At least I understand what the author is saying and he starts at a level I can grasp and builds from there .
 Do n't buy this book It is seriously boring . Lets see - which 12 words shall I select ... ? It was a mistake
 Compared to the two previous `` MCSE in a Nutshell '' -LRB- Core Exams & Elective Exams for NT 4.0 -RRB- , this book is a major disappointment ! It 's really valuable as a highlighter 's index only - for that you 're better off downloading the free stuff from Cramsession.com ! The review questions are far too basic . When I did the review for 70-217 -LRB- Active Directory administration -RRB- , I got all the ones in this book right , but only scored about 60 % on the questions found in the readiness review from MS Press . Using the MS Press review , I wound up scoring 883/1000 on the actual exam . The Windows 2000 exams ' difficulty was cranked up a notch and this book falls short .
 I would love to rate this book but am still waiting after 3 months to get it . Talk about backordered !
 I am very disappointed with this book . Essential information is lacking , and too many details look like they were lifted from the older edition -LRB- which was excellent in my opinion -RRB- . Better written and more comprehensive resources can be found online .
 while it 's really cheap , the words are very small and there is almost no space between lines ... I would rather just pay a few bucks more and have a more pleasant reading experience .
 Oh , how Jane Eyre was such a boring read ! But , of course , I 've never been a little girl , the target audience for this story . It reads like a diary , without the `` Dear diary , ... '' part a nd covers Jane 's life - as imagined by young Charlotte . I only read it for a literature class .
 i got this book for free and i only read the first couple of pages and i was immediately uninterested in it . . so much that i fell asleep during class when i was reading it
 Maybe Jane Eyre is just not ment to be a book for teens , but whatever the case ... I found it the worst book I ever read . Jane Eyre , like all other books , has it 's good parts . . But most of the time , it was just plain dull . Deffiantly do n't read it if you are a teen simply looking for an exciting read . This book is a dull and boring young adult book ... But maybe thats just my opinion .
 The Truth About Jane EyreThe novel , Jane Eyre , by Charlotte Bronte begins with a littlegirl , named Jane Eyre , who lives with her cruel aunt in Gateshed . Heraunt , Mrs. Reed , later sends Jane to a school called Lowood , whereshe bonds with a girl named Helen . After she finishes school , shereceives a job as a governess in a place called Thornfield for a younggirl named Adele . Jane begins to fall in love with the owner ofThornfield , Mr. Rochester , but with much controversy . She discoversmany secrets about his past life that puts a strain in theirrelationship . All in all , I felt this novel was aseptic , boresome , anddry.If you are seeking a dull , dry novel to read , this is a book foryou . I was always waiting for something exhilarating to occur , but itnever did . If Jane Eyre does seem interesting , I suggest renting themovie , it is n't half bad because many of the tedious parts of the novelwere cut out . I felt the novel was too descriptive , and made you fallasleep.I suggest this novel to someone looking for something to putthem asleep , or maybe someone with insomnia . The novel isprobably most read by ninth or tenth graders who were forced to readthe novel from their teachers . I chose to read this book , which was abig mistake that I hope you do n't make .
 or engaging , or involving , or insightful or brilliant.Jane Eyre is not a book that is celebrated because of its overwhelming greatness , but because it was ` dared ' to be written in the 19th century - by a woman , no less , and contained female sexuality at a time when any sexuality was rather frowned upon.Well , I am all for the courage and the steps forward taken in writing this book , but that doesnt mean its particularly interesting , absorbing , or anything else that makes it worth your while , or anyone elses.I can , and have , read such classics as ' A Tale and Two Cities ' , other works by Dickens , ` The Scarlet Pimpernel ' , etc. . All those books were of the same period but at least were quite interesting and over all a great experience.Jane Eyre is neither.All of the dreary symbology -LRB- chestnut tree , mad wives , mansions burning down -RRB- and all of the prophetic dreams do nothing to prop this book up . Charlotte Bronte makes ghosts seem dull and spirits and fairies positively mind-numbing . All of Jane Eyre 's encounters are couched in a style thats drier and staler than moldy bread . Fire ? Murder ? wild spirits ? its all here . But none of it is the least bit worthwhile to read.In the end , we have a heroine that has wandered from place to place and eventually settles down ith her past love , Rochester , once he has ` redeemed ' himself by his courage in trying to save his mad wife -LRB- in the attempt he loses his sight and an arm -RRB- . In typically fairy tale fashion , Rochester gains his sight back . I have a suspicion that he would have grown another arm if we gave hima few more years.The book that Jane Eyre reminds me most of is ` The Scarlet Letter ' . If anything , this is more boring.This dull , mind-numbing book is about as entertaining as watching fungus grow . The fact that its riddled with ` deep symbology ' makes it not one bit more interesting .
 Excuse me ? Is this edition a joke?I enjoyed Jane Eyre quite thoroughly , and I will not summarize the plot here . It has been done elsewhere . This review concerns this particular edition.Perhaps I might be harsh , but it looks to me as if Dame Darcy paid a fifth grader to do the illustrations in this book . She could use some serious formal training . Perhaps she was attempting to capture some type of gothic element in her illustrations , but these poor , poor drawings do not enhance -LRB- in fact they serve as a detriment to -RRB- the beautiful language of charlotte bronte 's work . They really are quite terrible , heavy-handed drawings ; Darcy really should bruch up on her pen work.Perhaps they were executed under serious time constraints ? Perhaps all she had access to were cheap bic pens and a half used crayola water color set ? Perhaps Penguin books was looking for an illustrator to do these illustrations for dirt cheap and she ? There are n't really any other excuses for the quality of the paltry illustrations in this edition .
 When this book came it was supposed to be &#34; gently used &#34; but as I was reading it , the binding kept falling apart . And the pages were completely sun-baked and brittle which made them tear really easily . I was not happy with this purchase .
 I was forced to read this for english because apparently that 's what it takes to be somebody in life . -LRB- Sarcasm at its finest . -RRB- I would rather stare at a Big Mac than read this book , and I ca n't stand McDonalds . Obviously , no one will read this book for pleasure , or at least no one I want to know . It 's your money . Do what you want with it .
 I liked the ending of the bok , and the fact that Jane , in the end , finds happiness . The begining was too slow for me though . If you want to know what this book is about , you should read it !!
 Okay , when I first read it , I absolutely hated it . Maybe because me too was expecting Jane Austen . But it has some good things
 i thought this book was really boring . it was sad in the end , but it took so long to get to that part
 I know this book is one of the classics , and that it should n't be missed as a piece of literature from the period . I have tried to finish it on multiple occasions , but every time I read about Mr. Rochester keeping his first wife locked in the attic and trying to marry Jane without telling her about the wife in the attic , I want to throw the book across the room . Jane herself is n't a terrible character , and I found myself growing to like her during her early years . It 's just Rochester that I absolutely can not stand .
 This book stinks . Who writes this stuff ? Come on , who cares about the 1800 's , much less the stale , stifled personalities in them?Give me a good car explosion or a towering inferno . ` Nuff said .
 The only thing less exciting than this book would be watching paint dry.Stuffy english characters abound in this failed attempt to be Dickens-esque .
 When I ran across this title , and its lack of negative comments , I had anything but a loss for words . I will save you the bulk of my complaint , suffice it to say
 I 'm just not a fan of classics . I only read it because it was free . Maybe an English major would appreciate it more .
 When I picked up this book , I was expecting Jane Austen , and instead had to contend with the foul Bronte way of writing
 If I wanted something to remind me of the Victorian Era , I 'd go to Ethan Allen . Freud could have fixed that psychotic period in british history
 This book was one of the worst two weeks of my life . The book had no plot and no interesting conflicts ... and i HAD to read it for a high school English class ... I would not reccomend this book to anyone and if you listen to alot of the ratings above that rate it good , they 're obviously English teachers ...
 One of the worst books I have ever read in my entire life , Jane Eyre is an abomination to literature . It was extremely difficult to get through the book because not only was the plot an absolute bore , the characters also contributed to that boredom.After reading the book twice , trying to comprehend what was the point of the story , I still have yet to understand why Charlotte Bront even bothered writing this book . From what I can interpret , Jane Eyre is a girl who is lonely and dejected but finds love in a man called Mr. Rochester . Everything that happened in the middle is not significant . The story is extremely boring because it is too sentimental , too dull -LRB- just like Jane Eyre -RRB- , and too long for a story with that plot line . What the characters say or do have no lasting effect in the reader 's memory - it just blows right by . The characters are basic and have superficial , unoriginal motives . They do not do anything exciting or significant to help add to the plot . I kept skipping pages or rereading the same stuff because each and every page seems identical content-wise . The entire book has absolutely no memorable moments , proving how insignificant the work of literature truly is . Reading the book is a world of pain.If you are thinking about picking up this book and reading , save yourself the time and money , and go read something else worthwhile .
 Reading this book was about as pleasant as a throwing knife to the face . I am going to be a senior in high school next year , and I just finished this book for my summer assignments for AP Literature . I literally took a victory lap around my house upon completion . I HATED this book . It was boring and rather pointless . No one cares about the romantic struggles of a fake character . This is basically the chick flick of books . I honestly believe this is the worst book I 've ever read . I encourage everyone with a Y chromosome to stay as far away from this book as possible.By the way , this is Rebecca 's son , which explains my disgust for this book .
 While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature , the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes . Thus , it does n't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say , Michael Crichton or Stephen King . Aesthetic standards ca n't be grounded.Thus , do n't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between `` serious '' works of literature like this one and allegedly `` lesser '' novels . The distinction is entirely illusory , because no novels are `` better '' than any others , and the concept of a `` great novel '' is an intellectual hoax .
 Perhaps this book requires a re-read , but I found this novel to be full of meaningless drivel . The characters to me were uninspiring , there was not enough real heartache that you felt . The characters were simply underdeveloped . The plot with St. John seemed uterally meaningless to me.This is one of my least favourite books -- there was no substance , no overwhelming theme . Nothing to be learned from this book .
 I have to read this for my summer assignment , its due in 3 days , but Im not gon na read it ... why ? it looks dry as hell ... so my advice ? dont read it !
 This has to be one of the most rediculous books I have ever decided to read . The is no relevancy to anything , the character may have been an influecial person in the 1800 's but not now . Sure read this book , but only if you a really intrested in romantic novels of the 1800 's .
 My freshman year in high school I had to read over the summer the book Jane Eyre . The language was so hard to understand and comprehend . I had a dictionary next to me looking up words every two minutes . The characters were extremely boring and the ending had no point to it ! Everybody in my high school hated this book . We complained to the teachers that this book was so bad . It was a 200 page book that is supposedly a classic!I do not understand why high schools make people read these types of books . Nobody wants to read the book because it is not interesting to a teenager . Yeah , maybe it 's a classic , but give us something interesting to read ! The book is written in like old English , so I feel that when I 'm done reading I have an accent when I speak ! So basically if you have to ready this book , I 'm so sorry because it is the worst book I have ever read !
 I have to read this book for English and I ca n't stand it . I struggle through about twenty pages at a time , and then drop the book in boredom . I think it is interesting that all the girls in my class have absolutely no problem with it . My judgement is not entirely fair because I despise romance novels , but unless you want a book where there is only one exciting scene , and a short one at that , avoid this book !!! If you are assigned this book , however , do n't panic ... there are always `` Cliff 's Notes '' : -RRB-
 Ok . Just started . Hope navigation gets easier . I like the concept of listen and move about . . do not like the need to review ...
 So in the past I 've read many books like this but I just do n't have the willpower to finish reading this one . it is still unfinished right now and I have absolutely desire to finish it . I believe the story is really slow paced , I do n't see the connection between the two , and the story did n't provoke anything at all in me that made me curious as to how it ended . over all I give this book a big thumbs down .
 I bought this book to try to relate to old classic books but it was boring and I did n't even finish it . But that is just me and I do n't like these types of books , but it was free , and you might like it , so it ca n't hurt .
 I purchase Jane Eyre on a whim . Wanted to get out of the genre I had been reading and decided on a classic . Maybe it is because it is out of my `` comfort zone '' but I could not get into reading this book .
 I do n't know how I missed reading Jane Eyre before this , and fully expected to love every moment of the book . But despite my best efforts I was relieved when I finished it . I felt that somehow it had n't aged well . -LRB- Of course I am quite prepared to accept that this is a fault in me and not in Charlotte Bront !! -RRB-
 While I love this book and have reread it many times , I had to give it a low rating because the ebook is missing chapter 25 . My daughter downloaded it for required reading for school and luckily noticed the oversight . I pulled out my well worn paperback so she was able to continue but be aware if you plan on downloading this book .
 It was boring and filled with doodoo and i didnt like it at all and it sucks and i hate jane
 Classic novel , great price but the print is from the top to bottom of page and very unappealing to read !
 This book made me cringe . I have not been this let down in ways I could not even comply bivieve . @
 This was a set book for school , and I hated it . A whinny , annoying main character who spends the whole book feeling sorry for herself and moaning in misery , then falls in love with a dark , depressing , manipulative old man and ca n't get over him , so she gives up her life to take care of him . THIS is a model for feminism ? Who wants to bet that if a man had written this , you 'd never hear about it ?
 I guess because it was the Christmas season or something , but this and Pride and Prejudice never came . I got my other books but not those two .
 horrible book specially bcuz the language was weird . i remcommend this book to old fashioned people . la la la la
 Although I hate to douse such a highly acclaimed story with a lowly single star rating , I can say with certainty that `` Jane Eyre '' was by far the worst novel I have ever read.I can see how followers of Romantic love stories would find this legnthy tome a lovely and engaging read . However when it is forced down the throats of unwilling English students , Bronte 's ultra-quixotic plot , and seemingly incessant need to detail the most superficial minutia only add to the painful legnth of the novel.By page 400 , I had become so tired of Jane 's apathetic nature , I was indifferent to the outcome , so long as it came swiftly .
 Despite the fact that this is a classic -LRB- or considered to be a classic -RRB- and , of course , very well written , I ca n't understand why someone would cherish Jane Eyre 's character.I do n't want to give away the story for those that did n't read it . All I say is that there was an Anti-Semitic comment by Jane Eyre in the middle of the book that turned me down . I started to doubt Jane 's moral and could not recover from that ignorant statement . I finished the book just to know how that story would end . I do n't have any admiration for the character .
 It seems that the basic purpose of the character Jane Eyre is to suffer nobly and then eventually succeed . Both elements are highly problematic as presented . Her noble suffering acts to undermine her actual character , making someone that reacts the same to most of the challenges -- stoic , determined , largely silent , resigned . This required attitude makes her too much of a blank slate , too reactive , with insufficient personal details to be memorable or seem like a complex psychological portrait . One gathers that Bronte was trying to subvert common norms in representation of woman , by making Jane a lot plainer and less accomplished than was the usual style . She may have made a major improvement in this , and as discussed below there are some interesting elements to all this , but the basic result undercuts the character 's agency too much . Jane can work as a symbol , she does not work as a person , and the novel is too deeply linked to her consciousness for that to be a passable loss.As well there are major pacing issues and apparent questions on the larger arc , with much of the first hundred pages and the last hundred and fifty being off-tangent to the necessary interactions for the particular story . Still , it was hardly the worst or most difficult work to get through . For much of the first two hundred pages I found it moderately enjoyable , without thinking it was very good . I was reading it as a dark comedy , framed by a blank protagonist in a fundamentally ridiculous situation . The humor -- genuine though presumably unintended -- came from the contrast of the stylized language forms and general etiquette focus and how cruelly people acts . See in particular the treatment of Jane in the devil child scene , in the way that 's she stiffly defends herself as opposed to how the school argues she 's a literal follower of the devil , and how that 's a bad thing . Amusing , in a twisted sense , at least as I took it.Where I stopped being able to do this was precisely the point that the horrid and creepy Mr. Rochester became crucial to the story . He was a fundamentally twisted , harsh and disturbing person in his own right , and the eventual arc of the book where Jane does marry him and this is apparently a good thing fatally undermines the book . The way Jane plods on is problematic in itself , but it 's what he ultimately plods to that is truly wrong . Rochester 's focus on pride and control , his lies , his age , his borderline-deranged manner of fixating on women , the fact we have only his own word on the true story with his first wife , all these make Jane 's eventual marriage with him very far from a happy thing . Yet the book seems insistent to regard it in this light , as if Rochester 's injury has in itself transformed his character enough that Jane waiting on him for the rest of his life a satisfying resolution . It 's the ending scenario that makes the conclusion of the author and the whole structure of the narrative less than even good.Nevertheless , the novel is an accomplishment in a number of ways . That it exists at all , that early in the nineteenth century a woman could be published . Furthermore , it 's extraordinary that she was able to include so centrally in her work a protest and anger against the systemic condition of women of her time , and that both elements have been perpetuated down into the present . Creepy as some of the above subtext is , that 's a worthwhile development amidst what was a pretty terrifyingly close-minded century.There 's also some interesting stuff at work with religion , class and attitudes in the nineteenth century context , Jane occupying a bit of a hybrid position in all of these , not affluent nor truly destitute , not tightly religious or a firm skeptic . The hybridity of her position is very revealing to a lot of norms that we might not see in novels of the period , as her very existence in the text portrays social structures even while it undermines them . Jane Eyre the character and book are transgressive in certain ways , then , and the way this plays out is interesting . Yet , I find this appealing and informative more in my hat as historian than as a reader . The book is quite revealing of the cultural context of the author , but that 's going to be the case for almost every book ever published , and it 's notably less effective in framing the context for its invented narrative , cast of characters , and atmosphere . I could forgive a lot more in this book , and even come to value much of it , if it were n't for that ending that pushes the whole thing into a disturbed romance . However the book does , and so let it rest.Jane Eyre reminds me of and is better than
 The novel Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte is a timeless story of an orphaned girl . The story of Jane Eyre begins with a look into her unpleasant life while living with her cruel aunt and cousins . To escape her family , Jane escapes to a school in which she spends eight years . Upon leaving Lowood , Jane decides to better her life by becoming a governess . She takes this position at a place called Thornfield Hall where she teaches a young girl named Adele.This novel is well interpreted to show the struggles of an orphaned girl . It also demonstrates how much courage a woman can have in their life even though things may seem impossible.This book is likely to appeal to an older age group . The language is difficult to understand at times and younger people may have trouble staying interested just because the novel is extremely descriptive . An older age group would probably have enough patience to let the splendor of the story unfold . It 's also a longer story of 456 pages in which really could have been written well in half the length .
 Endless , pointless description . DESCRIPTION , DESCRIPTION , DESCRIPTION !!! The entire book is written in stupid metaphors . The few places where there is actually any dialogue bore the reader to tears . Honestly , i think that this is dubbed a classic simply because it is older than sand . Gee , maybe if I just go out and slop a few words down on a piece of paper , it 'll be a classic in 160 years ! It 'll be required of every high school sophomore , like this idiotic `` story . '' Excuse me now , I 'm off to begin my masterpiece . I 'm sure it 'll be better than this .
 The novel Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte is a timeless story of an orphaned girl . The story of Jane Eyre begins with a look into her unpleasant life while living with her cruel aunt and cousins . To escape her family , Jane escapes to a school in which she spends eight years . Upon leaving Lowood , Jane decides to better her life by becoming a governess . She takes this position at a place called Thornfield Hall where she teaches a young girl named Adele.This novel is well interpreted to show the struggles of an orphaned girl . It also demonstrates how much courage a woman can have in their life even though things may seem impossible.This book is likely to appeal to an older age group . The language is difficult to understand at times and younger people may have trouble staying interested just because the novel is extremely descriptive . An older age group would probably have enough patience to let the splendor of the story unfold . It 's also a longer story of 456 pages in which really could have been written well in half the length .
 I Ca n't emphasize enough how great this book was . This is the first and only book that I have ever involuntarily read ! I guarantee NO SLOW READING . The life of Jane Eyre will hook you from the beginning and you wo n't be able to put it down . There are not enough starts to rate this book .
 I am writing this because I just had to read the book as a requirement for English . It is the worst book in the world , and it drags on and on and on . I definitely would not recommend this book for anyone who likes action , mystery , or high paced books . If you want to be bored out of your mind , sure , go ahead and read it . Do n't say I did n't warn you ! If you ask me , sparknotes are the best thing for this book .
 I dont understand how anybody could consider this an enjoyable read . Sure , words that are 900 letters long were common then , but simple is better . Plot ??? whats that ? Bronte BEGINS to develop this mythical creature around page 300 of 460 . Shes pathetically longwinded , taking over 400 pages to say what i couldve written in 1 . This book is an utter waste of time ; it lacks even the simplest aspects of a good book
 I had to read this for my Literature paper . I had to say this is the only book which I really do n't appreciate . I do n't see the idea of feminism , maybe in the beginning . Bronte did attempt to , but failed to carry through . So , it ends up looking like hypocrisy to me . And , I see a very weak Jane , contrary to my tutors ' sayings . 1 star is for politeness , and because it 's the book which always has the easiest questions . Anyway , should at least say Thanks .
 Well , the book is in good condition BUT IT WAS THE WRONG BOOK . i asked for a certain edition and I got a different . Very upsetting .
 THis book is the worst book that I have ever read . The book is way to long for such a bad book . Most of the book is about a girl complaining about every bad thing that happens to her . Do n't ever read this book unless you have to like I did for English class !
 This book is long ... no , very long . Can you believe that the plot begins near chapter 33 ? I couldn t. Please , don t waste your time .
 JANE EYREBront , Charlotte . Jane Eyre . New York
 Do n't get sucked in by the pretty cover and cheap price -LRB- like I did -RRB- ! This is apparently a printed-on-demand book , and the print font is all but unreadable . I tried , but could hardly get through the first page because of the font . I will be returning this book as soon as I figure out how to do so . There are plenty of other versions of this classic to choose - they 're probably all easier to read than this one .
 Jane EyreThe book starts out with a young girl , Jane Eyre , living at Gateshed with her late uncle 's wife , Mrs. Reed . Jane 's aunt and her cousins were mean to her growing up . Her aunt sends her to Broklehurst where she attends school till she is 18 . When she leaves the school she gets a job at Thornfield Hall where she is a young girl 's governess . When things take a turn for the worst , Jane leaves Thornfield Hall . While wandering through the streets homeless one night , Jane finally finds something she had been looking for all her life , family.Jane Eyre was not that exciting in my opinion . It was , however , not the most boring book I have ever read . The book was not that eventful . Jane just kept going form place to place . She just talks about how she felt unloved and unwanted . The only thing I did like about the book was the love story that evolved between Jane and another character.I would recommend this book to people ages 15 and up . This book is for those who have a wide range of vocabulary . The author uses words that people may not understand if they do n't have a large vocabulary . I know while I was reading the book , I had questions about some of the words used.R.K .
 Do n't get me wrong , Jane Eyre is one of my favorite books . However , this version of Jane Eyre has millions of footnotes so you are forced to constantly flip back and forth to see if the footnotes are saying anything useful.When the character Adele is speaking paragraphs of French , they do n't bother translating it for you but they will gleefully tell you what 's going to happen one-hundred pages later in the book.Reading this version of Jane Eyre is like watching a movie with an over-enthusiatic friend who keeps talking through the whole movie and telling you what 's going to happen . If you 're going to read Jane Eyre , I would reccomend different version
 The book Jane Eyre was only okay . In the beginning it was very hard to get in to . Nothing interesting really happened until later on in the book . It was also really boring in parts when she described things like the weather . She would go in to so much detail and drag it on forever . There would be pages of her describing one thing . In a way it can be good because you can really make a good picture in your head , but it can get really annoying and boring fast . As the book went on it did seem to pick up a little bit . There were very interesting things actually happening in the book . There were times where I did not want to set down the book . For instance , I liked how the main character , Jane , was n't the rich , beautiful , popular girl . She was plain and simple . I liked this because it is different from most other books . It shows a life about a girl who , like most of us , does not get everything she wants . I really enjoyed that part of the story . I also enjoyed the part when she inherited a lot of money from her uncle . At the same time she learned about three new cousins of hers . Not even knowing them , she split her money . It showed how much she cared about family more than money . That was a good lesson in the book . In another part of the book there is something that goes along with that and that is when Mr. Rochester tells Jane about Adele and her mother . He took care of Adele even though he did not believe that she was even his . That showed some responsibility in Mr. Rochester . However there were a lot of things that happened in the book that I did not like . I did not like Mr. Rochester . He was a selfish liar . It seemed like he was always keeping a different secret and lying about it . He lied to Jane many times but yet they still get married . I thought that was ridiculous . At first I thought Jane was stronger than that , but this really showed how weak she was . She went back to him although he kept lying to her . I mean he had a wife who needed help locked up on the third floor . That seemed a little too crazy to fall in love with a guy who does that . I felt like she got married because she did not want to be so lonely and she did not really care what kind of person it was she did marry . Although , she did know that she did not want to marry Mr. St. John which was a good thing because I do not think that he wanted to marry her for the right reasons . After Jane told him that she did not want to marry him , he went right back to his religion and it did not really bother him . Overall , the book was not the best or anything . It had a couple parts I enjoyed . On the other hand , there were many parts that either bored me or annoyed me .
 Beware when you buy this tape . It employs a technology that is not easily usable . You need a balance dial on your tape player . None of my recently-bought players have this dial . Check your equipment before buying this item or you will find it to be junk .
 I 'm sorry but this was the biggest waste of paper I have ever seen in my life . It is a stupid excuse for a romance novel and I found the long and detailed descriptions of nothing , utterly boring . It is a set text for our school but even our English class could n't bear to read the whole thing so we skimmed chapter by chapter , gave up and watched the film -LRB- which I might add did n't resembled the book at all -RRB- . I am quite well educated , have a good understanding of the english language and apprieciate good books , but I was appalled at this ridiculous fairy story and I believe it should be taken off schools set text lists .
 I truly can not understand why anyone would be awed by Jane Eyre . Charlotte Bronte has trouble explaining the setting of the scenes , for one . Normally , the average reader can comprehend what the setting is like just by reading a few well-written lines . But Bronte bores the reader by over-explaining the setting , as if we needed to know every single detail . Unfortunately , it is this lengthy prose that makes the story itself hard to read . Secondly , the characters are bland , which makes the difficulty even greater . Maybe with livelier characters this novel would be easier to read . Unfortunately , this novel is required reading in certain parts of the nation . This bland , boring novel is not the way to spark reading with young adults .
 I was forced to read this book for summer reading . No ways around it . Upon reading the back page summary , I knew that it would be a grueling torture test in which only the strong willed would surive to the last page . Trudging page by terribe , agonizing page , I read the book over a period of one horrific month . Needless to say , this book ruined the previous exitement I had about reading . This is terrible . Some `` classics '' should not be given to males , as goes for females . Obviously a romance novel should not be given to a male and ask him to enjoy it , as such a brutal police killers book should not be given to a female and expect her to geniunely enjoy it . This book has left a deep scar on my ability to love liturature for the rest of my life and will not be easily healed .
 Do you like incredibly pointless books that serve more as lullibies than useful stories ? Are you a completely uptight , butched feminist ? If you answered `` yes '' to either of the above questions , Jane Eyre is right down your alley . This is required school reading simply because of the weakness of all other female writers ! Bronte is nothing more than a token .
 Jane Eyre is a perfect example of someone with too many things to say . What could be said in two pages is instead said in five to ten . The book 's length could be cut in half at least . All the extra language creates a boring atmosphere that puts me to sleep . If someone has a point they want to get across , they should just spit it out .
 I was forced to read this book for summer reading . No ways around it . Upon reading the back page summary , I knew that it would be a grueling torture test in which only the strong willed would surive to the last page . Trudging page by terribe , agonizing page , I read the book over a period of one horrific month . Needless to say , this book ruined the previous exitement I had about reading . This is terrible . Some `` classics '' should not be given to males , as goes for females . Obviously a romance novel should not be given to a male and ask him to enjoy it , as such a brutal police killers book should not be given to a female and expect her to geniunely enjoy it . This book has left a deep scar on my ability to love liturature for the rest of my life and will not be easily healed .
 THERE IS REALLLY ACTUALLY TWO WORDS THAT I THINK SUMS UP Jane Eyre boring and senseless !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought this was one of the slowest moving books I have ever read . Mainly focused on `` romance '' and unappearant drama . The ending to this book is also very predictable , I wo n't say it here because that will give it away . If this book had an unknown date and author I 'd of thought it was another one of those trashy `` love '' novels written by Danielle Steel . Pure crap . The only reason I can find that this novel my even be remotely considered a classic is because it was written by a woman and it is Victorian .
 Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte was our book club selection for this month . It is a book I had not read since I was in high school . Now I ca n't believe that at one time I plowed my way though the extravagant prose , it must have been because the selection of other romance books was limited.Our edition was large print , for which I was thankful and as a recommendation I 'd suggest a condensed version.Writing style have changed since 1848 , but one item of interest . Early in the book Miss Bronte describe the characteristics of the development of a serial killer as graphically as any modern thriller.Nash Black whose titles are available in Amazon Kindale editions.HaintsSins of the FathersWriting as a Small Business
 ok , I have n't listened to this - the sound of the narrator taking a loud gasp of air at the end of reading each sentence was making my toes curl.And how can you mis-spell the title of the book?Perhaps it 's great , or the sound gets better later , hard to say.All I know is that I could barely get through the preview .
 I ordered this book so that I could write in it for my British Literature class at school . I thought I was going to receive the paperback form of the book and have the correct page numbers that corresponded with the teacher 's copy of the book . Not only was this the hardback version -LRB- which was n't the problem -RRB- , but the top edge of the cover of the book looked like it had been chewed on and the page numbers did n't match up . No where in the description did I see that the book was going to be hardback and in such poor condition . The same thing also happened to my friend who also ordered it from Amazon .
 This book misrepresents itself . We all know the story of Jane Eyre , and it is here in it 's entirety . The issue I speak of is with the actual book itself , not the novel or story . I was looking for a book to start a library for my wife . Jane Eyre is one of her favorite pieces of fiction , but if we were to start a library that we could pass down , the book should be something worth passing down . The cover here caught my eye , simple enough . Utilizing the `` Peek inside '' feature for this specific edition , it notes that it has a cloth bound cover and illustrated interior front and rear pages . Upon receiving the book itself , the cover looks the same , but is not cloth bound and the illustrations are missing . The print is extra large with wide margins . This seems to be more of a textbook or school issue version of the novel than a collector 's item . It makes me wonder if the book is misrepresented by Amazon by mistake or if the book itself has done so . If a collector 's edition of this novel is what you are looking for , stay clear .
 I found the beginning of this book interesting enough , but in my opinion it just went down from there . Unlike the other people who have reviewed this book , I believe that Jane Eyre could have been reduced to half its size . The plot was good , but it was a struggle to finally finish the book . I know , many who have read this might hate me , but I just found the it rather uninteresting . Or maybe I just ca n't appreciate good books , either one . I would n't recommend this .
 The secret to enjoying Jane Eyre is to read the first two thirds , and then stop . If you ignore that advice , you might conclude that a woman &#8217; s ideal role is something akin to slavery
 I 've never understood why everyone lavishes so much praise on this book . It is the most overrated book ever.One of the most fundamental things a book has to do is hold the reader 's interest , and in this aspect , Jane Eyre fails . To be fair , it is utterly gripping throughout the first ten chapters . After that , the quality of the book falls off sharply . The rapid pace becomes boring repition of having to go through thirty pages of nothing to get to a page or two where something actually happens , then another 30 pages of nothing.It 's kind of a shame really , for a book that started out as well as this one to crash and burn the way it does . But it happens , and what we are left with is a dreadfully boring book that continues to have praise heaped on it for reasons I will probably never fathom .
 I read this book for an english project and I got a 60 % on it cuz I trashed the book . All i said was that the classics are not going to be so appealing to modern `` young '' readers like myself today because the `` novel '' -LRB- not jane eyre , read this literaly -RRB- has suddenly risen so much in content , state and depth . I dunno , perhaps if i was living during that era i would have appreciated the book more , but living in the 90 's where you have authors such as atwood there 's no competition and you really ca n't compare novels written before the 20th century to novels written in the 20th century anyway . Like a majority of the classics , the plot is almost always predictable and characters are indeed relatable but hell , boring ! charles dickens is probably the most boring writer i 've ever come across -LRB- no offence to all u dickens fans out there -RRB- and jane austen comes pretty close to him , though her books have a longer attention span . And the brontes , they 're on the same level . I am not saying that the classics are bad cuz i know that if it were n't for these authors , we 'd be nowhere in literature as we are now . However , my argument in my project was that books have suddenly become more interesting thru the years . Welp , aside from this -LRB- i 'm still mad over my mark btw -RRB- ... Jane Eyre is a book you 'll either like or hate , or sleep over !
 I did not realize the `` collector 's library '' edition of this book would be so small - almost too small to read .
 If you sent JANE EYRE to a publisher today , the response would be , in fancy wording , `` Um , sorry , this is too long and too weird . Boring . Sorry , please try again . '' I 'm 13 , so perhaps I 'm too young to grasp it , but I enjoyed other books which are supposed to be similar , such as Pride and Prejudice.In the 13-year-old vernacular , here 's what was going through my mind : Ew ! Why the heck would she marry that weird , bad-tempered , hairy scary man ? If I found out that my fiance had kept his insane first wife in the attic and not told me , I 'd file for divorce ! He 's bossy , unreasonable and mean . Why 'd he pretend to wan na marry Miss Ingram ? I guess the scandalousness of a governess falling in love with her employer is supposed to keep you interested , but really , it 's dead boring . It 's an okay story , but written so dully that it 's ruined . Why was n't Jane suspicous ?
 I just received this Vintage Classics edition of Jane Eyre , chosen for the striking red cover , only to discover that 50 pages are missing -LRB- 251-298 -RRB- . There is nothing more frustrating than being caught up in a wonderful book and having to come to a screeching halt because of a manufacturer 's error , especially since this was my first time reading Jane Eyre .
 Bronte shows through Jane that sex is Not one of woman ` snecessities . Rochester is ugly , but he has a mind . I wish all womenwere of this opinion .
 I suppose it was an ok book ... It probably had a good moral and all that stuff , but there was about 150 pages of excess crap that I , personally , did n't care about ! It was just a teeny bit to long ... !
 This novel is not as it appears to be . English teachers may praise it , your girlfriends may gush over Rochester , and others `` critically acclaim '' it but I have studied it as a piece of literature as well as an entertaining classic . It is not as fabulous as they say.The protagonist is a quivering -LRB- and excuse the term but I am at a lost for another word at the moment -RRB- nitwit who yearns to be loved . Jane is an orphan who feels as if she would die if nobody loved her and yes , it sounds simplistic but this is exactly what she says . She comes under the employment of Rochester and becomes a governess to a little girl . Meanwhile , she dreams of flaming beds and hears strange noises from the floor above . The splitting of the oak tree during Jane 's engagement to Rochester is just rubbish as a symbol of separation and tragedy . The real tragedy though , is the secret that Rochester keeps and for which , Jane accepts.I am amused by how several people believe that Jane Eyre is a feminist novel . I found Jane to be very comfortable lodged in traditional ideals although she makes an attempt to strike out with her own will . It was a struggle to finish the novel -LRB- had to , or I would fail my English exam -RRB- and to pretend to my enthusiastic teacher that I loved it . If you want real feminism without archaic English , read Carol Shield 's ` Unless ' . If you want melodramatic romance with just a hint of literature , read ` Wuthering Heights ' . If you think that Jane is a misguided feminist , you certainly have to read Jean Rhy 's ` Wide Sargasso Sea ' who portrays Rochester 's secret as a terrible colonial crime.I can understand that some people love this kind of stuff but there are types of people who hate ` Jane Eyre ' - they 're usually into contemporary novels , ask for their heroes or heroine to yearn for something more than love and for somebody to love them , and need metaphors that are more subtle that freakin ' splittin ' oak trees .
 This review has to do with this edition for Kindle . There is no table of contents and no search ability . You can not jump by chapter using the usual button either .
 Jane Eyre may be enjoyed by older adults -LRB- with a bigger vocabulary , I should add -RRB- , but I had to read this sophomore year and absolutely hated it . This book is very hard to read , and I would n't recommend it to any young readers who does n't have a teacher to help explain . Although it may be a classic , it is one tough book !
 because this book deserves it . I first read it in the 9th grade , and it was literally a struggle to the very end . Summoning all my effort , I laboriously read this book with a lack of interest unsurpassed to this very day . It was useful only when I had trouble falling asleep.Each page of this dull , overly dramatic book felt like an eternity . There are pages upon pages of meaningless and increasingly uninteresting rambling . Plain Jane gains no sympathy from me . Apparently , she enjoys suffering , as evidenced by her constantly changing opinions and the way she strives to make her life more difficult when handed easier options . -LRB- Ex
 I enjoy classic Victorian era romance , and this by far is the worst book I have ever read . I know that Jane 's character was suppose to be `` Plain Jane '' , but I in no way found her endearing . Instead of feeling sorry for all her misfortunes and lack of love , I found myself detesting her character . The plot drags on forever , when really it could be told better in five minutes . It could be romantic , except that the plot is so boring and outlandish , that it overshadows that element . And the supernatural elements of the novel literally made me laugh out loud . I could go on about why I hate this novel , but I do n't want to ruin the story for others .
 After reading Jane Eyre , I was glad to be done with this book . Most women enjoy and appreciate Jane Eyre , but since I am 15 I have a different opinion.Jane Eyre is 641 pages of a woman trying to find herself . Jane , the main character , goes to a charitable school for 1/4 of the book . During school , nothing really happens . Yes , Jane and her classmates are treated poorly , but it did n't hold my attention . The book does pick up until after Jane leaves school.From there Jane meets the love of her life , Mr. Rochester . The only thing about their relationship is Jane is 19 or 20 and Mr. Rochester is almost 40 . I felt that I could not relate to these characters because today such an age difference is looked down upon by people . Of course Jane and Mr. Rochester plan to get married , but Jane finds out about Mr. Rochester 's deepest darkest secret . THEN SHE RUNS AWAY ! What a stupid girl . Jane may have been an independent woman , but big deal ; so many women today are independent . Is that why so many people love this book ? When Jane runs away , this part of Jane Eyre is so unbelievably boring . Jane meets her cousins , but realizes that she still loves Mr. Rochester . Not much happens except Mr. Rochester is blind . Jane and Mr. Rochester get married and live happily ever after.You might love this book , but as I said before I am only 15 and can not appreciate Jane Eyre , the character and the book . If you are a teenager like me do not read Jane Eyre or even waste your time . Maybe if you are older and found your true love , you might love every minute of this book . I recommend if you are young , read a book that takes place during the present , not the past .
 While sloshing through the almost unreadable text of the verbose Charlotte Bronte , one can imagine why she was never married . Do n't get us wrong , it 's not that we do n't understand the underlying themes and the higher level concepts ; they just contain absolutely no relevance whatsoever . The plot , dare we call it that , winds slowly through the 400 + pages of this so-called classic . If you must read it for school-don ` t. You 'd be better off guessing on the test than being utterly confused and bored to tears .
 This book should not be placed in the same class with other `` classic '' authors who deserve their place . This book is a bore , the main character is a whiny cry-baby and the book goes nowhere for a long time . Jane has a very thick skull and all the obvious things fly over her head . This book should not be a classic , and I do not understand why it is one .
 You 've probably heard the expression that a million monkeys typing for a million years eventually will reproduce the works of William Shakespeare . I give `` Jane Eyre '' one monkey , ten minutes.While recognizing Bronte 's derring-do in writing a novel about a homely 17-year-old governess who rejects a virtuous adonis -LRB- St. John Rivers -RRB- for her much older and unattractive employer , this is a book I can not see reading again unless it 's the only way to save a terminally ill relative.This book is a slow read . And I mean slow . A snail ? Greased lightning . Molasses on a cold day ? Quicksilver . Eighth-period study hall in high school on a Friday ? Over in a flash . We 're talking a slow , boring read here , even without the benefit of a high school English teacher 's enthusiasm for ruining literature.The novel chronicles the story of Jane Eyre from her childhood as an orphan up until the birth of her first child . Life was hard for orphans in 19th-century England , particularly when their parents ' marriage was considered improper . Fair enough , I suppose
 This was a terrible book to try to follow . I really did n't enjoy it
 O MY WORD COULD A BOOK BE ANY MORE BOOOORING ? I MEAN COME ON ! HOW SHOULD I KNOW WHAT ALL THOSE FRENCH WORDS MEAN ? THE BOOK IS SO HORRIBLE AND IF YOU LIKE IT , THEN FINE , BUT I 'M STATING MY OPINION ! AND I HATE DESTINY 'S CHILD !
 If you are a MALE , and are forced to read this book , do not even attempt to read it . Go with Cliff Notes . If you are a FEMALE , give it a try . The only reason schools asign this is because a woman wrote it . Email me your comments .
 Alright , I admit that I am a student and was forced to read this book.That said , I still do not understand what would ever bring anyone to consider this work remotely good , much less classic . Ms. Bronte 's writing , while properly structured , lacks any ability to move or inspire a reader . Her character -- for there is only one character , the rest are mere background -- is a selfish brat who eternally whines about the unfairness of the world , except of course when that unfairness works in her favor , when she either glories in other 's pain or trying to inflict more upon them . ... Bronte strains one 's gullibility often throughout the novel , especially in its conclusion where she apparrently runs out of ideas and starts inserting magic and telepathy into an otherwise reality-based novel for the purpose of bringing the characters back together . She clumsily tries to blugeon the reader into the appropriate emotional state by cutting out any scene which is not miserable -LRB- including a goodly eight years in which Jane has friends , a good lifestyle , and a promising career -- the author claims they contain `` no significant interest '' -RRB- , and her lack of subtlety has on numerous occasions given me an actual headache.As to the love story - where is it ? The plot of the book consists of two things only
 Irony , in small doses , is n't too bad . In fact , it is sometimes enjoyable . But this book takes irony to the next level . If Dickens ' Tale of Two Cities was ironic , then it 's met it 's match . Mrs. DeFarge also being Little Girl with Bad Past is nothing compared to this . Honestly , what are the chances of stuff like this REALLY happening ? The guy you want to marry just happens to have a crazy lady harbored upstairs , who happens to be his wife ? The people who save you from starvation and death just so happen to be the nearest and dearest relations you have ? Give me a break . Every new twist and turn of the ` unexpected ' plot made me sick . Now , if it just so happened that Mr. Rochester was Jane 's father , and his wife was her sister ... Now that might have sparked a little more interest .
 Alright , this book was god awful . The begining dragged on about how poor and oppressed Jane was it was so cliched that i could 've guessed what was going to happen next . Most all of the characters were two demensional and the plot was basic . This was more of a character development novel then a plot based novel . I 'm not sexist in the least but this is truely a women 's novel . The style was sappy and drawn out , and it was to much of a love story . I 'm not trying to be macho but gentlemen do n't waste your time .
 Jane Erye is a girl who is adopted by a wealthy and mean step-mother . Soon after the book begins she is sent to a boarding school where most of the teachrs and head masters are mean and she is n't taken care of very well . Once she graduates she is hired as a tutor to a wealthy land owner with much to hide . This book reminds of many other stories I have read . The only difference is Jane Erye is much longer and much more boring .
 The book never came , after some email exchange with the seller , no conclusion , I filed a claim with Amazon and got the money back .
 Based on the fact that the average review is 4.5 stars , I 'm going to assume that most of the reviewers have been women . That said , I think I 'll offer a different perspective than the rest of the reviewers . That perspective is that this book is one of the most boring , bland , lifetime-ish wastes of paper known to -LRB- wo -RRB- man . To give an example of what I mean , it takes 3 CHAPTERS to lead up to the failed wedding ! The author goes into great detail describing every little minute insignificant meaningless thing that happens -LRB- such as a chapter for her to say she did n't want Rochester 's gifts -RRB- - and it takes her 20 frickin pages to say that she 's leaving a guy . Somehow , this got to be considered a literary classic about feminine empowerment . Just do n't complain about guys liking stuff like Die Hard and football games and not being in touch with their feminine side after having to read -LSB- stuff -RSB- like this in English class .
 I had to read this when I was a Junior in high school . It was the worst book I have ever read . It was long and boring . The aurthor took about 3 sentences to explain something that could have been done in one sentence . I feel bad for the kids who have to read this . Good luck and find the clif notes !
 Ladies and gentlemen , readers of all ages , I express my sheer condolences if I offend anyone from what I am about to write
 While there are wonderful characters and a somewhat clever plot , this book gets very boring ! The main thrill of the novel is just a written account of most girls ' dream of becoming the wife of a man to whom they are truly in love -LRB- OK , so Jane had some hardships along the way too ... ;--RRB- -RRB- . Of course , Jane is very independent and has no exceptionally good looks , so the story may be considered an inspiration to the female culture 's wish of being respected for what is inside ... ? I found it an inspiration to go to bed a little sooner .
 Some people conceive of history as written from the top down - a history of rulers , and how their decisions affected society . Others see it from the bottom up - a history of the faceless little people whose decisions in aggregate ultimately drive society . Fromkin 's book is the first I 've seen which sees history as written from the middle , by the bureaucracy.The book suffers from this perspective in two ways . First , the amount of detail presented is overwhelming . Even in the best-organized work this would be tedious stuff , and this work is not very well organized . The consequences of events or character traits are traced individually throughout the time period , leading to jumps in the narrative and retreading information . The second problem is to separate the wheat from the chaff . Many of the details are interesting , but of little consequence in trying to understand major events . Some of the chaff is obvious - Is it really important to know what articles were written in the Arab Bureau 's weekly periodical , and who was copied on it ? Other chaff is less obvious . Muhammed Sharif al-Faruqi may have played a funny game going between the British and the Arabs , but would British policy ultimately have been any different if he never defected ? From reading the book my guess is no . The British employed him based on prior misconceptions he merely confirmed , and if he had n't someone else would have done so in his place.The two faults combined make for extremely difficult reading . If I were an expert on Middle Eastern history some of the detail might be more interesting , but as a novice the book seems more like an unnecessary chore .
 This is the most difficult book I have ever finished . It moves in a chaotic 1-step forward 2 steps back pattern . It is difficult to extract the main themes . The author did not exercise coherent synthesis of the main facts . The author overwhelms with so much details ; it is challenging to distinguish trivia from turning points . I read most books in a week . It took me six to read this one . To make sense of it , I wrote 44 pages of notes and did research the main treaties on the Wikipedia website . I recommend this book only to readers with an intense interest and academic knowledge of the subject . Without these assets , finishing and making sense of this book will be most challenging.In few words here is what I got . Britain was the main player regarding the 1914 to 1922 period of ongoing conflicts with the Ottoman Empire . But , during this time it experienced the turnover of three different governments who had radically different views about the break up of the Ottoman Empire . In the first period , 1914 to 1916 , Britain 's objective was to reign in the advance from Russia that was pressing southward through Afghanistan . Britain 's concern was to maintain the safety of its vulnerable trading route through the Middle East to India . To do so , Britain was willing to grant significant territories to France -LRB- Sykes - Picot Agreement of 1916 -RRB- , to create a buffer against further Russian expansion . By 1918 , a change in government results in a change in foreign policy . Britain 's goal now is its hegemony over how much of the Ottoman territory it can claim . This caused Britain to renege on the Sykes - Picot Agreement , and experience continued diplomatic tension with France , especially regarding who will occupy Syria . In the later stage -LRB- 1920 to 1922 -RRB- , Britain suffered from imperial overstretch . It did not have the resources to hang on to the territories it claimed just a couple of years ago . It becomes clear that the British Mandates over Middle Eastern territories will be a difficult and costly experience . Also , the public and British press are dead set against Britain 's Middle Eastern occupation.The British Government supported Zionism for a couple of reasons . First , early in the War the Government believed that the Jews may well support the Central Powers if Germany steps to the plate first in its support of Zionism . Thus , the Brits viewed it as a race to gain the support of the Jewish community both in Europe and the U.S. by offering their political support of the Zionist cause -LRB- Balfour Declaration of 1917 is a late stage confirmation of British support -RRB- . Later , Britain , and more particularly Churchill strongly supported Zionism for another perceived threat . And , that is that Jews would emigrate and join Bolshevik Russia . From Britain 's perspective , it was far more advantageous to promote Jewish emigration to Palestine , then watch Jewish emigration swell the Bolshevik ranks . Ironically , Churchill did the most to undermine Zionism , by promoting the cutting off 75 % of Palestine territory -LRB- Transjordan -RRB- , which became Jordan , an independent country who rejected Palestinian refugees just as egregiously as the future state of Israel.What is clear is that the restructuring of the Ottoman Empire into the modern Middle East was a chaotic process . During the 1914 - 1922 period , it was dominated by a dozen conflicting treaties between different countries . The most notorious was the Sykes - Picot Agreement between France and Britain , which was signed in 1916 in secret two full years before the end of the War . This Agreement was agreed , and rebutted by Britain so many times ; it gets your head spinning . However , it seemed that its terms directionally prevailed when the Middle Eastern Mandates were offered by the League of Nations to France and Britain.This period caused incredible economic stress on many countries . Both Russia and Turkey experienced food shortages and increase in prices of over 1,000 % between the beginning and end of the War . Britain experienced a severe economic crisis that caused it to become increasingly dependent on American capital.The Ottoman Empire was in a self-destructing state way before the War . It was also actively split during the War since the Turks joined the Germans , and most of the Arab areas joined Britain -LRB- associated with the stories and tales of Lawrence of Arabia -RRB- . There were no right or wrong ways to create the various countries . Given communities of Sunnis , Shiites , Wahabists , Kurds who do not cohabitate well , either you respected the various groups separate identities . This would engender inter State wars . Or , you would create states with a mix of these different communities . And , that would create civil unrest and wars . The Middle East has experienced its fair share of both types of conflicts.The author interestingly concludes that the ongoing formation of the different Middle Eastern governments is a process that may last over a millennium . He compares the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire and the onset of the formation of various Middle Eastern governments to the dissolution of the Roman Empire in the fourth century , and the ultimate crystallization of West European governments after WWII , or over a millennium and a half later .
 David Fromkin 's `` Peace to End All Peace '' is simultaneously a comprehensive and very flawed work . Many of the reasons for it being one can be found in the other.Fromkin attempts to examine how the modern Middle East -LRB- extending as far as Afghanistan and some sections of Central Asia -RRB- was created during and after the First World War . Obviously , in order to do this , the fall of the Ottoman Empire in that war must be considered.This is where Fromkin 's unusual methodology comes into play . Focusing on the European political machinations to resolve the `` Eastern Question '' in their favour , the sorry tale becomes one more of Churchill and TE Lawrence than of the Arabs and Turks who were also involved in the process . Admittedly , it was the Europeans who wielded the whip hand in deciding just where the borders were to be drawn , but reducing key figures such as the CUP Triumvirate in the dying Ottoman Empire -LRB- and Kemal Ataturk in Turkey immediately thereafter -RRB- to the status of supporting players ultimately skews the focus of the book too much.Never let it be said that this is a simple story to retell . A complex web of national and personal political interests in both Europe and the Middle East combined to make the region what it is today , and any study of all of these will be faced with the need for convoluted explanations . The problem that Fromkin has , however , is that he does not make these very well at all.The story is told in a roughly chronological manner , which means that we jump from place to place and meet a bewildering array of characters . Ultimately , the only real result is confusion on the part of the reader , who is constantly flipping backwards to see who the latest figure to make an appearance actually is.Additionally , Fromkin frequently confuses his readers with references to geographical features which are not well-shown on the maps provided . Indeed , one map -LRB- showing Enver Pasha 's advance on Baku and his campaigns in Central Asia -RRB- is laughable in the extreme . The legend explains that the direction of the arrows is the direction of the various advances - which would be significantly more useful were the arrows in fact arrows , and not equilateral triagles.Where Fromkin does well , however , is in his use of purely European sources . It is perhaps unusual to say this of a book intending to tell the story of the modern Middle East , but I have considerable doubts about the depth of his research into the Middle Eastern aspects of the events in question . In terms of Europe , however , his research seems to cover the major bases of exactly what the key figures believed and did.Ultimately , `` A Peace to End All Peace '' is a difficult and not particularly rewarding work . A diplomatic history of Europe during the Great War can be written much better than this , and a history of the development of the Middle East following that conflict already has been -LRB- the chapters in Margaret Attwood 's `` The Peacemakers '' or William Cleveland 's `` Modern Middle East '' both easily outshine this -RRB- .
 How can anyone write a serious text about World War One and the Ottoman Empire without several chapters dedicated to the discussion of the Armenian Genocide and its implications . Imagine discussing World War Two and Nazi Germany without including a serious discussion of the implications of the Holocaust . Under the cover of World War One the Turks murdered almost two million Christian Armenians - Armenians who had lived peacefully on their ancient homeland for 3000 years . One of Teddy Roosevelt 's most famous quotes is that the greatest tragedy of WWI was what happened to the Armenians . The fixing of the Turkish border on the east was highly influenced by the fact that hundreds of thousands of Armenians on the Ararat plateau were murdered and thousands of their productive villages and cities from Trebizond to Kars to Van to Moush were destroyed . The Armenian Genocide is the one thousand pound elephant that Mr. Fromkin stayed away from . There is a story to tell regarding the Ottoman Empire , but Mr. Fromkin did n't tell it . For a more accurate and compelling account of the fall of the Ottoman Empire I recommend The New York Times best seller The Burning Tigris
 When you title your work as Fromkin does there must be a moral and a villain.This presents a problem for the author because historians who wish to be taken seriously ca n't wear their prejudices on their sleeves.To solve this problem Fromkin presents his story as a long , confusing trek through the minds of various British bureaucrats and politicians.As the reader 's critical facilities are weakened by this ruse and swamped by spates of poorly assimilated details , Fromkin introduces his biases and his significant omissions are not missed.Fromkin affects sympathy for all of the groups involved , be they Turks , Kurds , Russians , Greeks , French , Italians , Muslims or even most of the supposedly muddled British.Nearly all of their excesses and errors are chalked up to factors of existential necessity and historical inevitability.It is only the actions of the British Arab Bureau and their Arab allies whose mistakes are made to seem unnecessary and avoidable.The Armenians are also teated very unfairly by the author.A great deal of unecessary dust is thrown in the air regarding al Faruki 's intrigue and presented as if it is a Fromkin scoop.The promises to the Arabs are made to seem extremely complex and byzantine , but significantly , although the documents in question are relatively brief and could have been presented as an appendix , they are not included or even quoted accurately.The Wilsonian/Internationalist aspects of the Peace Conference and the League are largely ignored.The King-Crane Commission is dismissed in one brief paragraph.The timeline of who entered Damascus and when is deliberately confused by a resolutely blinkered and backtracking presentation.The capture of the rest of Syria and beyond by the Arabs is not dealt with at all.The obvious `` divide and rule '' explanation of why Sir Herbert Samuel and Norman Bentwich chose Hajj Amin al-Husseini as `` Grand '' Mufti of Jerusalem is ignored , and instead a Kedouri conspiracy theory is repeated which blames a junior British bureaucrat who is derogated as `` violently opposed to Zionism '' . Far from exposing T E Lawrence 's lies , Fromkin simply smooths over the layer of lies about Lawrence left many decades ago by Aldington , Meinertzhagen , the French and the Zionists.There is no doubt that Lawrence lied.He lied to the Arabs on the British behalf and he lied to the British on the Arabs ' behalf.He lied out of vainglory and he lied out of modesty.He lied to protect himself , but he did not lie to hurt his enemies.He hurt his enemies with the truth.T E Lawrence is one of the most extensively researched biographical subjects there is.His most recent and authoritative biography by Wilson inludes a great deal of information which was released after Fromkin 's work.This information actually confirms some of the stories about Lawrence which even his adherents entertained doubts about , such as his secret expeditions to keep the lid on the Revolt leaders in Syria.At any rate , there are far better sources for exposing the truth about Lawrence and the Arab Revolt than Fromkin.The entire Armenian problem is dealt with in a mere 3 or 4 pages.Their genocide , which was a major focus of Christian concern at the time , is given incredibly short shrift.The Kurdish situation , on the other hand , receives much more attention , yet Kurdish participation in the Turkish ethnic cleansing of Armenia is totally overlooked . This perspective is not only unhistoric , but it reflects a contemporary political bias which , when combined with the anti-Arab slant , is quite clear.The wealth and variety of end notes and the breadth of the bibliography create an impression of the author as a conscientious historian.But whenever you come to a passage which presents the Arab cause in a bad light you will find one the same 3 sources
 The post-war disposition of the Ottoman empire lands in the Middle East still affects us today . This book provides a broad overview of the diplomatic and bureaucratic struggles that produced the settlement , from the British point of view . Unfortunately , it is poorly written , poorly edited , oddly footnoted , and generally disappointing . It almost appears to have been written in bits and pieces that were later stitched together , with little effort made to eliminate redundancy or streamline the writing . A more rigorous editing would have shortened it considerably with no loss of impact . However , the breadth of its coverage , and the importance of the topic , may make it a useful starting point for those interested in this area .
 Any Grade 8 student who handed this in would be lectured on proper grammar , footnotes and bibliography.The teacher would give wee Charley a very stern look and say : '' Now Charley Boy - where did you learn history book chapters are 1-4 pages long ? - now I want you to go back and edit this to a 10 page paper because that is all that 's here `` Grade
 This is NOT a ` how to ' book on Gunsmithing , if that is what you are looking for . It is an academic history of the gunsmith 's trade in the United States over the last 400 years . It is a book for other academics and those interested in the history of gunsmithing in the US . The price is rather steep for anyone not a researcher , such as those more casually interested in gun histroy.For those with the interest , it is a well documented and annotated piece of work .
 This book is a sincere attempt to deal with the incredible mess of LINUX networking . It 's better than nothing . It has a lot of useful information . It also has a lot of typos and misstatements and turgid descents into pure confusion . It needs summary sections covering `` all the things required to ... '' and a serious troubleshooting guide .
 I bought this book because it had chapters on different methods of birthing . Well it basically just tells you the history of birthing and a history of the methods . Nothing about tips or even how the methods differ!The only thing I learned is that back in the day going to the hospital to deliver a baby meant you were going to most likely die .
 This was a really boring book . You would think that a book about profiling serial killers would at least be interesting , but its not . He basically talks about his personal experiences in studying/profiling murderers . I bought this book for a profiling methodology class and I really wish I could return it .
 This is a decent book -- strictly decent -- sheds little in the way of light onto the cult of celebrity that keeps popping up in first fiction . Specifically , a novel a few years ago called Fake Liar Cheat by Tod Goldberg handled the subject of unwitting fame in a funny , dark way that this novel does not yet quite approach . The sense is that the author likes the scene and aches for the acceptance herself . No one wants to read a book that seems counterintuitive to the author 's true goals . The book does serve as a decent beach read but fails to strike new ground . If you want the primers , get Fake Liar Cheat , or Day of the Locust or even Why Sammy Ran .
 I got this book over Crawley 's -LRB- The R Book -RRB- since the Amazon reviews said that this one was more organized than Crawley 's . . however , even if that is true -LRB- maybe . . but Crawley 's organization does not bother me -RRB- , this book does not have half of what `` The R Book '' has , and their GLM chapter is a poor explanation of the function.I highly recommend purchasing Crawley 's book over this one . This one is not horrible , but was not sufficient for me . Lucky for me I have online access to Crawley 's book for free , which has saved me in some spots , along w / the online R-help websites and list serves.This book definitely does n't hurt to have though , but if you are looking to only buy one book , I would not rely solely on this one .
 It seems that most introductory R books spend too much time with correlations and other modeling . I am still hoping to find an R book that deals primarily with data manipulation and descriptive graphics at an intro to intermediate level . Simply put , knowing something well and conveying it properly to your audience are often mutually exclusive .
 The book is well organized and has lots of useful information in it . What really bothers me about it is that even though it advertises itself as being `` 1.1 '' many of the examples are in fact in 1.0 . They have a small disclaimer that says that new features have examples in 1.1 and while old features are in 1.0 . Can you say lazy ?
 The most disappointing addition to an otherwise fine O'Reilly Java series . 1.1 AWT is only hinted at . Neither a good reference nor a good tutorial . A shame since there are few good value added AWT references . For now I 'll wait for the next crop of JFC/Swing books . First book I 've returned in years .
 Although this book does a good job ofpresenting the AWT API , most of what ispresented is available in pretty much thesame form as part of the standard JavaAWT documentation . More examples that tietogether all the concepts would havebeen appreciated . A good example of thisis Dan Heller 's excellent Motif book -LRB- Vol . 6A -RRB- from ORA .
 Let me get my more superficial complaint out of the way first . As other reviewers have pointed out , this version of `` Orthodoxy '' has horrifically bad formatting -- the worst book formatting I 've ever seen . The book itself has the physical dimensions of a small magazine -- very wide , very tall , and very thin -- making it very awkward to read or fit on a bookshelf . The graphics on the back cover are heavily pixelated , the pages inside do not contain the title of the chapter to which they belong , the book contains no editorial introduction or footnotes . In short , it looks like Joe Shmo downloaded the text of the book into a Word document , took it to a self-publishing house , and found clip-art graphics for the front and back . If you must get this book , at least get a different version of it.Now to the meat of my criticism . G.K. Chesteron is , in many ways , the Christian version of Richard Dawkins . His rhetoric is unique and engaging , filled with clever turns-of-phrase , imaginative analogies , and unexpected ways of reframing debates and criticisms . But his reasoning is simply bad . Perhaps I should n't fault the book for being entirely unconvincing given that Chesterton says he is merely explaining his own journey to Christianity , not offerring apologetics . But he is offering apologetics ; by sharing the reasons that convinced him , he hopes to convince the reader as well.I can imagine skeptics admiring the aesthetics of the version of Christianity Chesterton paints in this book . I ca n't imagine them concluding , based on Chesterton 's arguments , that it is true . The flow of his arguments , unlike those of , say , C.S. Lewis , are not dictated by logic , but by literary flair . He never seems to realize that his conclusions do n't follow from his premises.To give an example
 This book has THE WORST formatting I 've ever seen . It looks like it was hastily put together using Microsoft Word . Very amateurish . The cover does n't even have the title on the spine , so I ca n't recognize it on my bookshelf.The version from BiblioBazaar : Orthodoxyis MUCH MUCH better , well worth the extra dollar or two .
 The author is very long winded and hard to follow . I would suggest a different book if you do not want to have to wade through all the idle chatter .
 Chesterton no doubt was a brilliant man ! In Orthodoxy he does not write for the common person , but for philosophers and intellectuals who enjoy such semantics . I had wished he had expressed his ideas more simply
 This book exemplifies the art of arguing a position without a foundation : Step 1
 Insofar as entertainment value , Chesterton should be praised for his gift of prose ; he would make a great talk show host ! But other than simple amusement at his turns of phrase , there is little that is intellectually bearable in this book . His logic is like a sieve full of self-defeating holes . Appalled and exasperated , I could not bring myself to read past the first half of the book . An agnostic , maybe I should n't have hoped to be impressed by what was clearly meant ONLY for people of strong Christian faith . However , I do have respect for Chesterton 's passion for his faith . I can now begin to understand what having a romance with one 's faith means . This is a valiant attempt to be persuasive in an area where religious faith has no business in , is inescapably incompatible with , and hence should stay clear of -- the logical , intellectual realm . No matter how much passion Chesterton has or how formidable his strength of conviction is , he can not perform miracles in a fact-bound world ; blind religious faith simply can not be reconciled with factual scientific logic . His only excuse is that he existed in a time when science was not as advanced as it is today .
 Having come recently to the Orthodox faith , I eagerly cracked the covers of G.K. Chresterton 's ORTHODOXY , The Romance of Faith . What I found was a carmudgeon 's rantings , which for the most part consisted of points that had faulty underpinnings . More disturbing still was the underlying racism and elitism woven throughout the fabric of this so-called testimonal on faith . Fortunatley for me , this book is n't even actually about Orthodoxy , but about Roman Catholicism , and Anglicanism , so my burgeoning faith is still safe from the likes of Chesterton .
 This is strictly a structural review for the Kindle edition . This is a fine piece of scholarship , but with no page numbers in the Kindle edition , it will be impossible to cite without comparing to a hard copy of the book . I expected more for $ 15 .
 A competent editor might have been able to find a good book in here somewhere . A good start would be cutting it in half and correcting the numerous grammar mistakes . Interestingly , one earlier reviewer here praises the writing as `` luminous and tight . '' You be the judge . Here is the first paragraph of chapter nine -LRB- I did n't make it much further -RRB- : `` The glistening sparkle of a trillion pearls explodes light from the rippling water like the bubbly fizz of a transparent soft drink in the world 's largest glass . Outside the glass are deep green high reeds and a wide-open breath of bright yellow and passionate crimson flowers , which explode from the nest of bulging leaves and a tussle of gnarled branches below . They bend in a graceful way with the gentle valley breeze . The backdrop of mountains , rigid and distant , cast a flush of puissant comfort , as if a great blanket of protection spreads over the passive dale . It is a little past six o'clock in the evening ; the day of tranquil scorching air has given way to cooler temperatures and a softer burn from the sun . But not even the earth 's vacillating temperatures can quell the surging heat rising within my rib cage as I 'm confronted with my first glimpse of the Sea of Galilee . `` Hemingway could have tightened that up a bit .
 Like Jordan Rubin , I had severe ulcerative colitis . When my symptoms stopped responding to medication , I began my own year-long search for a surgery-free cure which included eating nothing but Brasco Broth and supplements , as required in this book , for 2 weeks straight . -LRB- Use Amazon 's `` Look Inside '' to see the recipe for the soup on p. 328 . -RRB- Sadly , the colitis stayed , and I continued to lose weight . Finally , after losing 35 pounds and getting to the point where blood loss had me perilously close to heart attack , I gladly opted for a colectomy . Best . Decision . Ever.So why only 2 stars ? * Too much advice . Following the instructions in this book is maddening and tiring and , if one purchases the supplements , expensive . That goes double for folks who are extremely ill . The authors would have done well to leave out items that do n't have highly proven efficacy . * Too little evidence . Though studies are offered as piecemeal evidence for parts of the authors ' suggestions , only anecdotes are given as proof that the suggestions are curative . * Too much self-interest . Jordan Rubin 's authority as a health expert is highly suspect , and there is a serious conflict of interest in this -LRB- and his other books -RRB- because of the claim that the diets proposed will not be as effective without purchasing products from the company Rubin founded . Of course , ad hominem attacks on the book are n't sufficient to claim that it 's bad information , but they do put the reader in the uncomfortable position of having to re-research all of the claims made in Rubin 's name .
 I did not see any originality in the book . The most important part of the book is copied at least in terms of concepts from Elaine Gottschall book ` Breaking the Vicious Cycle ' . Quite a bit of it is very generic . There is a also a lot of repetition when it comes to the dietary schedule for different afflictions . And at the end , the sales pitch is too much to accept .
 I must admit I have not read this entire book but merely glanced through it when it arrived yesterday . However , a common theme throughout is that meat , especially red meat is healthy for you and that some people should be eating 4-5 eggs per day ! Also , there is a recipe for a broth that is part of the `` cleansing diet '' everyone must go on for at least 2-3 days . It states that every ingredient is important in this broth and must be included . One ingredient is chicken feet ! Really ? Chicken feet . Even if I were not vegetarian I would not even know where to buy chicken feet ! So if you are not up for eating every part of an animal save your money .
 This seemed like a great book in the store , but save your money . It 's really just a marketing tool to self-diagnose and buy LOTS of supplements and eat in ways that are impossible for the ordinary person.If you have thousands of dollars of expendable income for supplements and organic foods plus the price of this book , then it 's for you . If not , look in other places .
 Oh , if only I could give a negative stars review of this cookbook.I have to wonder if the two reviewers who gave this cookbook five stars actually tried to make anything using the recipes . They never mention that important fact in their reviews , so I assume the answer is no . There 's a huge difference between the concept of this cookbook and the execution . The concept is a terrific one - Roselyn Bakery was THE Indianapolis-area bakery for more than 50 years . Since they closed in 1999 , I 'm sure many Hoosiers would love to be able to duplicate their favorite recipes at home.But the execution of this terrific idea is abysmal . I tried to make two recipes in this book , and the results of both efforts were complete disasters . I am a very competent cook and have literally never had problems like these with any other recipes or cookbooks . Clearly , there is something very , very wrong with the recipes in this cookbook.The first recipe I tried was for rum cake . The recipe called for 16 egg yolks . That 's right ... 16 egg yolks for ONE rum cake . That seemed like a lot to me , but I did know that rum cake was dense and heavy and used more than the usual number of eggs . So I made the cake , following the recipe meticulously . Result
 This book , -LRB- `` the Story of the King James Bible and how it Changed a Nation , a Language , and a Culture '' -RRB- should have been much better than it is . Benson Bobrick 's `` How Wide the Waters '' covers the same topic -LRB- strange coincidence ? -RRB- , but I chose McGrath 's version because it is shorter , cheaper , and , Anglophile snob that I am , I assumed a Brit must be a better writer than an American . Although I have n't yet read Bobrick , I was almost certainly dead wrong . McGrath is a heavy , didactic writer . He ca n't make a point without making it two or three times in succession . Since this is not a long book , his repetitiveness means he must , perforce , leave some things out . One inexcusable omission is the relationship of the King James Version to the Book of Common Prayer , written half a century earlier and also destined to survive well into the 20th Century . -LRB- E.g. , `` for better for worse , for richer or poorer , in sickness and in health , to love and to cherish , till death do us part '' -RRB- . Both works are essential to the Anglican/Episcopal tradition . Incredibly , neither the BCP nor its primary author , Thomas Cranmer , appears in the index , and I found only one or two references to the BCP in the text.Incomplete as it is , the story this book tells is worth telling , and I learned much from reading it . That much can be said for many a humdrum textbook .
 I purchased this book with great enthusiasm . The jacket blurb promised a `` fascinating '' treatise on a `` tulmultuous time . '' Instead , McGrath has written a pedantic , almost outline treatment . He merely skims over a huge amount of material , and in no way fulfills the promise on the front cover -- `` The Story of the King James Bible and How it Changed a Nation , a language , and a Culture . '' As someone interested in ancient languages , I had hoped for more information on the translation itself . The book kept infering that this was forthcoming , but when it arrived -LRB- late in the book -RRB- , it was cursory and very incomplete . After reading this book , one would wonder what was all the fuss about the King James Version . In no way does this author convey the truly majestic language of this translation , and instead , one is left with the feeling that the politics of the translation were what was important . Perhaps the problem is just the misleading title and promise of the book . A more realistic title might be
 Interesting and easy to read but the inaccuracies leave me questioning the rest of the book . Some of the places where his scholarship is lacking are when he states that Daniel `` and his friends '' were thrown into the lions den . -LRB- Daniel was alone -RRB- He give the duration of the Babylonian exile as fifty years and not seventy.He also allows personal bias to show through when he refers to the name `` Jehovah '' as a `` term '' . He may not like or use the name , but it is a name and not a `` term '' . I bought the book because it was supposed to be about the King James Translation and how the language has changed based on that translation . There are a lot of words in this book but not many of them about the effects of the translation on our language .
 While McGrath does a very good job of thoroughly covering the events leading up to the publication of the King James Bible , this book leaves quite a bit to be desired.First , over three quarters of the book is not , in fact , about the King James Bible . A great majority of the book is devoted to the events leading up to the initial publication , while the minority is about its actual effects . When one considers the promises made by the title of the book , it is quite a disappointment.Second , I found McGrath 's style of writing to be somewhat dull and slow . He is very scholarly , and I am one who usually appreciates such a take on a subject , but McGrath is far too verbose and repetitive for my tastes . And I would hardly call his witticisms hilarious.Third , it seems as if this publishing project did n't have an editor ; there are spelling and grammar mistakes , and whole passages of the book that seem to repeat themselves.If you are interested in the religious climate of England in the Medieval period and the events leading up to the publication of the Bible in English vernacular , then this book is for you . However , if you are looking for a book that is about the King James Bible , prepare to be disappointed .
 I like this book a lot but will buy it in book form . The Kindle form separates captions from photos -LRB- so you ca n't tell which knot you are looking at -RRB- . It also retains page number references on the photos -- which is not useful on Kindle . Finally , the formatting separates each step of the directions from the image that illustrates it . You may have a different experience on the larger DX .
 1 -RRB- I love this book and it does a great job teaching the most important nautical knots .2 -RRB- In the Kindle format , the pictures are out of sequence . When converting the book into a Kindle format , did anyone bother to check how they are displayed ? It is rather difficult to follow how to tie a knot , when step 1 is followed by step 5 . If I did not already know how to tie a bowline , I never would have figured out the picture sequence .3 -RRB- The book is full of usefull information , so I will not request a refund because of the picture sequences . However , I will expect that a properly formatted Kindle version be provided to me in the near future .4 -RRB- Did I mention how much I like this book ?
 A really painfully slow book , overloaded with detail . It takes about 500 pages before H.G. Wells reaches the 20th century . Quite offensive in parts . He states at one point , `` I saw the approaching decivilization of Ireland '' . Elsewhere he drones on about his idea of a one-world government . The pro-Soviet propaganda is a bit much to take . Of Joseph Stalin , he enthuses , `` I have never met a man more candid , fair and honest . No-one is afraid of him and everybody trusts him . '' The reader is also informed that `` the new Soviet Russia was the best moral and political investment that had ever been offered to Britain '' . In Stalin 's Russia `` there remained a growing effect of a successful enterprise . '' Charles Darwin and Thomas Huxley are also venerated as being `` very great men '' and `` mighty intellectual liberators '' . If Wells 's vision of centralized world government occurs it seems it may well resemble Stalin 's Russia , as Wells ponders at one point that Stalin `` must be seeing many things much as I am seeing them '' . Instead of wading through this book I would recommend chapters 6 and 7 ofThe Intellectuals and the Masses
 The only thing that holds be back from giving this book a good review is the lunacy of the ending . I do n't know what Johnson had in mind , but if he was seeking to create more ambivalence about what is and was a difficult issue when this book was written for many African Americans , he succeeded . I can not in good conscience encourage anyone to read this , although the prose is truly masterful .
 sorry , i just thought the book was boring and worst of all , its a good story with alot of food for thought , but it was just written so poorly that it was ruined .
 This is one of the worst books I read in the past year . If it were n't for its place in history and its importance as the first first-person book written by an African-American author , I probably would 've given it one star . The narrative style is painful , the plot feels meandering and silly , and it 's just plain not worth reading . The narrator 's `` earnest '' style starts to grate after about 30 pages , and from there on the book just goes bonking along to nowhere . The ending is terrible , as well .
 This book made me want to run to the bathroom with my hands covering my mouth . The plot is absurd , and epitomizes mediocre literature . Certainly was n't a page turner , more of a page-flusher .
 Very long winded , confusing but enthralling at the same time . I would love to know who this story is actually written about .
 This book started out as very interesting , but I became bored with it in the last half . I would n't recommend it to others .
 It was an interesting read . At first it was tough to follow , but about halfway through you really get interested and the reader can not put the novel down !!
 The book discusses everything under the sun except what the title of the book promises . There is an entire chapters on the history of individualism , collectivism , and Utilitarianism . There is an entire chapter reviewing the latest EFL curriculi . There is still another entire chapter on gender differences in thinking . If you 're interested in that last topic , get `` You Just Do n't Understand '' by Deborah Tannen , because that 's where the authors get most of their information.Here is the sum total of the valued information which I got from the book : -- the term `` lumping fallacy '' -- the terms `` Gemeinschaft '' and `` Gesellschaft '' -- the words `` taciturn '' and `` voluble '' -- Asians prefer being addressed by their adopted English names than by their Asian names . -- Asians tend to state the premises first and the conclusion last , whereas Westerners tend to state the conclusion first and the premises last . -- In Asian society , it is considered improper for a student to introduce a new topic in class.For a North American who lives in South Korea and who has a serious need to communicate better with the people , this is disappointing .
 I sure do n't understand the 32 five star ratings that prompted me to purchase this book . I thought the writing was corny and the story line cliche . It was a quick 2 hour read but I want more from my books than a quick read - otherwise I would watch a movie .
 Abby , the successful engineer returns back to her hometown after 10 years where she meets Chase the former high school hottie . He has a big secret which we find out is the fact that he is illiterate ... Their differences in education do n't seem to matter , they still get together and plan to spend their future as a married couple , endless rambling on about it later I wish I had not wasted my time on this book .
 I purchased a deck of these cards based somewhat on the reviews here , and also because I am a professional reader and enjoy collecting various renderings of the Rider deck . Basically , I am appalled at the artwork . The paintings seem unprofessional in the extreme , as though painted by an untalented child . For example , the facial expression of The Fool is grotesque to say the least ; the lady depicted in The Star seems to have a huge black eye ; and the rendering of the IX of Pentacles lady seems quite cartoonish . These pictures are gross from beginning to end . In my opinion they are an affront to the tradition of the Rider deck . I am aghast that U.S. Games should publish them at all . The only reason I gave the deck two stars instead of one is because of the physical quality of the cards . They seem to be of an extremely high quality , thereby making it quite easy to handle and shuffle them . The pictures , however , are so repulsive that I will be handling and shuffling them no more .
 Oi , how much more convoluted can a text get ? With every edition , this text gets less organized . Or that is at least true for the last 3 editions , anyways ... Eg . In how many chapters can the topic of `` symmetry '' be covered ? Keeping it to 1 would be much easier to digest , thankyou.The text is written in old-school rambly style ... sure , it covers all topics , but it is hard to learn from -LRB- and in my experience , even harder to teach from -RRB- . There are better options out there . Nesse `` Intro to Mineralogy '' text .
 Dana is a name well associated with Mineralogy , BUT the writings are well over a century old . The language is not easily followed and many terms used have been out-of-use for a long time .
 I must admit this book was a BIG surprise to me - in the negative way . It felt outdated and boring - as opposed to the fresh thinking I was expecting.Sorry to say - but read CK instead - their supply ideas are WAY better !
 I am surprised O'REILLY published such a weak book . To keep it short , it is one of those `` click here , click there , you are done ! '' kind of books . I does n't go much deeper than the Cocoa tutorials on Apple 's developer site .
 The first few chapters are useful for learning the basics of Cocoa , but the last half of the book was written with the mistaken philosophy that people learn to code best by typing in lots of huge examples with almost no explanation.If you want to learn Objective-C and Cocoa -LRB- and you already know C -RRB- , go to Vervante and get `` The Objective-C Programming Language '' -LRB- a print-on-demand book by Apple -RRB- . Once you 've finished with that , you might want to go through the first half of this book - but get a used copy if you can . Or borrow one!The best book out so far is Aaron Hillegass ' `` Cocoa Programming for Mac OS X '' . While it does n't cover every topic in great depth , it is sufficient to get you started.From there , stick to Apple 's free documentation -LRB- included with the developer tools -RRB- and searches of the cocoa-dev mailing list -LRB- hosted by Apple -RRB- . Do n't bother with O'Reilly 's `` Building Cocoa Applications , '' unless you have time and money to burn.Maybe some good Cocoa books will come out later this year , but for now Aaron 's and the Vervante/print-on-demand one are about it .
 I bought Learning Cocoa because I assumed , being written by Apple and published by O'Reilly , that it had to be good . Unfortunately , I was rather disappointed.The book begins with a fairly weak introduction to Objective-C and Cocoa , and then launches into telling you what lines to pound in to Project Builder and what buttons to click in Interface Builder in order to compile programs that Apple has written . While these `` tutorials '' provide no real room for guided independent development , they do have some worth for learning good Cocoa development procedures and for getting in to the habit of writing Cocoa code.All in all , Learning Cocoa did n't advance my knowledge very far , and I do n't see myself counting on it as a reference at any point in the future . I 'd stay away from this one unless you 're a Cocoa book collector or something odd like that .
 Basically a rehash of the documentation that is available on the OS X Developer CD and Apple 's web site . Frankly , I think it 's shameful that Apple is , on the one hand , chastising developers for not embracing X , while , on the other , failing to document the X development environment . Learning Cocoa covers just the basics while leaving the most intriguing and potentially useful aspects of the environment unexplained . That should n't be a surprise , I suppose , since the most popular phrase in the current collection of developer documentation is `` Description forthcoming . '' Sheesh .
 Learning Cocoa is a a poorly ogranized rehash of materials that are freely offered by Apple Computer 's website . The books is deplorably structured . The chapter explaining Objective-C is confusing and incomplete . They do n't show any meaningful code until the Currency Converter example . This is the exact emample that can be found in Apple 's online developer documentation . This book is only helpful as a printed reference to Apple 's online materials .
 Learning Cocoa is a a poorly ogranized rehash of materials that are freely offered by Apple Computer 's website . The books is deplorably structured . The chapter explaining Objective-C is confusing and incomplete . They do n't show any meaningful code until the Currency Converter example . This is the exact emample that can be found in Apple 's online developer documentation . This book is only helpful as a printed reference to Apple 's online materials .
 Learning Cocoa is a a poorly ogranized rehash of materials that are freely offered by Apple Computer 's website . The books is deplorably structured . The chapter explaining Objective-C is confusing and incomplete . They do n't show any meaningful code until the Currency Converter example . This is the exact emample that can be found in Apple 's online developer documentation . This book is only helpful as a printed reference to Apple 's online materials .
 I ordered this book a couple of months in advance before the book shipped . I could hardly wait until the day it arrived . But not long afterwards did I realize that this book is one of the biggest disappoints in programming guides I have ever experienced . You can obviously tell that a single person did not work exclusively on this book . Several chapters are in different writing styles ... -- And the book contained a couple of chapters I had previously downloaded from Apple 's site!This book did little for me in advancing my knowledge of Cocoa and Objective C . It is probably and excellent book for someone coming from the NextStep/OpenStep world , but not for someong new to Mac OS X and Objective C. I found the book unorganized with the subject matter presented in an awkward flow . I am a just becoming exposed to Mac OS X Cocoa programming , but am not by any means an inexperienced professional programmer.Perhaps a more appropriate title should have been , `` Cocoa - A Primer For Experienced NextStep/OpenStep Programmers '' . And what 's with the lame Hello World program you first develop ? You write a program to print a message to the debug log in the Project Builder environment . That 's a program?And what about packaging your applications , creating icons , and whole other slew of potpurri and developmental aspects ? These are just about completely ignored.This book is better than nothing ... -- but not by much.I hope an individual author -LRB- OUTSIDE OF APPLE ! -RRB- writes a book on Cocoa soon . I 'm still waiting -LRB- and growing impatient -RRB- for a great book on Mac OS X Cocoa programming . What was Apple thinking when they released this book to O'Reilley ? Cheers all ! -- > Kelsey McClanahan
 Dull , dull , dull . Quite literally this is a bunch of documentation you can download from Apple 's site bound in a book . Yes , you do learn something , but the ratio of useful information to `` type in the program '' is awful and it 's very dry reading.Try the Aaron Hillegass book , or the new O'Reilly `` Building Cocoa Applications '' if you want a useful title on programming Cocoa . I see there 's a second edition of this book due in September 2002 - hopefully this 'll either pep up the existing content , or add something more -LRB- published paper documentation for the Cocoa frameworks is non-existent , probably because some of the on-line documentation I 've looked at still has big gaping holes in it - and people wonder why Carbonized apps outnumber those that use Cocoa ... -RRB-
 This is the only computer book I have ever purchased whose pages began to fall out within hours of its arrival . As for the content , it offers very little that is not covered in much greater detail in the Apple documentation provided free with Dev Tools . This is most likely the last O'Reilly book I will ever purchase !
 Limited detail , not much more than Win98 Help files provide . for example
 I really was excited to start reading this book , thinking it would be full of smart , well-crafted essays that would truly make you think -LRB- you know , like Bill Hick 's stand-up did -RRB- . So , I was deeply disappointed to find this book just to be fill with uneducated rants that spent more time worrying about fitting a new Bush joke in , then about actually making a point . Great idea , horrible execution .
 A great shame - what could have been a showcase for a wide range of Bill Hicks fans , established and new comics and political satire becomes too close to being an ego trip for half a dozen of the organsiers buddies . Were there really so few contributions to this project that the same names had to be used again and again?There are some good pieces but too few - and far too few Brits for someone who was so popular in the UK and such an Anglophile -LRB- and , unusually for an American capable of accurately satirising the British -RRB- .
 This is a collection of other people ranting Bill Hicks-style . That 's my fault for not reading the description better ! I am actually now trying to resell it !
 I like this book but would rather have just read these rants online . And why does it say Thom Yorke is one of the writers ? Does he go by another name ? That bummed me out a little . I wish more comedians would have been involved , it was way too short . Phooey !
 This is a very wordy book for a topic that should probably have a more reference style coverage . It focuses a little bit on how to use the matching functions in . net , and a little bit on how to use regular expressions.The . net stuff is really easy to get on your own , and the regular expressions stuff is so glossy that its not that useful.I do n't like having this book on my shelf since I can never find anything useful at a glance , but its not worth anything to sell . Maybe I 'll burn it .
 This book was sold by Wrox to APress . The code download is available directly from APress at http://support.apress.com .
 As with a lot of the wrox press books ; they are incredibly difficult to read ; both literally and physically !!! ; you ca n't keep a page open because the book spine is so tight that it keeps flipping shut.The book should start at the beginning and work its way through but instead it jumps into the deepend drowning newer users.Really found this book annoying and although it has a lot of content and usefull code the format and delivery make it ultimately a waste of money -LRB- my opinion . -RRB-
 Brigitte Helm . From Metropolis to Gold . This book is very disappointing . First , it is difficult to read because of the font used . The lower bar of the ` e ' is not very distinct and gives the text a faded appearance at all times . The book is full of typos . Mispellings that are obvious , hyphens in the wrong place , etc. occur every couple of pages . It is written in an unsophisticated style , as if written in German and then translated into English by someone who was not himself a writer . Second , it is not an in-depth biography of Brigitte Helm . It deals with her films , and her impressions making the films , culled from magazine articles . There is a smattering of biography - but everything ends after she made her last film . The rest of her life is dealt with in a couple of paragraphs . I did not get the impression that the authors , Herzog & Vazzana , had ever talked with Helm . It is also very short , less than a hundred pages , so the coverage of the films is also not as in-depth as it might be . There are several photographs -LRB- which fill out the book to above a hundred pages -RRB- - and these are the best part of the whole book , and make it worth its purchase price . Photos of Metropolis and most of her other films , as well as publicity shots .
 The introduction states that this book was inspired by the `` recent '' restoration of _ Metropolis _ by Giorgio Moroder . Moroder made his version in 1984 , and this book was published in 1994 . It sounds like it would be worth the wait , but it is very poorly done.I am not sure what audience the book was intended for . It often reads like a biography written for elementary-age readers , and then Herzog and Vazzana drop in thousand dollar words like `` obfuscate '' and bits of film studies terminology . The book is loaded with typos -LRB- `` classis , '' `` os '' for `` of , '' `` Atrhur '' -RRB- many of which could have been caught with a spellcheck , no less , and the `` e `` s often look like `` c '' . At one point he has several quotations from `` Arnheim , a critic . '' He is never fully identified nor cited , and this further suggests the approach of a children 's biography . The book has a bibliography , but no actual citations for its quotations.The font size , which is also suggestive of a children 's book , is indicative of just how padded this book is . There are two interviews with Helm that were originally published in 1930s magazines , and even further padding with a complete transcription of the Moroder version of Metropolis -- its intertitles and subtitles -LRB- not the Pete Belotte lyrics -RRB- and some descriptions I did n't bother to read since the rest of the writing her is so amateurish.The book is utterly confusing in its approach . The Herzog biography on the jacket flap says that Helm is Herzog 's favorite actress and that she represents the apex of film stardom . However , that is certainly not the message that one gets from this book . In numerous cases , he tells of films where she was panned , sometimes agreeing , sometimes waxing poetic about her performances and still agreeing , sometimes challenging , but not often . Worst of all is that sometimes his detailings of the negative reactions to her films seem totally out of balance when one encounters a paragraph like this : '' _ Spione am Werk _ -LRB- 1932 -RRB- had a long run at the Gloria Palast in Berlin and when it was shown in New York City , _ Variety _ -LRB- April , 1993 -RRB- praised the acting and the photography in it . `` No further mention or description of _ Spione am Werk _ is given . If it 's a lost film , say so . After film after film where her acting was faulted , you come to one where she was praised and gloss over it ? Was the copywriter of the jacket flap mistaken?The editing of this book is so poor that there are two papragraphs about _ The Contess of Monte Christo _ on page 46 and 49 . The first is stuck in at the end of Chapter V , while the second is embedded in Chapter 6 , and is written as though it is introducing the film to the reader for the first time . A reader of the copy I read -LRB- belonging to the New York Public Library -RRB- was prompted to add some details on page 46 that were on page 49 , apparently thinking that some important info was dropped off before they read ahead to find it ! Again , I say , ten years to produce a book this disorganized?The last page of the book proper is only page 58 . Its last paragraph starts with `` In 1935 Helm was a great success in the role of a young girl . '' No mention of what film this is , and what else would she be playing ? An old lady ? Yes , she played a robot , as the photos clearly show , and a vamps not young girls ? That 's a vague term . Was she playing a child or adolescent ? Perhaps the film referred to is _ An Ideal Husband _ , -LRB- Herzog is inconsistent about the article ; `` an '' is consistent with the German `` Ein '' in the film 's original title -RRB- as the last sentence of the book reads , `` One of her last films , _ The Ideal Husband _ , proved once and for all that Helm was truly a great film actress of the time . '' Where is the support ? In the middle of the paragraph , he talks about Karl Hartl 's ability to direct her . According to the filmography , Hartl had not directed her in a film since 1933 , so he 's not trying to lead up to it in a clumsy attempt at dramatic writing . The last film Hartl directed her in was _ Gold _ , which , as the title indicates , is the last film that Herzog and Vazzana want to discuss , so they slap on a mess that tries to be a conclusion?As to the value of the supplements ? The filmography does not include the documentary that was mentioned several times that Helm supposedly appeared in and considers _ Metropolis _ her first film . Helm 's name is also presented in boldface in the filmography , as if we did n't know that her credit in the film was a given . There are 56 tipped-in plates with one or more photographs on each . Some are very revealing , such as Helm in the robot suit with the helmet off getting a drink . Of the twenty still photographs of _ Metropolis _ , most of them are very commonly reproduced , some of which do not even show Helm . Seven of these I absolutely guarantee you have seen.I was not familiar with Helm 's work other than _ Metropolis _ when I read this , though I had some awareness of her further career from IMDb . The book does not really compel me to seek out more of her work . I probably will , anyway , since she intrigues me enough that I read the book to begin with , but the impression one is left with is that Helm was a mediocre actor who happened to be in a landmark film classic and left acting after only ten years to get married and raise a family . Certainly , as a defense of her acting ability , the book fails , but considering how much of a failure the book is on so many levels , that is n't surprising . The subtitle is supported only by the numerous references saying that she looks like she could be a Greek goddess.For Helm completists only .
 The author tells story of one of children who made the choice to not have faith in Christianity . That 's it ! That 's all ! Nobody starved and certainly nobody died . Yet the author insists painting her son 's choice as the tragedy to en all tragedies . Last time I checked we as individuals in our society are not only supposed to have the right to think for ourselves but this most basic and precous liberty is supposed to be actively encouraged . Obviously this is a completely alien concept to this author . Before this author contemplated writting this book perhaps sho should have gone to a place where REAL tragedy is going on as a daily basis , such as mass hunger , war , or gencide . Where children die everday . How dare she even think of feeling sorry for herself .
 WRITTEN IN 2004 NOT CURRENT THOUGHT IT WAS PUBLISHED RECENTLY , WISH I WOULD KNOW IT BEFORE I BOUGHT THE BOOK.BOOK IS IN GOOD CONDITION
 The Mayo Clinic Family Health Book is a much more informative and detailed book . It is a much better value .
 Inaccurate regarding ME/CFIDS -LRB- `` CFS '' -RRB- . It is nice to see ME appropriately classified under autoimmune disorders . There were some glaring inaccuracies though , like saying that ME is a variety of different symptoms in different people ; that tests ca n't aid in diagnosis and that most people recover .
 I failed my first attempt at the Access Exam by 2 points . I was looking for a book to quickly review some things I may not know . This book is not only boring to read but confusing . I spend more than half of the time looking for the examples supplied on the diskette of practice files . Some I never found , I just gave up and looked around my access database for something similar . The practice test in the back has no way of scoring you . You have to know what you did or did not know when you are finished , then review . Pass on this book .
 This book is very difficult to follow . There are errors in the book , which are not all cleared up by going to the author 's web site . But without going there , you ca n't even follow along after a certain point , because some crucial instructions are omitted.But even more than those kind of errors are errors of omission . Steps that are worded confusingly , steps left out , the lack of progressive sample files -LRB- even files needed to practice import/export are left out with a lame excuse -RRB- . The sample files are pretty much what you end up with when you 've finished the book , not interim files that would make it possible to go back and easily review chapters.For just one specific example of this books shortcomings , there is an Exam Alert that tells you encryption/decryption will fail if user-level security has been established and you do n't have correct permissions . Makes it sound like that is something you should know how do adjust , right ? Wrong ! Permissions are not covered AT ALL in the book . If they are necessary for the test it would be nice if they were in the book . Why warn us otherwise ? If you try to encrypt some of the sample files provided , encryption will fail due to read permissions . It would be nice to have the book tell us how to fix that condition .
 I have written several highly favorable reviews of Anthony Trollope 's novels for Amazon ; this will be my first unfavorable review of the work of one of my favorite authors . For me , nothing works in The Small House at Allington . I took little interest in the main cast of characters . First we have Lily Dale , the heroine of the novel , who falls in love with Adolphus Crosbie , a weak , confused , cowardly young man . The two become engaged and almost immediately Crosbie jilts Lily for Lady Alexandrina , daughter of an Earl . Much of the rest of the novel is concerned with Lily and her dedication to her false fianc&eacute; . Into this sad story comes Johnny Eames , one of the most poorly written of any of Trollope 's characters . Having read twelve of Trollope 's novels I feel confident in my appraisal of young Eames . Trollope gives us a confused picture of a young man who himself is confused in all things concerning his life except for his love of Lily Dale . I could only shake my head in disappointment at Trollope 's inept handling of Eames and also Lily Dale . I think most readers will be unhappy with the resolution of the story of Lily and Johnny and almost everything else concerning them.Additionally , the plot of The Small House is thin . Not much happens from beginning to end of this fifth novel in The Chronicles of Barsetshire . Many supporting characters make their entrances and exits with little bearing on the main story line . For example , Lily 's sister Bella 's role is as confused and unsatisfying as her sister Lily . `` Bel 's '' purpose seems to be to frustrate the wishes of her uncle , Squire Dale , which she does at any and every opportunity . The Squire himself is one of the saddest character 's Trollope has created . He mopes about from beginning to end of the novel feeling sorry for himself and adding little to the story line.Another disappointment comes with the introduction of Plantagenet Palliser , nephew of the Duke of Omnium . Plantagenet is the central character in the six novels of the Palliser series of books by Trollope , and is one of Trollope 's greatest novelistic achievements . In The Small House he has none of the monumental qualities of character that will eventually result in his being named Prime Minister of England in the fifth novel in the series aptly named The Prime Minister . Like almost everyone else in The Small House , he appears weak and confused . His brief entrance and exit contribute little to the main plot of the novel.As mentioned in the beginning of this long review , I think Anthony Trollope is one of the finest of all English novelists . Until reading The Small House at Allington , I would have said to anyone that it is not possible to make a mistake when choosing a novel by Trollope . I was wrong . Trollope disappointed me with this novel ; even so , I look forward with interest and anticipation to reading the Last Chronicle of Barset , the final novel in the series . Several Amazon reviewers consider this the best of this series of books and I am confident Trollope will return to form .
 Summoning the spirit of William Bartram , Bill Belleville offers a description of the lands , people , water , wilderness , and animals around the St. Johns River in Florida . Belleville clearly likes to identify with Bartram , even refering to him as `` Billy '' based on a single letter from Henry Laurens to Bartram 's father . Belleville is an excellent writer and offers a compelling narrative.Yet there is much that I find disturbing about this book . Belleville 's grasp of history is not very strong . While he gushes about the French Hugenot colonial experience , he seems to have little to say about the Spanish . The French were in Florida for the better part of two years ; the Spanish were in Florida for well over two centuries . Belleville seems to have little to say about the black experience in Florida either . No record survives of what happened to the slaves `` Billy '' Bartram abandoned when his plantation went under . Maybe `` Billy '' was not the saint that Belleville seems to think.Worse , Belleville seems to have little use for a lot of people . He does not like toursits . He does not like the city of Jacksonville . He resents development and so on . All well and good . But the tide of humanity , both past and present , are some of the strongest factors in what makes the St. Johns unique and it 's something Belleville does not seem to fully appreciate .
 Well , any dax related book is welcomed since we do n't have many.It 's not that the books is bad for its purpose , but like the other negative reviewers say , it 's just a general overview book that is not enough to scrape the surface of it and that is the truth . Someone should come up with sceries of books that concentrate on a module at a time.So , if you are expecting too much and in a situation of doing dirty practical hands-on stuffs ... working with MorphX and X + + through the maze of classes , data dics , forms , etc , you should n't expect too much from it .
 Book is covering the subjects on a too technical elvel and not easy to understand for an Axapta customer .
 This book is just like these free microsoft white papers that give an overview on a product.It will not deliver the `` Secrets '' of Axapta . Also , it only have 1 chapter on x + + . The developer 's Guide that come with the product is much better.I still hope for a good book .
 The book is not organized in the right way . Subjects are not helping .
 The book was a waste of money . You can get a CD called Axapta Multi-Media LXCD-MM00-D000000 10/3 from your local Axapta provider that tells the same story . This book is so basic and has no meat to it . I wish I 'd have waited for other reviews before I purchased it . My bad . Call a local Axpata provider and get the info for FREE .
 The book should have some checklists to help customer and consultants . It sohuld underline important considerations . It sohudl be more than an Axapta help menu .
 It looks like a microsfot brochure for the people who have no odea about Axapta . it is giving some basic knowledge for beginniners .
 This book is a compilation of Axapta right click help menu . I do not understand why people are spending their times to write a second help menu .
 I go to a Catholic high school and am in the tenth grade . I must say that this book fails utterly in what it is striving to do , to give teenagers an interesting base for their faith in Jesus . I think that it would be so much better if we just studied straight out of the bible . Right now I am studying for a midterm in Religion based on this text book . It is so disillusioning what people do with Chrisianity . They focus so much on the religion part that they forget the true meaning of faith in Christ . I have read the whole bible through a number of times , in addition to devouring any book I can get my hands on . This is not good material .
 This book strives to make a young person interested in their faith . However it is completely saturated with higher criticism . It does not strengthen a persons faith but rather it brings doubts . Infact throughout the entire book they seem to remind you that our faith is based on nothing but a book , a book that may be fatally flawed.Of course if you like that stuff this is the book for you !
 I bought this because my son 's Catholic religion teacher is still using it suplementally , and I wanted to check it out . I question whether the author is really Catholic . It is texts such as this that lead students away from truth . I would recommend the Didache series developed by Scott Hahn .
 This book is a fine expression of faith - for liberal Protestants . For Catholics , `` JOHCOF '' represents the indoctrination of new generations with the same confusion everyone has felt in the recent frenzy in the Church . Used as a teaching tool , this is especially deadly to the Faith . Every thing a Catholic would have learned just half a century ago is openly rebuked in this mess . To the writers , Jesus is just a man who lived in Galilee . Every thing supernatural - from the miracles to the appearance of the star and the magi at Christ 's birth are all analyzed from a `` scientific '' viewpoint to try and explain away the Divinity of Christ and the historicity of the Gospels . The Church teaching on the authors of the Pentateuch and much of the New Testament are thrown aside ; this book prefers to make use of secular `` scholars '' in cracking the origins of the Bible . The whole book is about `` Jesus the Jew , '' and makes it appear as though He never renounced the immense errors of Judaism . It adds a vocabulary word - `` anti-Semitism '' for anyone who espouses the traditional teaching on Christ 's criticism of the Pharisees and the Jews ' eventual murdering of Christ out of envy - both sound Catholic doctrines . The book lacks any element of the rich sacred Catholic Tradition as well . There are hundreds of images of Jews worshipping in their synagogues and Mohammedans in their mosques but you will find not a single image of the Roman Mass , the only Sacrifice that actually goes to the True God , as used by the Holy Church for 2,000 years . The book teaches the very anti-Christian heresy of syncretism , and denies that the Church is the only way to salvation in Heaven . No teachings about Catholic doctrines such as Purgatory , and nothing about the Popes and the teachings of the Holy Office against heresy . No teachings about the usage of Latin as the universal language of the Church , the language used in the Mass , which is the offering of the Sacrifice at Cavalry , not a meal like the Protestants have . The Catholic Church is just an accident left over by the life of a Jewish man 2,000 years ago , if this book is to be taken at face value . The only time the Catholic Church is mentioned at all is in the last few pages - to mention the wonderful `` fruits '' of the `` Second Vatican Council , '' the source of all this confusion . When will these people stop kidding themselves and cut this charade out ? It is a shame that something coming out of `` St. Mary 's Press '' is such a sorry peace of work , but there is no doubt this book would hit the Index Librorum Prohibitorum if Pope St. Pius X saw this abominable Modernist piece being circulated . Stick to the doctrinal security of the Roman Catechism , and avoid this large editorial on what liberal laypeople want the Church to teach . Pray for an end of this grand mockery ... the Catholic Church is the Church of the Christ of Faith , Jesus of History established Her in A.D. 33 and She is the Defender of the Sacred Deposit of the Faith , not these Modernists .
 This beautiful piece of work s filled with pretty pictures and wonderfull lessons on history . The books uses carefully chosen historical facts to back up it 's commentary . While explaining the life of the ancient Jews during Jesus ' time , the book uses this carfully chosen historical fact , `` The Jews were great walkers . '' The book is filled with these beautifully stated facts . Another example
 This book is based on a very flawed Christology that denies the divinity of Jesus . It brings doubt , not faith . It has been found by the American bishops to not be in conformity with the Catechism of the Catholic Church . I am appalled that there are Catholic high schools who are still using this text .
 Book looked like hundreds of people had just read it . I have n't read it yet . Because to small print-worn etc.Of course Taylor Caldwell will not disappoint me .
 This edition is very incomplete . I should have done more research and found a better publisher . There is no picture or table of contents , just jumps right into the stories without intro or explanation . I would n't mind that if there were at least a table of contents to direct my use of the book . I also have n't started reading the stories to my kids just yet , but the idea is that this is a collection of classics , so I am eager to dive in soon .
 My biggest problem with this book is there is no table of contents . Every time I look for a particular story , I have to look through the entire volume , which contains maybe forty fairy tales , maybe more . I just ca n't fathom how any publisher would have thought this incomplete volume would be a good idea .
 The book 's title is `` Palm Pilot in 10 Minutes '' and this is true . The book focuses on the basics.It is good for what it is , an intro to the Palm Pilot.Good book to have around for beginners who are not technically inclined.I literally read the book in 10 minutes and then gave it to a colleague.The book does not go into applied implementations for corporate sales teams and or executive staff . -LRB- No coverage on Notes , Exchange , Goldmine , Outlook , ... -RRB-
 I 've had to force myself to read halfway through this book . The pilgrim chapters are the most interesting , but overall , it 's just boring .
 This book is banal . I was hoping for more sophisticated analysis . This is an area of California history that deserves better than this effort .
 It 's a real slog trying to get through this badly written , repetitive , and seemingly pointless work . With the fascinating real-life stories he had to work with , it 's a wonder the author could produce such a dull book . It reads like a very rough first draft ; very unprofessional .
 The author has some great pages , but he is so judgmental . If you do n't believe what he believes he put you down . Sorry I bought the book . I wish he would have done what title says and that 's is to teach on a different word not put everything down he does n't believe in . Stay away unless you believe in knocking other works .
 I started this book Jan 1 and was happy with it but I got to today 's entry - February 15 - and the author says that all the gifts of the Spirit are still in operation but apostles and prophets have ceased . Since the NT was written , they are no longer needed . He also says evangelists are really just church planters . Why , then , did God choose the foolishness of preaching to save men ? Does n't God appoint evangelists `` to herald the Gospel ; '' to preach?He is weaving in HIS doctrine while he is supposed to be just giving us Greek definitions . Now I need to toss the book , or go back and re-read everything and strain out any previously unnoticed bias.I do n't know Greek , so its going to be hard to spot where he uses definitions -LRB- and if his definitions are right -RRB- to `` preach '' his own theology.I never saw it coming - his take on the gifts . I 'd like to know his eschatology - does he think all prophecy already happened , i.e. Antiochus Epiphanes already fufilled the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel ? Has the tribulation already occured?I 've been trusting this book to be a legitimate and unbias source of info on Greek vocabulary and I feel as if I 've been sucker punched learning he decided apostles and prophets are no longer `` offices '' God appoints . I 'm left wondering what else , in his theology , will I disagree with ? And how can I trust his use of Greek?I saw that he also has a Word For The Day in Hebrew . Am I to assume he is both a Hebrew and Greek scholar ?
 I have liked most of Ms. Harrington 's books but I can find nothing to recommend her latest `` Montana Born and Bred . '' I had a hard time having any sympathy for Sarah or Zach.I did n't find either one of them to be interesting characters . Zach 's many stories of his childhood seemed contrived and if they were meant to make the reader like him more , it did n't work . His motivations got especially fuzzy near the end . His desire to get his land back -LRB- because of his lack of a childhood home -RRB- wavered unconvincingly back and forth.Sarah was a weak character and it was never clear why she had to tell everyone the baby was her nephew when all she had to do was say her husband had died . How she got into the whole situation of being pregnant and unmarried only made her more unlikeable.The villains of this story are so way over the top they are a joke . It was n't enough to make Priscilla , the woman who wants Sarah 's baby , crazy , she 's cruel to small animals , a murderer and a lesbian too ! Her character just kept getting more ridiculous as the story progressed . The contemporary issues of adoption and the rights of the birth mother could have been so much more compelling if the author had used her abilities to write deeply emotional stories . Instead , she presents characters that could be rejects from a bad soap opera . This story is not up to the usual quality of Ms. Harrington 's previous books and I hope this book is not a sign of what is to come .
 This book is a big waste of time and money . It is lacking the substance and detail needed to understand this important topic . All the book goes into is high level topics and dancing around the substantial issues without handling them.If you want to really learn about MS OLAP , DTS , MDX , OLE DB for OLAP , ADOMD , etc. , then DO NOT buy this book . It will not serve these purposes .
 This is not so much a novel as an artifact . Much of it is practically incomprehensible due to a great deal of English-public-school vocabulary that few people living will be able to understand . There are pages of descriptions of `` footer , '' including sentences such as , `` The last ball he placed in front of short-leg for a single , '' and `` The next ball was full pitch to leg , '' but there are almost no details of the boys ' academic studies or of the rest of their lives . The writing style is very terse and choppy , and the boys have no personalities . The jerkiness , the lack of explanations , and the lack of any character development at all , make reading this book a bizarre experience .
 The back cover of this book brags that the author has `` started more than 20 businesses . '' Well , when you read the book , you learn the reason he started so many , is that so many of them TANKED , and he had to keep starting over !! This book reminds me of a guy in my fraternity who told me that it would be REALLY hard for me to get a date with a certain beautiful girl , because HE had courted her for 6 months , and she had never gone out with him , despite all his efforts . Despite his pessimism , this girl went out with me the first time I asked her ! Terry Allen 's business life is filled with fitful success , and a lot of failure . And he assumes your record of failure as an entrepreneur will duplicate his . He gives the old bromide , `` An entrepreneur works any 24 hours he wants to . '' -LRB- Few things are as tiresome as the entrepreneur-as-martyr . -RRB- So he assumes that EVERY entrepreneur is going to fail for years , and work all the time , before victory by attrition . One of my best friends from high school started a business right out of school ... it did $ 1 million in sales its first year . He was on the FORBES 400 list eight years later with a net worth of over $ 1/2 a billion . He succeeded immediately , without experiencing failure , and he succeeded BIG . He also had a lot of free time off this entire time . Another friend of mine became very wealthy very young , and lives on a giant estate in the South of France . And he averages about 6 hours of work a day , not including the months he takes off to stay in his mansions around the world . And he is not retired . I know from my friends that you can become a very successful entrepreneur without killing yourself work-wise , and without failing over and over . Just because Terry Allen messed up so much , and had to declare bankruptcy twice , does n't mean you will . He 's a bizarre source to give `` advice '' it seems to me . Another entrepreneur who did n't fail repeatedly , and did n't wait years for success to finally hit , is Michael Dell . He started Dell Computers when he was 19 out of his dorm room , and did $ 6 million in sales its first year . Dell Computers grew and grew , with only a few slips , making him a billionaire while he was very young . He 's been a billionaire for awhile , and he 's STILL young . I saw him on PBS recently , and he says his work hours are about 8:30 to 5:00 . These are his hours as CEO of a global , multi-billion dollar corporation !! NO CASH , NO FEAR has an occasional good piece of advice . But you 'd do better to read Michael Dell 's book DIRECT FROM DELL . It 's like taking golf lessons from Tiger Woods ... rather than from a golf teacher at a community college .
 The title `` No Cash No Fear '' is perfect . Terry Allen is an expert at starting risky business ventures using money from investors , and if he loses it , no fear , because it 's not his money . All of his business ventures are really just kooky get-rich-quick schemes that collapse in a matter of months.The only redeeming part of the book is the one where he opens a pizza place in Moscow . It turns out to be the cheapest and most wildly profitable scheme he 's ever done . But he leaves because he does n't want to get involved in the shady world of bribes and payoffs that dominate Russian business.Don ' t read this book if you want to be an entrepreneur . Terry Allen is a con man .
 The title implies that this is a book about how to start a business with no cash . Nothing could be be further from the truth . Yes , the author did start many businesses with little or no cash however this book is in no way a road map as to how the reader can apply the author 's methodology on a regular , consistant basis . Each of the author 's ventures are truly unique to time , place and circumstance.If you 're looking for a good story book about the adventures , trials and tribulations of a confirmed self-employed individual , then this is an interesting read.In the meantime , do n't quit your day job until you find another book .
 I read this book , had to look hard to find all that is advertised . 4 ingredients to cook up a business idea , 4 commandents for running a solid , profitable company . Well , three stories about his business experience would have been sufficient to explain his business idea . It was a tiresome read about all his business disasters . I tried the no money down route to buying a house . Never found a guillable person to agree to this . I tried to purchase a business this way as well . If a business is for sale , everyone that is selling wants their money . Even if the business is not worth what they are asking , some fool will come along pay the price . Its the American dream being a business owner . I tend to think now all these books on how to do it with no cash are full of nonsense . If i find out the secret to making money , why would I tell anything else ?? If I make it , i dont need to boast . Save your money . Read good books on business and try to form relationships with people that are successful so you can learn from real life successful people who did it the first time around because they had sound business experience .
 Too bad , the lowest rating is a `` one '' star ... because I would have given it `` 0 '' stars.Very disappointed and a complete waste of money and time . I broke the cardinal rule , I bought the book on a ` whim ' and did n't even open the book before purchase ... my ERROR do n't let it be yours!I skimmed the book in less then 30 minutes , less I actually think , because there is NOTHING of value in it ! Terry Allen wrote strictly of his personal experiences , which were very one sided and lacked ANY substance . For example , he states , he sold 100 worth of options to his family for $ 1 each , then sold the stock years later for $ 100,000 each . Question is how !? Why would anyone buy stock from members of his family for $ 100,000 each ? What did the investors get in return , what was the basis for the sale ? No information is given.There is just a bunch of incomplete thoughts and ideas in this book . Sad and totally disappointed with myself for spending any money but mostly disappointed to think that apparently anybody can write a book with absolutely no value in it and still get it published . Did the publisher even read the book ? Did anyone ? Doubt it because it is a complete waste of paper and ink .
 I purchased this book looking for information on specific methods of financing my pre-startup with little of my own money . I read the book in it 's entirety and here is what it is
 Wow . This guy left a wake of bankrupt investors , angry customers & employees -LRB- and all for good reason -RRB- , everywhere he went!He frequently spends money he has n't earned and creatively parlays it until the house of cards collapses . And this happends over and over again.Somehow , out of decades of disasters ... , a business emerges that he sells for a lot of money.What I took away from the book is that Terry has more business experiences than nearly anybody - but he still has n't learned anything from it!He got lucky 1 time out of 50 and wrote a book.I finished the book still looking for the `` invaluable lessons '' , but gave it 2 starts because it is an engaging read .
 A fine starting book on das Ostfront for neophytes and college students -LRB- did I repeat myself ? -RRB- . If you are anyone well read in this area , skip , nay -- run from this book . It will insult your intelligence and you will find yourself mentally adding in the many points the author missed . Some sort of sub-title , like ` elementary guide to ' or ` first book of ' definitely applies here . Many mistakes , that even non-experts can catch , abound .
 A thick book that covers too many topics , from programming syntax to CORBA , JDBC , and servlets , all superficially , many poorly . The hard-to-understand explanations provide little insight into the topic areas covered.One has a sense that the author rushed to print just to be the first with a Java 2 title , by adding a few Java 2 items to a Java 1.1 text . Some chapters use Applets -LRB- Java 1.1 -RRB- , others Japplets -LRB- Java 2 -RRB- . Much of the Java 2 material is just filler -- listings of the class definitions . Important Java 2 Swing concepts such as the various `` panes '' that are used to overlay graphics -LRB- content pane , glass pane , etc. -RRB- are not discussed nor does the book mention overriding the paintComponent -LRB- -RRB- method for doing graphics .
 The advanced topics are same as developer 's handbook by Roberts and Heller.I have been through both the books and noticed that the chapters on advanced topics of Java are identical -LRB- word to word , figure to figure -RRB- . Both the books have same wordings , diagrams , tables and even the same coding examples . I find it very hard to believe that different authors would write end up writing using same wordings , diagrams and think of even the same coding example.I am giving below the comparisons for ready reference : Mastering Java 2 | Java 2 Dev . HandbookBy John Zukowski | By Simon Roberts , Philip Heller1 . Ch 21 . JDBC API | CH 11 . Database Connectivity2 . Ch 24 . Security | Ch 18 . Security3 . Ch 25 . RMI | Ch 12 . Persistence and RMI4 . Ch 26 . Java & CORBA | Ch 13 . Java & CORBA connectivityI gave up after this . Is this a strange coincidence or is someone cheating here -LRB- Either one of the authors is cheating or Sybex is cheating by selling the same material under different titles and using different author names and making more money -RRB- . I know Sybex has the copyrights but is it ethical ? And why are the authors silent or they just care about the money or maybe they are not the real authors in the first place ? Just wanted to spread the awareness .
 I bought this book yesterday and am returning it tomorrow after realizing that a lot of the example contained within it are incorrect and do not even compile . The book has references to
 This book gives a high level look at the majority of Java features , but no serious detail . If you just want an idea of what Java can do for you , this book is fine . If you actually want to program , look elsewhere .
 I wish I 'd checked out the reviews here before I hastily went and bought this book . It is a terrible book , bereft of any useful , real-world examples and full of typos . It skims over topics giving the reader no hope of fully understanding the concepts . This would be acceptable if it had a load of examples that you could use to get coding straight away but it does n't . By Chapter 5 the only fully compilable code example -LRB- as opposed to snippets -RRB- was the mandatory `` Hello World '' program in Chapter 1 . Terrible book .
 In two words , it sucks . I need to develop real world applications , not rewrite ` diff ' in Java . This book offers me nothing more than hints about how to address the tasks at hand . I have found myself relying almost exclusively on Sun 's Java documentation , and programming examples , to get what I need . I keep trying to use this book as a reference , but am mostly just wasting my time when I do so . ` Mastering Java 2 ' will make a good back-stop for target practice.If it were not for the fact that I _ know _ Java is a superb development tool , this book would persuade me to return to C/C + + .
 In comparison to the Heller-Roberts book this book is n't even close . Everything is in there , yet the explanation is that superficial that you have to go somewhere else to find out what it really is all about . My advice
 This book is , by far , the thickest book I own at exactly 3 inches . It even surpasses my `` GTE Everything Pages '' phonebook ! It truly could have been separated into 3 books . Had it been 3 separate books , I would have only purchased Part III , the advanced section . Currently , it is collecting dust on my bookshelf . Perhaps the mammoth book could be used as a makeshift bulletproof vest or boat anchor .
 I could n't help but fall asleep whilst reading this book . I only was able to go through about a little over a half , mostly because I was required to read it . Generally , the book is about a middle eastern girl living in a Harem and surrounded by the conflicting Western Power , the French Army . Lots of battles with tradition and western cultures , and primarily about the rift between men and women . So you 're in for a subtle yet quite obvious gender conflict , which was in my opinion awfully sexist -LRB- I know it 's from the view of a woman but that does n't take away from the fact that she explicitly tries to write as if she were a child again with `` innocence '' yet fails because of her mature agenda -RRB- . The author , Mernissi , spends about 10-15 pages per chapter driveling on about the most useless facts or coincidences . Just when you think she 's reaching her point and finally bear fruit , it 's the start of a new chapter and another take on a topic or segment of her life that is completely irrelevant .
 once again , mernissi has used the literary forum to vent her personal venom against her faith . As a reader searching for actual scholarly or literary value , I find her books an absolute abomination . A `` bayt arabi '' -LRB- arab-style house with a courtyard in the middle -RRB- is not a haram , nor is the extended family setting Mernissi describes . At least not in most households . But an account of life in a `` haram '' is sure to sell . I 've travelled widely throughout the middle east and have spoken to countless women , in seclusion and privacy , learning their language in order to gain their trust , and rarely have I encountered the kind of frustration Mernissi depicts in this , or any of her books .
 i was surprised to find only one unfavorable view on this book . . i found it 's ornate diction along with its detailed descriptions and banal subjects most suffocating and tedious to read . and i was disappointed that she made Islam such a big part of the book . . it 's clear her frustrations are merely an image of her mother 's . . and those are just fantasies of wanting to be like the others . . if she was to speak about islam . . she should have mentioned islam was the first to give women political and social rights . . and the women that are veiled today are the true hardcore feminists . . the book really disgusts me . . she is a pseudo feminist . . if she wants to rebel . . why not do it against her culture and her dress . . she enjoys her lavish abode . . spends countless hours on beauty -LRB- and a million pages it seems -RRB- . . it 's no wonder she wants to go out and flaunt it . . i thought the book sucked . .
 There is some good information in this book but way to much important stuff is missing . Stuff that should be in * any * linux networking book that is missing from this one include : - discussion of dhcpd , the dynamic host config protocall daemon-discussion of dhcpcd , the dynamic host config protocol client daemon-the routed daemon-any other meaningful discussion of dynamic routing in linux-any discussion of connectivity with Windows machines -LRB- SAMBA is not mentioned anywhere in the entire book -RRB- It would not be possible to administer an actual modern network without any of the above . These omissions are unforgivable in my opinion . Definite one star .
 I am new to Linux , but have quite a bit of experience running large NT networks across multiple classification levels . The time has arrived for me to learn Linux as I believe there will be a compelling economic rationale for moving the back-end of networks to Linux . As I work to master Linux , the incompleteness of the avialable literature is truly amazing . Lots of niches filled , but nothing truly helpful . This book is a bit dated , Kernal 2.2 , and it was not particularly helpful to me in respect to file systems . Did not cover extended2 FS , FHS and other , newer systems . Weak on scripting although it does cover API interfaces . Not much on installs/upgrades . A decent resource to have on the shelf to fill in missing holes . I have had to turn elsewhere for a more integrated , comprehensive approach to Linux .
 Lengthy , verbose , repetitious a real head nodder . I more or less gave up on the book after going through the same ritual with every society he wrote about.Unless you are a real study of Archaeology , of of Doomsday predictions , would not recommend this book .
 Tainter 's book clearly was written with the academic in mind . For some reason it has been endorsed by a certain fringe libertarian / doom-mongering crowd . Tainter 's thesis is understandable by anyone who has taken a course in introductory economics
 Professor Tainter has written a useful review of many Nations ' declines , blaming the increased complexity of successful societies as a ballooning burden on productivity that brings on the Fall . Like most historical surveys of this type , the author provides a scholarly review of many competing theories and an overview of the major issues facing successful nations throughout history . However , this book 's conclusions , like most theories explaining the cycles of history , deals with the symptoms of decline , and fails to get to the underlying heart of the matter . Of course by their very nature all large successful societies become more and more complex , but the complexity itself is not the problem . Indeed , the extraordinary complexity of the computer and internet age may be what saves this nation from decline.No theory of history 's failures can be comprehensive unless correlated with the cause of history 's successes . Many writers have argued that individuals make the difference
 My own purchase relied on some extremely favorable reviews , and now I 'm expensively stuck.I was slogging along through Tainter 's clunky writing style when I got to page 50 of the 18th -LRB- 2008 -RRB- edition . There he made this remarkable remark : `` As it becomes apparent to the members or administrators of a complex society that a resource base is deteriorating , it seems most reasonable to assume that some rational steps are taken towards a resolution . With their administrative structure and their capacity to allocate labor and resources , dealing with adverse environmental conditions may be one of the things that complex societies do best . It is curious that they would collapse when faced with precisely those conditions that they are equipped to circumvent . `` Tainter lost me with that observation . -LRB- setting aside PC phrasing for a moment , I actually went into a stalking rage ! -RRB- On page 89 it got even worse when he effectively dismissed 11 alternatives to his own notions.Like the Anasazi leaders could have done something when the decades-long drought started ! Or any of the recent American ` administrators '' - GWB or BHO - have made the slightest effort to do something `` rational '' about a looming change of climate which will make the Anasazi situation look like a pleasant Spring outing by comparison . -LSB- ... -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/Collapse-Societies-Choose-Fail-Succeed/dp/0670033375I'd suggest reading Jared Diamond 's `` Collapse '' book first . Then borrow a copy of Tainter 's tome from a friend or from the library . If you find it useful , by all means purchase it . If you 're of the ` libertarian ' persuasion , ignore this review and Buy It Now . IMO this one is well on the way to becoming a Libertarian Holy Book .
 This is the worst book I have ever purchased on Amazon . The title is intriguing but the substance is shallow . The writing style is absolutely abysmal and it is worth noting that the editing is credited in the introduction to the author 's wife , hardly unbiased . This is probably one of those required texts that accompanies some arcane college course for burned out seniors in the social sciences . Since Mom and Dad are paying the bills , the final is multiple choice , a guaranteed B or A - . It is a slick production designed and promoted by confused academics.The topic , properly treated and written about more scientifically and less quasi scholarly , has possibilities . Although the archeological evidence is limited but steadily accumulating , the subject matter has great speculative potential . Our own society , thought by many to be deteriorating under the undo burden of religious superstition similarly parallels many of the cited civilizations in this book and as such makes the study relevant . But this point is by no means an endorsement of this book.If you are looking for substance on this topic , either write your own book or look elsewhere.I felt overly generous giving this product one star ; it deserves some symbol representing a `` black hole . ''
 This book came out in the early 90 's and attempts to shed light on the goings-on at Standford at the time . The authors express dismay at what they argue was the dumbing down of Stanford curricula , attacks on Western civilization , and a powerful multicultural ideology that permeated every aspect of the campus bringing it to its intellectual and social knees.The book details a number of admittedly ridiculous events that occured on campus -LRB- although sources are questionable -RRB- , while others were quite serious . The authors often have an inverted or biased interpretation of the events which becomes clear to the objective reader . Greedy and corrupt campus officials are not individuals making bad choices - they 're people who are part and parcel of a so called multicultural movement/ideology/culture that gives them carte blanche to do what they want . Racial identity politics is said to be a dangerous offshoot of the new ideology yet this is something that has been with us for centuries , long before ` multiculturalism ' got started . American slavery based on racial affiliation is a stark example of racial identity politics.The book overemphasizes problems on the campus and links these problems to the presence of a multiculural ideology . The same problems would be found in any era at any time for any cross section of society . It is not necessarily the sign of a radically new trend . The school campuses that I attended nearly a decade after this book was written did n't resemble anything contained in it.For what it 's worth , it does offers fantastic insights into the significant and distinguishing features of Western Civilization -LRB- not to be confused with Western cultures -RRB- and its place in society.As an interesting aside , one of the authors is now a billionaire -LRB- co-founder of Paypal and investor for Facebook -RRB- . He 's also a libertarian . If you find libertarianism lacking in fundamental ways , you 'll notice those things lacking in this book . Like libertarian philosophy , the book is deeply and richly analytical , yet too often simultaneously misses the boat completely .
 As an attendee of Stanford during the same years as Sacks and Thiel , I shared many of their concerns with the shifting standards of educational practice and the possible consequences on the quality of undergraduate learning . This book , however , does nothing to further this debate , rather it stands as a shameless piece of yellow journalism that radically distorts the facts of the situation . The great majority of the footnotes in this book are to the Stanford Review , a `` newspaper '' that is a laughing stock in the Stanford community , and the majority of articles within were written by Sacks , Thiel , or one of their close friends . Nepotistic , overblown , and amateurish , this volume would shame the bookshelf of any respectable student of education in America .
 of Messrs Thiel and Sacks . The morality of `` I 've got mine so screw you '' masquerading as discourse against diversity . A clever bunch , these people are , but they fool nobody . That shills like William Kristol support it should be your clue .
 This book was too ambitious . It covered too many topics , spanning from childhood to adulthood , without really getting to any helpful information . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 Thankfully , Abigail Thomas followed the proverb , `` If at first you do n't succeed , try , try again , '' having recently composed a wonderful memoir of life before , during and -LRB- mostly -RRB- after her husband suffered a traumatic brain injury , entitled A Three Dog Life . Unfortunately , this earlier work , a 179-page collection of about 100 stories , ranging in length from one sentence to a few pages , was disappointing . In Safekeeping , snippets of her life from an eighteen-year-old pregnant wife , to grandmotherhood , her writing feels stiff and forced and even though I disliked it from the start , I trudged on hopefully . Unfortunately , my disappointment never disappeared and only wavered during two of the stories , I Ate There Once , about a conversation which takes place as she rides in a car with her second and third husbands and , What the Moment Can Hold , which tells of her feelings and actions during an encounter with her newborn granddaughter . Both felt authentic and true . As far as the rest of the stories , they seemed like what you 'd get from an above-average college student if you assigned them to create a journal of life , specifying , `` Write down any random thought you have . '' Additionally , it is written in the third person , which does n't suit the theme , memoir-like `` true stories from a life . '' Readers should skip Safekeeping in favor of her later and many-times-better memoir , A Three Dog Life .
 I read Abigail Thomas ' article in the AARP magazine . I am writing a memoir and thought I would like to read one of her memoirs before buying her book which is supposed to tell you how.I decided on `` Safekeeping '' . I was so disappointed ! I read it in two sittings and was left feeling , `` That is it ? '' . I 've thought a couple of days whether or not I should write this review as several readers have raved about it . The blurbs on the cover do too.I 'm sorry , but I just ca n't agree . I 'm glad I bought a used copy and did n't waste too much money !
 This is the first chapter from Chomsky 's first political book , ` American Power and the New Mandarins . ' Why did the New Press decide to break out this chapter and print it as a stand-alone book ? I have no idea . ` Objectivity and Liberal Scholarship ' is divided into two sections
 Undoubtedly , Waugh is a good writer . I found the subject matter of this novel terribly boring , the main characters strange and uninteresting . I had absolutely nothing in common with any of the characters so I could not make any connection with them and did not care what happened to them .
 I wo n't touch on the actual book -- ie its literary qualities -- but instead want to state that this book was very poorly done for the Kindle . I do n't know who 's responsible , the publisher , who provided the book for use , or amazon , who developed the format and probably the conversion software ... Quotation marks were often half-done , so it seemed characters would start by making conversation and suddenly veer directly into narration . The word `` I '' was often replaced by the letter `` T '' . Frequently , words were br k e n apart and/or missing letters . This technology has been available for two years now , so I should expect that the task of FORMATTING TEXT and CHECKING SPELLING would be under control by now . I 've downloaded free old books from gutenberg.org and manybooks.net that did n't have this problem , so to find it in a major publishing house is rather irritating . The same problems recur in the other Waugh book , The Sword of Honour Trilogy ... though it has n't occurred in Waugh 's Complete Short Stories , though I 've read quite a few of them .
 The story has been summarized before
 I was forced to buy this by clicking on kindle unconsciously ... it 's t o o b a dkindle is tricky
 FORMAT . There is one narrator , Simon Ryder . The novel is in four parts . The first and last are in the `` present '' while the middle two are in the `` past . '' The middle two compose the bulk of the book.SYNOPSIS . The first of them is apparently about an eccentric h * m * s * x ** l alcoholic , Sebastian Flyte -LRB- I wrote that word that way to deceive the automatic censor -RRB- . It is mostly about how his alcoholism gets him kicked out of Oxford and how his family tries to get him dried up , without avail . Ryder is in the background , but interacts with the other characters.The second of them is apparently about the affair between Ryder and Flyte 's sister Julia . They both are unhappily married and decide to divorce their spouses and then marry one another . However , after they are divorced but before they remarry -LRB- or something like that -RRB- , Julia 's father dies . He had become a Catholic to marry his wife , but had been excommunicated later . But , in his death throes , he made some gestures that might have indicated that he wanted to become a Catholic again . The whole family -LRB- also Catholic -RRB- , whether observant or not , is concerned about his soul . They are therefore relieved when it seems he might have repented . Ryder , seeing this , suddenly stops being a jaded agnostic and believes in God . He and Julia decide not to marry after all , since Catholicism forbade remarriage unless the marriage was annulled by the Holy See.The first and last parts are Ryder returning to the Flyte family house -LRB- known as Brideshead , it being at the head of the stream called Bride -RRB- years later.EVALUATION . The dialogue is frequently scintillating and delightful . The narration has some great phrases . Take , for example , the metaphor , `` thin bat 's squeak of sexuality audible only to me , '' which refers to his reaction when a girl asks him to light a cigarette , apparently requiring him to put it in his mouth . The narration , however , is obnoxious at times . Waugh tried to use a physics metaphor without even describing the metaphor , pleading ignorance of physics.The division of the book mostly into two separate stories is bad . It disassociates parts of the story from one another , interrupting the narrative and one 's identification with the characters . In fact , the two halves seem like different novels.The whole feel of the story of a dysfunctional English aristocratic family in the 1930s was warm and fuzzy.Now for the book 's purpose , which is supposedly to show divine grace . Firstly , I do not like novels that try to demonstrate a proposition or teach a lesson . Secondly , I do not like the proposition or lesson of this book . Are we to believe that grace comes at certain times to certain persons for no given reason ? That seems quite odd . The idea that one has lived his whole life one way can suddenly decide to change at the last minute is inexplicable . Also , it seems that the book is saying that those raised Catholic can not escape the faith . That seems to deny the power of choice of the one taught . I regard these theses as repugnant .
 The story begins with Charles Ryder being in the army during in world war two . He comes across the estate of his old friend , Sebastian Flyte during the war and it stirs up his old memories and that 's where the story actually starts because that whole first chapter , you must understand , is entirely boring . The novel is sort of told in flashback mode by Ryder who befriends Sebastian during his college years after meeting him in a contrived way -LRB- throwing up in Ryder 's room -RRB- and that of course , brings about events that would never ever happen -LRB- a guy sending a fellow he barely knows a room full of flowers and inviting him to have lunch with his friends -RRB- in real life . Sebastian carries around a teddybear that is a gimmick the writer uses to make people remember Sebastian is `` different '' from the the rest of the people in the story . Besides the teddybear , Sebastian does very little else to distinguish himself between him and the rest of the people in this story but then half way threw it , he goes from guy who drinks for fun -LRB- Charles and Sebastain skip away and get drunk alot -RRB- to big just a pathetic drunk . So , I guess he was given TWO chacterstics then , lol . There 's another fellow in the story called Anthony Blanche but he 's barely worth mentioning but he 's big gimmick is stuttering and after a while , it becomes so tiresome and awful . I could n't wait for that him to be written out . He 's supposed to be rather openly homosexual but Charles and Sebastian 's relationship is written as more of sort of friendship with hints of homosexuality . It 's really left up to the reader 's imagination or what you want to believe . So anyway , Sebastian hates his family but he keeps dragging Charles back to his big rich castle home until he eventually encounters them , first sort of as individuals and later as almost a whole family except for Sebastian 's dad who left the family and lives with another woman . Sebastian acts like a baby when he gets around his family and worries they 'll steal Charles away from him but then he locks himself up in his room and drinks so Charles has little choice but get to socialize with them . Eventually , their ` friendship ' falls apart and Charles falls for Sebastian 's sister . After their ` friendship ' dissolved , sebastian disappears and is only briefly mentioned and I found the novel got pretty dull after that and it was a struggle to finish . The final outcome of it all left alot to be desired to . I do n't recomend it .
 It is upperclass british drivel . This book should be dropped from school curriculum . This book was so bad it was no wonder when PBS picked it up and made a mini series . If you like the feeling of banging your head against the wall , read this book !!! Otherwise a caution to all who even think about reading this do n't .
 I 'd first of all like to know how many of the people who gave this book positive reviews are catholics or episcopalians . I 'll bet the percentage is very high . I hate stories that try to push a religious -LRB- or any other -RRB- agenda ; i.e. , stories with a `` message . '' The first writer who discovers the meaning of life will be qualified to write a message novel . Until then , I wish all others would desist.Aside from that , the writing is coy and pretentious -- a sort of snob 's `` Rebecca , '' though the house , the characters and the plot in DuMaurier 's novel were much more interesting . Waugh should have stuck to humor and should not have tried to create great literature , which this definitely is not ; what a bore he became in his old age .
 The reader , a deservedly acclaimed actor , who was made famous by playing Charles Ryder on T.V. made the recording sound flat . The weariness was probably an interpretive style ; but , it made the listening to the recording difficult .
 This is the most excruciatingly drawn out , tedious , highly overrated novel I 've read in a long time . I do not care that it 's considered a `` classic '' . That does not save it from its numerous shortcomings , the biggest one being that the plot was pretty thin and uninteresting , dealing mostly with the subject of religion -LRB- Catholicism -RRB- and how it can potentially destroy lives . The ending in particular was very jarring and dissatisfying . The whole Charles-Julia relationship towards the end of the book felt forced , given the fact that previously there was little interaction between the two . Be aware that Evelyn Waugh himself was mildly disparaging of his creation in hindsight . In his correspondence with Graham Greene in 1950 he wrote `` I re-read Brideshead Revisited and was appalled . '' He continues , `` It was a bleak period of present privation and threatening disaster - the period of soya beans and Basic English - and in consequence the book is infused with a kind of gluttony , for food and wine , for the splendours of the recent past , and for rhetorical and ornamental language which now , with a full stomach , I find distasteful . '' If you are someone who reads books merely for their beautiful prose , then by all means read this book . However , if you are someone like me who values exciting plots and strong fully developed characters more than the use of flowery language , then skip this book . Pick any book by Graham Greene instead or even Muriel Spark , a little known Scottish author , who would always be remembered for her terse prose but incredibly imaginative , fascinating plot lines .
 i got this book thinking it would be geniously acidic and sarcastic like waugh 's other novels . i suppose , leaving my preference for waugh 's usual style aside , that this book is alright . just . the story was bland , i kept waiting for something interesting to happen , and it never showed up . the main character constantly left me rolling my eyes at him . actually , everyone in the book did , besides the younger sister . she was a lovely smarta ** . but i 'm rambling . my point is that if you want something acidic and wickedly funny , go for the loved one or a handful of dust . just admire the gorgeous cover art in the bookstore and then reach for another one of waugh 's books .
 This is not the only abridged edition of a literary work Amazon is offering without any warning at all that it 's abridged . If Kindle books are to be acceptable to serious readers , full disclosure is a must.Moreover , Amazon is accepting for distribution `` Kindle '' versions of books that are so shabbily scanned that the errors interrupt the reading flow . In most cases one can see how machine scanning could cause the error ; what 's not acceptable is that no editor has gone through the product with a fine-tooth comb before putting it out there.Don ' t buy them when warned , return them when surprised , and call them out by name - identifying publisher if possible .
 I average two books a week , and have given up on approximately a dozen books in my lifetime . This book started off with an interesting concept , and got progressively more boring and more self indulgent , I deleted the book about a quarter of the way through . Who knows if it got better ? The process was n't worth the suffering .
 Just was n't my taste in writing , I suppose , but I just could n't stay interested long enough to keep reading after about a fourth of the book . So I did n't . Did n't finish it .
 Did not hate the Book , but it bored me.Did not finish it.No real relationships.The coolness of the young and rich is irritating .
 Interesting read , not really sure what I expected . Tended to be a bit ponderous . Still , it was a nice change from the usual modern story I often pick up
 I usually read a book in one or two nights after dinner . I 've been on this book for over a week and have absolutely no problem putting it down . It is just a SLOW read ; certainly does n't have anything in it to hold my interest.I 'm a person that refuses to give up -LRB- except for a few that I filed in a Mistakes folder -RRB- on my kindle . I think I 'm up to 62 % read now and will probably force myself to finish it but it will definitely get put into the mistakes folder.In other words -- it 's just plain BORING !
 Anyone considering a purchase of this product should know that it is very heavily abridged . It 's difficult to give a realistic assessment of how much has been lost , but to me it sounds as though about half of Waugh 's writing has been cut out . Most of the dialogue is there , but the narratives have been omitted . Whole characters , such as Hooper and Charles Ryder 's father , have been truncated , leaving the book really an empty shell.I was really disappointed by this product
 I seldom post reviews . However this book is so tedious , that I have to say that I 'm sorry I bought it , and I no idea why it is so highly rated . I did n't see the tv series , so that must have been better . Even 12 years of post high school education does n't help me enjoy this , and although the writing is somewhat colorful and descriptive , it does n't make me care about any of these people . A story about an alcoholic , lots of description , where not much happens for many , many pages , a very slow soap opera ; Thankfully it 's not too long .
 Apple in AlabamaI was going to buy this edition because I love the book , and the origional series with Anthony Andrews & Jeremy Irons . Now , I think maybe I 'll skip it if the format sucks . Thanks 4 the heads up !
 I did not need to get far into this book to realize this was definitely NOT my reading genre . I do not enjoy reading about War or Post War eras .
 Not up to par with the normal writings of Wrox Press . This book talks a lot and gives ideas but fails to properly explain the code or the objects . Chapter 6 is an introduction and discussion on a database application but fails to be anything other than an expanded users guide for the app . More time could have been spent explaining how the object structure in the applications is being used . In my opinion the title miss leads you into something that the book really is not . It should be called `` Ideas for what to do with JavaScript '' .
 The main point that the authors attempt to make is that JavaScript can be a powerful and flexible object-oriented programming language . This book is better suited for the classroom than for real-world web development . Out of its 450 + pages , a single 30-page chapter deals with JavaScript in the browser.Since I have several years of C/C + + experience , I bought this book primarily for the object reference table in the appendix . As I began writing real JavaScript applications , however , it became clear that this book was more of a hinderance than a help -- that even the object reference was a watered down version of the Netscape documentation . For instance , the book makes no distinction between read/write and read-only properties . The programmer is left guessing whether his program is failing or the property is not writable.I found that `` JavaScript - The Definitive Guide '' by O'Reilly & Associates -LRB- ISBN 1-56592-392-8 -RRB- covers browser objects much more thoroughy .
 I have worked with javascript for some time and wanted to learn to create javascript objects and impliment them into my code . I thought that this would be the perfect book for my needs but I have never been so wrong . The book could be called `` creating data structures using javascript '' because it jumps right into complex examples of creating data structures with very little explanation of what is happing from a language prospective . I did get far enouph to write some BAD object code and post it out to a news group who got me on the right track . THIS IS NOT THE BOOK FOR YOU IF YOU ARE TRYING TO LEARN JAVASCRIPT OBJECTS FOR THE FIRST TIME . It is now in my trash basket .
 This book was required by my first -LRB- and only -RRB- networking class . The text called out for obviously wrong answers . The networking exercises were not possible to complete as written . My guess is that the college that offered this class selected this as a textbook due to its cheap cost . Save your money , walk away !
 Mark A. Eggleston is an analyst at Currid & Company specializing in emerging technologies.If you want to sell books about networking do n't ever use the word `` Novell '' Mark ... please ... emerging technologies ??? Houston ...
 The passport program that this book is about has been suspended , so there is n't a whole lot of point to buying the book anymore.The Associated Press reported on October 12 , 2001 that Grenada has suspended its program of allowingforeigners to buy passports , saying the practice was too risky after the terrorist attacks in the United States . `` Grenadian passports can end up in the wrong hands and be used for purposes other than for that which they were intended , '' Grenada Finance Minister Anthony Boatswain said.The program drew criticism even before the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and the Pentagon , with some saying the practice allowed criminals to effectively adopt new legal identities for a price.Grenada also recently was placed on an international blacklist of countries considered uncooperative in fighting money laundering . It was unclear whether Grenada 's decision to suspend the economiccitizenship program was related to the blacklisting.Officials say the suspension will cost the island between $ 1.8 million and $ 2.2 million yearly
 Apparently the author has lived abroad too long . On page one he states
 The author states in the first chapter
 An industrial-strength table of contents ! Inside - fails to deliver.Heaps of missing code , typos . Some good information warrants the 2 stars .
 I was extrememly disappointed with this book . It promised `` Industrial Strength '' advice but was a poorly written , confusing exposition of the author 's inability to create an intelligent technical book . The book contained many typos and misleading references . The CD had to be cleaned before it was usable ; and it did not contain all the code shown in the book . The book is clearly a hastily put together device with an eye-catching title that did n't deliver . It irks me to know the author probably made money . He should personally apologize to all his customers .
 Despite my knowledge in C++ and experience in several programming languages , I could not quite understand the explanations of this book . This impression is enforced by the fact that I have read some Java books and the Javasoft on-line tutorial . The examples employed in the explanations are awfully rushed in -LRB- as the case of the Flying Pig in explanation about interface -RRB- . This book appears that it has been written by rushed contributors . It lacks in consistency and has lots of spelling errors . The listings are so short and split across the text that I can hardly have picture of the overall text/discussion . Such a book may compromise the image of the publisher .
 By the looks of the Table of Contents the book should be perfect . I also had a chance to browse it quickly in a bookstore and it look to be alright . When I looked it up for those topics I needed the truth came up . It does not explain matters . How could I be such a fool ! Next time I will be very careful about those `` Industrial Strengths '' and the likes ... and probably about the publisher too .
 This book has about the best table of contents that I have seen . A quick glance indicates that this book covers just about every topic needed to write `` industrial strength '' Java application . Unfortunately , the content does not back it up.The AWT chapters -LRB- AWT Basics and Advanced AWT -RRB- both deal with basic AWT topics . The cover page claims that the book covers Java 1.1 , but the examples here all use the 1.0 event model . The chapters `` Interfacing C/C + + and Java '' and `` JDBC '' contain very little content -LRB- but the LARGE fonts used help them to stretch for many pages -RRB- . In general , the book tries to cover too much . Each of these chapters could -LRB- and usually do -RRB- take an entire book to cover . That would be okay if this book provided a solid introduction to each topic , but in most places it fails to do even that .
 One of the worst I have ever read . I do n't know how this Wertheim clown ever got published , but I hope it never happens again .
 If you want to learn how viruses work or how to create one or how to detect one , forget them . This book is too shallow . He will teach you what viruses are , how to send anonymous e-mails and others things like that . That 's all . If you really need to understand about viruses try a different book , please .
 It 's difficult to say who should be more ashamed of themselves
 This book is a struggling collection of mistaken , useless , and potentially dangerous misinformation . The author has clearly not done his homework , and is not very knowledgeable about viruses.Apart from the many errors in the book , the innacurate descriptions , and irrelevant information , the author also includes bad recommendations on how to protect yourself from viruses , to wit
 There are a lot of C++ newer features not covered in this book . I do not deny that it was possible that this was a good book in 1995 , but revisions must be done to keep the book up to date .
 I love O'Reilly books but this one was a big disappointment . - no mention of vectors - no use of namespace - no discussion of Inheritance in classes - generally outdated -LRB- publish date 1995 -RRB- . These topics alone are so commonly used in beginning C++ courses that the omission of these topics so basic to C++ is really horrifying . I ended up giving up on the book . After several attempts to refer to it for my classes I found it not just lacking in an explanation , but completely missing the topic . I just put the book in the corner to collect dust.O ` Reilly really needs a better book than this one for such an important topic .
 The author constantly glides over confusing consepts like reference variables and recursion , and half the time he does n't explain his code .
 Might be recommended for college students but not recommended for professionals who already know C or Pascal . I found this book to be neither a good tutorial -LRB- see `` Teach Yourself C++ in 21 Days '' by Jesse Liberty instead -RRB- nor a good book for advanced topics -LRB- see `` Effective C++ '' by Scott Meyers -RRB- . Too much time is spent on style , and the discussion of exceptions is very inadequate .
 If you are looking for a book on how to program in C++ , this is not the book for you . If you are looking for a book on how to do object oriented programming , this is not the book for you . If you are looking for a so-so C++ reference that teaches you how to write C code using C++ , then this is the book for you.Practical C programming is one of the best C books out there , that 's why I bought this one . The problem is , that this is the same book with the syntax stuff changed for C++ . The author does very little to talk about OO design or what C++ can do for you . The examples are still based on procedural style and the author does n't cover the more advanced OO features very well.If you 're looking to start C/C + + programming then here 's the books you really need : For C concepts and style
 Where do I start ? OK C book . Terrible C++ book.The author 's _ Practical C Programming _ is OK . As some other reviewer said , it looks like he took the code examples from that book , changed `` printf '' to `` cout '' , added a few pages on classes , and sent off the manuscript.Many reviewers here have argued that this is supposed to be an introduction to C++ , not an exhaustive tutorial , and so it 's OK that the book does n't cover many advanced topics . I strenuously disagree . As Allen Holub has pointed out , C++ is so full of traps and pitfalls that there 's no point in using it unless you are going to make full use of its advanced features . The advanced features * are * the core of the language . So any introduction to C++ must get into inheritance , virtual functions , templates , operator overloading , and the STL as soon as possible.But not only does this book not deal with the features of the language that it should , but the material it * does * deal with is presented in an inexcusably poor way . It 's clear that Oualline really does n't know C++ , or he would use inheritance correctly -- hell , he would declare main -LRB- -RRB- correctly!Summary
 Steve Oualline has another book , Practical C Programming . I have not read that book , but judging the quality of the code examples in this book , I imagine that he ripped out about 75 % of the code examples from that book . So many of his code snippets start with `` void main -LRB- -RRB- '' that it drove me crazy ! He gets it right , sometimes , with `` int main -LRB- void -RRB- '' , but he is very inconsistent . The most egregious error , in my opinion , was an example he used to try to explain classes . He tries to use a `` class -LRB- name -RRB- '' example as a base class for tax forms !!! What is that ? That is clearly not an `` is-a '' relationship , a term he conspicuously leaves out . The code throughout is not ANSI standard C++ , and really needs to be cleaned up . Granted , the book was written before the ANSI standard was formally adopted , but this book should have long since been rewritten with the new standard in mind . Steer clear of this book !
 do n't even bother . I first learned C++ with this book and then switched to some others , GNU C++ for Linux and C++ How to Program . When I recently went back to this book I discovered what a foul job was done , especially with classes . Declare the data member of a linked list node class as public ? Give me a break . He says once that he prefers structured programming over OO . Well that is good , because he sure -LRB- -RRB- at coding objects .
 As has already been said
 My favorite thing about this `` Vonnegut 's greatest hits '' attempt is that he did n't actually write it ; rather , it is an attempt by network television to capitalize on the successful moments of his books and short stories . Well , it does n't work . The `` Plot device '' is so weak it walks on thin ice-nine ; an astronaut trapped in a time warp that throws him into the best moments of Vonnegut 's books ? Why not give them proper films of their own ? And most importantly , how about giving the true authors the blame where it is due ? The original idea 's are Vonneguts , but this plundering is not . A capitalist bankruptcy
 There ` s at least one major omission in this edition , in the third chapter -LRB- ` On The State Of War ' -RRB- , and there are probably others as well . With a work this important and succinct , the full text is indispensable .
 An admiring though shallow and poorly written account of a unique American genius . Though salted with several good anecdotes , Gordon 's book mostly relies on the research and interviews of others and ultimately does little to explain McKinley Morganfield 's life and times . For a writer who presumes to account for the life of a musician , Gordon 's descriptions of various Waters recordings are especially poor . Far far better is his video documentary of the same name . One suspects the book is the assembled notes of that project .
 Boring . recipies arent that great . If you want to do macrobiotic get a different cookbook or just load up with grains on your own . This book is not great and has many seemingly `` hand drawn '' pictures . I like to see color pictures of food . Call me a first grader but it makes me interested in what I am making . This is the farthest thing from intersting or delicious .
 I stopped using this book after the first chapter because I found three critical errors in the solutions to the first 15 problems . That 's an appalling failure rate of 20 % ! As of this posting , EngineeringPress has posted no errata on line . From my point of view , this makes the book an unreliable resource for all but the most confident of problem solvers and I have asked for a refund.The solutions provided in this book can not be trusted .
 There are obvious errors in the first chapter of problems . I will definitely not use this to study and I do n't recommend it at all .
 This set of two books is more than a little ... schizophrenic . `` The Tao of Pooh '' rates about an 8 on my scale ; it 's a fun little read ... but a little bit troubling.Why troubling ? For the most part , it 's a cogent and simple analogy between very basic Taoism and the characters of A.A. Milne 's Pooh books . `` The Tao of Pooh '' is a serene and peaceful pool with hints of some very ugly things lurking just below the surface . The most egregious example is his confused mishmash of pop -LRB- un -RRB- history of Thanksgiving welded to a bland not-so-New Age conception of the American Indians as peaceful gentle folk living in effortless harmony with the ecology and each other . But he can be forgiven that -- he 's making a point and he 's a little rushed . But still ... troubling.In `` The Te of Piglet '' , those things erupt out like pus from a boil . Mister Hoff has an ideological ax to grind with this one , and the problem is , it 's a very dull and , at times , painfully stupid one . The title is a beginning clue -- he 's starting off with a much more strained analogy , but surely he can pull it off , right ? Wrong . Like its predecessor , `` The Te of Piglet '' contains interludes starring our favorite characters from the Hundred Acre Wood . In the first book , these interludes were a nice grounding point and integrated in . In this one , however , they 're superfluous and simply do n't sound anywhere near as accurate a rendition of the characters . They seem rushed -- Mr. Hoff is in a hurry to get back to his inept didactic half-wit ranting , and it shows . Notable gems of the type
 These books are westernized nonsense that present a view of Taoism that bears very little resemblence to real Taoism -LRB- the traditions practiced in China for over 20 centuries -RRB- . These books are a pure marketing scheme and amount to cultural colonialization -LRB- or cultural theft -RRB- . If you want to learn more about real Taoism , try searching for books that are published by university presses - not the discount bin at Walden Books . For more on this topic , read some publications and presentations by Dr. Russell Kirkland and check his sources for other great works that are accurate treatments of real Taoism.I gave these books at least one star because they have introduced many in the West to Taoism -LRB- including myself -RRB- and , thus , they have served a good purpose . However , do not read these books and think you understand Taoism . You will need to take what you have read , empty your cup , and start over . Search for academic treatments of Taoism -LRB- not commercial -RRB- . As well , if you are really interested in practicing Taoism , you should shop around for a good Tai Chi or Qijong instructor -LRB- sifu -RRB- . Try to find one that really emphasizes the spiritual side of the martial arts.NOTE
 Hoff 's general premise is that Winnie-the-Pooh is a wonderful embodiment of some of the fundamental principles of taoism . If he limited himself to that discussion , the book would have been a much better read - he really does do a nice job of developing that theme.Unfortunately , Mr. Hoff 's un-tsaoist ego attempts to get in the way , especially , when he attempts to give direct `` life lessons '' to his readers -LRB- as opposed to allowing his readers to draw them from the anecdotes he desribes -RRB- . Mr. Hoff at that point begins to evince a `` more buddhist , and thus cooler , than thou '' attitude in these portions of the book , and in the process reveals a lot of judgmentalism and close-mindedness . A minor example that I happen to recall
 This book was recommended to me by a friend that swears by it because it helped him through a difficult time in his life . I lost interest after the first couple of pages but forced myself to finish it . The author simplifies Taoist thought to the point that it is in line with any philosophy or religion . If you follow the golden rule and listen to your instincts , congratulations , you &#8217; re a Taoist . He makes his points by insulting every character from Winnie the Pooh , except for the great Pooh of course , and almost every profession . He needed to spend more time explaining the principles of Taoism and less time trying to explain what it is not . It is not a good introduction to Taoist thought , it just made me want to find a book that is . That is not to mention the bad writing style and confusing analogies . Interesting topic with potential but in the hands of a bad writer it turned to crap .
 I picked up this book because it seemed so charming . The author took the stories and characters of A.A. Milne and juxtaposed them with the Taoist teachings of people such as Lao Tzu.Pooh as western Taoist starts off interestingly enough but halfway through it I came to the realization that it was making me want to just read the actual Milne , who was frankly probably a genius writer . Those were great books with great characters , each with their own type of intelligence.Then about two thirds through the book , it just becomes insulting . The author is against pretty much anything useful . Rather than believing in the give and take of Ying and Yang -LRB- or any other name it may go under -RRB- he 's against intellectuals who are secretly foolish for trying to figure anything about the world , against people who work hard and care about their jobs or contributions -LRB- again that 's just foolish -RRB- , people who enjoy sports or exercise ... heck he 's against leaving your house or caring about the rest of the world . I understand the idea behind the Busy Backson rant , but is there no middle ground at all?The idea of the Indian American culture being superior to that of the almighty Puritans is used as an example , which could be built upon in several interesting ways , but instead the author chooses to illustrate how everything that came after was just silliness without supplying a single idea about how it could be done better ... yet useful.At one point he actually uses the example of -LRB- paraphrasing here -RRB- turning on the T.V. news to hear '' ` Thirty thousand people were killed today when five jumbo airliners collided over downtown Lose Angeles '' * click * Stop worrying about everything and go about life . Listen to the birds chirp , they will tell you more about the world . '' -- wait , we should n't care about thirty thousand humans being killed in a horrific accident?I am in no way an expert on Taoism , but unless everyone who IS finds that idea posing as a representation of their philosophy to be offensive , I want nothing to do with it . It is n't enlightened to go around hating everything while doing nothing . And I 'm sure the author realizes this since he spends so much time writing best = selling books .
 I found the book to be very entertaining at the start , but it got old and it is n't even a very big book . Muddled thinking leads to muddled conclusions . For example
 The concept is nifty , but , alas , in the implementation , this book seems only able to exalt the Tao by denigrating other paths of wisdom . It ridicules science and insults religion . The `` real '' Tao is a balance , but this book , for all its well-meaning , falls from that balance into the `` my way is the only way '' fallacy .
 Somebody has to bash this book and I guess it 's going to be me . Now get this straight before I saw anything
 I was searching for a basic introduction to Tao , and being a Pooh lover from way back thought that this would be a good place to start . While I learned some of what I was searching for - the focus on nature and simplicity - there was a recurring tone of negativity that bothered me to the point that I could n't enjoy the book . What troubled me is this
 I 've been through this book a few times now . I admit that Pooh seems a good Taoist , if I remember my theology classes right . I will also go so far as to say that the book amuses from time to time . Where the book falls short in my opinion is the narrator 's tone.Mr . Hoff 's contrasts between Taoist and Judeo-Christian approaches to life invariably give the air of self-satisfaction one so often finds in Western converts to Eastern religion . It is this pall of smug -LRB- apologies to Trey Parker and Matt Stone -RRB- that makes the book progressively more annoying as the pages turn.I 'd give it 3 or 4 stars for accuracy and explanation , were it not for the tone .
 Benjamin Hoff creatively explains the principles of Taoism through Winnie-the-Pooh and his friends Eeyore , Piglet , Rabbit , Owl , and Christopher . By showing how the others fret , analyze and calculate , Hoff effectively shows that Pooh is a Taoist because he just is .
 Not since `` Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man '' have I labored so much to get through a book . I finally quit at page 35 , unable to go on . A complete non-sequitur , stream of consciousness mess , best describes this book . Why this publication came so highly acclaimed I will never know . Do yourself a favor ... if you feel inclined to give it a read , go to your local library . The paper and ink has already been wasted , do n't waste your money too . A better title would be , `` The Tao of Poop '' .
 I just tried to add this to my Kindle library and it is not available . Is it just me or does this miss the whole idea of the book ? I have a paperback copy that I have loaned to MANY friends and will continue to do so . I just wanted an e-version for my Kindle . Shame on you !!!!
 Telling us how great your philosophy is ? Awesome.Telling us how terrible other ways are ? A bit heavy-handed , mayhaps .
 This must be the first time I 've given a book a rating of one star , but this one REALLY deserves it . I am sickened by the thought that people might read it and think this actually has anything to do with Taoism.After reading this book , one concludes that Taoism means being intolerant , looking down on other people and other ways of living , and judging people . Which , of course , is about as far from Taoism as one can get . Benjamin Hoff writes about what happens when you try to fit round pegs in square holes , yet this is exactly what HE does . He does n't accept Eeyore , Piglet , Rabbit , Tigger and Owl as they are , instead he describes Owl as ` the dried-up Western descendant of the Confucianist Dedicated Scholar ' -LRB- not the only place in the book where he bashes Confucius and his followers -RRB- and ` one who studies Knowledge for the sake of Knowledge , and who keeps what he learns to himself or to his own small group , writing pompous and pretentious papers that no one else can understand , rather than working for the Enlightenment of others ' . Sounds like accepting everyone as they are , does n't it?I wanted to give this book two stars - for being another reason to re-read ` Winnie-the-Pooh ' and for the few popular quotations of Eastern thinkers . However , the author 's attempts to write in the simple , yet brilliant style of Milne and failing miserably really is the last straw.Therefore , instead of reading about ` Nearsighted Science ' etc. , just go and re-read ` Winnie-the-Pooh ' . You 'll understand Taoism a hundred times better by doing that -LRB- or doing nothing special at all -RRB- than by reading ` The Tao Of Pooh ' .
 The Tao of Pooh by Benjamin Hoff is undoubtedly an interesting and alluring book with its method of introducing an Eastern sect of philosophy in a way that even children could understand the authors supposed ingenious way of incorporating the lovable childhood characters of A.A. Milne
 Here 's an idea
 The Tao of Pooh is a book comparing the ways of Pooh and his friends to Taoism . The author , Benjamin Hoff , tells this story with three differnent views . It holds stories of Taoism ways , excerpts from Pooh stories by A.A. Milne and him sitting and talking to Pooh himself.My favorite parts of this book were any that included the original Pooh stories . I felt I was able to get closer to the characters . I also liked when I was able to piece together how the ways of Tao and Pooh fit . One more thing I liked was the fact that this book made me think about things in a differnt perspective.Unless you 'd like to get a headache I would n't recommened this book to you . The game of toss between the stories will boggle your brain . It goes from classic A.A. Milne stories to Taoist lengends to the author talking with Pooh himself . If you want to learn a thing about Taoism compared to the lovable Winnie the Pooh you should read it . Overall though I would stay away from this book if possible , you might regret it .
 Leave it to a Westerner to dumb-down Daoism . It can happen in the East without our help.This is a cute book and could have been a fun read if I did n't understand philosophical Daoism.Let me say that I 'm glad that folks love Winnie and company . I do too . I think the characters are great but Daoism does n't describe them or their lot.The problem with oversimplification is that it ignores and perhaps disparages , deeper values to be realized.Modern Western process philosophy has been coming around to the value of Daoism 's ontology and metaphysics for years now , and to reduce these values to Winnie the Pooh is not helpful.I apologize if this offends anybody but just as we tend to make God and/or Jesus sound too much like Santa Claus , the referents are so much more than our fundamentalist beliefs of them .
 The Tao of Pooh brought out many emotions from me . Most of them were argumentative and the rest were indifferent . What made me mad was that the author was too idealistic . He mentions something like we should just let things happen and they will get done . Well in my American society , things do n't just happen by them selves and things do n't just fall into place . It takes a lot of work to make things work and more work to make things work right . In addition , this book is very one sided . It would have been more effective if Benjamin Hoff found some way to relate Poohs Tao way of life to that of another animated character that follows , Confucianism , and/or Buddhism.Targeted Readers
 Please , please buy ` The Way of Zen ' by Allan Watts and ` The House at Pooh Corner ' by A.A. Milne , rather than this book . Hoff does great injustice to both Zen and Pooh in this trivialization of the artless and the sublime . Only the kind of people who think a five-star haut cuisine meal is a rip-off because you could get more at McDonald 's for the same money could possible think this a good book . Zen is not explicable -LRB- see Watts ' book -RRB- and Milne -LRB- re
 Apparently , Taoism is about lazy , bitter Westerners superficially embracing Eastern mysticism in order to boost their own egos - and then cashing in on a beloved childhood icon to make a quick buck.Hoff does a reasonable job of using actual quotations from Pooh to illustrate various simple points , but his depiction of Taoism ends up being a collection of empty mantras that have no relationship to real life , where people frequently have both aspirations and problems . Do you want to work towards a career where you can make a difference for people ? Hoff 's answer is `` do n't strive - just be '' . Upset about global inequality and mass starvation ? `` Cottlestone Pie '' . Hoff blatantly misreads Pooh to tell us that knowledge and science bring nothing but trouble - as he puts it , discovering things only leads to more questions , so what 's the point ? He even rants against jogging and tennis . Better to remain ignorant and immobile - although complaining bitterly seems to be an acceptable activity .
 I do n't know if it 's a flaw in Taoism or in Hoff 's logic , but he preaches the importance of appreciating things as they are and not struggling against them , while ignoring the fact that the nature of humanity is to change things . Humans struggle to become -LRB- or at least appear -RRB- other than what they are , and this involves changing the self and the things around oneself . Hoff foolishly ignores this and reduces humanity to the level of fish that are trying in vain to whistle .
 While I 'll concede that this book gives a nifty introduction to the tenets of Taoism by means of the extended Pooh analogy , the manner in which the author achieves this is downright dogmatic . You ca n't read a full page without him openly denouncing other belief systems , and his overly contemptuous attitude towards intellectualism is alarming . He portrays anybody who values the beauty of complexity or academics as a close-minded , arrogant bookworm , and grossly misrepresents the followers of various religions/faiths . Hoff definitely borders on the fanatical here , using far-reaching comparisons to make his offensive points , many of which do n't even align with the true characteristics of Taoism . Jumping to conclusions and articulating uneducated descriptions regarding many aspects of contemporary culture and scholarship , I 'm certain that Hoff has Lao Tzu turning over in his grave at his downright hateful quasi-environmentalist commentary . Do n't waste your time with this book .
 To see the behavior and mindset of Winnie the Pooh as representative of the Great Way is one thing ; `` just as he is , '' as one might say , even though as a fictional character Pooh is a secondary representation of sentient being-in-reality . That is to say , he exists only in our imagination as a construction of language but does not exist in the real world . He is an illusion ; yet he can serve as an imagined role model of sentience , perhaps even of enlightenment if we choose to dream him as such.But one should not confuse unenlightened ignorance with the sentience of non-duality no matter how childlike Pooh appears in his textual innocence . In fact , the very comparison jumps the track from The Tao into the trap of duality just as we all do here . I suppose we can excuse Benjamin Hoff as being `` a finger pointing at the moon '' despite that this allegorical attempt never gets the honey jar off its nose.In the initial chapters , Hoff 's treatment of science lacks a clear understanding of how capable many scientists are of simply observing natural phenomena , sometimes even in a Taoist or Zen Buddhist way . Einstein even described Buddhism , related to Taoism , as the perfect way of the scientist . Hoff was in his early 30s when he wrote this book and I wonder what he would say about science now that he is in his 50s with more maturity and skilled practice in the true art of living simply and `` polishing the mirror '' of his mind . In fact , any cognitive therapist or self-explored practitioner of meditation , whether Taoist or otherwise , can easily recognize the fallacies of `` gross generalization '' and `` minimization '' that he dualistically applies while erroneously committing science to the pejorative categories he falsely constructs somewhere in his own fogged mirror . As a practitioner of Zen , I found this ironic -- that he criticized science and scientists alike -- in fact he seemed to criticize all scholars and/or `` thinkers '' -- for being uselessly enthralled to their own narrowly labeled `` categories '' when in fact he was committing the very same egregiously unenlightened thinking errors with his own projected , biased , dualistic and overly simplistic categories.This is not to say that the scientist never misses the forest for the trees -- which seemed to be his point . But in making it , he appeared in denial of the trees while condescendingly instructing the learned on the forest -- a mistake made by many a novice in the art of becoming effectively and truely aware.At first I suspected he , like so many others , was unwittingly revealing himself a phony -- a tree trimmer by trade who seemed unconsciously jealous of scientists for their degrees , `` knowledge '' and learning . Certainly Emanuel Kant would be laughing his ass off . Of Kant 's five recognized epistemological methods for knowing truth -- Tenacity , Authority , Experience , Reason and Science -- the young Benjamin Hoff seems to have fallen into the traps of the lower levels of `` knowing '' -- Tenacity , Authority and -LRB- unfortunately , unenlightened -RRB- Experience -- without recognizing that each of the five should be integrated , each supporting the others , and used as * tools * in coming to `` Right Thinking '' in the Great Universal `` Way . `` Poor Pooh ! He is mistaken for one of the Holy Ones , a person of compassion and wisdom , a sentient being given to countless ways of loving kindness , a Bodhisattva , when in fact , if Pooh were real , he is being exploited and abused in the allegory crammed cerebral cortex of Been-Jamin ' Hoff in Taoist drag.This book is for beginners written by a beginner . Watch out for traps ! Old Lao-tzu should have slapped this student with his staff right into the river alongside Eyore ... `` just as he is . ''
 I actually thought this was going to be a good book , but came away feeling depressed at how pitiful an attempt this was to describe an eastern philosophy . No doubt , the book has sold purely on its hook of having the famous little bear , Pooh , on it 's cover . Nevertheless , the only handful of passages that made the whole endeavor worthwhile in this little waste of time came from other passages taken out of REAL books such as Tae Te Ching . Otherwise , the author here is one of those hippie types who , by his own admission , likes to lay about on the floor . Must be nice while the rest of us go to work to earn money to buy cute little books with Winnie the Pooh on the cover.Whatever .
 The author of this book mentions early that it would be very hard to combine the teachings of the Tao with Winnie the Pooh . He said that his colleges said it was crazy and too dificult . Well , it was . Winnie the Pooh plays no role in this book besides mentioning several times how much honey he likes . So the author continues to explain the signifance of Tao and in between injects a pooh who is looking for honey or has some irrelevant conversation with Piglet . In conclusion , if you want to find out about Taoism , do n't read this book .
 The one message I got from this book was , basically , `` anyone can be a taoist if they 're stupid '' , a message which would grate on the nerves of many intelligent people studying Taoism - and any other philosophical/religous movements . The author seems to take pride in stating - through the character of Pooh - `` I am not very clever , ergo I 'm a lot closer to the uncarved block than you are '' . Spare us ! There 's a difference between `` not being interested in knowledge '' and `` being stupid '' . This book appears not to know the difference.For someone who knows nothing of Taoism , there may be some interesting thoughts in here , but I fear it may leave them with the impression that the only prerequisite for being a taoist is being fick .
 I will echo some other sentiments that at first this book was quite entertaining , and I blazed a trail through the first 50 pages . Then , I put the book down . This book basically is a walking hypocrisy . Let me give some examples : The author calls science meaningless by implying it brings no `` real '' understanding to the world and that technical terms are invented to hide our lack of `` real '' knowledge . Yet , if you were to visit the author 's website , then you 'd see an entire section dedicated to his love of high-performance automobiles . He freely uses terms like engineered along with technical jargon that I doubt he understand completely to describe his passion . A little hypocritical to write a book bashing people who are scholars only to have a passion for automobile technology , do n't you think ? To bash people for not understanding every single detail and saying that studies using an electron microscope will get us nowhere when you have a love for objects created by intense research in materials science ? Where does he think technology comes from ? A little materialistic , too , no?Second , it 's bizarre to me that he bashes science for having technical terminology and `` Abstract Philosophers '' for '' ... coming up with meaningless answers , '' when his solution is to `` recognize Inner Nature '' and work with `` Things as They Are '' . Talk about painting with broad brushstrokes . It reminds me of Deepak Chopra saying , `` Consciousness is a superposition of states . '' I know what each of those words is supposed to mean , but together it 's a bunch of gobblety-gook . Hoff is essentially saying
 I was not happy with my order , my boyfriend took the package out of the mailbox and it seemed fine until he opened it and about 50 ants came out of the package ! The ants were sealed inside and were starting to eat the book .
 When I was at school , we were made to read a book called `` The Dark is Rising '' . I thought that was the worst book I 'd ever read , and it held it 's title for a long time -LRB- I 'm 27 now -RRB- - but compared to the Tao of Pooh it shines like a glimmering beacon of success in the puss filled mire of Hoff 's seemingly limitless inadequacy as a writer.Unfortunately , Amazon.com wo n't allow me to put less than one star , but given the choice I 'd rate this book in minus figures.What I 'm going to suggest though , is that if you are an intelligent person , please do read this book so that you may contribute along with me in diminishing the completely unjustified acclaim it holds.At the end of this book , I understand very little about Taoism , as I would hope that it is vastly more interesting and holds less prejudice and small-mindedness as Hoff suggests . If anything , the book is far more representational of facist and racist views . To suggest that knowledgeable people , or people who strive to gain knowledge are stupid in their quest , is quite frankly ludicrous.The book is basically saying , if you 're thick and stupid and have limited room for thought , if you only look for simple things because you 're too incompetent to strive to achieve , then you 'll be happy . Sorry , not convinced . Are there people who agree with me here , or am I unique , -LSB- ... -RSB- - thanks !
 Hurrah for Western Civilization , the predominant culture-set on the planet!Benjamin Hoff allows his Neo-Luddite hate speech to infiltrate his otherwise half-witted diatribe against academia , work , and progress . -LRB- How is it that most `` progressives '' I 've met feel a need to romanticize about a * past * that never existed ? -RRB- While saying that conservatives , scholars , and people who * do * rather than pontificate , are WRONG , this joker talks about the gentle Chinese and all their contributions to society.How can one , logically , bemoan the fate of Tibet while praising the Chinese for their cultural sensitivity ? How can one , logically , complain about the ecology in the US in contrast to China -LRB- Maybe Chinese industrial waste is just culturally superior to ours ? -RRB- . We have protesters here in the US . We just do n't run them over with military hardware . Those culturally sensitive Chinese are just GREAT!This is not to say that the Chinese are bad . How can a civilization that brought us Kung Pao Chicken be all * that * bad ? Let us , however , be fair . Eastern Civilizations have been every bit as cruel as Western ones . Hoff would do well to learn that , worldwide , people have been miserable t@rds to each other for ages . He complains about a culture that allows dissent ; I suspect that this disdain stays with him all the way to the bank . If he were to be critical * of * China * in * China , he may well find that his royalty checks would be found under `` Contraband Property '' and that * he * would be found under a tank.If you want to find out about Taoism read a book on Taoism . If you want to read frantic rants about Western culture , Hoff 's books may be for you .
 Winnie the Pooh is too stupid to be stressed out . He is obviously fry-brained from doing massive quantities of drugs in the 60 's , which the author neglects to mention . So if you want to be like Pooh , smoke up . Then you wo n't care about anything and will be content with doing nothing all day except smoking pot and eating honey .
 My religion professor assigned this book as an introduction to Daoism , but I doubt that I ever would have read it in its entirety if I was reading it outside of a class . I could n't stand the author 's polemic against aspects of modern society such as science and other things that improve our lives . The author even criticizes books and the people who read them ... which should have been my cue to throw this book in the trash.I could make any literary or pop culture icon appear to represent an ideology if I put words in its mouth , like Hoff does for Pooh .
 The Tao of Pooh is , I believe , an attempt at presenting the philosophy of Taoism in an entertaining and cute way using the familiar , and entertaining-in-themselves , characters of Winnie the Pooh . However , I think that if you would like to learn about Taoism , you 'd be better off reading a blurb off of a website . As for using the Winnie the Pooh characters to emphasize , illustrate and entertain , well , it just did n't work . In Hoff 's `` take '' on Taoism , he tactlessly insults and irritates the average person living in Western Civilization who has any goals or aspirations in life . There are some very nice beliefs in Taoism , such as the development of divine virtues -LRB- which is not , of course , unique to Taoism but is shared by almost all religions -RRB- , such as compassion and caring . However , being an ancient philosophy , many of the concepts and ideas have outdated themselves for today 's society . Even so , it is difficult to fully appreciate the peacefulness and simplicity of this philosophy with so many jabs thrown by Hoff along the way . Poor Pooh !
 The contempt the author repeatedly expressed for both science and education made this book inappropriate for my young boys , ages 4 and 6 . The author used the cute characters to mask his contempt for many of the things I value in my life , and you perhaps value in yours.I read this book at night to my 4 and 6 year olds . My four year old had chosen to read The Book of Pooh four times in a row . I had used his interest in Pooh to help him learn other things , like math and drawing . I saw this book as a way to introduce some big philosophical concepts.This may very well be an introduction to Tao , I do n't know . If `` The Way '' means basically `` To Criticize '' then this is it . The author 's point seems to be `` Be Like Pooh . '' The problem is , he can not do it himself . If the author acted more like Pooh , his book would not be so objectionable to my children . Can you imagine Pooh criticizing at all?When the author started talking about science as pointless and silly , my 6 year old -LRB- who was sitting in -RRB- asked what was wrong with science ? He wants to be a scientist . And when the author went on on a tirade about academics and school and even -LRB- ironically -RRB- books , I was shocked . My boys are both in classes of some sort , and they do n't know what to do with the author 's low opinion of school.There were many of these gems of knowledge . One other one I remember is that exercise is worthless . Better he says to just lay on the grass . No kidding . My kids are very active -LRB- as is Pooh -RRB- and I hope they are active their whole lives . The advice in this book is questionable at best , and totally inappropriate for children . If you are an adult , have failed at school , and sit on a couch all day , then this book will provide you with a justification.The author is a Talk Radio DJ , in the disguise as a mystic , putting on a puppet show starring Pooh . He hijacks a childhood hero to vent his frustration at a failed college career . Underneath his `` be simple , like Pooh '' message is a great deal of anger and frustration that bubble to the surface in ill-chosen exaggerations about `` narrow minded science '' and `` irrelevant academia '' and joggers . Did he not get tenure at Cal Tech , or something ? While he derides science as pointless study , one wonders if he drives a car , takes medicine , prints his books on printing presses , travels by some other means than his feet , in short ... does he benefit from science ? If so , the word `` hypocrite '' springs to mind.We never finished the book . My four year old , who is FAR more Pooh-like than the author , simply knew that something was n't right , and would actually pick another book and read it silently while I read this book aloud . He had never done that before , or since , and it was his Pooh way of telling me that this guy was n't appropriate . So when my six year old asked , `` How can he be against books - when he wrote one ? '' we stopped . The boy had a point . Any author of a book who derides authors and readers of books for being too academic is clearly a fool.The author does not have the inner peace and sense of fun and play that Pooh possesses . Instead , he parades these cute characters about and -LRB- from time to time -RRB- sneers hate-filled generalizations about things he chooses not to respect . I hear his second book is the same , but worse . If that is `` The Way '' then count me out .
 Surprisingly wordy given the topic . Cute drawings though and I like the idea of it more than the book . Maybe reading the originals with the same light might be more interesting .
 I would have been more interested in a high-schooler 's ten-page thesis on the subject .
 Yes , it was a bit of a romance , but I 'm glad I did n't pay any money for it . Too much like a soap opera for my taste .
 Boring and incredibly pedantic . Thank goodness authors do n't write like that today . Yet Hope was a very successful and appreciated writer in his time , Styles change over the years of course andso do the tastes of the reading public , This book is a good example ,
 I just read this book but skipped a lot of it . It 's very basic and does n't get into depth on any one subject . It covers customer targeting , marketing , basic HTML , basic search engine info , etc. . If you know nothing about web sites and nothing about business , it might be worth checking it out at the library but I would n't pay for the book . Just when you get some information on a subject , the author moves on to something else . A book with a wide scope should be much longer than this so it can flesh out some of the details .
 If you enjoyed `` Palace Walk , '' and even `` Palace of Desire , '' you will have to agree that this book is disapointing . It is shorter than the others -LRB- notably so -RRB- and with far less to say . The family falls into such a decline in this story as to lack believability . Mahfouz 's treatment of one of his characters -- Aisha -- the youngest daughter of the family and considered very beautiful -- is unbelievably harsh . Happily for us , it is nearly impossible for a real life person to have a life as tragic as Aisha 's . Her tragedy makes absolutely no sense and ruins the book for me , making me wonder whether Mahfouz might be some sort of mysogynist . No one else has a really great life to contrast either . My advice
 the story portraits the husband as a god and the wife is his forever subsevient wife . Boring .
 This book was little more than a hundred and one quick ideas , very lazily written . I 'd be surprised if it took the author more than one afternoon to put together . Some of the stratagies were one sentence long . 98 % were repeats of things written in almost every other book on auditioning with no personal viewpoint or explanation to even say the same old things in a different way . Not worth much , unless you are so brand new in the business you do n't even know where the lens is on a camera .
 I loved the first book ... Chase was so kind and loving and sexy -- and here comes Mason ... with more than enough problems and was never nice just to be nice . I think he had too many problems ... either make him a drinker or make him damaged from his divorce but the fact that he had both was a downer ... which made Ellie even more a downer ... she should have been stronger , and more deserving of a better guy -- just cause she is the heavy sister means she has to learn to deal with someone elses issues because shes got her own . I was annoyed . Wanted to like it ... but didnt.Im hoping story 3 is better !
 I was pleasantly surprised by the first book which , despite being somewhat formulaic and predictable , kept my attention the entire time . This one , however , did not.The main problem for me were the two leads , whom I found almost too incompatible . I never really understood why they were in love and did n't feel like I was on the journey with them , but rather like it was being forced down my throat . Although I liked Ellie , the heroine , I found her way too naive , making some of her comments and some moments between the two unrealistic . Halfway through the book , I was ready for it to end and only kept reading because I 'd already downloaded it on my kindle and did n't have anything better to do .
 This is the story of Elli , an overweight librarian who lives in a small town in Main , called Middlebrook . Later in life she comes across her old high school crush Mason who is now the mayor and also has a drinking problem . Mason tells Ellie that he 'll help her with some issues regarding the library , if she has sex with him.Hello , is n't that a major case of sexual harassment by a politician?Did anyone else just thought that was funny , or what ? Wow ... Anyhow she agrees and they start having an affair , about a month later she finds out she is pregnant , Masons alcohol problem seems to magically disappear , they get married and he wins the next election as a mayor.This must be the most shallow , dullest , and unrealistic story I 've ever read !
 I have n't read the first book , but I was looking forward to reading this because of the reviews . The story itself was fun , although somewhat predictable . Then again , it 's supposed to be just a light romantic novel which makes it a fun read . My problem is the number of typos all over the ebook version that I would , at times , read the same paragraph twice just to make sure because they certainly were throwing me off and the entire flow of the story . I wish publishers would pay as much attention to editing e-book versions as they would regular published versions .
 Interesting to read a book written so long ago , but do not follow everything it states as correct . It comment of drink distilled water may have been ok many years back but not today . Read the world health comments.The eating of raw vegetables is great
 Not received so nothing to review !!!!!! What a joke - I am in desperate need of this for my Mothers cancer diagnosis - just one BIG disappointment . Not the only book order by the way - a total of 5 costing me 178.00 @ & to date NOTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you 're looking for a serious reading about the history of food then this book is not for you . It lacks sources , there are neither footnotes nor a bibliography at the end so one can only guess where does he get his info from . This is particularly troubling when one finds bold assertions such as when the author states that there was no hunger among the Aztecs and the Incas before Columbus -LRB- Chapter 7 -RRB- . The second major problems is that there 's no serious effort at an in-depth analysis of what food represents in human society , the writer consistently prefers to tell amusing stories rather than engage in serious scientific enquiry . IMHO you 'd be better off buying something else , for instanceFood and Love
 The title should have been Tim Buckley Remembered ; Or I Got a Lot Of Pussy in The 60 's and You Did n't ... Mr. Underwood 's tale of Tim Buckley 's rise and fall is pretty good ; however , his cheap shots at Larry Beckett take away from his tome . There is a whiff of `` I was a genius and helped create Tim Buckley '' sprinkled throughout the book . Frankly , Mr. Underwood was a very hit-or-miss guitarist . Sometimes good , sometimes great -LRB- mostly in a live setting -RRB- and sometimes horrible . As to his `` inventing '' certain guitar techniques , I think his ego may have got the best of him . I will give him this though ; Tim Buckley is one of music 's most fascinating `` shoulda-beens '' . Some of the music that he wrote stands up with any of his 60 's contemporaries and a large chunk of it is better . I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to investigate Buckley 's music/story ; however , a grain of salt should be taken when reading it ...
 BLUE MELODY is a biography of musician Tim Buckley by his long-time lead guitarist Lee Underwood , who worked with Buckley from before this recording of his first album in 1966 to his tragic death in 1975 . Underwood not only knew Buckley intimately and can share many stories of his life , but he also appreciated him selflessly and at times the book approaches hagiography.While the strongest part of Underwood 's biography is Buckley 's folk period , up until around 1969 , I was happy to see him dedicate a great deal of space to the era of STARSAILOR , which Buckley -- as well as many fans -- considered his masterpiece . Underwood discusses the impact of the album on the music world and concert-goers , and speaks about the musical innovations of that superlative album . The work is divided into two sections , in which the first -- the bulk of the book -- charts Buckley 's life , and the second recounts the circumstances of his death and lasting impact.This book has a lot of problems . For one , it appears to be a vanity-press offering with little professional editing . Underwood 's writing is cliched and repetitious , with the same handful of positive adjectives -LRB- `` beautiful '' , `` sensitive '' , `` immaculate '' -RRB- used to describe every person he liked . His biggest failing , however , is that he often gets so lost in his memories that Tim Buckley is left beside and the reader wades through Underwood 's fond recollections of his own personal life , with all its drug use and illicit road sex.The last chapter of the book concerns Jeff Buckley , and Underwood swings between lightly praising him and harshly criticizing him as an unappreciative son and a man of limited talent and even more limited acheivement . I found this last section incoherent and quite unfair , for there are many people who are fans of both Tim and Jeff without feeling that the father 's career was betrayed by the son 's . BLUE MELODY is a poorly-written and edited recollection that is only for diehard fans of Tim Buckley . I would encourage those looking to know something about the all-too-brief life of this great artist to turn to David Browne 's biography of Tim and Jeff DREAM BROTHER .
 Are you a True `` Tim Buckley '' enthusiast ? Then , Ponder these questions
 There must have been a time warp of about fifty years between North Devon and the rest of the UK if this book is to be believed . The protagonist , Samuel , behaves more like one the characters in a John Buchan novel or from Swallows and Amazons . As I read it I kept going back to the copyright page to check if it really had been written in 1974 and not 1924 ; which is how it felt . But it did renew my curiosity about birds of prey which had laid dormant since I saw the movie ` Kes ' , released in 1969 and much more in synch . with the times than this book .
 Victor Canning 's `` The Painted Tent '' is a so-so mystery story . Not much of a plot and the characters , although likeable , are strictly cardboard -LRB- some of them seem to a have strayed out of a Charles Dickens novel -RRB- . It seems as if a quarter of the book is a diversion into the lifestyle of peregrine falcons . More about falcons than I ever wanted to know . In any case if you want to read about falcons , try the short story `` Hook '' -LRB- ca n't remember the author -RRB- ; it 's better.As I was reading , I felt a odd sense of familiarity . Finally I caught on that the `` The Painted Tent '' reminds me of many of the scores of `` juvenile '' or `` young adult '' books I devoured in my early teens -- teenage protagonist , plodding mediocore plot , simplified characters , educational asides -LRB- the falcons -RRB- , morality lessons , etc. .
 I bought this book because I knew the people written about in the 1st story , `` The Vengeful Heart '' I expected to find an indepth accounting of what happened , with some more background information . Instead it is exactly what is already on the internet , nothing new . The other stories are just reprints from other books , most of these crimes are n't even solved . What a waste of my time and money .
 This book is all over the place , now , then , what if , how do you feel , alignment of the stars , ... I actually thought this was going to be a historical account of Bents Fort with perhaps a new angle.Seems , the angle is way to steep for me . Stay away from this book at all costs ... I should have read the reviews myself ...
 As an aficionado of Colorado history , I was very disappointed by this book . Do not assume that it is a conventional history of Bent 's Fort , an extremely important outpost at the frontier of Manifest Destiny . It is instead a confusing and wandering psychoanalysis which purports to examine the importance of ritual . What a bore . I rarely take the time to write a bad review ; but in this case it is important to warn any well meaning historian that this weak piece is not what it pretends to be .
 I thought I would be getting an interesting , insightful assessment of personality basics and I found it to be something out of early 20th century academics . Too much like a textbook . Or perhaps it is ?
 I 'm also in the minority of readers who found this book not good . I do n't have Alzheimer 's but I was interested in reading the book as my father dealt with dementia in the last few years of his life . The author prefaces his book by stating that he has three narrative threads -- the clinical commentary , his memories , and his present day -- but the pacing and weaving of the three threads is average at best . I guess this is what the mind of a demented person is supposed to be like but from the perspective of a non-demented reader , I did n't think it made for good reading .
 I 'm in the minority ... I was disappointed in this book . It feels almost cruel to write a negative review because the author is admirably open and sincere , and his suffering is profound . But he seems to suffer from untreated depression as well as from Alzheimers . His unremitting anger and despair make his experiences -LRB- and ours as readers -RRB- even sadder than they need to be . I kept wishing he would take the energy he was using to write the book and put it into being more open with his family , or finding a therapist or a hospice-type program that would provide him and his family with ongoing support . Altogether a sad and moving book , but also a frustrating one .
 I do not wish to minimize the true suffering of this author who offers a firsthand account of living with Alzheimer 's disease . However , I dare say that he does not represent the views of most people with Alzheimer 's disease . Throughout the book , he paints the darkest possible picture of the disease and offers virtually no hope to people with the disease or those families and friends who provide care . Is there not more to life than memory and thinking ? A few others who have written firsthand accounts of Alzheimer 's and many others who have spoken about living with it have discovered YES ! Although the author mentions his social circle including his wife and son , it 's almost in passing . He characterizes his experience as a terrible and lonely hell . Must it be this private and sad agony at every moment of every day as he suggests ?? It would be interesting to hear the views of his family and friends as they struggle to come to terms with brain impairments and his dismal view of the world . Unfortunately , the author offers little insight into his social resources and it seems clear that his internal resources are nearly depeleted . If you risk reading this book , take a Prozac tablet first . I wish the author would do the same to help him live his life to the fullest . I see nothing positive in this depressing story .
 I agree with a couple of the other reviewers in that it is hard to condemn this book since the author has an incurable disease . However , I find his endless harping on his mental condition and just how black everything is to take away from the other excellent material in the book - quotes from various other sources about the disease and its ramifications.He implies that this is the worst disease anyone could ever get . I think of Parkinson 's -LRB- and Michael J. Fox -RRB- , being paralyzed -LRB- and Christopher Reeve -RRB- , muscular dystrophy and MS - and how all of those worsen over time . I also think about acceptance and taking action as the two people mentioned above have done . The action I see this author taking is to constantly dwell on his own decline . This is not a book I can recommend to others with the same affliction unless you can use it as a springboard to act in a different manner .
 It 's a bad idea to create a character-driven sci-fi when your characters are this annoying . The majority of Children of the Mind consists of inane dialogue between characters that are impossible to care about . The characters are so one-dimensional and predictable that you already know what they 'll say before they say it . Peter says nothing except smart alecky remarks , Val spends the whole book whining loudly about not being a real person , Novinha is as crazy and hard-headed as she 's been for the last two books , and Ender spouts off a bunch of trite , up-with-people garbage every chance he gets . Somehow , Card even managed to make Jane more irritating than my ex-girlfriend during PMS . The only decent characters in this book are Miro and Wang Mu , and they are n't nearly enough to save the story.I admit it
 I have read all four books of the Ender series in rapid-fire succession . Let me qualify that -- I have completed the first three books in the series and I am almost finished with `` Children of the Mind '' . But because life is short and I have other things to read , I am not going to finish it . In `` Children of the Mind '' , Card loses control of his subject matter . There are too many subplots , too many weird happenings , and too little restraint in Card 's imagination for the story to be either coherent or reasonable . Even Fantasy writing must adhere to the disciplines of the craft . `` Ender 's Game '' was a disciplined effort marked by a lean prose style . `` Speaker for the Dead '' became denser in its presentation , but Card displayed generosity of spirit and compassion for wounded individuals and families . He touches upon some sensitive subjects -LRB- adultery , alcoholism , spousal abuse , and deception -RRB- that scar real families in real life . His treatment of religion is balanced and interesting and he resists the knee-jerk reaction of many contemporary writers to bash the Catholic Church . `` Speaker for the Dead '' is the high-point in the series . Things start to unravel a bit in `` Xenocide '' as Card attempts to weave multiple subplots -LRB- the ` piggies ' , the deadly descolada virus , the ` buggers ' , `` Jane '' , and the ` Godspoken ' of the planet Path -RCB- . Still , there are some real insights into the human heart here that are compelling and Card 's compassion for individuals is still central to the book . In `` Children of the Mind '' things get chaotic and , ultimately , very , very boring . Ender literally ` births ' children of the mind who are his real bother and sister as they were in their youth . He does this while traveling in the ` Outside ' . But are they really his brother and sister or are they really him ? Meanwhile ` Jane ' the sentient , omniscient being is really Ender too -- sort of . And the fate of piggies , the buggers , the descolada virus , the Planet Luistania , indeed the entire universe is in the balance . But we have a Polynesian holy man , a Chinese philosopher , and thinking trees who used to animals all working on the problem . Card has a real challenge to tie this all together . I appreciate his compassion , but he just went one book too far .
 `` Ender 's Game '' , like so many others who have written here , is my all-time fave sci-fi book . Obviously , most of us have caught up to the fact that Card was determined to `` right '' the capsized-ship of morality . Card was successful in this book , but his success came at the expense of our fave character Ender . I do n't agree that Ender 's childhood decisions based on self-preservation were selfish signs of cowardice . The constant chatter between the piggy trees and buggers was sorta irritating at the end . Personally , I would 've liked to see Ender return to earth with his family and swim in that lake he and val floated on way back when .
 This is an awful book and -LRB- luckily -RRB- the last in the Ender Quartet.Ender Wiggin plays almost no part in it at all , and instead his ` children ' are central . Ender is dying and because of a quantum-physics crap-fest nightmare with a super-computer named Jane -LRB- who has taken him ` In ' and ` Out ' of space time , allowing for faster than light travel -RRB- , his personality is split between three people.The story follows a plethora of characters , none of whom the reader has any reason to care about . They are all two dimensional and completely unbelievable . In the midst of interstellar warfare and dramatic tension , they leap constantly into long diatribes and dialogues whereby they psycho-analyze themselves , their traveling companions , Ender Wiggin , and the moral complications of the situations they have found themselves in . There is no subtlety . There is no action . There are only malformed characters and a convoluted plot that leaves you wishing all three species would be annihilated.Not recommended . Read ` Enders Game ' and stop there .
 I agree with what reviewer Webster says , and add the following.Ender 's Game is no doubt a classic sf novel , and one I enjoyed all over again 25 years after I first read it . The second and third novels follow logically , maintain the forward momentum of the plot , and increase the emotional depth.But Children of the Mind was a real disappointment . It reads as an afterthought , beginning with the fact that , unlike the books in the Ender `` trilogy '' , it assumes you 've read the first three -- and recently . Each of the other three could stand on its own ; this one ca n't . Also , it 's way too talky . Card seems here to have given up * showing * and just decided to * tell * everything he wanted to say.Finally , it seems to me this book breaks the golden rule of sf
 It seems almost like two different people wrote Ender 's Game and Children of the Mind . Ender 's Game was brilliant ... Children of the Mind was just dull , melodramatic , and overextended . Ender himself all but disappeared in this last book , even before literally crumbling to dust 2/3 of the way through the book . I could n't really buy into all of this one-Ender/three-bodies business , and the love interests of all the main characters seemed awfully forced . The `` looming '' Lusitania Fleet seemed like an afterthought as the characters launched into long winded philosophies on aiua and dealing with the three Enders . It 's almost like Card tried to make a large scale , Dune-type epic out of this series but changed course with this last book . The idea of aiua connecting us all together was interesting -LRB- very reminiscent of neo-Confucian ideas about the structure of the universe -RRB- , but it just was n't enough to carry the book.I think Card 's biggest mistake with the whole series was aging Ender so quickly and reducing his role to meaningless cameo appearances . The tragic young Ender of Ender 's Game -- the Ender that won our hearts and imaginations -- and the middle-aged Ender of the later books were like complete strangers . Maybe if the books had developed around Ender 's growth as a person and Card had allowed Ender himself a more active role the conclusion would 've been more satisfying . But sadly , by the end of the book , I just could n't bring myself to care anymore . Ender was dead , the characters were all dull and the wild plotlines just seemed to spiral out of control . I believe that development of characters and the depth of a book 's environment/setting is absolutely crucial and the difference between great science fiction and average material . Children of the Mind really is not that bad of a book . But coming from Card , knowing he can do better ... it was a disappointment.The good news is that after this book , the Ender 's series returns back to its roots , back to the time when Ender was in Battle School . While the next books in the series might not be as `` deep '' as this one , they are much more emotionally engaging . Regardless of how you felt about how the Speaker-Xenocide-Children trilogy ended up , if you liked Ender 's Game -LRB- hey , who did n't ? -RRB- continue on in this series .
 I never thought I would say this about a book in this series , but I hate this book . I was absolutely disappointed with the way Card chose to resolve his story . I 'll give him license since he may do what he will with his story , but I feel so bitter about this ending to such a magnificent saga that I ca n't recommend this to anybody that is n't dying of curiousity at the end of `` Xenocide '' . And to those who believe you fit in this category , I 'm sorry for the feelings you will like possess upon completion . I honestly feel the same unrest now as I did when I finished `` Xenocide '' . I hope everyday that Card will come to his senses and revise his plot here to be more logical , less rushed , more conclusive -LRB- which some may argue with -RRB- , and more fulfilling to a character of such quality as Ender Wiggin .
 I highly recommend NOT reading this book , which managed to diminish the magic of Ender 's Game for me . Stop at Xenocide , which was pretty good , and skip straight to Ender 's Shadow , which is VERY good . This book is exceedingly disjointed , makes way too much of the Valentine/Peter dichotomy , and is boring , boring , boring . Where I could n't put the other Ender books down , I had to really struggle to finish this one . And then wished I had n't .
 Card shows again that he has a unique talent for developing complex problems with answers that only cause other problems ... a situation more like real life than most novels . However , he shows this strength of his is almost a weakness here , as he seeks to find a final resolution to the Ender series.This one feels a little too metaphysical . This idea about the aiuas has taken over a good series . Most of the first half of the novel is Val and Peter struggling with being half-people ; struggling to find their identity , if they have one . Then it all becomes lovesick mush ; is this a romance novel ? Ender loves Novinha , Wang-mu loves Peter but will she be enough ? Miro loves Val and Jane , but does n't know if he can love them as one person . Yeesh.The final resolution is okay , but not quite satisfying , and though Xenocide was plenty long , this idea does n't feel like it justified a whole book . Card feels like he 's filling space a lot of the time . And trying to figure out how to end a series of strong books . It 's a tough challenge ; he almost rises to it.His afterword -- an essay about the function of literature within culture -- is worth reading and thinking about.And I have to say it again -- who came up with these book covers ? They have nothing to do with the book and look terrible . What is that thing?A sample passage : `` But the point is to go on , is n't it ? To connect with the future ? '' `` That 's one part , yes , '' said Olhado . `` But part of the purpose of it is now , is the moment . And part of it is the web of connections . Links from soul to soul . If the purpose of life was just to continue into the future , then none of it would have meaning , because it would be all anticipation and preparation . There 's fruition , Grego . There 's the happiness we 've already had . The happiness of each moment . The end of our lives , even if there 's no forward continuation , no progeny at all , the end of our lives does n't erase the beginning . `` If you would like to argue about this book with me , e-mail me at williekrischke@hotmail.com
 Strictly speaking , this book is really Xenocide , Part II . Xenocide ended fairly arbitrarily , and this book begins where Xenocide takes off.Having said that , this book slipped terribly in storyline , and I had a difficult time staying interested . It continues the themes of finding the origins of the descolada virus and if it 's possible to communicate with it , saving Jane 's life , and intercepting the fleet.Ender is barely a character in this story , and without trying to give too much away , he is more or less dispensed of halfway through the book . Again , credibility is stretched to the max as Peter and a young Valentine Wiggin are essentially reincarnated out of Ender 's memories , and they are large players in this story . You also have ugly characters spending all their time yelling at each other -LRB- exemplified by Quara and Miro , as well as the others in that dysfunctional family -RRB- . I do not mind that this story is not action based ; Speaker for the Dead is very philosophical , and is a strong story . Additionally , I read lots of other philosophical works . What I object to is the outright preaching , and a story that is so bizarre it does n't even make an attempt to be realistic , rather it 's a tool for OSC to subject us to his various beliefs.Ender 's Game and SFTD are both amazing books . However , the series goes down hill from there . I would recommend stopping at that point ; buy Xenocide and Children only if you can find them used or at a library . There 's too many other good books out there to read to waste your time on this diatribe .
 A subplot of this last book is that Ender , having overlived his usefulness , finds himself slowly wasting away into a bland , lifeless shadow of his once radiant self . A better analogy for this book there will never be.My first regrets about having bought Children came about page 25 , when I realised that the dialog up to that point had consistd entirely of whining and bickering . I wish I could find some redeeming quality to the last chapter in Ender 's life , but I ca n't . Rest in peace Ender Wiggin
 The Ender series was one of the best I 've read . This book was a big dissapointment . The characters were weak and the plot would n't challenge an eight year old 's imagination . If youplan on buying this book , do n't worry about the money you are wasting . Worry about the time you waste in reading it . ****** In terms of plot , I submit that It would have made sense if Jane 's auira was transferred to the D. VIRUS . That would have had more of a potential for a real plot and at the same time the d. virus problem would have been taken care of .
 The Ender Saga , which began with two of the greatest novelsin all of science fiction literature , wobbles to a close inthis anemic volume . As Mr. Card 's ego grows -LRB- read theembarrassing afterword in which he concludes that he is oneof the few great writers in America today -RRB- his writing withers.Perhaps he is spending too much time in his virtual `` town '' onAOL . Certainly the writing has the rushed , abbreviated toneof an e-mail post , and what he passes off as wit in this booksounds less like Wilde or Coward , and more like it came froma chat room .
 I loved book one . I loved book 2 even more . Book 3 was once again -- great . What happened ? This one started out slow and just got worse . I kept reading , expecting an improvement that just did not come . If you loved the first 3 , do yourself a favor and stop there . Try Pastwatch !
 Ok , I just started on this book ... but I noticed several ERRORS immediately !!!! FIRST
 Ender is such a strong and sensitive character that this finale book seems to do his saga little justice.The story picks-up exactly where `` Xenocide '' left off and finally gives readers a sense of resolution to the mystery of the descolada and the fate of Lusitania . However , `` Children of the Mind '' is a sorry part 2 to `` Xenocide . '' `` Xenocide '' was far superior and was much more interesting than this book . The sorry thing is that if you want to know what happens to Ender , Jane , Young Val and the others you have to read this book.The focus seems to be mostly on Wang-mu and Peter Wiggin which feels rushed and not nearly as well thought-out as the preceding books . There are also some sad -LRB- and fairly pathetic -RRB- moments with Ender that I found disappointing . Orson Scott Card also missed the boat on a lot of his facts and grossly misinterpreted many Polynesian words , Japanese customs , and American history . There is also no depth to the characters and it feels all too much like a Hollywood screenplay and less like a ground-breaking scifi story . The plot itself is much too cliche -LRB- right down to the fairy tale happy ending -RRB- . `` Children of the Mind '' offers nothing impressive or new to readers.The entire first half of this book had me wondering if this was even the same author I had learned to love . I found myself on several occassions wondering , `` who wrote this garbage ? '' The quality of this book 's story is much less than I would have expected from Card . After the first half , the story does improve slightly but it is only a whisper of my expectations . Sadly , I rate this book my least favorite of the entire Ender Saga .
 It 's sad to see the Ender saga fizzle away in ever-increasing complexities and meta-physics which are not substitutes for new concepts and plot directions . Sometimes when you have painted yourself into a corner it 's better to jump out a window and forget the little bit that is left to tidy up . I feel that it is at least two books -LRB- `` Children '' and `` Shadow '' -RRB- past the point that this series should have been left to stand on its undoubted early merit .
 I am what you call a hardcore die-hard fan of Card . I came across Ender 's Game when I was barely 12 and since then I 've read it over 50 times , memorizing it the way people memorize the Bible . Indeed , with the book in the drawer next to my bed , it became my holy book . The Speaker turned out to be different but in a very nice way . Interesting plot , wonderful characters , again something new and exciting . Xenocide disappointed me a bit on a general note but it 's still an OK book.Children of the Mind , however , is way too abstract . Do n't get me wrong , I do n't mind abstract fiction but it was way too hard for me to proceed all the concepts in the new book . I could call it - digressing - . Coming into existence of Young Val , Peter and eventually Jane was a little but too much.I asked myself why I did not like this book . Is it because Ender died ? Definitely not , I actually found that appealing in a way . Is it because it involves characters who should n't have been there in the first place ? Probably not . I think the bottomline is that I expected Ender and the rest of the known characters to end up in a completely different way . I could say that the story is taken a step too further from the place that I would have enjoyed to see it . The world of the Children of the Mind is not at all the world of Ender 's Game which I loved or even the world of the Speaker . It has grown far beyond that and it kind of felt like ... felt like an - alien - world , one I could n't associate myself with as a reader and as said above , a hardcore Ender fan.I found myself skipping and skipping passages and waiting to see what will happen rather than being interested in HOW that 's bound to happen . I still do n't regret getting the book because it 's a conclusion of the Ender saga , of the character , my hero for the last 12 years . Every story should have an end and I 'm glad that the Children was written and reached my hands .
 OK , I got over the fact that Ender had a cameo and then died . But I could n't get over the lack of good hard science -LRB- like Speaker for the Dead 's explanation of how piggies reproduced -RRB- . What in the world is an aiua , anyway ? Novinha had undergone a sorry change from the intriguing , pivotal character she used to be , and the new characters introduced were more blah than the Brady Bunch . Grace Drinker -LRB- could n't find a better last name ? -RRB- and her husband who laughs all the time were ludicrous . If there really was a Jane , she 'd be rolling over in her ansible network
 I was disappointed with this fourth -LRB- and presumably final -RRB- installment of the Ender saga . Indeed , this story is n't really about Ender at all but about the 2 Ender `` clones '' , Peter and Valentine . While this does not make this a bad novel , frankly , I was hoping that Card would have found a way to make the demise of Andrew Wiggen , one of the more interesting protagonists in science fiction , more memorable . Wiggen 's death is reduced to almost a footnote in this installment and I could never generate the same degree of interest in either Peter or the young Valentine
 A subplot of this last book is that Ender , having overlived his usefulness , finds himself slowly wasting away into a bland , lifeless shadow of his once radiant self . A better analogy for this book there will never be.My first regrets about having bought Children came about page 25 , when I realised that the dialog up to that point had consistd entirely of whining and bickering . I wish I could find some redeeming quality to the last chapter in Ender 's life , but I ca n't . Rest in peace Ender Wiggin
 I 'm a big fan of Card 's and think his Ender series is great , but Childred of the Mind just is n't very interesting . It 's rambling and lack just about everything that 's good in the other books in the series . The other books in the series are well told , full of imagery and interesting ideas and twists , and one develops empathy with his characters . His editors should have reminded Card of what makes him a good writer . Perhaps Card is starting to write above mortals like me , or perhaps he 's getting a bit weird on us . I 'd suggest skipping this book and trying something else he 's written
 I bought this book thinking that there would be a wonderfully insightful , charming story filled with 3Dimensional characters , and Card 's intriguing blend of science and fantasy . But no . -LRB- HEAVY SIGH -RRB- I loved Ender 's Game , Speaker and Xenocide but this book ... I do n't know where to start . The pseudo philosophy which was so long and drawn out did not consist of philopsphy per se , but a never ending string of whys and wherefores put forth in whiny voices . YUCKY . The characters were so incredibly white and flatbread - no shades of grey - they just tumbled out of the book and landed SPLAT in my mind . Children of the Mind was more of a bunch of half formed ramblings that came to a quick , insignificant , and ludicrous ending -LRB- re
 Characters - Who cares ? Plot - What plot ? Science - No , not really . This is by far one of Card 's weakest books , I guess he just felt he had to finish the series and Ender . Kind of Sad after the wonderful Ender 's Game and the Good Speaker for the Dead . Read `` Lovelock '' , it 's a wonderful book , stay away from this one !
 I ca n't tell you how dissapointed I was in this book . It was not what I have come to expect from Orson Scott Card . Many authors take a concept to the point where they just fill pages with words -LRB- i.e. Piers Anthony & his Xanth tales -RRB- , but I expected more from this author . I know Card is capable of better work Treason , and the entire Alvin Maker series are a testament to that , but this last book in the Ender Wiggins saga is not in the same class as his other works . My best advice is to ignore this book and enjoy the Ender Wiggins Trilogy
 Do n't bother reading this final book in the Ender series . I know , I know , the ending of Xenocide was a cliffhanger . However , you 'll be more disappointed if you read Children of the Mind than if you imagine your own ending . The answers to how the fleet sent to destroy Lusitania is stopped do not merit an entire book . Children of the Mind is long and boring . All of the characters of the previous books seem like ghosts ; they just fill the space . It is also very weird . Ender created young copies of Peter and Valentine , but they depend on him for life . Since they are n't their own people , they are not really Peter and Valentine at all , but Ender 's personality in new bodies . Ender does n't have the energy to keep three bodies going . The question of who will be discarded is a main focus of the book and is not satisfactorily dealt with . I found the whole idea rather stupid . Children of the Mind does not have the same feel as the other books . Almost no attention is given to alien species and several new principles are introduced that just do n't seem to belong in the Ender universe . I had read Xenocide a few years before I read Children of the Mind , and I was satisfied with the end of that book . The series has been going downhill , and this book is rock bottom . It took away from the series instead of adding to it . Card should have left the series alone .
 This is by far the weakest of the Ender series . It could easily be cut in half with the loss of absolutely nothing . It is verbose in the basest sense . The dialogue is repetitive in the sense of ideas . Why take one sentence when you can drone on for a whole chapter ? Card seems unable to simply be satisfied in making his point , or illustrating an idea . He just repeats the same ideas , the same concepts and the same one dimensional character personalities over , and over and over again . The conflicts are contrived and the solutions simplistic and predictable . Arrrggghh ! It took me over two weeks to wade through this book because it bored me so much!It is as if Card merged the WORST of Camus , Dostoevsky and Asmiov -- Unending descriptions of introspective character musings by simpletons obsessing about themselves in a futuristic setting .
 Ender 's Game is a great book . Speaker for the Dead is a good book with some great new concepts . Xenocide and CotM are truly awful with CotM being so bad it is painful to read . And it sets up the reader for yet another sequel . Oh . Please . No.In CotM , Ender just withers on the vine . In the end , he literally bores himself to death . He must have been reading this book.Ender 's Game readers will want to read the entire `` quartet '' . Do so if you must , but be aware that life is short and you will never get these hours back . Do yourself a favor , pretend Xenocide and CotM do not exist and read the Shadow series if you need more in the Ender world .
 Ender 's Game = great , Speaker for the dead - good , Xenocid = GREAT , but Children of the mind = poor . Card in his last book of the Ender `` quartet '' just reies to juggle to many themes and eventually just loses himself and ends up with a heaped up plot . The book is left wide open open the issue of the new species , the descoladores , who made the virus . Though this is the last of the ENDER books , Card should write ONE last novel to tie up all the lose ends like the issue of Jane , Peter & wang-mu , Starways Congress 's response to hearing the descolada netralized , and they should be alerted about the descoladores ! The next book should mainly be about the descoladores . THERE SHOULD BE A NEXT BOOK TO CLOSE THE HOLES .
 Orson Scott Card was just criticizing Star Trek in the Houston Chronicle . So it 's amazing that this book feels just like a bad Star Trek book . This is because of how XENOCIDE ended . The first two Ender books were perfect , and why ? Because they WERE N'T STAR TREK ! There were a few liberties taken , but generally the books were quite intelligent , even if the pacing was warped and disorienting in SPEAKER . I first realized the series was declining in XENOCIDE when I read the argument about Jane cutting off the fleet , which was really quite stupid and pointless , and did n't feel like pro sci-fi . Fortunately , I was drawn into the emotions of Qing-Jao and Wang-Mu ... then BAM ! Jane decides `` oh , let 's make a hyperdrive '' , and not only do they , but * gasp * a bunch of guys pop out of Ender 's and Miro 's heads ! Then , Peter shows up at that Chinese place and says `` Yo , guys , I 'm gon na go take down an interstellar empire and all it 'll take is some talking and a little traveling ! But I 've got a hyperdrive , so hop on ! '' or something like that.I put the book down , swore a lot , and made a commitment that , while I would buy the last book so that I would be satisfied with finality , I would never buy another OSC book ever . EVER.As Card explains , this is the second half of XENOCIDE , expanded a bit . And it is ridiculous , it gets worse and worse , and it 's all thanks to Xenocide . Peter and W-M hop around the star systems trying to get people to stop Congress -- yeah , great . And I bet that all it 'll take to convince Americans to take over D.C. and establish an imperial world government is some talking and two weeks , too.And then there 's the Descoladores . Another side-story set up by the third book . The entire debate about the virus being intelligent was unneeded , just fattened up the book a bit . The fact that the inhabitants of Lusitania manage to discover another sentient species of aliens -- with which the humans will probably be warring -- even as the Fleet approaches . Getting a bit far-fetched . The book really sinks to the level of common sci-fi . The only refreshing character is the Fleet Admiral , but even he is paper-thin . And pretty stupid , too.If only it were n't for Xenocide . This could have been great ... but it just is n't . Instead , it 's a joke.Speaking of which , OSC has announched his next book after Majic Street : The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Franchises
 Like most ever other reviewer here , I read the entire Ender 's series up through this book . While Ender 's Game and Speaker for the Dead are outstanding books -LRB- five star worthy -RRB- , Xenocide and Children of the Mind are simply irritating . I despised all the characters , who were so self-centered and so completely flawed you have no connection to them to care whether they die or live , and ca n't conceive they could succeed at anything . Page after page of characters contemplating their relationships with the other characters makes for a very boring read , and I found myself skimming much of the book . * spoiler * Without Ender , who essentially withdrawls from the narrative to have a relationship with his angry-at-the-world wife , there are simply no sympathetic or interesting characters that you really care about . But hey , at least I read all four books .
 ENDERS GAME and ENDERS SHADOW are two of the best science fiction books ever . The other books in the series are bubble gum for the brain
 I was extremely disappointed with this book . Ender 's Game was fascinating but Speaker for the Dead had very little action and this book just was the absolute pit . Card sets up situations and then never uses them , the actions of his characters are all futile and every character is just a repeat of one created in a previous novel with a personality quirk . More importantly , we never discover who the people really are ; we only learn their basic epithet , the blind one , the religious one , the silly one.The entire `` Descoloda is sentient '' argument gets tedious , the same conversations are repeated multiple times and nothing really happens for a really long time as if Card suddenly remembered that something actually has to HAPPEN in a book . The OCD people are just irritating . Card also creates charactes with potential -LRB- like Plikt -RRB- then discards them and they are n't spoken of again . Also he seems to write himself into holes and then have to write himself out again with this `` Well what we spent the last 400 pages saying was n't true suddenly is . '' The `` think-travel '' is just ridiculous . Card needs to learn to be less random in his writing for sure.This book leaves off exactly where it started and nothing really gets acc
 WHY YOU SHOULD READ THIS : There is absolutely no reason on earth to read this book . None . Reading it only makes you angry , bitter , and unhappy . If you bear any love of any kind for Ender Wiggin of Ender 's Game , then you must not read this book lest you destroy that memory forever.WHY YOU SHOULD PASS : You know , maybe Tor has made enough money robbing the graves of superior authors and pressing living authors of potential into some kind of servitude in working for their private pulp mill . Send a message to these guys by not buying this book and announcing , finally , that you are not a mindless lemming that will purchase any sort of book so long as it has the right pedigree . Have some discrimination and read something new and good ; those books are out there.READ MORE AT INCHOATUS.COM
 I loved Game , Shadow & Speaker . However , I will never understand what people see in Xenocide or this book . The dialog , plot & characters became more & more ridiculous throughout each of these two novels . By the end , I really did n't even care what happened to the characters I had grown to like in previous books.My advice is to avoid Xenocide and Children like Descolada ! And if you do n't get that reference , just avoid them because you will be more lost than human in a Bugger cavern ...
 Wow . All those Islamic terrorists trying to destroy America apparently do n't realize that all you have to do to overthrow a superpower is bounce around a bit . Sounds ridiculous ? That 's not even half as ridiculous as this piece of ... well , this mistake.The end of Xenocide was bad enough , when we learned that all your problems can be solved just by traveling to the magic dimension . Now , only a few weeks have past and not only have our heroes discovered a new race of alien species , but Jane -- now a goddess -- has figured out that she was never really going to die anyway because she has the power to take over someone 's body . Ender is boring himself to death , and Dark Peter and Wang-Mu are hopping around looking for random people to preach to . We are introduced to a new character
 I really enjoyed the first 3 books of the Ender series . This one - it was not very compelling . It took me weeks to finish where the first 3 books took a couple of days .
 About a quarter of the way through the book , I started mentally ticking whenever a character would `` burst into tears '' or start `` weeping '' at someone 's unnecessary emotional badgering or their sudden epiphany about the pointlessness of it all , and it became an almost unreadable soggy mess , sappier than tumblr at its worse.This would n't warrant such a horrible rating if it were just for that fact . But really that outlines the bigger problem , that too many times the emotional reaction from the characters was forced on us in inner tirades and monologues that SATURATE this novel , not tastefully pepper as in the previous installments . The best books evoke from the reader that `` Oh ... '' moment , or a gasp , without characters musing ad nauseum about the meaning of it all . As if in Inception , they `` went deeper '' about 5 times more , Card introduces too many shallow , fake characters not even to fill a plot hole ; they themselves dig the plot holes and then half-heartedly fill them all by themselves -LRB- the business family , the military officials ? pointless -RRB- . Every female character in this book is a bitch . No tension or suspense . Everything happens perfectly , there was n't a single disappointment for any of the characters of the book , imagining these wildly implausible deus ex machina solutions , which all perfectly work.Nothing really happens plot-wise in this book . I read it dutifully having finished the first three in the series , expecting an incredible finale , but it really was a disappointment . Read Xenocide and stop while you 're ahead .
 i love love LOVED book one . it was exciting , it was deep , i laughed , i cried . book 2 was kind of surprising , but i found it very profound and thought provoking . made me look at life differently , and somehow made me more precise in my communications . i foresee myself reading books 1 and 2 again and again throughout my life . book 3 started getting tedious , but i was still very curious about the characters and how everything would work out . book 4 , i just did n't care . it was a struggle to keep returning to the book and trudge along . eventually i just gave up . at around page 215 or so , i put the book down and just read the summary on wikipedia . it was so unnecessary and pointless . but i still love the author and will keep on reading the rest of his books . this book was just awful . i 'm glad i did n't waste any more time on this one . but i ca n't wait to start bean 's story now !
 I dunno -- I liked the other three books in the series . For some reason , though , this one just seemed tedious . Character interaction is there , sure , but it seems dull and plodding . Everything about it just seems to lack the spark that usually makes Card so great . I suppose if you 've read the rest of the series you 'll probably want to read this one too , but do n't expect too much . Card 's biggest -LRB- only ? -RRB- letdown .
 Card thanks all the readers who sent in suggestions via his website in the intro to this book . Perhaps he should have ignored them . The story is disjointed and impossible to follow and lacks any of the suspense and excitement that Card created in the earlier Ender novels . Nor does the reader come to care about the characters , previously a Card strength -LRB- both in the Ender books and his other work -RRB- . Perhaps this is because Jane is the focus of the story , and Card has failed to construct a complex being out of an annoying computer program , relying instead on the technological marvel of her self-awareness to carry him through . It does n't . Overall , a complete and total UGH . I 've hesitantly bought Ender 's Shadow , and am praying that it is more like the first three than this disaster .
 It 's probably pointless to try and convince someone not to read this book , as anyone completing the first three in the series would almost certainly want to read the next chapter . However , know that Children of the Mind feels like it was cranked out in a weekend , and besides being weakly written , it 's outrageously boring and far-fetched . Any `` reality '' -LRB- a relative term to science fiction -RRB- which grounded the first three books is gone here . Ender 's Game is great , Speaker for the Dead is different but every bit as good , and Xenocide begins the slide in the series , as Card loses steam and begins losing his grip on his own creation . Finally , Children of the Mind was a chore to read . I eventually skipped most of the last third and went to the end . It was so bad , in fact , that it ended my interest in reading Orson Scott Card , at least for the time being . In the end , Children of the Mind is about as essential to the Ender saga as the new Star Wars movies are to the original trilogy -LRB- basically an hack-job of a follow-up -RRB- . Avoid .
 Talk about pretentious -- in the afterword to Children of the Mind , Orson Scott Card compares himself to Nobel Prize winning author Kenzaburo Oe . And that really illustrates the problems not only with this latest novel , but the problem of the Ender series , in general.Card is so taken with moral and character dilemmas that he gives short shrift to the actual plot of the story . It might be acceptable if Card had the craft and skill of good `` mainstream '' author , but he is so heavy-handed that his attempts at literary depth are embarassing.Ender 's Game was a great novel because Card did a magnificent job of compression ; the result was a taut , gripping and moving story . Speaker For The Dead was a very good novel because the main plot involving the mystery of piggy culture and biology was strong enough to carry the reader past the bland soap opera of the Portugese biologist 's family.But the third novel , Xenocide , completely collapsed under its weight , and C ! hildren of the Mind -- after starting with what is admittedly a touching scene with Ender and his wife in the monastery -- dissolves into a mess . Any interesting plot flow that might have moved the book forward stops dead every time -- and there are many of them -- Mr. Card yields to his didactic side and inserts a boring , almost expository , conversation about the meaning of reality.Mr . Card also continues another unfortunate trend that began in Speaker For the Dead , as he again speculates on how different ethnic cultures might handle space colonization . No doubt the author is exploring his own well-intentioned curiosity about other people , but his literary clumsiness again betrays him and the results are parodies , such as Japanese wisemen spouting Lotus wisdom and Pacific Islanders who have the wherewithal for space travel but still row on bamboo craft to speak to primitive prophets . It 's as annoying as the Catholic Portugese stereotypes that populated Speaker and as insul ! ting as Xenocide 's Chinese Geniuses-Who-Speak-Like-Confuciu ! s.Children of the Mind tries to give us a cliffhanger ending with an interesting mystery to be explored , but although the sci-fi concept itself does have its intrigue , I just ca n't take any more of these characters .
 He misses the mark on almost all counts . The charecterization sucks and the plot * feels * manufactured . The growth of Ender Wiggin from a child to the speaker for the dead has been dealt with beautifuly in his earlier books but the entwining of ALL threads into this story is frankly unacceptable.In fact I even see traces of Alvin in Children of . .
 Though one might argue that Card has put as much or more work into explaining the nature of his fictitious universe in this novel as any other , in terms of actual writing it feels as though he phoned this one in . The book lacks heart , meaningful character development and believability . The brilliant characters that the story centers around make consistently illogical decisions , interact in melodramatic fits of superficial dramatic tension , and overall fail to come across as either authentic geniuses or authentic human begins , let alone both . This unfortunate shortcoming holds true for Ender -LRB- all three of him -RRB- all the way down . What 's more , Card seems to be incapable of sticking with a character to the end , abandoning Ender Wiggin in Children of the Mind in a way analogous to the treatment of Julian `` Bean '' Delphiki in Shadow of the Giant
 You thought Ender 's Game is one of the very best books written?You thought Speaker of the Dead was a good book?You thought Xenocide was slightly above average?You 'll think this is god awful ... but you 'll have to read it , because you 're an Ender fan . But I 'd skip this and go read ` Hyperion ' by Dan Simmons or some really classic Sci-Fi like Asimov , or even ENDER 'S GAME again
 I just finished this book and I read it not too long after reading ` Xenocide ' . I really should review ` Xenocide ' but I wanted to get this out while it was still fresh since ` Children of the Mind ' was so awful . A full review of ` Xenocide ' , though , is n't really necessary since both books are terrible and suffer from the same flaws.The big problem with this book is that Card violates the ` Show , Do n't Tell ' rule of writing . This book consists almost exclusively of long dialogue between characters and very long monologues and/or character ruminations . Even though a lot is happening in the book - colonies of buggers , pequeninos , and Lusitanians are moving off-world ; the Starways Congress Fleet is traveling to Lusitania to destroy it ; Peter and -LSB- the hyper-annoying -RSB- Wang-Mu are conducting Card 's ridiculous idea of shuttle diplomacy - Card only ever has characters talk about it , rather than have the reader along for the ride . Card even takes the excitement out of space flight for Pete 's sake.Then there is Card 's half-baked morality/philosophy baked into the crust of this turd pie . For example , Peter 's ` mission ' is to sway political opinion against the fleet 's use of the Molecular Disruptor -LRB- M.D. , or the Little Doctor , first seen in ` Ender 's Game ' -RRB- . They do this by going to exactly two planets - neo-Japan and , I 'm not making this up , neo-Samoa ! They have exactly two meetings -LRB- one on each planet -RRB- with two philosopher/academic types . These meetings consist of some pseudo-philosophical claptrap that is supposed to pass for weighty jousting of ideas of serious moment and then , presto ! change-o ! political opinion in the Congress of ONE HUNDRED WORLDS is changed and an order goes out telling the fleet not to use the Little Doctor!Then there is the pointless conflict and endless hand wringing over where Jane 's soul -LRB- or aiua -RRB- will go . It 's obvious that Jane will end up in the Young Val that returns from the initial faster-than-light space flight at the end of ` Xenocide ' . But that does n't stop Card from allowing his characters -LRB- such as they are -RRB- from arguing and bickering endlessly about it . As if that 's not bad enough , the conflict is repeated -LRB- albeit on a blessedly smaller scale -RRB- with the question of where Ender 's soul will go when he dies . -LRB- If you have n't figured out that it 's Peter , hit yourself in the head with a hammer . -RRB- Which brings me to yet another annoying thing about this book - the endless bickering between the characters . It 's not enough that the book is endless dialogue . It 's a lot of endless bickering , sniping and malicious psychoanalysis between the characters . First of all , very , very few people -LRB- and when I say ` very , very few ' I mean none -RRB- has the acumen that Card 's characters have . No-one really knows what anyone else is really thinking or why they do what they do . This makes it all the more unforgivable for Card to saddle the book with loads of shrill attacks between Jane and Ender , Jane and Miro , Young Val and Miro , Peter and Wang-Mu , Ender and Novinha , Quara and everyone ! It reminded me of why I stopped reading Card 's Homecoming series , which suffered from the same shortcoming.Also , Card does n't pass up the opportunity to re-hash all his earlier sermo - I mean , arguments from the previous three books about how it is wrong for one species - in this case , humans - to exterminate another - in this case , the buggers -LRB- notwithstanding the fact that the buggers were attacking humankind -RRB- . Except that he does n't even make an argument ; it 's simply an assertion . He does n't explain why it was wrong of Ender to destroy the buggers ' home world . He just declares that it is -LRB- and saddles poor Ender with the guilt -RRB- . It was unconvincing the first several times Card made it and unnecessary in this volume.I think this book suffers from the Forced Franchise Syndrome . That 's my own term for when a filmmaker , or in this case author , takes a perfectly good standalone property -LRB- ` Ender 's Game ' in this case -RRB- and tries to string it out to create a series when it 's not supported by the material . My two favorite examples of this are the Pirates of the Caribbean and the Matrix movies.I rarely give up on a book once I have started it . I thought long and hard about it with this one . In the end , the reason I did n't was because the book was relatively short and it only took me a little over three days to get through it .
 This was probably the most disappointing and tedious book I have ever read . The only reason I finished it was because I am a fan of the series and I have never put a book down halfway through . Card repeats himself to the point that it feels like he is beating you over the head with a hammer with his `` philosophical '' ramblings . I would estimate that 80 % of this book is dialogue about characters ' feelings that reads like one person 's inner monologue . It is mind numbing and I seriously became agitated at points because I knew I should just cut my losses and quit reading . If you are a fan of the series and just have to know what happens next I would just do yourself a favor and read some cliff notes or read a summary on wikipedia . So little happens that it is unlikely you would miss much . You would at least save yourself the misery of reading this drivel .
 It would n't matter what series this was in . If this was the first book in the Lord of the Rings it would still be bad . The plot is over blown and time and again vanishes into strange tangents . I wish it was not in the `` Ender Series . '' In fact I wish I could get my money back
 The Starways Congress is shutting down the net , world by world , and has gathered a fleet to destroy the planet Lusitania . Jane , the evolved computer intelligence , can save the sentient races -LRB- humans , buggers and pequeninos -RRB- but only for a while . Once enough of the net is closed down , Jane will not have access to sufficient processing power to move the ships.In the meantime , Ender is failing and his children must save Jane if they are to save themselves . Jane is losing her memories and concentration as the net is shut down . If Jane is to survive , she must find a way to transfer her ai&uacute;a -LRB- or soul -RRB- to a human body - and who better than Young Val or Peter ? But which one , and what will be the consequences of the choice ? And what about Ender himself ? ` To light a candle of truth where there was no truth to be found . That was Ender 's gift to us , to free us from the illusion that any one explanation will ever contain the final answer for all time , for all hearers . ' I have very mixed feelings about this instalment of the Ender saga . I enjoyed the first three books more
 Hello I read this delightful book abot the fairies and the unicorns that take over the world by means of illegal weapons !!!!!! THIS IS A GREAT NON - FICTION BOOK !!!!
 This book was terrible . So full of meaningless and stupid dialogue . Nothing happened at all . The characters were stupid.The most frustrating part
 My main comment is , if you want to be reading about tracing wood grains , you 'll enjoy this book . You actually go through the pain of this tedious job . I really got the point at the first wood grain tracing session , but then there was another ... and another ... That 's pretty much all I can remember about the story , seeing as I read it as a child . If you want to finish the series , as I always do no matter what , then you are in for some pain . Hey , if you finish it , you 'll have the satisfaction of reading ALL the Ender books ! Otherwise , forget it and read `` Ender 's Shadow '' , that 's a masterpiece right there !
 I 'm not going to comment on the book itself and how it was written , this review is strictly about the performance of the audiobook . There are good and bad readers and if you listen to a lot of audiobooks you know that sometimes the book can be good but the reader can be bad . I 've read the entire series and just recently wanted to hear them again but because of the massive amounts of commuting I do I decided to try the audiobooks.Most of the readers in this book are good . Their voices help the story and keep you interested while driving in your car ... One of the readers for this series of books was annoying to listen to , the reader who read the part of the character Si Wang Mu . When she reads the part of Wang Mu , she pronounces words as if English was a second language to her -LRB- ESL -RRB- . Which to give credit , does make sense to the story since that character lived her life as a servant and did not get a proper education until later . Now I know that the reader did n't normally talk as if English was her second language because when she was reading conversations between Wang Mu and other characters , she pronounced things in an ESL manner , but read the responses from other characters normally and clearly . Therefore I know they made a conscious choice to do this , and I do n't think it was a good one . It 's not that I could not understand the reader either , I just did not like the attempt to sound uneducated . I did not mind the performance of the reader who read Miro 's parts , even when they read the parts when he was talking with brain damage and he spoke slower.At first it was just annoying , but after a while it gets more and more intolerable to listen to since you know that the reader does not have to read the way that she does.Both Xenocide and Children of the Mind have this reader and it made me enjoy these books less than I did the first time when I read them.Ender 's Game -- 5 starsSpeaker for the Dead -- 4.5 starsXenocide -- 2 starsChildren of the Mind -- 2 starsEnder 's Shadow -- 5 starsI have not listened to any of the other audiobooks in this series yet , so I can not rate them at this point.THESE REVIEWS ARE NOT ON THE STORY ITSELF , BUT ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THE AUDIOBOOK !! If you want a review on the story then read any of the other reviews that you can find anywhere else on the internet . Since no one reviews the performances of audiobooks I thought I would try to help out .
 My time would have been much better spent re-reading the first three wonderful books in this series than trudging through this corny , tedious anticlimax .
 As often found with writers of a highly succesful book
 Children of the Mind read similarly to the stories I wrote in 2nd grade . Though more sophisticated , it had the same rambling tone , as if the author did n't quite know where to take it , and wrote the story while searching for a way out . In doing so , the story became too unbelievable , to be enjoyable . There were too many miracles , too many near deaths , too many almost destructions . Every time Card could n't think of a way to get himself out of a tight situation , a new `` miracle of science '' was discovered , making the story a winding tale . The question is raised
 Hello I read this delightful book abot the fairies and the unicorns that take over the world by means of illegal weapons !!!!!! THIS IS A GREAT NON - FICTION BOOK !!!!
 Good , but it simply was n't actionous enough . I do n't mind having no action in a book -LRB- otherwise how else could I love Foundation so much ? -RRB- , but Children was a book that NEEDED to have action in it . Unfortunately it did n't really . Too much philosophical babble that I had to re-read to get it . Slightly reminiscent of Card 's later Shadow series with the sheer amount of internal monologue . Too much about Jane , not enough about the pequeninos and barely anything about Ender , which annoyed me . To my shock Ender 's death did not really impact me in any way , beyond -- `` Huh ? Wait ... Ender is dead ? '' , so little was his role in the book . He probably talked for only about twelve pages altogether.EDIT
 Orson Scott Card went too far with this one . I felt he was pulling at strings to tie all of his books and the universe together in a cohesive work . He spun a web and got caught in it.Ok , no more metaphors . This book is the conclusion of Ender Wiggin , with his final acts and battles . This book gathers many of the characters from his previous books , and attempts to solve all of the universes problems through the acts of a few incredibly bright , isolated , tortured , souls . With a convenient , all knowing , almost all powerful being to help out , it 's no surprise that our protagonists succeed in their tasks . It 's a must read if you 're a fan of Card , but far below the quality of the previous books in the series .
 Give me a break ! This hunk of junk does n't deserve to be sequel to a book as good as Ender 's Game ! It 's terrible ! The plot was just plain weird , and the author rambles on and on and on and on and on and on about every little topic until you 'd rather just read a summary and throw the book in the trash . They totally killed the character of Ender in here , and ... well , you get my drift . A word of advice-if you liked the original , this probably is n't the book for you .
 Disappointing book , silly finale , characters that all the same and have no distinguishing personalities whatsoever . I do n't know why I keep reading Card 's book , but at least I 'm finally done with this ridiculous series .
 Children of the Mind picks up where Xenocide concludes . The author has stated that the two novels were initially thought of as a single volume , but that it grew too large and was split to allow both stories their full potential . I think that it might have been better to have kept these in a single volume and attempted to streamline the stories.As is , Children of the Mind seems to jump around a lot . We follow many sets of characters on their various goals , such as Peter and Wang-mu 's struggle to convince the philosophers of two worlds , who inadvertently sway the starfleet congress , that destroying the world of Lusitania would be wrong , or Miro and New-Val 's struggle to find new worlds for the various races to inhabit and then to find the ultimate threat who initially unleashed the virus . We also follow Jane and Ender , although separately as they leave their current existences behind and move on to the next phases of their respective lives.Somewhere in the various story-lines something was missing . The book flowed relatively well , but at the same time seemed a little disappointing . I think that it was perhaps the direction that the story took in Xenocide that set this volume up for failure . We did not have the action sequences or need for raw action present in Ender 's Game , nor did we have the introduction and inspection of the new species as well as the well grounded moral dilemmas that accompanied them in Speaker for the Dead . Instead , the last two books seemed to be moving ahead not of their own volition , but instead almost just as a force set in motion by the previous novels . From what I have heard , the Shadow Series is better than these last two ... Here 's hoping that that is true , as the first two novels were very good . .
 I found Children of the mind to be long on dialog -LRB- much of it redundant -RRB- and short on story . I would have preferred to see the last 10 % of Children of the mind appended on to Xenocide and a new book four detailing experiences with the new alien species.But this is not the point of my review , I wanted to let others like me to know not to give up . I was ready to forgo reading any of the Shadow books . Fortunately I had already bought Enders Shadow for my Kindle and was obligated to read it -LRB- after all I already paid for it ! -RRB- . And I am glad I did , it was a much better read and almost as good as Enders Game!Moral of the story ... Dont give up !
 Card 's preaching in his most recent works -LRB- see Pastwatch -RRB- has precluded character development . Ender Wiggins becomes a one-dimensional character even if you include the `` personalities '' of young Val and Peter . The rest of the characters fare even worse . The plot progresses at a glacial pace until the last few pages and the resolution is only sleight of hand.After the disappointment of Xenocide , I hoped for a return to the vitality of Ender 's Game and Speaker for the Dead . What we got was more `` magic '' solutions to problems faced by whining , self-absorbed characters . -LRB- Yes , I 'm aware that technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced , but there were too many rabbits pulled from the same hat to generate a coherent , much less enjoyable , story . -RRB- Even though I am a fan of Card 's work , I ca n't recommend this book to anyone other than an unrepentent SciFi diehard -LRB- or similarly afflicted ramen -RRB-
 Before reading this , I already knew what to expect having already ingested the previous three books in this series - Ender 's Game , Speaker for the Dead , and Xenocide , so I 'm not sure what exactly about this book was a disappointment . Card finally gives us a kind of end to Ender 's 3000 year life and many plot points that arguably should have already taken place in Xenocide . Unlike the ending to the Harry Potter series , we are not left feeling a sense of sadness and loss at losing a character we have already followed for a thousand pages . Instead , we get another failed attempt at a philosophical science fiction novel . The dialogue is almost endless , one of my major criticisms of the last two books , but here , the religious and spiritual debates reach a crescendo , for me , it was almost too much and almost forced me to stop reading the book . But alas , having loved Ender 's story , maybe only in the beginning to be honest with you , I had to see how everything played out.I can not decide whether Card 's note at the end of the book , where he tries explain what it is he was and is trying to do and where he discusses the work of Oe and Endo -LRB- both authors I adore -RRB- , was a good idea or a bad one . For those having read the previous two volumes and presumably this one since you see the note at the end , you already figured that he had an intense interest both in Asian culture and writing and in creating some kind of moral pedagogy in his work . Unfortunately , his finished project does not stand up as well to other writers who have successfully done it -- Endo , Oe , C.S. Lewis to name a few -- because the philosophy and religion and other spiritual aspects of the novel are so in-your-face and all-consuming that the plot and the storylines disappear.Anyways , at least I can say that I 'm done with this book series ... Interesting Quotes : `` Life is a suicide mission . '' `` Do the dead tips of fingernails feel bad when you pare them away ? '' `` It 's all fictions anyway . We do what we do and then we make up reasons for it afterward , but they 're never the true reasons , the truth is always just out of reach . ''
 There is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy too much dialogue - both inner and outer - in this book . A planet with its inhabitants is about to be destroyed and we are misguidedly treated to endless useless and boring details about the love lives and inner demons of many characters . And pointless verbal sparring and pedantry.The stuff about the aiuas was interesting at first , but it does n't seem to make any sense . Why ca n't young Valentine hold herself together ? She has her own self inhabiting her body , no matter the forced ruminations about the topic . This should have been an obvious flaw from the outset . And that Jane can not seem to find better solutions to being shut down by Congress is hard to believe .
 This book had sadly little new ... It just seems to be a rehash of Xenocide , and a drawn out one at that . I loved Ender 's Game and Speaker for the Dead , but since then he 's gone downhill with this series . As well , a significant portion of this book could have been left out , with little or no damage to the plot . Perhaps Card 's status has resulted in editors being unwilling to alter his manuscripts ... He should 've spent his time making the Ender 's Game script -LRB- yes yes yes ! -RRB- .
 How can you go from Ender 's game to this ?!? I almost tore my eyes out when reading it . If you like boring characters talking about the same things over and over and over and over and over ... and over , be my guest . Young Val is specially boring and annoying . The only redeeming quality is that there in not as much crying and weeping as in the last two books.You could probably write a fifteen page summary and miss NOTHING !!!
 ... and the thread of the story seems to just run further away from the original concepts . Was n't thrilled with the new ideas expressed in it and would n't recommend it as a good read .
 Talia and her friends have started the Thrill club . They meet regularly to listen to the scary stories Talia has written . But when she starts using the names of her friends in her stories , things go badly . A friend is killed in a similar way.It was an okay storyline , but the ending was way too far out for my taste .
 Once again I must write a review stating that I am disappointed with the condition of the book I recieved . It had spots , stains and pages that were folded , I did not expect to see since it was stated that the book was like new . The seller mygrandmagoodies informed me that if I took my bad review off the site that I would recieve another book to my liking , that was October 10th it is now November 24th and I have yet to recieve replacement book . So to my fellow readers PURCHASE WISELY !!!
 Reading clearly has talent , but it lies in the realm of the succenct haiku-like cryptogram . Many of these poems are first-draft indulgences , collected in a helter-skelter manner . This book would clearly not have been published in America , nor could it have gotten past many of the poetry manuscript contests here . Reading is best at keeping his mouth shut -LRB- `` Alert ! '' , a poem several pages in length should have never been written , let alone published -RRB- and his thoughts mysterious . And if there is a failure here , it 's in Reading 's lack of an editor -LRB- an editor who is also a ruthless critic -RRB- . Every writer needs one , Reading more than most .
 There is nothing detailed or even intellectually satisfying in this book . But I think the one thing that it does do is , -LRB- as another reviewer put it , -RRB- is to cheerlead . This book was exciting as it was the first book that I had ready on the subject . But now that I have done numerous transactions in real estate and handled millions of dollars worth of real estate and having experienced the ups and downs , DON `` T DO REAL ESTATE AFTER READING THIS BOOK !!!!!!!! This book is so simplistic one does not know where to begin . For instance , Mr. Dolf , does n't delve into possible set-backs seriously enough . He assumes that as long as you buy in a densely populated area , it is a safe bet . And he gives an example of `` California '' as one such place . There are many contingencies too numerous to list that destroys such a simplistic theory . Markets do have their time and in real estate , if you are stuck in a loan and a property you ca n't move , you are illiquid and repositioning is not as easy as it might seem . Therefore , being incapable of averting financial ruin is mmore difficult.Real Estate is something that is experienced . You ca n't just `` buy by the beach '' and then just earn equity growth because no one is making beach front . And how many people have the kind of money that allows their first deal to be a fixer in Malibu . His other formula to look at a hundred-pick three-and buy one is really idiotic . There are no formulas in a mechanism that is continually shifting . The real estate industry is continually evolving . There is always an element of risk involved in any purchase . And buying single family homes is a mistake unless you are in a rapidly appreciating environment simply because there is less income potential to hold notes . And the more units , the better the rate -LRB- commercial properties -RRB- . Also , the diversity of loan products just about allows anyone to buy their own home -- no need to rent . None of this is even mentioned in these pages.Then why three stars ? Because , fundamentally getting excited is half the battle . And this book WAS exciting . Its simplicity is actually very appealing . In essence , he is right about one thing
 THis book was hard to understand becuase it was written in the kings english . I think the education in this book is outdated
 I had a nice , long , maybe even scholarly review of this book ready to go but then I thought , `` You know , there 's been toomuch angry ink spilled over this subject already . '' So I ditched all my really juicy points and am just going to give you the short version : On the whole , this book is an unwelcome addition to the open theism debate . Even if Ware 's arguments are correct -LRB- a big if , in my opinion -RRB- , his unending sarcasm and invective pretty much guarantee that no open theist is ever going to be able to listen to him . If you want to learn about open theism , this book is definitely not the place to start . Ware just does n't seem able to sustain the fair-mindedness he manages to show in his early chapters . He draws too many unwarranted conclusions and produces too many distortions of the open thiesm position . Instead , I would suggest the Intervarsity Press book `` Divine Foreknowledge
 As with Norman Geisler 's book `` Creating God In The Image of Man ? , '' Bruce Ware 's book simply does not take the issue nor the subject seriously . I wondered , quite frankly , as I was reading the book whether Ware had actually fully investigated and contemplated the subject he was addressing . As someone who has read the books Ware addressed in his critique of open theism , I found his criticism lightweight , which matches the impact this book will have in general . It 's as if Ware simply took quotes from the books without studying indepth what the authors were truly writing about . The book suffers from two profound problems
 I am generally not inclined to write a review or a letter to the editor or other things of that nature but occasionally I run across material that is so troubling to me that I must respond . Ware 's book is just such material.I have been following the developments of this debate pretty closely and am intrigued by the Open Theism position . However , I have been looking for a solid counter argument against which to weigh the claims . Ware 's work was recommended to me as just such a work . While the person recommending the book did not believe the arguments to be devastating he did believe Ware had read and wrestled with the material . I was sorely disappointed . For all of the weight that Ware places on the signifcance of the debate there is an appaling lack of sophistication in his treatment . This book would serve well in logic class as a lesson in the effective use of logical fallacy that places the book well into the category of style over substance . Ware does not engage the material but simply regurgitates standard arguments that often beg the question and he repeatedly equivocates as he conveniently redefines terms and even other characteristics of God as they serve his system of thought -LRB- e.g. pg .164 note 2 -RRB- concerning the nature of God.As one who is not yet convinced in the debate this work served little in helping even to clarify the issues involved . The book however , was well written in a persuasive style that will certainly move the less engaged reader who is looking only to be affirmed in a previously held position or who is unfamiliar with the Open position . Ironically , it is this strength among its many failings that poses the greatest danger .
 I am generally not inclined to write a review or a letter to the editor or other things of that nature but occasionally I run across material that is so troubling to me that I must respond . Ware 's book is just such material.I have been following the developments of this debate pretty closely and am intrigued by the Open Theism position . However , I have been looking for a solid counter argument against which to weigh the claims . Ware 's work was recommended to me as just such a work . While the person recommending the book did not believe the arguments to be devastating he did believe Ware had read and wrestled with the material . I was sorely disappointed . For all of the weight that he places on the signifcance of the debate there is an appaling lack of sophistication in his treatment . This book would serve well in logic class as a lesson in the effective use of logical fallacy that places the book well into the category of style over substance . Ware does not engage the material but simply regurgitates standard arguments that often beg the question and he repeatedly equivocates as he conveniently redefines terms and even other characteristics of God as they serve his system of thought -LRB- e.g. pg .164 note 2 -RRB- concerning the nature of God.As one who is not yet convinced in the debate this work served little in helping even to clarify the issues involved . The book however , was well written in a persuasive style that will certainly move the less engaged reader who is looking only to be affirmed in a previously held position or who is unfamiliar with the Open position . Ironically , it is this strength among its many failings that poses the greatest danger .
 Although the picture is of the correct edition , the wrong edition was sent . It was not the Little Leather Library edition as advertised . It was for a gift and I did n't have any time to send it back or I would have . False advertising .
 WARNING to anyone who clicks on the Kindle link for this book
 I have been looking for a dream book . One that can tell me about dreams and perhaps explain it to me . I was not happy with this book , this one is more of a poem book with some memoir content in it . Boring and cheap . For someone like myself who crave to know about dreams , I strongly suggest
 This was my choice for a Kindle Premiere free book . I had not finished reading it when my month was up . It is unfair to take it back when it was called a free book . The offer should have been more clear so I knew I was going to lose it if I had n't finished it in time .
 Didnt think much of it . Maybe just a bad choice on my part . Too young ... or I 'm too old . Not enough content .
 WARNING
 I know that this book is by no means meant to be a good reprint of the book . However , given the price of the book , I find it unacceptable that this book is missing a significant chunk of the book . Although there are disclaimers about the quality of the print , i just want to point out that about 1 out of 12 pages is blurred almost illegibly and the text only occupies about 40 % of each page . If anyone is considering purchasing this book for class , you should look up the google ebook which is free , complete and free of blurred print . Or just purchase a version from a better publisher .
 This book supposedly has been updated & revised . I found it to be very out-dated -LRB- 50 's & 60 's photo/graphics of children -RRB- and -LRB- many remarks about etiquette & being graceful -RRB- . Granted I want my children to be well mannered , but this reads like something from `` leave it to beaver '' Some good tips of things to do with your pre-schoolers , but nothing out of the ordinary that one would n't think to do of on their own , or read about in a parenting magazine .
 So I feel weird about this book . I am down with Montessori `` schooling '' , but this book did n't give me anything new , in fact most of it was pretty dated . And much of the theory was very common sense , such as how to show your child how to do something , I was like `` um ... yeah , no kidding '' . Also , I do n't know if this is because it is so dated -LRB- 40 's ? -RRB- but many of the tasks for `` 3 to 5 '' year olds my 11/2 year old can do , or is already learning , I felt like much of the things this book guides you to show your two year old , my bobbler already gets . There is even a part where it suggests we start teaching colors at age 3 , my kid knows all his colors even though he ca n't say them . I am not bragging here , it was just weird . Also the `` busy board '' is put together with upholstery tacks , and I am pretty sure I would n't want my kid playing with something that included tacks.There was NOTHING here that I could n't find on Montessori sites , or mom blogs .
 I am a paranormal investigator and have worked with many psychics , and demonologists and exorcists . I have come across cases of true possession and while I do believe this litte boy was possessed , I am somewhat skeptic in the whole '' I went out of body to drive a demon away while another person went out of body to secure little Edwards soul . '' To me this is just hard to swallow having seen many things first hand I do not discount it , but I can not help but think this has been extravagantly embellished . These people should have sought help from John Zaffis and had a catholic exorcism performed or perhaps several . Until the demon was vanquished.I also will say this , I do not know if the author was using the real names of the Demon involved , I tend to think she was , in which case It is complete idiocy to mention , think about , write , or even say a Demon 's name as this allows them access to the individual . So a word of caution when/if you are reading this book to shut yourself off and not to dwell on the names mentioned in the book .
 This book is a collection of about 20 different statistics for each of the 100 towns . It would be time-consuming to do this research on your own , so I suppose some people will find it worthwhile as a starting point.However , I imagine that most people interested in the subject are looking for a book that describes communities in ways that are more illuminating.The only other information Crampton provides are quotes from town residents . But these residents are typically town boosters , such as members of the Chamber of Commerce and local politicians . The responses seem as though they were the result of a cursory phone interview or perhaps a survey form . The statements they provide are almost as uninformative as the statistics.If you 're looking for a book that will give you some idea of what it 's like to actually live in these towns , look elsewhere . A town might look great on paper and still be a dreary place to actually live . It would have been nice if Crampton had at least visited the towns he promotes.One final criticism . The book jacket advertises that diversity is one of the criteria upon which the towns were chosen . But the only thing that comes close to that is a statistic about the percentage of the population comprising youngish adults . There is no data on race , ethnicity , age -LRB- other than the one group mentioned -RRB- , or income distribution . I believe Crampton should either include information on population diversity or stop advertising content that he does n't provide .
 I was looking forward to getting this book . Well , I just got it in the mail and am extremely disappointed with the information . Many of the towns I am very familiar with because I have either visited or done research on my own . The bottom line with this book is this
 My town , Elko , NV , was rated # 1 . Mr Crampton did not bother to visit here . If he had it would never have made any good list . It was a boom town of trailers , pick ups , and four wheelers , populated by trashy people . It is now a bust town . Elko is only good if you want to buy a trailer the bank has repoed .
 I picked up this book thinking it would enlighten me on a future move but in all honesty I can find much better , much more current information for free on the internet by visiting sites like city-data and Best Places The forums at city-data are also a great place to visit to get a true feel of a town from the people who actually live there . I wonder if this author even visited any of these towns.This book is also dated so the financial , crime & growth information is not accurate which makes it almost useless for my needs . I looked up one of the recommended towns and things have changed dramatically . One local describes the town as a he ** hole and says drugs are rampant in this little town , mosquitos are unbearable and unfriendly dogs just run wild . This town is described in the book as a desert paradise so it makes me wonder about the rest of the recommendations here.The book also tells very little about the `` feel '' of each town , which is very important to me and there are no pictures at all . What are the neighbors and communities like ? Will the town be blown away by a hurricane or tornado ? The book touts itself on interviewing actual residents of the town but I ca n't possibly imagine business owners and town planners saying negative things about the town and that is who the author chose to interview . I do n't recall seeing any regular Joe type interviews . All in all it was rather a big waste of my time .
 This book is a collection of about 20 different statistics for each of the 100 towns . It would be time-consuming to do this research on your own , so I suppose some people will find it worthwhile as a starting point.However , I imagine that most people interested in the subject are looking for a book that describes communities in ways that are more illuminating.The only other information Crampton provides are quotes from town residents . But these residents are typically town boosters , such as members of the Chamber of Commerce and local politicians . The responses seem as though they were the result of a cursory phone interview or perhaps a survey form . The statements they provide are almost as uninformative as the statistics.If you 're looking for a book that will give you some idea of what it 's like to actually live in these towns , look elsewhere . A town might look great on paper and still be a dreary place to actually live . It would have been nice if Crampton had at least visited the towns he promotes.One final criticism . The book jacket advertises that diversity is one of the criteria upon which the towns were chosen . But the only thing that comes close to that is a statistic about the percentage of the population comprising youngish adults . There is no data on race , ethnicity , age -LRB- other than the one group mentioned -RRB- , or income distribution . I believe Crampton should either include information on population diversity or stop advertising content that he does n't provide .
 I was hoping for better information and a lot more of it . Trying to get 100 towns in one book was too much . I wish I had found something with more expense information in it .
 Unfortunately , Some Golden Harbor did not appeal to my senses . The plot , characters , and battle scenes were monotonous and bland . The political complexities ended up being linear . A has problem with B , so shoot both A and B and C wins.Very sad considering I have enjoyed the Lt. Leary series up to this book.I felt that the problem began when the majority of the focus ended up on Adele with her anti-social behavior and robotic outlook on life . You know what you get with her and because she is devoid of emotions , the book followed suit . Also , the excessive use of `` a Mundy of Chatsworth '' or `` my word as a Mundy of Chatsworth '' was very distracting.Definitely read the first 3 books , maybe the fourth , but skip this one .
 This is a hard review to write for someone who loved the other stories in this series . But really , do n't bother . I 've had this book for months and reading more than a page or two a week is a chore . And I 'm only halfway through . It 's that slow . Nothing of any interest at any level has happened yet . I really should give this book a one-star rating , but the last half has to be better . Does n't it ?
 Five books into the Lt. Leary series and I have to pull the plug . Only dogged determinaton got me this far , and a willingness to give character developement a fighting chance . Unfortunately , author David Drake fails to deliver in so many ways with SOME GOLDEN HARBOR.The basic storyline has the now Commander Leary heading off to Dunbar 's World to assist an allied system that has been invaded by another world in the far off Ganpat 's Reaches . For this mission , Leary recruits most of the same crew that has been with him since the first book . Colorful characters like the six and a half foot tall female bosun with the unpronouncable name Woetjans , along with the colorless Tovera and Adele Mundy sign up for another dangerous but profitable tour.That could have been the basis for a good story . No one involved with this product seemed to make an effort to make the reality fit the promise . This book has all the drama of a two day drive through Kansas on I-40 . We have had a glimpse of Daniel Leary 's swinging ways in all of the previous books . I assume the author thinks we are bored with straight sex because little of that is even hinted at in this book . In it 's place we are presented with a list of deviant social and sexual behavior . Here in SOME GOLDEN HARBOR you are treated to slavery , homosexuality and bestiality . Actually , on the last , since it involves the barely human Tovera and the alien lizardman Fallert , it might require a new word like XENOPHILIA -LRB- sex between humans and sentients from another planet -RRB- . If that is n't enough , human sentries are reported to be watching porn involving a woman and THREE aliens!Another fault mentioned in a previous review is the complete failure of any sort of military organization within the RCN . Only officers are ever promoted in this massive spacefaring Navy . Leary is a commander after an improbable two step jump at the end the pervious book . Midshipman Vesey has made full lieutenant . Every other person on this ship is still at the same rank doing the same job they were doing in the first or second book . As an retired Navy man myself , I can tell you how much traction that system would have.The Princess Cecile , a small corvette with small guns and few missiles , is past it 's usefulness for the storyline . Leary 's rank alone warrants a move to a bigger ship with greater capabilities.Character development also falls flat in this story . Adele , Tovera , Hogg , Pasternak , et al remain exactly as they were when they first met on the Princess Cecile . Leary himself devolves in that he begins the series with a distaste for the arrogant , nationalistic slur `` wogs '' . However , by this fifth book it has become a normal part of his conversation.His crewmen and women , the Sissies , also fail to develop in this book . All of the minor characters are treated as cardboard cutouts but with less personality . They do little more than risk their lives in dangerous situations and get drunk . Spacers apparently have no families , no homes and no loyalty to any nation , planet or government , except to Leary . If the are n't avoiding sudden vaporization or a lingering death in a bubble universe , they are chasing whores and blowing their money . That 's it.This series has ground to an ignoble stop for me . The last few pages put the period on it solidly . Few points are resolved clearly . Instead we and the crew are treated to a transvestite in a wig singing on the top of the ship in the middle of the day . Why?There are at least three other books ahead of this one but I 'm done with it . I 've tired of the careless editing that lets twice the words do half the work . Clearly no one bothered to proofread the copy before it went into print . Drake should be ashamed to lend his name to this substandard fare . BAEN BOOKS should apologize to any reader that paid full price for the books , and the reviewers crowded across the back sleeve should check to see if the book they reviewed was the same that was printed . Personally , I hope this is not an example of where the genre is headed . Jim Baen would be in tears .
 This is a boring book , I 'm on page 247 of 293 and nobody has known that there is a shark on the water -LRB- only a kid who do n't speak and a couple that known of it existent since almost the beginning of the book and do n't said anything to no one -RRB- . If you like mafia stories , real estates and normal people doing normal things living on the eastern coast of the USA this is your kind of book . If you are looking for a good story about a shark in the loose -LRB- that has suppose to be the mayor character -RRB- buy another book . This ca n't compared with the original Jaws , I wish the original Jaws was made exactly like the book . Jaws 2 is boooooooring .
 This book is taking on an enormous subject and has made a brave effort at giving a brief explanation of many religions and more details on Judaism , Christianity and Islam.BUT ! and it is a big but ... in trying to give more information on just a couple of faiths it fails to give a proper , balanced , realistic picture . For example
 I agree with `` Seeker '' and others . Not only is Protestantism poorly represented , so also is the ancient Eastern Orthodox Church - and , each of the 5 references is in error . If you are looking for a `` reference '' source to refer to and recommend to others
 `` So a priest and a rabbi walk in to a publisher 's office ... `` The cover invites us to `` Explore the world 's great religions with TV 's the God Squad . '' Indeed . `` Jesus loves me ! This I know , for the TeeVee tells me so . `` And what are the `` great '' religions ? According to the photos on the cover , the appellation `` great '' is reserved only for the big three monotheistic religions , all of which owe their `` greatness '' to an aggressive , external propensity to use violence -LRB- submit or die -RRB- and a very heavy , internal control mechanism based on punishment -LRB- submit or be damned -RRB- . All three are inherently violent because they posit an irrevocable `` us '' versus `` them '' dichotomy . Their shared core elements of immoveable authority , hierarchy , exclusive identity , and inescapable violence to any `` others '' outside the faith are expressed in statements like , `` No one comes to the Father but by me , '' `` I Am that I Am , '' and `` There is no god but God . '' Inescapable punishment in Hell by an omniscient and omnipotent god , compounded by humans ' natural fear of death and the unknown , is the social control mechanism invented by the priesthood in monotheistic religions . It is the unquestioned acceptance and enforcement of this control mechanism that increases group cohesion and survival through individual obedience . Violence against `` others '' and control of the in-group through fear are often the requirements for being `` great . `` Once the priest and the rabbi establish monotheism as the definition of what constitutes a `` great '' religion , we can see the jockeying for `` greatest '' as Christianity , Judaism and Islam continue their dominating , zero-sum game among themselves -- or at least among two of them as an imam was not invited to participate in writing this book . And you can bet there was a reason for this in a society where the word Muslim has replaced the word Communist to indicate the irredeemable , pure-evil , enemy `` other . '' In the first two photos we see Christianity and Judaism as private and individualistic , warm , intimate and with an attractive human face . In contrast , the Muslim in the third photo is faceless and prostrate . His is portrayed as a public religion where there is no separation of church and state , no line between the kingdom of god and the world of men . It is an image that supports the idea that there are Islamo-fascist states . The whole tone of the picture is stark , static and cold . Not only is Islam presented as the clear loser in the competition for `` greatest '' religion , but also its negative , dehumanizing treatment here is a direct affront to the Christian injunction to love your enemy.Through their choice of words and photos on the cover as well as in the pages that follow , the priest and the rabbi have betrayed `` Religion for Dummies '' not as an educational primer for the uninformed but as propaganda . Theirs is not a work objectively comparing religions where they equitably discuss similarities and differences and allow the reader to draw their own conclusions . Instead , the authors subtly insist on telling the reader which religion is best through their biased choice of words and the quantity and quality of their treatment of religions . By their exclusive definition and use of the word `` great , '' what virtue or value they grant to all other religions is irrelevant . Of course ! That is the fundamental point of monotheism
 I found out all to late the book was written by christian pastors , and quickly discovered the book had a biased slant to it . The book focuses greatly on the Abrahamic religions -LRB- what a surprise -RRB- and says little about any others.I was hoping for a anyalisis of the structure of religion , how they are formed , and all that . This is like a big brochure to sign up for a religion of `` your '' choice -LRB- Christanity being the correct choice in the eyes of the author . -RRB- The book is little more than a reference guide of the major religions out there , and deleves no further than that , other than to preach that religion is pure good and can do no evil -LRB- the authors must never watch the news or read a newspaper -RRB- This is the kind of book you borrow from the library for quick reference . Do n't waste your money .
 The title says it all . Religion is for dummies . Well intentioned but dummies nonetheless . I still love religious people though . Wait , I forgot , I 'm an atheist I do n't feel love . Only religious people love and that 's because they know God and God is love . There is no love without God , a specific God written in ancient children 's books preached by supremacist masters . Forgive me the sarcasm but thinking that you know there is a God and that you personally know that God is the ultimate arrogance .
 This book trys to give an upfront view , from the point of judeo/christian book reading . Most of the information is about `` book '' religions that dictate what to believe but does explain their religion well to those of the other religions . Suprisingly the native american religion was covered . They tried to limit their research to those of 1 million members or more . It would be good if they tried to expand this book into a series so everyone was covered , from their view , so it is known what their view point is of the ` lesser ' religions.The up front review of this book is to save the money .
 Only buy this book if you want to see pictures of Guppies raised by the Gan Fish Farm in Singapore . Of 55 pictures of Guppies in this book , 35 are Gan Fish and 17 are from some guy named Tanaka . That leaves only 3 pictures of other guppies . This book should have been a sales brochure for Gan and Tanaka . None of the Guppy pictures are of more recent and nicer looking strains that you see out there , at least in my opinion . In addition , the information in the book is better covered in some of the guppy web pages . Good thing I only paid -LSB- $ -RSB- for a used book .
 My Review of Inherit the WindInherit the Wind is the inspiring story of a small town , forced to confront their ignorance 's and prejudices when a high school teacher , Bertram Cates is put on trial for teaching evolution . Although the way I 've just described the plot sounds simple , this play is anything but simple . It has many different character relationships and dense themes that it confronts in a matter of only 3 acts . While that may work for a piece of literature like the Odyssey , I found the play harder to wrap my mind around . The story switched tones and themes so quickly that I found myself getting whiplash . Now I liked the story , and I am interested in all of the themes presented in it , for example , majority vs. minority , the separation of church and state , and the relationship between the Americans in cities and country folk . However I do n't find it conducive to good writing to read about too many of these dense subjects in a matter of 118 pages . However , I did like the characters and their developments throughout the story . Jerome Laurence and Robert E. Lee told the story of a small town getting not only its fifteen minutes of fame , but scratching the surface of one of the older arguments that have been going on in our country ; is there truly a separation of church and state?If you want to hear a lot of ideas in a short period of time , this play is for you , its easy to read , however if you are someone who really likes to ponder and study one theme or issue at a time , this play will not allow you at kind of `` luxury . ''
 Please note , I think `` Inherit the Wind '' , taken solely as a piece of drama , is a great play in all respects.These comments are specifically about the SparkNotes guide to the play . `` Inherit the Wind '' is NOT about the Scopes `` Monkey '' Trial - and the way in which this guide thoroughly confuses the two does a great disservice to anyone who reads it.To fully understand the origins of the play you have to know that it was written , and ready for performance NOT in 1955 , when it was finally produced on stage , and NOT in 1960 , when it became a film , but in 1950 . And here 's why that is important : In 1955 , when the play appeared on Broadway , the McCarthy witch hunt had collapsed in ignomany six months or more in the past , and Senator Joseph McCarthy was no longer a threat to anyone . In 1960 McCarthy was not only out of politics - he had died approximately 3 years earlier.BUTIn 1950 , just writing this play was a major act of bravery , because the House UnAmerican Activities Committee was operating at full throttle . And Joseph McCarthy was one of the most powerful men in America , a man who could destroy people whole lives just by `` suggesting '' that they were , or had been , `` commie sympathisers '' - a part of the alleged `` communist conspiracy '' . Is it any wonder , then , that Lawrence and Lee took the precaution of dressing up their expose of McCarthyism - the bullying , the innuendo , the bigotry , the incitement to hatred and so on - as what was by then an almost forgotten event from the 1920 's , 25 years before?These notes are a disservice , in equal measure , because they confuse the events of the real life trial with the events in the play ; and because they conceal the real motivation behind the writing of the play and the courage of the authors in daring to write the play at all * at that time * , and ignore the important messages that Lawrence and Lee wanted to get across , not only about intolerance in general , but also about McCarthyism in particular.If you really want a study guide for `` Inherit the Wind '' , I 'd recommend the CliffsNotes version . It is n't perfect , but it 's a whole lot better than this .
 Almost all of the scientific evidence brought forward during the time of the trial has been discarded.There was another very disturbing thing about Inherit the Wind . It caricatured Christians as self-righteous , intolerant and mean-spirited . The two leading Christian characters in the film rant like lunatics much of the time . Phillip E. Johnson 's bookDEFEATING DARWINISM BY OPENING MINDS -LRB- available at Amazon -RRB- writes about how Christians were stereotyped.The play did get one thing right . It is indeed a ` crime ' -LRB- to use their word -RRB- to censor an opposing view in the classroom . This lesson has been lost on secular humanists today who attempt to censor any evidence contrary to their dogmatic belief in evolution .
 This was a must read for a college literature class . Although it is referred to as classic literature , it is very biased against Christians and those who believe in Intelligent Design . It makes christians look like the bully bad guys .
 `` Inherit the Wind '' is a gross misrepresentation of the Scopes Trial . The entire thing was orchestrated by the Darwinists as a test case . The law on which the trial was based was merely symbolic ; it was n't meant to be enforced . The trial was anything but dramatic . It was an open and shut case
 I read the script and saw the movie when I was in high school and it masterfully reinforced my own bias against the Bible and `` fundamentalism . '' This was , of course , its objective.How interesting to learn later in life that Inherit the Wind , which purported to be about the Scopes Trial , was filled with fact-twisting , outright historical falsehoods , and straw-man arguments in an attempt to discredit a biblical view of origins and biblical Christianity as a whole.Numerous books and scholarly articles have been written to substantiate the indictment of Inherit the Wind as an intellectually dishonest fraud , including a recent one by a secular scholar . But still , most readers unknowingly assume it is an accurate representation of what happened at the Scopes Trial . They also assume it is a fair representation of the debate between evolutionists and those who are skeptical of the largely undocumented claims of evolution.The book insultingly portrays biblical Christians as ignoramuses and exalts cynical atheists as enlightened thinkers . Ironically , Inherit the Wind is a prime example of just the reverse
 I did a little research on this movie and turned up some unpleasant truths
 This book is extremely confusing and very hard to follow . I found myself a sleep at least 20 times while reading this book . Maybe its just hard for me to follow cause I am only a ninth grader and my teacher made me read it .
 I havent read much of this book but I dont like it so fare . My teacher just said it doesnt have enough pages so screw it freshout
 I had to read this for school and it was the most boring thing i have ever read . i fell asleep like 100 times and i had no clue what the hell was going on the whole time .
 This was more of a Boston accent book then a `` Yankee '' accent book . If you want info on that then its right on the money .
 I generally have liked the Jack Reacher books , and while totally too violent , at least keep you guessing as to the ending , which is usually fairly plausible . This is the only reason I have given it 2 stars instead of one . The ending is very obvious , as to who the killer is and like all of the other people wrote , it is totally implausible that none of the FBI agents would have noticed what was going on . The whole method of killing was ridiculous and made no sense and then ... . now , for those who do n't want to know the ending , do n't read further ... to blame it on hypnosis is ludicrous and a simplistic way to try to tie knots together . Obviously Lee Child does n't know a thing about hypnosis , because it has been proven that while you can make people do silly tricks on stage , you ca n't make them do things that go against their character or will and the concept of these post hypnotic suggestions is totally bizarre . Maybe the novel should be called The Stepford Army Girls .
 I love the series but the murder method in this one is so incredibly unrealistic and lame and cheap and cliche that it totally spoils what would be a really entertaining book .
 I generally like the the Jack Reacher series and will continue to read Child . However in Running Blind the action keeps me interested until page # 157 when , he ruins the the New York sequence-and - repeats it . He refers to Ft Dix , New Jersy as `` Dix '' ; then he increases his foolishness by calling it a marine base . The navy has bases , the Corps has camps and active army has `` Forts . `` my respect takes a dip here . Fort Dix is an active for reserves , National guard , and other activitries ; too Partially active Army has camps . Come on Lee ! Where were you when you wrote this ? Is it `` deous ex machina ? '' If it is , you fell through the thin Ice . He could have gotten a huey from someone . He dose n't the address scene for this unknown marine who owes him a favor . And then he repeats his mistake . I 'm even more cncerned by the supedity of the editer who let this pass . Then through out the rest of the book are misspellings , mispronounciations . You know-I read rest of the book rather quickley . GET YOUR STUFF TOGETHER , BOY ! -LRB- BEING 72YRS I CAN DO THIS -RRB- I 've been to both Fort Dix , and it 's neighbor , McGuire AFB . I 'll bet you never even roade past the fort.Andy Davis
 I 've been entertained by the previous Reacher novels . This one is weak and inconsistent with the others . Reacher takes no guff from anyone , routinely slaps around multiple thugs , breaks bones and kills when necessary , but becomes a complacent servant to pencil neck FBI geeks when threatened ? Hopefully , Reacher will grow a pair for the next novel . Oh , and yes , the killer is obvious way early . Look for the person who is the most unlikeable and has the most idiosyncrasies . If the author of a mystery tells you something unusual , it is for a reason to be explained later . That 's in the mystery writers manual . Please Mr. Child , try harder next time . And as others have said , the murder method is absurd . A zero star rating would be too high for this drivel .
 I 'm reading all this authors books in order . I like his style short straight sentences -LRB- He is n't into the adjective game with adjectives about adjectives on top of adjectives -RRB- , the good guys are slightly flawed but prevail , the bad guys fail and the stories are involved and interesting . Simple straight comfort food for an afternoon read . The reason I rated this title so low is also simple . The whole story is about the identification of the bad `` guy '' but the person was identifiable by the reader very very ... very early in the book . Anyone that thinks about what they are reading will have to read the following 2/3 of the book knowing the ending . Very , very , ... very tedious .
 Not much to say about this book . In a review of another Reacher book -LRB- `` Echo Burning '' -RRB- , I said that these books were fun reads despite their many drawbacks as novels -LRB- careless and sloppy writing , no attention to factual accuracy , one dimensional characters , plots that rely on coincidence etc -RRB- . This book is not fun , just stupid.The plot is literally incredible in many respects . The mysterious villain is telegraphed . The facts are wrong -LRB- my favorite
 Literary license is the authority readers grant a fiction writer to bend reality into an interesting story . The license is to bend , not to break . Running Blind smashes reality into some twisted mess that is impossible to accept . Impossible unless you have about a hundred pounds of brain damage.This book flat out violates the Pigs Ca n't Fly Rule . That is the rule that says that no matter what any fiction writer says , pigs just ca n't fly . Here are some examples of how this rule is violated in Running Blind -LRB- WARNING
 Did I miss something . Two books ago , Jack saves an FBI agent who just happens to be the daughter of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and grand daughter to the President . In that book Reacher came in contact with the head of the FBI and Chairman of the JCS . So now I am to believe to get Reacher to work for them -LRB- FBI -RRB- they threaten his girl-friend . What world does the author live in , in the real world one call to the agent he saved would have heads rolling ...
 I 've loved all of the Jacker Reacher novels ... until this one . Do n't get me wrong , the story reads great , as always . However , the ending is completely disappointing . I do n't want to give it away , but it 's based on a stereotyped , way-overused , and completely false quasi-science that is impossible to happen the way it does in the book . When you see this plot in a TV show , you know that the writers are running out of ideas , as they always seem to eventually use this one . I expected better from Lee Child . Perhaps others can overlook that -LRB- or do n't realize it 's completely unreal -RRB- , but it ruined the book for me.So go ahead and read it if you ca n't stand the thought of missing a Jack Reacher novel , but if you 're new to the series , please start with another one , like The Persuader or Without Fail , or at the beginning with The Killing Floor .
 This is a great novel for adolescent sex addicts who 1 . do n't know anything about the military , 2 . think the best way to keep a job is to insult your employers , 3 . think it 's cool to wear the same clothes day after day , 4 . would like to commit sexual harrasment themselves.The dialogue is simple and extensive , which keeps the pace fast.What is most astonishing are reviews on the cover calling Mr. Child 's efforts a ` masterpiece ' and ` spectacular ' . My response
 Lee Child has created an unusual hero in Jack Reacher which has provided the basis for quite a number of books now . I dimly think that the author Lee Child is British but regardless of whether he is or not his creation Reacher is designed to appeal to all of the trigger points of an American audience.Reacher is a person who can handle himelf in a scrape . He has done time in the militiary and has been trained in the art of combat.His combat traiing involved learning about firearms . He also spends him time in manual work so that he is fit . Yet he is not only an action hero.He has worked in the militiary police so that he has developed Sherlock Holmes skills in investigation . -LRB- Sherlock Holmes like skills because the Reacher books are not procedurals . No slow accumulation of facts and evidence . Reacher solves crimes by way of intuitive break throughs , just like old Sherlock -RRB- Most of the books have some referance point back to the army and Child the writer is cloying in his attempts to paint the United States Army in a posative light as an organisation which is on top of its game . One can imagine the pick up truck Republican crowd who are presumably the main audience for the books beaming with pride when there is some discourse in the books about the good old US army . Very limited discussion of the downside.Never the less the previous books have been effective enough as time fillers and a good read when one is going on a plane flight . This one however seems a little formulaic . Perhaps it is simply that I have read a few and the nuts and bolts of the construction has become clearer and makes it more difficult to suspend disbelief.The main problem however with this book is the end . Whilst it is perhaps a bit silly to say that it does not ring true . -LRB- It is a work of escapist fiction -RRB- It is perhaps harder to take seriously than some other of the books which appear to be better constructed . Still this is all subjective no doubt .
 I 've read about all the Jack Reacher books and I was terribly disappointed with this one . It tried to be a `` whodunnit '' and was short on the usual Reacher mayhem . That in itself is n't terrible , but this story seemed very mechanically cranked out , got awfully repetitive and after a while I really did n't care what happened . Although the ending is a big surprise , getting there was n't worth it .
 This novel had its elements , but the basic premise was so preposterous that it undid any good aspects . The `` bad guy '' all but acquired magic powers in order to carry out his crimes . -LRB- In the interest of not giving away the plot , there are some misleading terms in this review . -RRB- If this sort of thing was possible , people would be using it all the time in criminal activity , but they are n't -- because it 's not possible.In short , I did n't believe anything about this novel . The author must have been in a desperate mood during its composition -- even Reacher 's breakup was abrupt and not well explained . I wanted to read the whole series , having started out with the first one . This one makes me want to abandon the project entirely .
 I usually enjoy reading the Reacher series of books . But this one disappointed me . I know it is a fiction , but Reacher 's relationship with the FBI was unrealistic - a bit of a stretch . The ending was weak . This book could have been much shorter .
 This is the fourth of Lee Child 's Jack Reacher novels . It 's a difficult book to review for me because I thoroughly enjoy the characters , the fast paced plot , and the intrigues . As an action/mystery novel this is an outstanding book . I could barely put it down . I 've really enjoyed each of Child 's novels.Here we find Reacher getting himself into trouble once again by being in the wrong place at the wrong time and winding up smack in the middle of the hunt for a serial killer . There are many plot twists and some great false foreshadowing . The end caught me completely by surprise . Child fooled me and had me going down the wrong path of who the killer really was.The huge downturn is that the plot and set up is so farfetched and so unbelievable that it really ruined my suspension of disbelief . Granted , this sounds a little odd since most novels of this genre , including previous books in this series , have some pretty outlandish unbelievable plots . However , here Child paints an FBI that takes corruption to a level that only the most hard core conspiracy theorist could ever swallow . I think police organizations in this country , including the FBI are morally bankrupt and corrupt -- but Child goes beyond that to fantasy . What 's worse is that even if the FBI is as corrupt as what they are painted to be in the novel -- the motive of the FBI officers in this case make no sense whatsoever . In short , the setup is absurd on the grounds of logic , if nothing else . He could have written a better novel had he not take such an approach.Thus , yes I enjoyed the book -- but at the same time am irritated by it and give it poor rating .
 What can i say about a book in which i can pick out the murderer a quarter of the way through it ? I 'm used to LeCarre , Ambler , Greene , Sandford and others of far better quality . Child wants the reader to believe the FBI is run by morons . While this may be the popular view , I do n't subscribe to it and neither will countless others after they think about what this book suggests . I ca n't detail the offending matters without giving away the plot , but trust me
 The fourth book in the Reacher series lacks the action , pacing and plausibilty of the earlier novels . A careful reader sees the ending coming long before one should . Like Reacher , the book feels burdened by house , girlfriend and responsibility . Put him back on the road , before he stops being as entertaining as he was in the earlier books .
 very angry , was told by friends to purchase books through amazon , being a jack reacher follower and having read all his stories , i thought i had a new venture in running blind only to read it is the same story as THE VISITOR !! , what 's going on ? .
 An interesting idea for a crime spree , but this is one padded story with a fairly predictable `` twist '' , especially as Reacher books go . And there are some scenes that make almost ZERO sense . If you 're a Reacher addict , you 'll read it anyway . If you 're not , save your time and money .
 I started reading this series because of the film , planning on continuing up at least through the book that was adapted . The first three in the series were okay , with some creative violence , but nothing really spectacular . Running Blind , however , was really really awful.The book followed Lee Child 's Reacher pattern
 The book Running Blind is just an old Reacher book that was written years ago . I almost bought the thing because the date next to the book on Amazon was Feb 5 , 2013 . Sure looked like a new release to me ! The only way I discovered it was an old book was by going to the chronological list of Reacher books . This is sleaze at its worst . Gentlemen - you should be ashamed !
 I read this a long time ago and now I own it a second time . this is a very deceptive practice , there should have been a warning so you dont screw over your devoted fans . first Tom Cruise now this . I dont like the way Lee Child is trending here .
 I 've read 5 other Reacher books and thoroughly enjoyed them all . This one , however , was a bust . The FBI characters were absurd and the book had a very disappointing and ridiculously unrealistic killer and method for murder . When I realized what was going on in the middle of the book , I kept hoping that there was some other explanation , but the end brought disappointment with the realization I had been right all along . I would recommend skipping this book and sticking to the other Reacher titles .
 First , let me say I have read almost all of the Reacher series in a short time . Here in Thailand , I rely on used bookshops , reading well-worn copies dropped off by travelers . -LRB- Sorry Amazon , but when I 'm in the USA it 's You , baby , Only You , trust me ! -RRB- I started with the one so many people gave thumbs down to , `` Nothing to Lose '' , in which Reacher is bouncing back and forth on the plains of Eastern Colorado between the towns of Hope and Despair . The whole concept seemed pretty fresh to me , and I liked the character , so I started reading the series . Two more and I 'm a Reacher Laureate.The Visitor -LRB- aka Running Blind -RRB- is pretty lame stuff . -LRB- Believe me , I 'm a fan and hate saying bad things about the series BUT :-RRB- The FBI depicted in this book does not exist . They would not force an unwilling lone wolf -LRB- `` bum '' , actually -RRB- to work for them by coercive threats , as depicted in this book , keeping him a virtual prisoner , even though he manages to slip away and `` go Reacher '' on those who need doing . My main beef -LRB- here 's the SPOILER part , beware -RRB- is with the hypnosis element . In all of my reading on the subject , one thing comes up over and over ... a hypnotized subject will at least balk at doing something which goes against their internal moral code . Also , a post-hypnotic suggestion has a limited life . You ca n't plant a suggestion that can be triggered months or years later.That was n't much of a spoiler , really . Most people would see this shaping up early in the book . I hate writing negative reviews , and usually do n't . Lee Child has created quite a great character here , and he keeps things moving along nicely . I especially like the little details he throws in about mechanical things . If Lee Child 's name is on the spine , I 'll read the book . But this one ... I dunno .
 I am currently reading Running Blind and was thrilled to find some of the older Jack Reacher books on Amazon . Not thrilled to see an old book with a new title . Books cost too much to pay twice . I admire you Lee and would hate to see my favorite author do something that I know Jack would not think is kosher . Please rethink this issue .
 I have all of the Jack Reacher books on my Kindle . When I saw this title I thought I had missed one . Luckily I aways read some of the reviews and noticed it was retitled . Thanks to most of the reviewers , I saved a duplication . Dirty pool on the publisher . I wonder if Lee Child is aware of this .
 was all set to buy this item - then I discovered it is `` running blind '' under another name - who is responsible for this fraud on the readers - shame on them !!!!
 Running Blind is a great book , as are all of Lee Child 's books . Retitling it and selling it as The Visitor is a dirty trick on those of us always on the lookout for a new Jack Reacher book .
 This book is `` Running Blind '' under a different title . It should be illegal to sell this book . I feel so cheated .
 I was very disappointed when I realized the book , `` The Visitor '' was the same book as `` Running Blind '' . Where is the integrity and honesty ? They should be ashamed . Will make me think twice before buying another Lee Child book !!!!
 I 've read every Lee Child novel with Jack Reacher and was set to buy this one . Thank goodness I looked here and found it is just RUNNING BLIND with a new title . The one star I gave it is for the publisher . RUNNING BLIND gets five stars .
 Repackaged with the non-US title - You should pull this from sale since it the same as Running Blind . Shame on you for peaking my interest . I almost ordered it - wonder how many you will sell to folks who have already read it under the Running Blind title . Do the right thing and make it more plain that it is the non-US version . The book is great - the one star ratings is because I hate that Amazon seems to be attempting to mislead us .
 This is a very shady practice and if Amazon is truly concerned with protecting the best interests of their customers they should add an entry to their standard descriptive summary that shows the Copyright Date , as do all paper published editions.The Publishing Date alone can be more deceptive than informative . And yes , sometimes there are good reasons why copyrighted works are n't published immediately ... but at a minimum at least it gives the prospective buyer/reader a clue that this may be a repackaged edition rather than a brand new release .
 This is one of those mysteries where you keep reading to learn how the killer did it . You just know that knowing how and why will tie the whole story together . Unfortunately , Lee Child apparently did n't have a clue about how to pull everything together when he started this book . Child 's explanation might make sense in some alternate universe , but certainly not here . The ending would n't have been any less believable if the crimes had been blamed on space aliens.Others have already commented on Jack Reacher 's poor hygiene . Instead of carrying just a folding toothbrush , could n't the poor guy at least carry a duffel bag ? That would n't tie him down too much ... and he could at least have a change of underwear and socks . This should have given me a clue to what was to come ... a stinky ending .
 I double if the FBI Blake and dearfield are realistic characters . It seems really stupid . I guess the hypnotism thing when the women ca n't remember what happen . The audio book reacher sounds slow and stupid too . Also mr child style is very naggy . Kept repeating the actions . I would expect Reacher to be efficient . So it seems unrealistic too .
 The great thing about Jack Reacher novels is that they are n't really cumulative . Yes , there are some details about his personal life that carry over from one to the next , but for the most part , each novel 's plot and characters are separate and each book can be enjoyed on its own , without the preceding novels in the series . For that reason , you should seriously consider skipping this one and moving on to the next.It starts promisingly . Such mysterious murders ! The perfect crime ! Why are the victims willingly participating in a bizarre , sadistic procedure before death ? What is the actual cause of death ? And , of course , whodunit?But the murderer will be apparent early on to any seasoned reader of murder mysteries . As for the other two questions -- the death ritual and the cause of death -- both are based on fallacious psychology and medicine and are so absurd you may throw the book or even a brand new Kindle at the wall . Until now , I had thought that Lee Child was a meticulous researcher , so I 'm wondering why he thought he could use a murder technique that is beyond implausible . Apart from the hilariously bad psychology , the most essential physical element in these murders is , literally , medically impossible . You do n't need to be a scientist to know this . Anyone with common sense will Google it and realize that Child has tried to pull a fast one on them . Now I 'm wondering if his seemingly expert descriptions of firearms and other technical subjects are also nonsense.Some may want to read the novel just to find out what the ridiculous ending is . If that 's your purpose , and you go into it with low expectations , at least you wo n't be disappointed or infuriated by it . But if you want a solid , logical , satisfying ending , look elsewhere .
 A disappointing end to the book . The plot built well but ended in an almost farcicle fashion . Left me with a feeling akin to many 3rd series TV dramas where the plot just gets silly .
 I downloaded a badly formatted kindle version of the book . No indented paragraphs . No indentions at all ! I really felt cheated but I 'm new to the series so I do n't feel so bad as those who read it under a different title . This is a prime example of the publisher being greedy .
 Lee Child is disappointing . When reading his other novels , you are sometimes uncomfortable with what you suspect are cliches . In this one he writes about my home state , and it is n't simply cliche , it is absurd . He is a Brit writing about Americans with a completely biased attitude . The plot line is absurd . I wo n't bother to read any more of his Jack Reacher novels .
 Jack Reacher is the same violent loner that he was in the first , second , third ... twenty-third book . Just too much violence and the end of the book is just as silly as the end of all of the Lee Child books . Lee Child writes so well , why do n't the stories live up to the writer .
 I hated this . Read the first Reacher book a couple of weeks ago , absolutely loved it and got completely hooked . Just finished Reacher # 5 and about to download 6 . If you ask me , the first two are stunning -LRB- 5 * masterpieces -RRB- , # 3 is good but not as good -LRB- different feel to it but still interesting , 3-4 * -RRB- , but this was horrible . The CIA came across as completely unbelievable , the ` twist ' was visible a mile off , and the whole thing was based on a flawed premise -LRB- SPOILER
 Running Blind was excellent , like all of Lee Child 's books . The condition of the book was alittle less than I expected , but still very readable , not torn or pages missing .
 We have enjoyed listening to the Reacher series on unabridged audioboks . This one was on cassette tapes and they sounded like a distant echo chamber with muffled narration . In addition the story line was fluffed out with the meat being less than 40 % of the time . I believe we have heard 5 others which were much better than Running Blind and suggest you skip this one , particularly if it is a cassette audiobook .
 Lee Child has written seven novels about Jack Reacher , a former military cop with formidable combat skills . The strength of the Reacher novels is the plotting ; Child is excellent at throwing red herrings and plot reversals in to keep the reader off-guard . The results are usually effective thrillers , with plenty of action.Running Blind fails as a thriller . All of the Reacher novels , indeed just about every thriller , have inconsistencies , coincidences , or illogical behavior by the characters . In effective thrillers , the force of the plot pushes the action at such a pace that the reader does n't care about these problems . After all , no one readers a thriller for realism . Here , Child 's plot has women who were sexually harassed being killed under bizarre circumstances , with no obvious cause of death , and without the killer leaving a trace of how the crime was committed . Enough clues are given that most readers will realize who the killer is and how the killer pulls it off half way through the book . And the means used to pull it off would not be believed in a comic book . The sheer impossibility was so great that once I realized what the answer was , I skipped to the end of the book to confirm my belief , and then gave up on it . Child painted himself in a corner with this book that he had to rely on something that might have been used in the B movies of the thirties , but is ridiculous today . I suggest skipping this book and going with the rest of the series . Certainly , any one who has not read the other Reacher books should avoid this one -- they may be so put off by the absurd ending that they will not read the others and thus miss some great thrillers .
 I had high hopes for this series . I started the first novel , Killing Floor , not long ago . It was a fun read , heavy on the action and the violence , but a little light on the plot and suspense . All in all , I thought it was above average and a good start . The 2nd novel had a really odd-ball plot , but over-the-top action . Reminded me of those 80 's action movies . With the 3rd novel , the author starts going off track , and in this one , the 4th , I think he 's crashed into the ditch.The `` mystery '' is a joke . A careful reader knows who did it about 1/3rd of the way into the novel . The `` twist '' can be seen far , far in advance . Maybe when the book was written this was considered a surprise , but nowadays many other novels and movies have covered this same ground . How the murders are committed can also be guessed early on , but most readers will hold back on that line of thought since it is so improbable . Events that took place in earlier books seem to have no meaning or impact here . For example , the FBI plays a prominent role in the 2nd book . But neither Reacher nor the FBI recall events from the previous book.This book is more of a `` who did it '' novel , and less of an action packed adventure . To me , Lee Child is a much better action writer than he is a mystery writer . Reading about all of the different ways that Jack Reacher can hurt or kill people is entertaining . Reading page after page of Jack Reacher , ace MP investigator , overlooking obvious clues is frustrating and annoying.EDIT
 Okay , I 've just finished this fourth entry in the Jack Reacher series , and I 'm in a quandary . First and foremost , Lee Child is a very good writer , and although this one moves a little slower than its predecessors , it still maintained my interest -- and also `` riled me up '' a little.I think Mr. Child definitely has a poor opinion of the FBI . This is the third of the series that has some really nasty FBI agents -- bribing , blackmailing , insinuating absurdities , and even more ! -LRB- If you 've read the previous three , you will know what I mean ! -RRB- . The plot is great ; the killer 's m.o. is quite unusual and even if really far-fetched , works in that the reader never knows how the victims died ! However , I must admit , that I had the killer figured out very early . Oh , yes , Lee did try to throw us some red herrings -LRB- including the enigmatic appearance of an Army chaplain , who comes out of nowhere , and disappears back , without any explanation ! -RRB- . And maybe I 'm getting old fashioned , but come on , Jack . You have turned into a really self-centered , insensitive , self-pitying moron who refuses , yes REFUSES , to live in a civilized , realistic world . I know many readers think that Jack 's meandering all over the globe makes him a free spirit , an independent guy , no chains to hold him down . It also makes him shallow and annoying . He says he loves Jodie -- bull , Jack . You love the sex you have with her . If you really loved her , would you be so enamored with FBI agent Lisa Harper ? And all this gobbledygook about commitments and normal living , it 's just more self-centered crap focusing on your inability to live in a real world . And Child should be chastised for making Jodie the culprit in the end of the book . Oh , Jack , I had really started to like you , but even in `` Tripwire , '' I started seeing a side of you that made me respect and enjoy you less and less.You are a great detective , a remarkable physical presence , but society does n't need guys who take the law into their own hands without any moral ramifications , and a man who uses women for his immediate pleasure but just ca n't bring himself to face the truth that he is n't worth their time.Now , with that out of my system , it 's still an entertaining read , but I do n't think I 'll venture along with Jack any further . I enjoy escapist entertainment , after all , that 's what it 's all about . But do n't give me a hero who breaks all the rules and invites us to see him as a hero.Goodbye , Jack !
 ... you 'd have to be to enjoy this book . Okay , I know it 's fiction , but sooo many aspects of this book are ridiculously unbelievable . It started off with promise , but it seems as if he lost his way and just needed to finish the book . I 've read the first three in this series so far . I 'm glad I did , because if I had read this one first , I would n't have bothered with any more of his books . He 's as awesome writer and his writing style keeps you on the edge of your seat , but I fell off while reading this one ! Skip this one and move on to the next in the series . Hopefully , he recovered from his writer 's block in his subsequent novels .
 Weak plot , thin characters , repetitive action . I 'm sorry , but I actually believe that you can write action and still challenge your readers just a little bit -LRB- and though even more than that would be desirable I do n't always expect it -RRB- . As with the previous Reacher book I read , this one takes us around the US -LRB- did Mr. Child have a past as a geography teacher ? -RRB- , this time hunting down a serial killer . So smart is this Reacher that he has figured out the answer around the middle of the book and his childish `` just-won ` t-tell-because-I 'm - smarter-than-you '' is probably intended to keep you glued to the book but frankly it 's a cheap turn-off . The fact that all the characters , especially the FBI agents that he loves to hate , are one-dimensional stereotypes does n't make the young blonde special agent he 's partnering up with particularly attractive despite multiple reminders that she is or is n't wearing a bra -LRB- apparently depending on whether or not her plan today is to seduce Reacher or not -RRB- . Not even the contemplating of whether or not , and ultimately why , to sell his house does n't really give him much depth . Nice try , but try again.The only thing I will comment on regarding the plot -LSB- spoiler alert ! -RSB- is voluntarily swallowing your tongue because you are under hypnosis . Oh , gim me a break!Due to the many positive reviews for Lee Child and his Reacher series I bought 3 books . The first was readable . This one , the second , kills time , at best . It will be a while until I read number 3 . If you are looking for good entertainment , look elsewhere .
 I started on Lee Child 's books with audio CDs in my car . Bad Luck and Hard Times introduced me to Jack Reacher amid other characters of Delta 10 . As I advanced through the novels that came after that , I could see that Reacher had an interesting history that kept reappearing in many of the books . Some , like One Shot , The Enemy , and 61 Hours , were amazingly strong . I decided around Christmas to get those earlier books in the series to see how it all started . The Killing Floor showed me Reacher 's connection to his brother , and it revealed that he was not always the existential hulk , big on principles and cold on consequences . I could see that Child had empathy , an interest in bad guys and what made them tick , and knew how to keep the story moving forward . Each book explored new territory , and each brought Reacher back to rediscovering an America he never knew growing up and helping small town Americans rediscover the values they had traded for entitlement and a life cut off from a concern for others . But , with Running Blind , Child seems to be stuck and running blind , himself . He moves into pure mystery , one designed to look at sexuality , Reacher 's present relationship that forces him to consider settling down or moving on , and what are his personal priorities . But , to accomplish this , he gives us a novel where the killer is obvious from the beginning and the only way to keep his readers from knowing this all along is to throw cooked-up red herrings in their path . Then , he attributes bumbling attitudes to people who do n't deserve to be slighted so easily just to make Reacher an outsider rather than the one who leaves everyone wondering , `` Who was that masked man ? '' To , then , rename the book as The Visitor has repeated the error of getting Child 's readers excited by something that is not what it seems . Let 's be happy that the real novels that have followed have brought us a hero that addresses our need to straighten our spines , increase our empathy , and bulk up our principles to deal with the problems facing us today .
 I was very disappointed to find when I started reading the book that I had already read it under another title .
 What woman finds a man who does n't use toothpaste , deoderant , or clean underwear , and never changes clothes attractive ? Maybe a cave woman . I could n't enjoy the book thinking of the poor people in a car or on a plane with the reeking Jack . The ending with him , of course , with a single crashing blow breaking the neck of the killer and the F.B.I. saying `` now we own you '' , well this part was n't even a one star . The book had a lot of potential , but was disappointing .
 Give me a break . I like Mr. Child 's Reacher so I 'm willing to suspend quite a bit of disbelief to get a good read . But the idea of the FBI threatening to let some mob person beat up your girlfriend if you do n't serve them and then keeping you in a locked room while you 're helping them ? Hello Mr. Attorney General ? Hello CNN ? I do n't think that 's going to be happening in America . Not to mention them standing around watching as Reacher beat up a couple of hoods while under surveillance . I 'm sure that broke a few laws too . Pull the other leg please.And then we have the MO. . Please . I doubt that scenario could be pulled off once much less four times . And I have no doubt whatsoever that it could n't be accomplished without the victim thrashing around and getting paint on the floor . Certainly would n't be a quite , peaceful death.And if Jack does n't start changing his clothes and practicing some better hygiene all his women are going to be singing is Hit the Road , Jack ... OK , I 'll have to say that even with one preposterous thing after another I still read every word . Mr. Child is a talented writer and I look forward to continuing improvement as he puts Jack through his paces . Maybe I should have given this one three stars afterall .
 I would like to get my money back from Amazon.com . I paid out the price of the book plus postage , only to find that this was the English version of Running Blind that I had already bought from Amazon.com.How about it Amazon.com ? To me , this looks like false advertising when you sell the same book with different titles.The Visitor -LRB- Jack Reacher , No. 4 -RRB-
 I 'm not going to give anything away , but I had this one solved very early in the book . How could the great Jack Reacher and the FBI not be able to figure out this mystery ? Honestly , it felt like Lee Child phoned this one in . I hope number five is better .
 This 4th book started good with the killer talking but it went downhill from there . The storyline was slow & boring . The killer & the victims was dumb . It had no action at all . This is the worst book I read in this series so far . THE KILLING FLOOR , DIE TRYING , & TRIPWIRE is worth buying but do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 This was probably one of the most sloppy , disappointing and lazy books ever ! One can appreciate the originality of the author 's idea -LRB- there is great potential there -RRB- , and I can see what Lee Child was trying to achieve , however , the manner in which he achieves is preposterous at best . Do n't blame him . Blame his editor.There are so many things that do n't make sense with the plot that you lose count after the first 50 pages . And to make matters worse , the book contains very little suspense . Chapter after chapter nothing much happens , except characters going around in circles , waiting . There is a deadline to aim for and people are dying or are in mortal danger but the protagonists are content to sit around and admit they 've run out of ideas without making the slightest effort to think of something else . The manner in which Jack Reacher is brought into the story is bizarre and non-sensical . And perhaps the one thing that really is bothersome is the manner in which the author treats the FBI agents . Reacher is the anti-establishment . That is clear . And you ca n't get much more establishment than the FBI , but to portray all of them -LRB- except one , whose only role is to fawn over Reacher 's manly prowess -RRB- as criminal and stupid , is lazy.The whole book betrays signs of laziness on the part of the author . The most blatant example being his complete lack of background or even interest in criminal profiling . He did n't do his homework and he covers it up with weak and silly arguments . And if he could n't bother to work and develop a proper plot , action and suspense , at least he could have developed characters . Instead , these people are not even two-dimensional . They 're one-dimensional , mere shadows . Heck , Reacher himself barely reaches two-dimensions . Bad , bad , bad ! It 's a good thing I did n't read the book on a flight or else I would have jumped out for sure .
 This is the same book as ` Running Blind ' . If you own that title , -LRB- good book , by the way -RRB- , do n't waste your money on this .
 This book is Running Blind sold under another title . Fortunately I read the preview of the first chapters and realized this before spending my money.Running Blind -LRB- Jack Reacher , No. 4 -RRB-
 This is the fourth or fifth `` Jack Reacher novel I have read and I enjoyed the others far more . I ca n't help thinking that this was actually Lee Child 's first Jack Reacher novel that he had n't been able to get published earlier , because there is a much more unpolished style to the writing and plotting . More glaringly , Reacher himself seems less mature as a person and we are to believe that he really would go weeks without a change of clothes or a shave , with no one complaining about the smell , and beautiful women still drawn to him.If this was n't sophomoric and jarring enough , somehow Reacher has forgotten that all he has to do to get his FBI blackmail problem to go away is to call the head of the FBI and tell him about it . If this is really book four in the last couple of years in `` Die Trying '' Reacher has bailed out the FBI by rescuing a high level FBI agent and saving the FBI from a huge embarrassing scandal . We are somehow to believe that he does n't remember this.In `` Die Trying '' , FBI agents are appropriately quite bright and only realistically misled from within . In this book we are to believe that even in a high end Serial Killer task force unit , they are inflexible and totally unable to even consider a new idea from a man they blackmailed into helping them . This is as ridiculous as the murder method is impossible.You can see in this book the seeds of an excellent writer and if you let yourself go can be carried along for quite awhile -LRB- and I can forgive phony red herrings like the office in the Pentagon scene -RRB- , but this is neither the quality of character or of plotting I have come to expect from Lee Child . This is a first novel kind of effort , not the polished output of a `` Best Seller '' quality writer.If this is your first Reacher book skip this one completely and start with `` Killing floor '' . If not , jump to book five and let this one gather dust on the shelves as Lee Child 's worst and probably first effort .
 This is the fourth Reacher novel I 've read and they 've steadily gone downhill from ` Killing Floor ' . From Lee Child not knowing diddly-squat about the military life Reacher purports to come from to the unbelievable string of coincidences in the storyline , Child totally stretches the realm of credibility.Jack Reacher is coerced in to leading a FBI investigation of several murders , and all the while the FBI steadfastly refuses to entertain any of his ideas . If that is n't bad enough for Reacher , the FBI is persistently trying to blackmail and pin crimes on him . Of course , that can not stop our hero , Reacher , from solving the murders . Heck , he even gets all the girls , but just temporarily.I guess what really turned me off about this book was that
 I bought this with the two ` Soft Target ` novels by Conrad Jones -LRB- electric thrillers ! -RRB- only to find that the storyline seemed way to familiar to be a Reacher book that I hadnt already read ... low and behold it is the same as Visitor but renamed and rebound ... not very fair really on Lee Child fans ... there is no mention on the cover of either book that they are the same ... which is naughty to say the least.Good job my two other purchases were brilliant !!
 The first book I read of Child 's was Without Fail . The book was brilliant with a wicked main character and plot . I immediately went searching for more . Other reviews have pressed the notion that Reacher 's vagrant style is slightly unrealistic and anti-civilization . Although I 'd agree that in Running Blind -LRB- aka the Visitor -RRB- Reacher 's near sightedness when it came to his living was rather annoying , in the other books I liked it . It added to Reacher 's personality and his character.However , Child has begun to take Reacher 's need to isolate himself way too far . Running Blind made Reacher come off as slightly self centered and a rendition of the loose cannon hitman in the movie The Protector.I do n't have as much respect for the plot of Running Blind as I did the other books -LRB- especially Without Fail -RRB- . It was predictable and highly unrealistic -LRB- in the sense of motive and killer -RRB- . I felt like the book built up so much and then just bombed completely in the end delivery.Child has established his pattern . Reacher meets girl . Eventually has sex with her . Kills some bad guys . Girl gets killed -LRB- or they split up undoubtably never to see each other again -RRB- . It would be nice to see Reacher with the same woman for more than one book . Or to have him settle down even a little . Although it seems that this is the event which Child seems driven to never let happen.One other thing that bothered me in RB more than it did in other books was that it seemed to me Child used a lot of shorter sentences in clusters . ie Reacher sat down . It was raining . Got up and opened the closet . Pulled on his coat and shut the door.It seemed more pronounced in this book , but maybe it 's just me.It is a little hard that Without Fail was my first book . It set such high standards for the following reads , but I 'll still read the remaining books . I have faith that there 's at least one more great book in Child 's line .
 My sole and only problem with this book is that fact that it 's a big mystery ... that I figured out less than a third of the way into the book . All you have to do is ask yourself the right question about what seems to be going on at the right time , and both the ultimate motive and the perpetrator are obvious.Otherwise , the book is competently written and the protagonist engaging . Child also steps away from the previous book where he gave Jack a wish-fulfillment ending that threatened to remove all of his character .
 This is my fourth Reacher novel and the lone wolf business is wearing a little thin . I am halfway through the book and struggling . Our anti-hero has yet to change his clothes and must be getting a bit ripe . Normally , this would n't be an issue , writers are not required to notify readers every time a character changes clothes -- it 's assumed . But , since the author makes a major deal out of Reacher traveling only with a toothbrush -LRB- fold-up , no less -RRB- , it becomes an issue . I find myself waiting for Reacher to launder his clothes , or as is his custom , throw them away and buy new ones . Other irritants
 Although Child takes the reader on an interesting ride that keeps him from putting the book down , much of the book is a bit over the top . After exciting the reader throughout the book , Child disappoints with an unrealistic half - baked ending resulting in a poor rating .
 I am a huge fan of the Jack Reacher novels , but this one is by far my least favorite . Not believable in the least .
 On this book I have to get personal . I read five books of Lee Child 's , this being the sixth . The others I would all rate four or five , this one is bad . What makes it bad ? Well , I had selected the perp but as I continued reading I became confused . Good writer 's share the protagonist 's knowledge of the crime as it develops with the reader but in this case Child definitely tries to insert false clues . He uses italic type when he switches from Reacher 's point of view , I will give him credit for that , he does use third person view point for one of his other characters but then inserts second person point of view for yet another , and I assume he thinks he is playing fair with the reader . We are supposed to know these two italicized inserts are two different people ? How many people would know that ? Not only that , they are so smoothly inserted I admit I was confused , thought they were the same and was forced to change my choice of perp . When the new one was unfrocked I had to admit I should have known , but that was only because I had taken creative writing courses . I would not think the ordinary reader would note the change in point of view , even I had to go back over the inserts and see that he really did maintain the point of view between the two . I felt cheated , and stupid . The story was interesting , why did he feel he had to use the inserts ? They were not essential to the plot line except to confuse the reader . I still have nine Reacher stories to read , I hope I do not encounter this type of writing again .
 About 1/3 of the way into this book it 's painfully obvious who the killer is . It could n't be that obvious right ? It had to be a red herring right ? Well , it was n't . I finished the book simply so that I could see if I 'd been right . Throughout the whole book obvious red flags should have ... WOULD have caught the attention of any characters with enough brain power to scramble eggs . It 's as if Jack Reacher 's IQ is the only one high enough to add two and two together . This is a DUMB book .
 I have read several of the Lee Child 's `` Jack Reacher '' novels and enjoyed them . Up until now . Child creates great characters -LRB- Reacher being preeminent -RRB- and has a talent for great individual scenes . His endings tend to be a bit clumsy , but I 've forgiven that in the past for the joy of the ride . I ca n't do it with this one . The solution on this one , re . how the murders are committed , is so absurd that it has effectively ended my interest in the series . I figured out the probable solution early on during the book , but I kept telling myself I must be wrong as such a solution would be ridiculous . Unfortunately the ridiculous solution was the solution . I apologize for mentioning the ending without going into detail as to what it was and what specifically was wrong with it , but there 's no way to do this without being a `` spoiler '' and I do n't want to mess up the -LRB- already bad -RRB- ending for people who do choose to buy the book . If you like Lee Child , please continue to read him but know that he has done better work than this .
 I 'm extremely disappointed in the fact that this was a `` retitled '' book . I use Kindle and could n't figure out why it was n't offered and was considering buying a hard copy -- Another copy . While I can not wait to read the next true offering of the Reacher series I guess I 'll have to consider this and all purchases as suspect . What a poor policy .
 While fairly well-written for the thriller genre , this book contains some of the worst use of psychology I have ever encountered since the early '40s , when people really believed that hypnosis was this terrifying , all-powerful technique that could drive anyone to do anything . However , the science has since then progressed and even we the hoi poloi now know better . The most cursory research should have informed this author of the basic unsoundness of his murder method . His insistence on its use grated on my nerves and utterly destroyed any enjoyment I may have derived from the book . Characters are badly fleshed-out , awkwardly motivated , and flatter than a stack of pancakes . I guessed the murder 's identity and the murder method one-third way through the book , thought to myself , Nah , it 's too ridiculous , flipped to the end and Lo , I was right ! What a waste of time .
 I strongly suggest that anyone who contemplates buying this book on the basis of the strong overall rating go immediately to the one-star ratings for a dose of reality -- and nevermnd the fact that they contain spoilers.Those slashing reviews point out many of the outrageous faults of this book . I shall therefore limit myself to just two areas.Jack Reacher is a totally immature , highly disfunctional , neurotic thug who , for some wholly elusive reason , seems to be irresistibly attractive to most women . The fact that he owns just one set of clothes which he NEVER changes over the whole course of the book and for heaven knows how long before the book starts and after it closes strikes me as making that attractiveness more than slightly improbable -- but , hey , maybe some women like a man whom they can smell before they can see.The killer 's identity is painfully obvious about half-way through the book , not from any logical analysis -- for their is no logic here -- but from the endlessly unnecessary prominence given to the character , that character 's relationships and that character 's motives . If that is not bad enough , the killer 's overall plan is an ancient wheeze that was executed with infinitely more skill by Agatha Christie in `` The ABC Murders . '' Finally , worst , is the actual method of killing , for which I have just one word
 Running Blind is a definite step up from TRIPWIRE , which absolutely stunk , but that 's still not saying much for this book.Frequent readers of this genre will figure out the motive , the method and the identity of the killer hundreds of pages before Jack Reacher and the entire FBI do . Sure I was momentarily distracted by some of the red herrings Child threw at me , not the ridiculous appearance of an Army chaplain from out of the blue towards the end , that was just lame.KILLING FLOOR and DIE TRYING remain my favorites in this series . The Jack Reacher character is getting annoying by now with his steadfast refusal to own anything that does n't fit in his pockets . That includes any changes of clothes ! Jack just sleeps in the buff and lets his clothes air out to wear day in and day out . I 'm about the same size as Jack , six foot five and 260lbs , and believe me , if I did n't change clothes daily there is no way bra-less FBI agents or gorgeous Wall St. lawyers would be throwing themselves at me . Not that they do anyway , but that 's another story.I may pick up another Jack Reacher story in the future but only if I can find it in my local library where I found this title . While these stories are mildly entertaining , they simply are n't worth the money .
 Save yourself some time
 I 'm a big Reacher fan , and if you 're going to read them all - read this one . If you 're just looking for a single book to read , and heard about how awesome Reacher is -LRB- which he is -RRB- pick another one .
 A Racey book , which did not compel me to read on and finish.Found the character bold in some instances , and in others , weak
 Hoping for an exciting read with this , my first Lee Child mystery . Unfortunately you do n't always get what you hoped for . Every aspect of this story is poorly thought out . I 'm as willing as the next person to suspend reality for the sake of an exciting storyline , but this is too implausible to be ignored . Buy a John Sandford novel instead .
 This is shockingly bad considering the first 3 Reacher books.Three main problems :1 . Reacher is completely infallible compared to everyone else . It 's bad enough that his chest is bulletproof , but in this book an MP is smarter than everyone at the FBI . The Behavioral Science Unit is not perfect , but they are certainly smart . This idea that Reacher is the only intelligent person is ridiculous . Consider the scene where he tells the profiler/hypnotist extraordinaire that what she calls ` profiling ' he calls ` common sense . ' So , that means that although the art/science of profiling took years and years of refining , failure , attempts and effort , our little MP-turned-Navy Seal-turned Sherlock Holmes-turned Clarice Starling has the same investigative abilities because of ... common sense . He is n't superman , do n't make him out to be . By the middle of the book I hated Reacher , hated what happened to character and was legitimately rooting for him to be wrong at every turn .2 . Learn the absolute most basic , fundamental information about hypnosis before writing a ham-fisted Manchurian Candidate plot . Ridiculous .3 . The `` just in time '' ending is preposterous . Like a bad episode of Criminal Minds without the attractive people to look at . If you ca n't find a way to get Reacher/Harper in the same area as the murder fluidly , then do n't do it . Let the murder happen and go about your business . The contrived deus ex machina of Reacher keeping things to himself so no one else can be involved and go check on the victim first is nonsense.Don ' t buy this book . Really . For the reasons above , and others , it is a weak , contrived book showing how the author 's work must suffer when he cranks these out so quickly . Personally , I 'm giving Reacher and Child one more shot . Unfortunately , I expect that Reacher learns to fly and becomes omnipotent in the next book changing this from some decent thriller fare to out and out superhero-fantasy .
 I read a lot , and some fraction of what I read is junk , but this book goes way past my junk tolerance level . Jack Reacher , the central character , is a mere cartoon . Some of the blurbs in the paperback edition compared Reacher to Dave Robicheaux or Spenser or Travis McGee , but each of these guys has a real , complex personality . Reacher just never comes alive . And it 's hard to see how he could . He inhabits a book devoid of a single believable situation or person . It 's an action comic for ten-year-olds , translated to prose .
 I do n't know much about the military or the FBI , but whoever is teaching Lee Child psychology needs to be reprimanded . I 'm not a total expert in that , either , just a BA , but anybody who 's had a year or two of psych knows that that is NOT how hypnosis works . I 'm afraid that completely ruined this book for me . I read it through , but since I already knew who the bad guy was -LRB- in what was surely the most telegraphed foreshadowing I 've ever seen -RRB- , and I knew the manner of killing was completely unrealistic , it was hard for me to get into it . Thrillers are cool because they * could * be true -- there was just no way this premise could be true , that 's all.I do n't ask much out of thrillers . Consistency and coherence and some modicum of real-world fact -- that 's all I want .
 with the reviewer who wrote `` Did I miss something . Two books ago , Jack saves an FBI agent who just happens to be the daughter of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and grand daughter to the President . In that book Reacher came in contact with the head of the FBI and Chairman of the JCS . So now I am to believe to get Reacher to work for them -LRB- FBI -RRB- they threaten his girl-friend . What world does the author live in , in the real world one call to the agent he saved would have heads rolling ... `` Reading `` Die Trying '' -LRB- the book referenced above -RRB- ruined this book for me . -LRB- Not to mention the far-fetched way the killer kills his victims . -RRB-
 ... with R. H. Oakley 's review , which said in part , `` Enough clues are given that most readers will realize who the killer is and how the killer pulls it off half way through the book . And the means used to pull it off would not be believed in a comic book . The sheer impossibility was so great that once I realized what the answer was , I skipped to the end of the book to confirm my belief , and then gave up on it . `` I 'm halfway through now , and having figured out the ridiculous ending , I simply have no further interest in this book . I give it two stars because the first third held my interest and promised an interesting denouement . But once you realize who is guilty and why - and above all , how it 's being done - you will probably decide , as I did , that the book just is n't worth finishing.Incidentally , does this author do any research , about anything , ever ? He does not know the first thing about police procedure , criminal profiling , the FBI , or the military . Sheesh !
 This book falls far short of other books , such as Tripwire , which i could not put down . The book , Running Blind , is spongy , weak , lots of gaps of what is certainly not even close to possible reality . Hope the next one I read by him is up to his previous quality .
 This was not the strongest entry in this series . Personally I figured out who had done it and the motive by page 87 . The red herrings were not believable in the context so they just screamed out that they were artificially inserted to confuse the readers .
 Up until `` Running Blind '' I thought that Lee Childs ' books were the best thing to happen in the genre since the death of Alistair Maclean . I read this one in a single day and was intrigued until the last 4 chapters . I kept hoping that Childs ' untracable `` murder weapon '' would turn out to be something original and clever . Instead it is based on an old myth that holds no truth , no I will not give it away , but expect to be disappointed . I wish that Childs ' had done a little more research since his whole premise is based on something that research has showed to be impossible . The writing and the characters are so clever and interesting that to be honest I feel cheated . I feel like I have read an Agatha Christie novel all the way through , only to be told at the end ... `` The butler did it . ''
 I enjoyed the previous Jack Reacher books - except for the author 's irritating use of the word `` guy '' . The plots were intricate , yet -LRB- almost -RRB- believable . Good movie material . This one , however , was stupid . OK , I 'm not a citizen of the U.S.A. , and in fact I have never been there . But really - the F.B.I. threatening and blackmailing Reacher ? the F.B.I. shredding the Constitution in order to compel one retired MP into helping them ? No . Never . Not in a thousand years . Child , it seems , has Reached the end of Reacher . The plot 's flimsy , the story 's unbelievable , the writing ... Childish .
 I followed the advice of another reader and flipped to the last few pages to confirm what I 'd suspected . Why waste any more time?A ridiculous plot full of one-dimensional characters led by Jack Reacher and his folding toothbrush.And then there are the errors . Aside from converting Fort Dix into a Marine base , Jack manages to travel from New York State to Virginia without driving through Delaware -LRB- goes straight from New Jersey to Maryland -RRB- . And while riding in New Jersey , he sees Pennsylvania on his right . Impossible.The book might be better titled `` Driving Blind . ''
 This one was a little less cookie-cutter than his usual , but was much sillier.AUDIO
 Lee Child is my favorite author -LRB- hence my last name `` Reacher '' -RRB- , and I am sure you can read all the other reviews to see what this is about . I think the only reason I dont give this book a 1 is because Lee Child wrote it . There is n't the action represented in the first three books . Reacher takes the long way of finding out who the bad guy is when it is staring him in the face . My favorite kind of book has me guessing who the killer is throughout the whole thing . The author should make me change my mind a million times , until i finally settle on one person , who turns out to be wrong -LRB- As Child does in his previous three books -RRB- . I had the bad guy pinned within the first 150 pages , and nothing after that gave me any reason to doubt my hypothesis . If you are looking for a great suspense author , you have found him , but dont waste your time with this book . I suggest his first three .
 I recently bought this item after reading the review for this book . I found this to be a mistake . I am an engineer by trade , and I found myself reading old school books so I could understand what this book was talking about . This book covers a wide variety of information and is difficult to read . This is not a book for the layman ...
 My husband is a vegan who got this book as a gift . If you do not enjoy foods with strong spices , or different ethnic foods , this is not a book for you . As a non-vegan , I was expecting the vegan foods to try to closely imitate the tastes of their non-vegan equivalents . This is not the case and it left me quite disappointed .
 I am a relatively new vegan . This is the first cookbook I purchased after much research . My first recipe from this book was `` Tempeh and Eggplant Moussaka . '' I followed Ms. Robertson 's instructions to a T. Two packages of tempeh do NOT simmer in 1/4 C of tomato paste mixed with 1/2 C of dry white wine . Not enough liquid . I doubled her amounts of each and it barely simmered . I continued on with the recipe , dubiously . Her last instruction to `` bake until hot and bubbly '' was never going to happen because even with the `` sauce '' topping , there was n't enough liquid . It was a very time-consuming dish that ended up dry and rather tasteless . I am very disappointed and a little angry , frankly , after reading all the glowing reviews here on Amazon . Are you all paid to say these things ? **** I was so upset , I wrote to the author . She responded IMMEDIATELY with deepest apologies and a promise that she is rechecking the recipe . Proofreading ai n't what it used to be , folks ! She told me about another typo on p. 37 of this book
 Everything I made was mediocre at best and there are so many other vegan cookbooks out there that I got rid of this one after it sat unused for years so that I could make room for better vegan cookbooks . Do n't waste your money , get Vegan with a Vengeance and Veganomicon and start from there .
 I found this book largely disappointing . The savory dishes I tried were uniformly bland . I made it a practice to double the spices , and still found them bland . I tried one dessert , a fruit cobbler , which contained an unfortunate typo . -LRB- do not put 2/3 cup sugar in the fruit , they are supposed to get only 2 tbsp -RRB- This cost me a large amount of fairly expensive fruit , plus an extra helping of frustration.Those looking for a comprehensive vegan cookbook would do better with `` Veganomicon . '' I also like `` Vegan with a Vengeance . ''
 This book may have a lot of good information about being vegan , which I appreciate wholeheartedly , but so far I have tried 3 recipes and they are all very juvenile and extremely plain . For example , I tried the Tempeh Simmered with Tomatoes and Sauerkraut on pg . 346 . This was so boring tasting I could n't finish it . Then I tried the Three-Way Sesame-Coated Tofu Strips and Spicy Broccoli on pg . 341 . The tofu was not marinated in the least and the tahini sauce with sesame seeds , ended up falling off and practically burning in the pan before the cooking time was done . The `` spicy '' broccoli was just steamed broccoli with chili flakes thrown in . I could have thought of that myself.There seem to be a lot of reviews that are positive on this book , so maybe I just ended up with the dud recipes . But should n't every recipe be a good one if you go to the trouble to publish a book about them?I would just hate for newborn vegans to try these recipes and think `` yuk ! vegan-eating is for the birds ! `` Vegans do NOT have to settle for plain boring food choices.How do I know?Try this book
 I will start by saying that I am a Star Wars junkie -LRB- action figures , books , posters , t-shirts , I am considering a rehab program -RRB- . I also have a basic knowledge of Buddism -LRB- I am not a Buddist , but I understand the basic principles and have read a book or two and been to a couple of lectures -RRB- . That being said when I saw this book I immediately wanted to read it . I thought it would give more body to the conclusions and parallels that I had already drawn . It did n't . In fact all it did was point out all the observations I had already made . This , of course , made me feel quite clever , but that was n't really why I had bought the book.The writing is good and sound , but I found it to be quite elementary and very bogged down with Star Wars vocabulary -LRB- if it 's too much for me it 's a lot -RRB- . It was almost as if the writer was trying to impress me with his knowledge of Star Wars , not gon na happen.I would recommend this for a young Star Wars fan , whose parents want them to stop reading comic books . For anyone over the age of 17 I would recommend reading a introduction to Buddism , watching the movies again , and making your own observations . You would probably enjoy it a lot more , and learn a lot more .
 It was insightful , but not what I was hoping for . It did not go into detail of how to draw characters , so if you are a beginner , buy a different book that specifically addresses the issue of how to draw the people . This was more trying to get you started drawing a whole manga book -- backgrounds , comic boxes , and equipment .
 This book spends far more time telling us what kind of materials are needed and where to buy them/how to use them , than it does `` how '' to draw manga . I want to learn what characteristics make a successful manga figure , not how to produce a manga comic book . I did not feel this book was very useful - there is only one useful page , for example , discussing eyes , and it simply has 4 sets of `` boys ' eyes '' and 4 of `` girls ' eyes . `` I do n't consider this a `` how to draw '' book but rather a `` how to get started making manga books with all the appropriate materials . '' Give me a black marker and some colored pencils and I 'm happy . This book is n't worth it .
 Of the three books that have been published about `` The Fugitive '' television series -LRB- my favorite of all time -RRB- , this one I would rate as the most flawed . `` The Fugitive Recaptured '' by Ed Robertson and `` The Official Fan 's Guide to The Fugitive '' by Mel Proctor are both much better.Cooper 's book is largely a series of summaries of each of the 120 episodes in the four-year series . The problem is that careless factual errors pop up again and again . And I am basing this on checking the summaries of only the 60-odd episodes -LRB- just slightly over half the total -RRB- that I 'm familiar with . Who knows about the others!For example in Episode 27 , `` Never Stop Running , '' the author does n't even get the name right for the character played by Claude Akins . He said it was Jim , when in fact it was Ralph . In Episode 63 , `` Crack in a Crystal Ball , '' in which a wife of a phony clairvoyant drives Kimble to a certain destination , Cooper says , `` She leads him -LRB- Kimble -RRB- to believe that she is in trouble and asks him for help ... They arrive at the agreed-upon location , but Mrs. Mitchell tips off Kimble and he escapes before the police arrive . '' Wrong . She drove Kimble because she said she had a lead on the whereabouts of the one-armed man . SHE was the one doing the helping -LRB- or so she claimed -RRB- . She also did not tip him off . She just dropped Kimble off and drove away . He learned about the trap from a friend on the phone.Sometimes the errors are small , but they still count as errors . In Episode 25 , `` Taps for a Dead War , '' the book says , `` The police arrive . Joe and Millie hide Kimble in the house . '' I just saw that episode recently on video . In fact , he hides behind a tree outside.Perhaps the most egregious example of an inaccurate summary is Episode No. 53 , `` The Survivors , '' -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- in which Kimble secretly visits his financially troubled in-laws . The book first says Kimble wanted to help them find `` a savings passbook , part of his wife 's effects . '' In fact , what he was looking for was any information recorded on paper about a forgotten bank account . Eventually they find some hand-written notes inside a regular book . Cooper also says that Kimble 's father in law `` believes him innocent . '' Actually the father in law is uncertain.When asked about his opinion on Kimble 's guilt , he says , `` I do n't know . '' Also Cooper says that at the end of the story `` Mrs. Waverly -LRB- is -RRB- now thinking that perhaps Kimble is not guilty of murdering her daughter after all . '' There is no hint of this in the story . The ONLY reason Mrs. Waverly helped Kimble was because she was trying to heal her damaged relationship with her daughter.Another example
 There are lots of good arguments against the widespread use of non-family childcare where there is not enough individual attention provided for young children to develop properly . This is not one of them.This is a pop-psychology mish-mash with a very weird political agenda behind it . I wasted several days reading hoping that something would give it merit . In the end it was just time wasted . And this is coming from someone who agrees with the basic concepts ! Yeah , it 's that bad .
 I have used many guidebooks for hiking and have been to Israel four times and can say without a doubt that this book is a VERY VERY VERY big dissappointment . It looks and reads like many other hiking guidebooks but has obviously not been `` field tested '' very carefully . It leaves out many necessary details . I hope a newer edition would come out to correct the faults since I know of no other book covering this subject on the market at this time . If you buy it because you ca n't find anything else on this topic , use it `` gingerlly '' . I used it in the Golan area and was NOT a `` happy camper '' . Good luck .
 I have read the book and found it quite intresting ... but ... the reviews that it gives sound to good of what the hike really is.Since it is really the only book out there for the somewhat good hikes in Israel , it might be an only choice.My advice is to ask around for the good hikes and updates on the hikes listed in the book -LRB- which some are not practical , since they gave back some of the hiking areas -RRB- ... ask a native they know the best
 I always liked Davids first books and was looking forward to reading the 2 end times books he wrote but his proof text is all old Testament and has NOTHING to do with America in fact the verses he used was spoken by the prophets for Israel only and not the Church . It has taken a real strong man to do what he has in the past sometimes just him and God but now that he older the same conviction of his teaching are making him unteachable and I fear just stuck in his own ideals . If you really want to know what going to happen to the world just stick to reading the book of Revelation . I threw his 2 books on the end times in the trash can so no one would be miss lead by them .
 Mr. Wilkerson is , as far as I can tell , a decent and sincere Christian man . This book , however , is a strange trip into whacko-land ! The Bottom Line
 I bought and read this book when it first came out some years ago . I hoped that it would be a follow-up to Wilkerson 's book , The Vision - I was disappointed . Although a call to holiness is good -LRB- it will produce a wonderful and peaceful life -RRB- , it is Jesus ' holiness and righteousness bought with His precious blood that covers the Church - not our performance . No one is going to get any approval from God through performance -LRB- e.g. , constant repentings , altar calls , tithes , fastings , prayer marathons , and other gimmicks - too many to mention here -RRB- . It is trusting and -LRB- get this -RRB- BELIEVING that the blood -LRB- and nothing else -RRB- is enough . Through Grace we no longer act from fear and liability but from love and responsibility . We evangelical Christians need to forget about the old testament and move into the new one if we are going to convince others that our Jesus is `` The Real Deal . ''
 It 's amazing how wretched a person becomes after making previous false prophecies -LRB- The Vision -RRB- , and not being repentant of them.Wilkerson in this book takes so many OT prophecies of judgment , and applies them to America who he says will be destroyed in a nuclear holocoust . He takes OT -LRB- and NT -RRB- prophecy after prophecy after prophecy out of context and constantly applies them to America . He see 's America as Babylon -LRB- as many do , but well as bad as America is , it 's not sound doctrine . -RRB- This book has a great call to holiness ... however as much as I believe in holiness , Wilkerson goes beyond holiness to straight out legalism . Wilkerson somehow ends up mixing this `` book of prophecy '' that he has written with his opinion.He tries to show folks that all Christians who watch any tv -LRB- or even own one -RRB- are idolaters -LRB- and indeed , it is an idol to some -RRB- , and that all rock music -LRB- and I do mean all -RRB- is satanic , and is straight from Hell . And remember , Wilkerson wrote this book quite a few years ago , when TV had some decent programming on it . Remember show 's on TGIF -LRB- on ABC -RRB- like `` Full House '' or `` Family Matters '' -LRB- that show with Steve Erkel -RRB- . I guess all those shows were and are abominations.Of course , false prophets & legalist often seem to forget the truth that is taught in the scriptures ... sanctify all things by means of the Word of God , and prayer ... Wilkerson - like in his other books , is above accountability . He has the `` I do n't care what you say , this is what God says '' attitude . Granted , I believe in the authority of geniune prophecy , and modern prophets that still speak `` thus says the Lord ... '' , but none are above accountability . Wilkerson says some very good things , but in his books he makes it clear that he will not hear anything against what he says is the word of the Lord , even though it is him speaking - not the Lord.If you are like me , you will have a difficult time getting past half way in this book , it 's just so crammed with false doctrine it 's sad . Mature Christians will probably find their spirits grieved after reading this book .
 From a European point of view it is interesting to see how American Christianity tries to deal with its weaknesses and sins . For over a century many of the world most influential revivals and missionary movements have originated in the US . The results are the salvation , healing and discipling of literally millions across its borders . One just has to wonder what the world would have looked like without the American Christians who no doubt have many weaknesses and sins . Just like anywhere else in the world and in church history , by the way . The main question is
 Throw rational thinking right out the window if you want to like anything Wilkerson writes these days . After reading his earlier book , `` the Vision , '' you 'd think he 'd have learned that his ability to prophesy the future was non-existent . But no , having learned nothing from the errors he made there , he 's back to try again . This time he tells us that America will soon -LRB- note
 This book was recommended reading during my studies on interior design , so I bought it without really looking into it . I was disappointed . Maybe I expected too much , maybe the title misled me , but it seemed very much based on thumbnail sketches and it was n't what I was looking for . It is a thin little book full of rough pencil sketches that you could easily lose down the back of the sofa ! -LRB- in a nutshell -RRB- . I wanted to know the more indepth technical ways of doing perspectives and this book left me in the dark .
 Book was in the condition stated arriving in a timely manner as specified.The text of this book was good but difficult to read . At times it seemed confusing as one chapter did not always flow into the next .
 I ordered this book the 12th of July , it is 17th of Augustand I have n't seen it or know what happened to it.I havea lot of mixed thoughts about not getting the book . Was it the sellers fault or Amazons fault . I sure was disappointed . Hubie
 The community impact evaluation methodology is certainly a complicated concept . While the author did go into great lengths to describe and explain it , he fell short of presenting it in a way that can be understood reasonably easily . In a book on a completely different subject matter -LRB- system development
 Please dont read this . You may have read other Pearl S. Buck . You may have liked other Pearl S. Buck . But please do n't read this . Do n't shame yourself.If you do read it , be prepared for the worst . Woody Allen wrote < Bullets over Broadway > `` People dont tawk wike dat ! '' And in this book they dont . There is nothing in here worth reading , out of a college assimilation course -LRB- Which I hope doesnt exist because no one deserves to read this . -RRB- The whole book is about some Chinese maid living in a Jewish families house in China , but the characters are too many and too complex , do n't expect to be able to relate to any of them.Just a warning !
 Peral S. Buck is one of my favorite authors , but this book was not the best . I might have misread the summary before ordering it , but I thought it was about Peony marrying a foreigner . Although it is a narrative about her love , it dragged on . The history of the jewish colony in China was interesting . I would not choose to read it again .
 This review concernes the revised 1973 edition . In this volume , Nancy is asked to solve a case as to where Juliana Johonson , a famous dancer , has disappeared to , so she can collect her inherentince , the Heath Castle , in time . One thing leads to another , and , of course , Nancy saves the day once again , not excepting an offered reward . This , like many of the later re-writes in the 70 's , is dull , lifeless , and stale . The writing is bland and there is no charector development whatsover . I have read every yellow-spined Nancy and have to say that about only half the set is any good . If you possibly can , try to read the originals written by Mildred Wirt during the 30 's and 40 's ... the golden-age of Nancy Drew , although -LRB- most -RRB- of the revised and later ones are not bad -LRB- some of them classics -RRB- , the originals are the best ...
 The author of this book is always apt to criticize other authors that I 'm surprised she has the gall to write her own book and expect all these great reviews for it . I think not . I have talked to many other people that say that Karen Anne Bentley 's books have not only confused them but also agree about how she could even get a publisher . She is definitely a hypocrite .
 Ethan Frome is one of the `` those books '' that I will never understand . I suppose if what you desire to try and experience is darkness , despair , and pretty much complete abandonment of what makes the human spirit a thing of beauty then perhaps this is the book for you.It focuses on characters who choose , when a `` sledding accident '' occurs , to wallow in the very depths of self-pity . What a wonderful -LRB- not -RRB- story to read ... This book is effectively a `` crime against the human spirit '' and I find it hard to imagine how any author could pen such bleakness . I suppose that is the `` attraction '' of this book , those who desire a journey into the lives of people who have really chosen to not live anymore , just to exist and spread as much misery as they can . The fact that people do read this kind of `` material '' is a concern all to itself.I 've read literally thousands of books in my life , in all genres , and I can say without hesitation that Ethan Frome is one of the worst books I have ever read.Recommendation
 I hated this book and everything about it . His wife was annoying , her cousin was a ditz , and he was a loser . The plot was predictable and the only suspense was if Zeena would kill Mattie over the Pickle Dish . This whole book was one terribly acted out soap oprah that had really no plot twists at all , no action of any kind , or any really flavor . Ethan and the gang were in a story that was little more than mushed up pasty muck . The only real unpredicatable part was the end , which actually livened the book a little ... but that 's at the end of course . I 'd tell you the ending , but I do n't want to ruin it , you 'll have to waste your own time to find out .
 I had to read this book for summer reading before AP English Language . Basically , it is a cold and depressing novel with a cold and depressing setting . It does have some suspense , such as towards the end , when they are on the sled , you really want to know what will happen . Could they be crazy enough to run into a tree ?! All in all , I did not enjoy this book . However , I enjoy contemporary literature more than older books . It is a romance novel , although Ethan and Mattie are never together as a couple . His decrepit wife Zeena returns to her role as a caretaker in the end , but Mattie is still the third wheel in a sense.Ethan Frome is a fairly quick read because it is only a 77 page book . However , it took me a few days because reading is was pure drudgery ! I want something that is uplifting and will make me smile and feel better after I finish it . Ethan Frome will NOT do that . It will however , make you appreciate the modern convienences we have such as lighting and air travel.If you are looking for a good romance read , try Message In a Bottle ! That is a book than had some great romance and a tear jerking conclusion !
 I read Ethan Frome because my school requires it . However , I ca n't imagine why . The book would be deperessing if you felt some emotion while reading it . Ethan Frome centers on a man who wants to leave his wife and marry someone else . The only redeeming part of this book is nobody dies . Do n't waste your time and money with Ethan Frome .
 I read this book because it was recommended to me . I ca n't imagine why . It has all the emotions of a rock , has no depth , nor did it strike my interest in any way . For nearly the entire book , I found myself criticizing the main characters for their lameness and stupidity . It is now taking up space somewhere in a corner , and will probably remain there until it turns to dust . There was only one good thing about this book
 I hate this book more than any other I 've read . Edith Wharton indulges herself in a meticulous catalog of imaginary human misery . It is , in it 's way , the spiteful grandmother of all the modern fiction that rejoices in the pathetic dysfunction of annoying nobodies . Read it and you have wasted precious hours of your life that you could have spent seeking real joy .
 We chose this book because it was on the classic list ... but it is definitely dated . It was very melodramatic , and the characters were not likeable . I definitely see the relationship between classic authors and their modern counterparts , but this book was just painful to read !!
 This is a good book . Not a great one , a good one . It portrays a winter landscape and a small town . Unfortunately , the characters of the small town are flat . The main character is a ponderous middle-aged man who has had an unlucky life . I enjoyed the book , which I read in about 3 hrs . The ending is n't ` enough , ' somehow , and I was left feeling like something more had needed to be said . I do intend to read more of Wharton , if only to say that I have .
 Many proclaim this novel to be powerful masterpiece about forbidden love , but it was not . Rather it was the lowest possible form of fiction about a man who thinks he is in love , but is not . His life is merely so depressing that he would jump anything that came along . I did not find any value or enjoyment out of this novel what-so-ever , and that is not just me being cruel , because I am trying to be as kind as i possibly can . So if you have time on your hands and you are looking for a good read , I suggest the local phone book would be a viable alternative to the novel Ethan Frome .
 I wanted to knock these exasperating characters ' heads together and tell them all to buy a train ticket out of that depressing , bleak , repressed and soul-destroying New England nightmare that Wharton rendered so well .
 This book is a sad tale of lives gone terribly wrong , and people who had potential but could n't use it due to illnesses . The unrequited romance between Ethan and Mattie , the sickness of Zeena , the botched suicide attempt , and the life on a cold , unproductive New England farm made the book very very depressing , and overall was a representation of stagnation.A very hard book to get into . I had to read it for school , and found it to be a chore . Despite the tragedies that are otherwise interesting , yet disturbing , Edith Warton unfortunately presents them in a bland , and rather impersonal manner . It has been hailed as a great novel , but I would n't call it essential reading .
 While I have no objection to this book 's ultimate chilling conclusion about justice -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- in life , I found Edith Wharton 's style deplorable . In short
 I THREW UP ITS SO BAD I. Just please do n't read this book its so bad deer GOD frightened gfhgrgvg
 This book is tremendously -LSB- bad -RSB- . The main character is whiney and unintersting and for some reason Wharton expects us to care about what happens to these whiney self indulgent charaacters . Rediculous . There is no pain except the unnecesary pain the caharcters put on themselves because they are so bored they have nothing better to do . New Englend must be awful.The ending with the sled has to be the most triumphant and undoubtedly funny scenes in all of literature . I personally cheered and laughed out loud . Unfortunatly Wharton wrote it with a straigt face intending none of the humor that is there .
 I love Edith Wharton 's work . I read it mostly for the mellifluous prose . This book , however , is dull in every sense . The prose are flat and spare . The story is flat and spare . And I hate it . It was boring . Usually her stories are engaging , interesting , and hard to put down . I knew when I bought this book it would be bad . I asked myself , `` What the hell does Edith Wharton know about indigent peasants ? '' And after reading `` Ethan Frome '' I realized she knew nothing ! Stick to the glittering affluent New York life that you knew and were a part of . I admire Edith Wharton 's attempt to branch out and I 'm sure she meant every word she wrote -LRB- since apparently her own marriage was falling apart -RRB- , but the book is still boring . Read any other book by her , especially The Age of Innocence and The House of Mirth .
 This is probably the worst book I have ever read -LRB- in terms of entertainment , I 'm sure it might have some good lessons , but what 's the point if you do n't want to read the book ? -RRB- I could not even finish it because it was so bad . Slow , depressing , and boring .
 I was required to read this book in an English class , almost back-to-back with the Crucible and the Scarlet Letter . Depressing reading about repressed people -- run if you can !
 Ethan Frome was written by Edith Wharton . I thought the bool was slow going at first and i did not think i was going to enjoy the book to much . The author had teh book moving slow , because the first part of the book was coming from the narrators point of view and mind . The narrator took his time telling us who this man Ethan Frome was and why he was important in the story . ethan was a quiet and odd man to me . He had a smashed up face and was not very sociable if you were to pass him on the street . Ethan had a hard life as a farmer and where they lived farming was not a big part of life , so why he was a farmer wa unclear to me . I did not enjoy te book as much as i had inticipated . I heard the book was good so i was expecting something different out of the book . Zeena was quite crabby so when she was in the parts of the book i did not enjoy it to much either . this is because she seemed to make the other characters around her crabby as well . I did not mind the book once it got going ad had developed more of a setting and inttoduced more characters . Ethan fell in love with Mattie and I was disappointed that they did not end up together . I thought it would have been a good ending . The way the book ended made me mad because it went from them drivig to the flats to them all living miserable together . It was wierd that Mattie went along witj attempting suicide because it was nto of her nature usually . overall the book was not the worst but I expected more of the book . I was suprised too that Zeena was not ill and that she ended up taking care of Ethan and Mattie as well . I guess if nothing else came out of this ending , at least Zeena realized how hard it was to look after someone and that they all survived . Even though they all were miserable , I enjoyed the book when it was faster paced . Ethan Frome was not my favorite book but the ending had a twist that was unexpected . i would have liked it to end with them all finally being happy with their lives .
 This book is the downer of the century . Just when you think something is going to happen BAM !!!! the book is over . I accidently finished the book . Thats pathetic ! Most fiction has a rising action that is not present in this book . Its a great book about nothing .
 Ethan Frome paints a vivid portrait of the beauty that is wintertime New England . Unfortunately , that 's about all it does right . I was surprised to find the lack of both interesting and sympathetic characters in a novel that appears to be a character study.Ethan Frome , the protagonist , is selfish and cruel toward his wife 's illness . At times I despised him more than any character due to his extreme self-centeredness . In fact , his only characteristic that I can almost relate to , a repressed intellectualism , is barely even mentioned.Mattie Silver , Ethan 's object of desire , is an underdeveloped character in the most extreme sense of the phrase . It is unclear what her motives and feelings are even by the end of the story . However , this underdevelopment may have been for the best . The little that we are told about Mattie only adds to the disenchanting strangeness and sloppiness of the book . Most of the time , she comes off at immature and thoughtless.Zeena , the supposed antagonist , is actually the easiest character to feel for . But do n't get me wrong , she 's unlikable just like the rest of the characters.Overall , I suggest you avoid this book if at all possible . It 's a loppy book with no real purpose or message .
 I believe this is one of if not the worst book ever writen . The stroy goes no where . It is the story of a sad man that does not teach us any thing useful . I believe the only reason someone should read this book is because the have to . If given a choice i would have picke any other book . Unargueably the worst book ever
 This book was indeed a short tale , but it was possibly the worst book I have ever read . There 's nothing appealing about it at all . I was forced to read this for my English class , and that was the only reason I even finished it . I kept expecting it to get better . I was mistaken . This is definitely Wharton 's weak point . There was no real story to this book . If you enjoy short , meaningless , redundant tales than you will like this book . No offense to the countless others who like this book ; I guess I 'm missing the appeal ! DO N'T READ .
 This stands as the longest work of `` literature '' I have ever been forced to read . Not due to the page count , as it is actually rather -LRB- mercifully -RRB- short ; it is merely the most monotonous and plodding work of fiction ever published , in any language . When I read the book , I had hoped for a punchline - at some point the story would actually take form and progress . Instead , I felt as though I had been accosted by one of those people who insist on showing you their boils and bunions while you are trying to eat your lunch . Its only merit is that it is a prime example of what aspiring writers should NEVER produce . If this book were distributed in Guantanamo , Amnesty International would object , and rightly so . This is the pinnacle of academic torture , and those who assign it should be investigated , very closely .
 This book sucks . If this was the first book by Wharton that someone has read , they probably wo n't read any of her others , which is totalluy wrong , because she is a great author . This particular book however , is far to depressing and boring to be on the top of anyone 's list . It is so boring that sometimes you can be reading the boo , yet not taking any in , and when you `` wake up '' you find yourself lost , not knowing where you are in relation to where you left off . It is my beleif that this book probably loses most of its readers after the first few chapters .
 Plowing through this novel was as arduous and monotonous as the long snowy carriage rides from Ethan 's homestead to the town of Starkfield . Did I just complete a grueling meditation retreat ? It was mercifully short , though , not even 140 pages , and it does offer glimmers of intellectual satisfaction amidst the text 's long zazen session . Most of the character descriptions pop off the page with vividness . Mattie 's way of `` throwing her head back when she was amused , as if to taste her laugh before she let it out '' was pure literary gold , and the various ponderous descriptions of Ethan 's countenance , that he had a `` moral isolation too remote for casual access '' and could feel `` huge cloudy meanings behind the daily face of things '' served as charitable descriptions of a man with Job-like tragedy in his life . Overall , if you are budgeting just one Edith Wharton novel for your reading list , I would n't choose Ethan Frome .
 Ethan Frome by Edith Wharton is a pretty good book . It is about a young man working really hard to make almost nothing . He has a bitter , `` sickly '' wife named Zeena who brings her cousin , Mattie , in to help her around the house . With Mattie being a young , beautiful , vibrant girl , Ethan , of course , falls in love with her . When Zeena decides to let Mattie go , Ethan ca n't stand the idea of her leaving . The pair run into a tree while sledding in an attempt to die together so they never have to be apart.The plot of this book was very interesting however the constant describing of things I did n't care to hear that much about , such as the landscape , made the book difficult for me to get into . I was also hoping the story would be a little bit juicier . Until the end there was nothing that really surprised me or stood out.I did like the way the book was set up . It starts in the present with a woman who tries to find out the story of what happened to Ethan years ago . When she ends up staying at his house one night because of a blizzard is when she finds out the story . I liked this because it gives the reader a view of Ethan after everything that happened to him . It made me more interested to find out what caused him to be this way.Although I did n't enjoy this book a ton , it was well written . For readers who do enjoy a lot of description , Edith Wharton did it very well . She had a great choice of words that create a vivid picture in your mind . For readers who are more like me and prefer to hear more about what 's going on and less about what the scenery looks like , this book is pretty good but not so good I would want to read it over and over .
 I 'd give this book 0 stars if possible , it was a horrendous read , a truly awful book that is forced upon high schoolers everywhere .
 Stupid book . They call it a ` classic ' . Classic , in that it is the slowest and most pointless book ever ! A guy thinks he loves his cousin but he does n't . So what . I only read it because I had to pass English class .
 I have no idea what would inspire someone to write about something so dumb . I would give it no stars , but that was n't an option .
 Have you ever read the story about the girl who was dancing at a ball with a prince when a clock struck twelve and she had to hurry off and lost her slipper ? And then the prince found it and found her and they lived happily ever after ? The story of Ethan Frome was nothing like that . It 's a very sad and depressing story . I read it for an English class and -- well its just hard to describe . The author 's writing cast a dark , bleak shadow on the story . I hated Mattie , I hated Ethan and I really hated Zeena .
 Trust me on this one folks , this book is so boring it puts you to sleep . I had to read it for summer reading , and I HATED it ! I would give this no stars if I had the chance . All it is about is a guy who 's going through a midlife crisis and to releive himself , has an affair with his wife 's cousin . never read this book if you do n't have to . TAKE MY WORD FOR IT !
 That was what my 10th grade class called this novel when we had to wade through it . The plot , like so many of her stories , centers around an impossible love which ends without consummation of any sort . The book drags in a vast white expanse of New England snow and hopelessness . In a time where women are usually the ones `` trapped '' into marriage , it was interesting to see the tables turned for poor Ethan , but overall the story seemed contrived and predictable with an overly melodramatic end . I feel very lucky that I tried other Edith Wharton novels after reading this one first , as I would have missed out on a fantastic view into the inner workings of high society through the Age of Innocence and The House of Mirth . This is arguably her worst novel and I would advise steering clear . The most interesting aspect any of us in our class could light upon was all the color symbolism . In the white snowy expanse of the environment every color had a meaning even down to the color of Mattie 's hair ribbon . Still not enough to justify the time spent unfortunately . Sorry Edith ...
 Who defines a classic ? I hate this book . There 's no passion for an affair , there 's no excitement , and there 's no suspense . There 's also no content ; the entire book is talking and nothingness . Who thought forbidden Puritan love affairs could be so boring ?
 I had to read this for school Sophomore year and it was completely horrible . It was really borig and not good at all . I hated it , and it 's not like I just do n't like to read . I read all the time and usually like if not at least appriciate all thee books I read , but this one was justall around bad . Read it if you 're an Englih teacher , their the only people who seem to like it .
 The best part of this edition is the cover illustrator . Jeffrey Brown deserves more attention -- the illustrations were great.Elizabeth Ammons took a straightfoward story and post-neo-racia-femini-homo-colonia-hegemoni-classstruggled it in her introductory notes . This is what passes for scholarship ? Good grief . This book is not so difficult to understand , that she had to decide that race underscores the whole thing . And Toni Morrison as an expert opinion leader ? I 'm insulted , but I 'm not surprised.Last , one would think in a world where Howard Zinn 's corrupt scholarship has been so thoroughly discredited , that scholars would be reluctant to cite him so prominently in their work . Seems reckless.Edith Wharton wrote about what she knew
 To the dismay of many young , bright , energetic high school English students , this is perhaps the poorest possible example of American literature . Ethan , a depressed , pathetic man whose life is repetitive and uninteresting , stars in this book as its main character . His life , disappointment after disappointment , is slowly retold to the reader . It is bad enough that Ms. Wharton has chosen a main character which no human could admire -- a man who has destroyed himself of his own free will . However , the worst part of this book is the way Ms. Wharton tells her story
 And if you 're not currently among the ranks of the depressed , you will be after reading this novel . Seriously , I did not find the novel either a -RRB- beautiful or b -RRB- worth reading . Perhaps it would have been very moving in a tragic sense if I had bought any of Wharton 's feeble attempts at painting a story of forbidden love gone wrong . The novel entirely lacked any real connection with human emotions and behaviors . Perhaps , if the storyline of the book were my life , it would depress me very much . The pointlessness and ironic misfortune of these characters lives is remarkable , but I was left feeling too apathetic to be upset by this fact . I do not suggest you torture yourself by reading this novel , unless you have a flair for masochism .
 This book was the most uneventful book I have ever read . I kept waiting for a big scene or something interesting to happen . The only halfway interesting thing happened at the very end and it wasnt even that good . I do n't know how this book became a classic . I do not recommend this book to anyone . The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of one was because it was easy to follow and it only took me one day . I did n't waste anymore of my life reading this book .
 This book is widely known as a classic , but the reader is left wondering `` why ? '' Protagonist -LRB- ca n't call him a hero -RRB- of this novel is poor farmer Ethan Frome , who lives a joyless existence with his hypochondriac wife . He finds some `` excitement '' when Mattie comes to visit , but again , the reader wonders why , because she 's vapid and uninteresting . To recap
 This story was seriously depressing , and was in no way a book that I would call enjoyable .
 For a person who desires excitement , this book fails to give any . Set in the remote countryside of western Massachusetts , Ethan Frome explores the effects of isolation from society and social settings in general . Ethan Frome struggles to decide whether to stay with his bland wife or leave with the younger Mattie . In the end , all that Ethan Frome amounts to is a sappy soap opera that ends with a failed suicide attempt . An utterly boring book that I found hard to get through .
 Ethan Frome was on the required reading list for Sophmore Honors English . I do n't understand why only the honors class had to read this `` easy to read '' piece of literature , with no plot . DO NOT READ THIS IF YOU DO NOT HAVE TO !
 This is a boring novel about boring people in a boring town doing boring things . No excitement . The main character is very stupid and ca n't do anything interesting , even if he 'd bother to try .
 Ethan Frome by Edith Wharton is a pretty good book . It is about a young man working really hard to make almost nothing . He has a bitter , `` sickly '' wife named Zeena who brings her cousin , Mattie , in to help her around the house . With Mattie being a young , beautiful , vibrant girl , Ethan , of course , falls in love with her . When Zeena decides to let Mattie go , Ethan ca n't stand the idea of her leaving . The pair run into a tree while sledding in an attempt to die together so they never have to be apart.The plot of this book was very interesting however the constant describing of things I did n't care to hear that much about , such as the landscape , made the book difficult for me to get into . I was also hoping the story would be a little bit juicier . Until the end there was nothing that really surprised me or stood out.I did like the way the book was set up . It starts in the present with a woman who tries to find out the story of what happened to Ethan years ago . When she ends up staying at his house one night because of a blizzard is when she finds out the story . I liked this because it gives the reader a view of Ethan after everything that happened to him . It made me more interested to find out what caused him to be this way.Although I did n't enjoy this book a ton , it was well written . For readers who do enjoy a lot of description , Edith Wharton did it very well . She had a great choice of words that create a vivid picture in your mind . For readers who are more like me and prefer to hear more about what 's going on and less about what the scenery looks like , this book is pretty good but not so good I would want to read it over and over.-Valerie
 Title
 If I were to use four words to review this book , they would be
 Stupid book . I had to read it for ap English in school . & I 'm just glad that it did n't cost me anything
 It 's classics like this one that discourage me from reading classics ! and if I have to come up with additional words
 We ordered this book for an English summer reading assignment and it fell apart the first time we picked it up . The binding was in poor condition ! Not worth the $ 8 I spent . Also , Amazon wo n't send me a new one , like a private owner would ... so I will think twice before I choose Amazon in the future . Not worth paying return shipping and then only getting a portion back ... which is Amazon 's policy . Amazon -- you have an unhappy customer and I 'd like you to send me a new copy to make it right !
 I first read `` Ethan Frome '' in high school , where despite my fantastic teacher , I was left unimpressed . I revisited it again in college with an open mind , in the spirit of seeing whether or not my tastes had changed - they had n't . I attempted it once more , and was forced to conclude that I will simply never enjoy this short story.As a long-time resident of New England , and a repeated survivor of its winters , I found Wharton 's descriptions excessive and melodramatic . The book appears to attempt to tell the saddest and most pitiable tale it can muster , but characters must be engaging and relatable before they can be pitied , and Wharton 's characters are so closed off from each other and the reader that they are utterly inaccessible.I could find no pity in myself for the embittered Ethan , whose own problems he created out of sheer foolishness . Nor any compassion for Zeena , a rather vile plot device whose only purpose seemed to be to ruin the lives of others . And certainly not for the hapless Maddie , whose insipid and inane presence served only to irritate the reader and muddle the story.Ms . Wharton attempts to hide her shallow characters behind decorative language and even more shallow metaphors , in an attempt to add depth to the story . She fails rather extravagantly , using cookie-cutter , formulaic symbolism and utterly dismal language . Her metaphors are constructed in such a manner that you can not fail to understand them as they seem to hit you over the head with their meaning.The bottom line
 But certainly the worst one of the selection that my little brother was forced by a teacher -LRB- whom I assume to be either cruel or just to have bad taste , -RRB- to read . One of the books he read had an important message , and the other was amusing at parts . This book manages neither of those mildly-redeeming traits and revels in that nothingness in a way that no reader should have to tolerate.It 's the basic story of girl meets boy , boy 's already married , boy 's wife is an unlikable hypochondriac , boy and girl want to be together , boy tries repeatedly to dodge his wife , etc. . . I wo n't give away too much else , because sadly , there is n't much else to give away , but the plot winds up being about as far from a happy or meaningful ending as it 's possible to go without getting into the realm of bad B movie plots.There are a hundred ways I could describe the text of this novel even further , but let me start with the most obvious . This novel is written as though the person who wrote `` Jingle Bells '' grew up alone , became a mentally-depressed hermit and decided to write a novel about forbidden love that does n't go anywhere . The bland , depressing tones set by this novel are both an affront to a reasonable aesthetic sense , and at the same time made obsolete by such writers as Edgar Allen Poe , who managed them much better.Throughout the entire novel , the author seems to have taken great pains to avoid describing things in much detail or creating any characters worth caring about , which is probably a good thing , since if you COULD care about these characters , you might not want to . As such , it 's a mercifully-short novel.However , the author , apparently realizing how short it was , attempted to lengthen it through the use of long words and flowery metaphors , many of which made me scratch my head when I tried to comprehend their validity -LRB- or lack thereof . -RRB- All I know is that this novel is the first one in which I 've seen the words `` discursively '' and `` ai n't '' used one right after the other , just to give you some idea of how little the flowery language fit the scenes it was meant to depict.I 've heard people complain that their kids were forced to read Moby Dick , but Moby Dick was light-hearted and serene compared to this novel . Ethan Frome has no strong positive emotional draw , no pleasant aesthetic , no appreciation for justice , no real substance , no likable characters , no message or purpose , and as near as I can tell , has nothing at all . Yet somehow people have both published it and heard of it . Ah , the trials of the modern world . I 'd avoid this one like the plague if I were you .
 Some people would say it 's wrong to destroy literature but after reading Ethan Frome they might have to rethink their position . This is probably the most god awful book in literary history !! And if it disappeared from the face of the Earth I gather that nobody would miss it . It still boggles the mind why many English classes force kids to read this piece of garbage . Ethan Frome is a worm with no backbone who was afraid to stand up to his overbearing wife . Period !! The story is irrelevant to life in the 21st century . If you are unhappy in a marriage you 'd get a divorce . This book is tedious , depressing and most of all it 's BORING !! Take the money you would have otherwise flushed down the toilet on this load and go see Lord Of The Rings again.I do have to say one thing though . If Ethan Frome and Edith Wharton had n't bored me out of my skull I would never have discovered Japanese Anime or comic books . This is one book that actually DISCOURAGES people from reading . After reading this piece of garbage you 'll wish you were illiterate !! .
 Ok ... I picked up this book for my english class mainly because my sister said is was good . To my disdain , I found it be rather dull . Ethan Frome is no more the a love sick man who ca n't live with his life as it was . I thought that this book was boring and I could have slept through it . The best part is that Ethan and Mattie got what they deserved at the end of the bookI would recommend this book to anyone who likes the romantic-type novels .
 For starters , nothing good happens in this book . Why is it that books assigned to schoolkids -LRB- statistically the most likely to commit suicide and suffer from depression -RRB- are usually relentlessly depressing ? I found this novel extremely hard to get through , not just because of its dark subject matter but because I wanted to run , screaming , from these characters and the setting.BTW , I also hated the Great Gatsby , so there.I give it two stars because the quality of the writing is pretty high , but this is a book few -LRB- sadists ? -RRB- would read for enjoyment .
 I decided to read this book after seeing it on a list of supposed classics and the positive reviews here on amazon . Boy do i regret it.I am now wondering what is the criteria for labeling a book `` classic '' because i can not appreciate ANYTHING from this book . Watching paint dry would be a better way to pass the time.I 'm also starting not to trust the postive reviews on Amazon since this the second time i 've been burned by you guys -LRB- Huxley 's `` Island '' also sucked -RRB-
 If u enjoy reading tragic love stories then this is the book for you ! This book bored me to death . It might be short but it takes forever to read ! I rate this book two because it did n't go anywhere . It only took place at the farm and had only three characters . And what the heck was the pickle dish ? The good thing about this book was the imagery . It is very descriptive .
 Yeah , I had to read it for an english class , which stinks in the first place because having to pick apart every novel you read in high school will discourage any kid from reading -- and I 'm on the Literary Mag ! I have to admit , I saw the movie before the book , just because I love Liam , who played a wonderful Ethan . This book 's other characters , you know besides Ethan Zeena and Mattie , were so flat and had no point . I really did n't understand who any of the other people in the book were accept maybe their jobs in the town . With that many flat characters , how can it be interesting ? Only the end is enjoyable , and then when it goes back into the author 's view , it becomes -LRB- and ends -RRB- boring again . See the movie .
 ... Ethan Frome is a worm with no backbone who was afraid to stand up to his overbearing wife . Period !! The story is irrelevant to life in the 21st century . If you are unhappy in a marriage you 'd get a divorce . ... This is one book that actually DISCOURAGES people from reading . After reading this piece of garbage you 'll wish you were illiterate !! .
 This book was pretty short . I did n't really like it . It was confusing and I did n't understand most of it .
 Ethan Frome is readable today , unlike something like The Scarlet Letter , which I barely suffered through , and it may have even been half-way decent at one time , but it has n't aged well . It 's pretty much just a slow-paced , depressing romance novel that should n't have ever been considered as required reading , let alone chosen . You really do n't have to look far to find a better choice . I will admit that the story is n't terrible , it 's just not very original or intriguing to me . . just kind of dull , and more than a little dated . The ending fits with the rest of the book and although it does n't really surprise you , it does n't make you feel cheated either . So , the book is consistent , but it 's consistently underwhelming .
 Book was pretty bad . Boring and just could n't get into it . I was happy when it was over ! Really do n't recommend this book to anyone ! Sorry ...
 When Edith Wharton wrote &#34; Ethan Frome , &#34; long , long passages of exposition were perfectly acceptable fiction . That 's changed . No one who does n't have to read this book will read it . A pity ; they 'll miss out on Wharton 's lucid and luminous prose . But for today 's reader , it 's a dull , dry book .
 This book was so detailed - i do n't know how someone could drag out a 48 hour period of time into 9 chapters . Very detailed and drawn out . If you dont have to read it do n't .
 Would this give you confidence?On the first reading I had close to 147 objections by the end of letter C and most of these were factual errors . I wrote to OUP and received what I perceived as smug replies.Eight basses -LRB- De Vries p190 , Krivchenya p386 , Piragov p557 , Reysen p597 , Rossi-Lemeni p612 , Shalyapin p655 , Gustav Siehr p658 and David Ward p758 -RRB- are credited with Mozart 's Don Basilio in their repertoires while the lyric tenor Lemeshev is credited with `` Mozart 's Count Almaviva '' . The entry `` chorus '' states `` Verdi 's Nabucco -LRB- 1842 -RRB- where the opposing factions of Egypt and Israel '' Wrong country , wrong continent.Check the musical ranges under `` soprano '' , `` mezzo-soprano '' , `` contralto '' , `` tenor '' , `` baritone '' and `` bass '' against the score and you will find it a laborious chore . It is possible that Messrs Warrack and West found similarly because the ranges given are not always correct . In a profession where the difference of a semitone can make a role possible or impossible , we read that Dandini and the Count in Capriccio range from c to a flat ' , when Dandini is actually G to f ' , a fourth out at the bottom and a minor third at the top . The Count in Capriccio is from A flat on page 159 of the score to g ' on page 120 . Jupiter in Orphee aux Enfers is credited with the bass range from the Amateur Operatic Society Version of the score instead of the baritone range in the professional . Perhaps the authors could go to Offenbach 's various professional versions and correct me here.On pages 12 , 16 , and 230 we read about `` vocal chords '' instead of `` vocal cords '' , a common mistake , a chord being two notes sounded together and vocal cords being the vibrating strips of flesh which produce speech and song . \ Under `` Balzac '' a list of obscure operas is provided but there is no entry for Oscar Wilde.According to ODO the action of The Fiery Angel starts in Cologne and goes to Cologne.Page 1 `` Abigaille . Nabucco 's daughter '' . The plot hinges on the fact she is n't . Page2 `` Abul Hassan ... -LRB- bar -RRB- , the eponymous Barber of Bagdad '' He 's a heavy bass , just llok at his opening phrase in the score.Page 4 . `` Nixon 's visit to China in 1972 , the first by a Western leader '' Australia 's Gough Whitlam beat him there.Page 5 `` Addio fiorito asil . Pinkerton 's -LRB- ten -RRB- aria in Act II of Puccini 's Madama Butterfly '' It 's in Act III in my score . `` Adelaide . City in South Australia . The first opera staged was La Muette de Portici in 1840 '' No , Rob Roy . `` followed by an Italina season in 1865 '' Sorry 1856 . There are several errors following in this entry.Nevertheless , the book makes an excellent doorstopper .
 Depth
 After the riveting `` All the President 's Men , '' one would expect that when Bob Woodward sharpened his journalistic pencil to take after the Supreme Court that more fun would follow . Alas , it is not to be . `` The Brethren '' is a fairly conventional by-the-numbers account of the Nixon-Ford era Supreme Court that tries to drum up tension from such incidents as the movement to impeach the aged Justice William O. Douglas , but ultimately fails . The secretive world of the court would be difficult for any journalist to penetrate , and here Woodward and his cohort Armstrong prove themselves not to be up to the task.A word about this book 's availability . I frequent a lot of used book stores and I 've come across it on a regular basis .
 This book is the most repugnant book in the world . I would rather eat a live rat than have to read it again . Thankfully I read it for a grade . I fear anyone who actually wants to read this book .
 Despite the author 's accomplished prose style and vivid imagination , this is , in the end , a very boring book about a setting and a theme which should be fascinating
 It may not be fair for me to rate this book as I was not able to finish it . I even thought of just deleting it from my book list - that 's how I do n't like it . Tried to read it at different times of the day but I ca n't help but fall asleep over it , every time ! Much as I hate to leave a book unfinished , this is n't just worth my time and effort . I wo n't mind if people will think of me as shallow , but in my opinion , deep subjects such as the one tackled in this book can be presented in a more interesting and engaging manner . Does n't matter if she 's a Nobel Prize winner , if this is her style , I do n't think we 'll ever click .
 If you have tasted the orange , you wo n't expect a description of flavonoids to substitute for the experience . Bettilu Faulkner has written a narrative of her uncle 's psychic experiences for those who , likewise , need no convincing.Her account includes generous transcriptions of his psychic channeling , often taken from tape recordings her uncle was prescient enough to make while a congenial spirit named George spoke through him . The difficulty with her account is that the taped transcriptions begin when the biography reaches the late 1920s/early 1930s . Tape recorders , on the other hand , were first introduced to the U.S. in 1947 . There is thus a gap of nearly 20 years between the earliest possible recording date and the purported date of the first transcribed sessions.Ms . Faulkner is a relative of the subject , not a professional biographer . She apparently did not have a professional editor , so this slip was probably unintentional . Whether the tapes Ms. Faulkner transcribes were deliberately misleading is another question . In the end , the narrative has the same take-it-or-leave-it credibility as any other account of someone who espies fairies , elves , and dead relatives.This should hardly matter to those who already are convinced , through experience or belief , of the fundamental truth of the psychic phenomena described . But it may disappoint those hoping to be convinced by an inside account of life after death .
 I would recommend this book only to someone with no prior professional experience , entering the world of employment . The author assumes the reader has a complete lack of prior knowledge of any project management skills . It could be a good reference guide to someone with the project management duties but without the formal PM title . Otherwise , I would not recommend this book for anyone with more than two years professional experience.It seems to be written for a high school level education , which has advantages and disadvantages
 This book is complete garbage , made by a woman who has too much time on her hands and not enough talent in her head . Reverend Jen is supported by her rich , suburban -LRB- Maryland -RRB- parents and , unlike most of you reading this , will never need to get a job . Instead , she has the luxury to `` slum '' it out in the LES , surround herself with supportive nimrods , and crank out moronic drivel . It 's easy to knock hardworking people and mock society when you are a kept bird who never has to roll out of bed before noon .
 In general I do n't read a lot of detective or mystery fiction . An exception has been David Lindsey . I own most of his books , even some of the more obscure works , published early in his career . I have been drawn to Lindsey 's books by his writing style and the moral ambiguity of his plots . Sometimes decent people do ugly things in Lindsey 's stories . As in life , in Lindsey 's plots there have been no simple answers.The Rules of Silence is the last David Lindsey book I 'm planning to buy . The only reason that I was able to finish this howler is that I could not believe that the plot was really as simplistic as it turned out to be . I kept thinking that Lindsay would twist the plot around in the end and show the reader that everything that they thought was true was not . Instead The Rules of Silence was a waste of time and money . This is the sort of book that I would expect from Clive Cussler , not the author of Mercy.In contrast to some of Lindsay 's previous work , the characters in The Rules of Silence are cliches , without any depth . The story is so predictable and trite that until I reached the last page I could not believe that Lindsay would actually write something like this . If Lindsay had a long history of writing empty `` boy fiction '' , then I would not expect anything else . Sadly Lindsay has been capable of better work . Given the poor quality of this book and the fact that there are so many good books , I 'll think twice before spending time on another David Lindsay work .
 First off , was she her own editor ? Because there were a lot of mistakes in this book , the more I read the madder I got . Most of the time the book did n't make sense . I paid way too much for this book and it was only 100 some pages , and it did n't have any kind of meaning . I take that back the meaning of this book showed me that she was DUMB & STUPID AS HELL . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . Buy Fly on the Wall by Trista Russell it 's better and cheaper .
 I hate to be a stick-in-the-mud here , but this book is really NOT a `` phrase book '' and should not be listed in the language reference section . As an American who lived in Germany for three years and suffered the slings and separable-prefix arrows of learning this fascinating , complex language , I appreciate the humor at the heart of this book . But the examples here are really for people who understand that this is just humor at the expense of German and Germans -- someone buying this book thinking that it will allow you to be witty in German should think again -- You 'll regret using any of the conversation examples here on a native speaker .
 `` Wicked German '' is not for anyone who actually wants to learn to speak German or brush up on their language skills . It is written in a humorous vein , but even the humor is puerile . I regret wasting good money buying this book . My advice is do n't buy it .
 I bought this book figuring it was practical and useful , which for my surprise , was exactly the opposite ! It gives you several phrases in German -LRB- organized by travel situations and SCENARIOS -RRB- which are more of JOKES than helpful statements to use while you are travelling.If you are a beginner at German idiom , do n't buy it . It wo n't help you at all.However , if you already speak German , and want to laugh at the CULTURAL ASPECTS of Germany , than this is your book indeed .
 i am german , live in germany in the north . i never heard about these phrases with the wurst and the gugelhupf not event the street phases .
 I agree with the other reviewers who said this book really is n't a phrase book and does n't belong in the language reference section . Anyone trying to really learn the language will be greatly disappointed.It does display a -LRB- sort of twisted -RRB- sense of humor . Parts of it really were funny . However , I failed to see where this humor came from a loving and appreciative place . To me , it all sounded pretty superior and judgmental . Satire is fine , but please at least convince me that you 're satirizing something you have some appreciation for ! The author failed miserably at this . I 'm glad I checked it out at the library before buying , because I would n't want to waste my money on it !
 Well , the book is sort of funny but really not very useful if you are trying to learn some serious german ... the likelly outcome is that you will have a few laughs and thats all ...
 Not happy with the limited geographic area or the depressing news that a single/widowed or divorced woman would have no chance of ever dating or finding a future partner . I would have hoped for interviews taking in a broader area and with women who have had positive real estate purchasing/building experiences . What I got from this was stay away from the Lake District if you 're looking for an authentic Mexican experience .
 I AM STILL PLOWING THROUGH THIS POOLY WRITTEN BOOK . I FEEL LIKE A GRADE SCHOOL CHILD WROTE THIS STUFF . WHEN A BOOK IS THIS BADLY WRITTEN IT 'S HARD TO KEEP READING IT . HOPE I CAN MAKE IT THROUGH THE END .
 The title of the book should be `` Midlife Mavericks WHY Women Reinvent Their Lives in Mexico '' . This poorly written book does little to describe women reinventing their lives IN Mexico . Most of their stories dwell on why they moved to Mexico , the typical ; divorce , retirement , adventure . I think most `` Midlife Mavericks '' can already relate to this and would like to read more about what actually happened once these women moved to Mexico . The stories are confusing and not well written . The author jumps between her move to Mexico and that of the person she is interviewing without making much distinction . In nearly every story she spends several lines describing the smoking habits of the women and how the smoke swirls around in the air or they tap their cigarette to the ashtray , please spare us . One of the women the author inteviewed moved to Mexico due to the health problems she suffered while living in Texas . Now this peaked my interest as I wondered what kind of health care she received in Mexico , did her health improve , etc but alas none of these questions were answered.If you want a light read with not much substance then this book would be fine . On the other hand if you have ever considered relocating in `` midlife '' , especially to another country , I think you will find this book disappointing .
 He can write plays but his prose and poetry are too far out there and lacking in message and through line . Very disappointing
 Do n't waste any of your time with this `` novel ''
 If you like incomprehensible story lines , improbable plots and connections and an overtone of misogyny then this is your book.If not this is book best left unread .
 This review is for the CD version of Eliot Gould 's reading.I love Chandler 's writing and have read `` Farewell '' at least four times . Gould does a good job of reading it , too.What 's frustrating about the CD version is that the disks are not indexed . There was no effort to make a disk begin at the beginning of a chapter , for instance . Also , each disk holds one track only . That means if you want to pause for the night at the end of chapter 5 , good luck finding your place when you return to listening in a few days.Breaking the audio into tracks is a very easy thing to do , so primitive a technology that it makes it seem that this CD box set was mastered in the 1980s . There is no competing product as of June 2003 , however . Devotees may want to make their own MP3 files and then donate the CDs to a library .
 In Farewell , My Lovely by Raymond Chandler , an everyday detective , Marlowe , gets wrapped up in a hermeneutic search that could eventually cost him his life . Everything he does affects what will be and , in turn , he winds up changing the course of his search as he becomes caught in its very tentacles . Leading from one murder and scandal to another , this mystery novel addresses corruption and deceit in all of its forms . While it is occasionally difficult to understand because of Chandler 's creative habit of inventing new detection slang , it yet creates for an engaging read as it keeps readers in suspense and `` in the dark '' until the climax of the book , during which time everything is revealed . More than many other detection novels , this one follows a more Sherlock Holmesesque method of detection by revealing and explaining all in a very short , descriptive , `` aha ! '' type of moment , which is exciting to the reader who has been trying to solve the mystery all along.However , while the eventual mastermind turns out to be a cunning , selfish woman , the overall portrayal of women in this 1940 's novel is daunting . Although often depicted as intelligent , they are also often depicted as needing and revering men . Furthermore , Marlowe 's sarcastic confidence and desire to rescue women just gives an overall bad taste to the novel as he looks at women as burdens , sex objects , and inferior beings . In fact , he does n't very highly esteem African Americans , either . In conclusion , while this book is an interesting read , it is too great a reminder of gender and racial inequalities to be enjoyable .
 I love stories that take place over several generations , so I was prepared to like this book . The first half was OK , but the second half started to drag . By the last 100 pages I was speed reading just to get it over with . I like strong women characters who stand up for themselves , but Rachel , Doris and Lillian , the daughters of the awful Sara , took verbal abuse all though their childhood , and still kow-towed to Sara to the point I started skipping the same old dialogue over and over . Sara was one of the most unlikable charactors I 've ever encountered in a novel like this . The book was repetitious in that each generation went thru the same thing , so if you read one generation 's trials and woes , you could skip the rest and use your imagination .
 I thought I would like it , but I was seriously let down . The story is indeed a good one , especially the struggle of women in this book , but unfortunately the plot was somewhat thin , and even important events were belittled or downgraded and were not entered into in detail . Has its fair share of tragedy which is good , but story line is frail and watered down .
 I liken this book to a book on how to work on cars . They start the book with an nice paced introduction and before you know it they start jumping all over the place ... Ok here is where the oil goes and then if you want to overhual the transmission here is what you do and then here 's how to change the windshield wipers and here 's how to overhaul the engine . Advanced techincal areas are intermingled with simpler beginner techniques throughout the book . I was especially disappointed in the small areas of the book devoted to the use of text . Kind of interesting since a quote from the book is that text is a powerful way of graphic expression . Of the 554 pages they devote 30 to the use of text.I have been impressed with the SAMS books in the past but this one is a dud .
 I 've read a number of books on French culture and French women 's style , and this book was a complete disappointment . It manages to be repetitious and quite thin on useful content while containing an overabundance of superfluous historical information and irritatingly over-designed layouts . I 'm completely bemused by the rave reviews and prices charged by used book vendors for this volume . Susan Sommers ' French Chic and Genevieve Antoine-Dariaux 's Guide to Elegance are better by far .
 I 'm totally baffled as to why people like this book . It 's mostly a picture book with some text squeezed in . And they are n't even good pictures - there are some nice images of stylish women -LRB- including many of Audrey Hepburn , who was Belgian -RRB- but many of them are random drawings and historical pictures . The text is just Vienne spouting off ideas about the French that are either totally useless or outdated . Some examples from just flipping through at random
 In spite of all the great reviews prior to this one , this book is not a complete guide to float hunting Alaska . I give the author credit for doing a lot of research and the book provides an incomplete but valuable list of phone numbers and some nice pictures . Other than that it reads like college term paper . It has a lot of words but not enough depth to plan much of anything . The maps are straight out of the hunting orders and no specifics are given on any river . There are inaccuracies throughout the book . For example , in the wildlife biology section it states mineral licks for sheep contain protein -LRB- p 97 -RRB- and that sodium and magnesium are organic compounds , a different chemistry than what I learned . Some of the conclusions in the discussion of firearms and ballistics are irrational like including the 7mm -LRB- 7x57 ? -RRB- and .308 in the list of calibers as good choices for moose and bears -LRB- brown and/or black it does n't specify ? -RRB- . Besides , I hate to see sporting firearms referred to as weapons , we have enough problems with the media and anti-gun groups . If you are a novice hunter and did n't know much about the outdoors , you will find usefull information . Beyond that it covers everything from changing your socks to minimum impact camping . Unfortunately , none of it in enough detail to be of real benefit to any but the inexperienced . It would have been better to write a book on float hunting and concentrate on the basics in depth instead of trying to create the complete guide to everything in 205 short pages and missing the mark the title implies . Go to the AK Fish and Game web site and get a good floating Alaska rivers book , you will be ahead .
 Manstealing For Fat Girls works very hard to be a gritty young-adult book . The author , Michelle Embree , stretches to make the book appealing through a deviant and even dysfunctional flair , and ca n't seem to help but cram the grit in to surplus and inessential levels . I 'm hard pressed to find a page that does n't contain cursing , drug talk , or teenage sex . It apparently works on the premise that this unsoftened , graphic portrayal can better transfer an unyielding commentary on the lifestyle of the characters , but when you pack the grit on to such gratuitous levels , it ends up reading like the book 's trying to sell itself with schlock and shock.At best , this overzealous literary technique makes the lessons in the book oblique . At worst , it makes the book 's character portrayal seem hollow and artificial . Myself , I 'd like to comment on the biggest issues I had with the themes and characters . Angie , the main character , is sixteen and lives with her mother . Her father left her mother when he found out she was pregnant , and Angie has had to deal with a long string of her mother 's boyfriends . The current one , Rudy , has just moved in after announcing that he and Rita , Angie 's mom , are going to be getting married . Angie is a definite outsider at her school , and largely moves in the outsider circle of friends . She is the only one in her circle that does not smoke marijuana , although she is offered several times . While this behavior is a decent example of someone sidestepping peer pressure , and the peer pressure is presented far more realistically than seen in many a book containing drug use , she usually turns down these offers solely because she 's concerned with her weight and how getting the munchies would affect her weight loss efforts . Angie shows evidence of eating disorders throughout the book
 This article does not include a `` normal versus high-calorie menu -RRB- . This is a complete fabrication and to steal any money from me is wrong !
 RIP OFF ! Beware . There is nothing new or useful in this !!!!! My mom has cancer and is losing weight ; I 'm looking everywhere I can for useful information and I fell for this one . My mistake not to have weighed the previous reviewers comments enough !
 I was disappointed because I was expecting to see how to UPDATE the interior of an older boat . While the content is fine to show what can be done and ideas on how to achieve it , the pictures and projects looked like they were from the 80 's . Our boat is from 1984 and we were looking to update it to 2011-2012 period , not 1985 . If you looking for interior design inspiration , look elsewhere . If you want to repair your 1980 's boat to it 's original period styling , this is a good resource .
 Absolutely basic information about boat interior.Good for beginers.Information about table chart and equipments are very old . We have XXI st century
 This book was terrible . The writer presented several interesting case studies of good companies doing bad things , and even of good companies doing good things , which was a well written 30 or so pages . The rest of the book was just nonsense or obvious ideals thrown in there so that the author would be able to sell the book instead of making it a smaller article .
 I was quite disappointed by the book - rather shallow rendering of facts , practically no analysis , theoritising without any practical conclusions . Simple internet search provides more useful information ...
 If you are into reading about how great and wonderful Prince Charles and Camilla are , and how Diana simply got in the way of their great romance , this is the book for you ... All books on royals seem to be one-sided and this one is clearly written by a fanatic of the monarchy ... which is fine , if that is what you want . Just do n't expect an unbiased read .
 I tried reading this yesterday as soon as I got it , but after the first three chapters , I had to put it down.I enjoy biographies that tell both the postive and negative side of a person or insitution ; this book mostly promotes the positive side of Prince Charles , and does n't really tell of his negative side .
 I love things about the royal family . But this book put me to sleep faster than a double dose of Ambian.Penny is a Prince Of Wales fan , through and through . And she quite likes Camilla . This felt like reading a book written by the Prince 's PR machine.The most disappointing book about the Windsors ever . Too much minutia and not enough substance . I agree , check it out of the library ! Caution . DO NOT BUY !
 Do n't waste your money on this book ! It is only a pep rally for Prince Charles . Diana comes off as a spoiled brat who could n't do anything right and Charles is a saint ! It takes two to ruin a marriage so I do n't think he 's blameless.It touches a bit on the rest of the royal family , but all of them come off as saints as well . Queen Elizabeth handled Diana 's death perfectly , and it was all Sarah 's fault that her and Andrew 's marriage collapsed.To write a book about anyone I think you have to see both sides and Penny Junor unfortunately , did n't do that . This is a big zero to me .
 This book is a total waste of time . It is highly subjective and very critical of Princess Diana . The rest of the royal family members come under scrutiny , but Diana fairs the worst . It is more than obvious that the author favors the queen and the Prince of Wales , especially the prince . The author lavishes praise on Kate Middleton and hopes that Middleton and Prince William will settle down and live happily ever after and bring credibility and respectability to the monarchy . Give me a break ! I found the book to be tactless and devoid of any substance .
 This study guide really upset me . It just a bunch of questions , but without answer . What good does a study guide do when there is just question but no answer . If you wonder why I bought the book is that because this book bundle with the textbook , it is the package I bought , and non-refunable once you unwrapped the book . The text is an excellent book . If there is anything lower than a 1 star , I will give it to this book .
 The book discusses everything under the sun except what the title of the book promises . There is an entire chapters on the history of individualism , collectivism , and Utilitarianism . There is an entire chapter reviewing the latest EFL curriculi . There is still another entire chapter on gender differences in thinking . If you 're interested in that last topic , get `` You Just Do n't Understand '' by Deborah Tannen , because that 's where the authors get most of their information.Here is the sum total of the valued information which I got from the book : -- the term `` lumping fallacy '' -- the terms `` Gemeinschaft '' and `` Gesellschaft '' -- the words `` taciturn '' and `` voluble '' -- Asians prefer being addressed by their adopted English names than by their Asian names . -- Asians tend to state the premises first and the conclusion last , whereas Westerners tend to state the conclusion first and the premises last . -- In Asian society , it is considered improper for a student to introduce a new topic in class.For a North American who lives in South Korea and who has a serious need to communicate better with the people , this is disappointing .
 Graves , author of the brilliant `` I , cluaudius '' has created an empty exercise in scholasticism . Even the most prominent claim of the novel - that J.C. was king of the jews by his relation to the edomite - non jewish -LRB- converted -RRB- king Herod is absurd . As a native of the region , I noticed that the pilgramige of the family from Egypt to jerusalem , passes - for some reasons - in Galeele , which is a detour of at least 200 miles . There is no merit in these writings , just some guy sitting in a library copying bits from various books , and probably just making up stuff . Jesus , one of Humanity 's greatest spiritual teachers , is reduced by Graves to a mad librarian spuoting out page after page of the most ridiculous conjunctions of every bit of stale trivia you can imagine - most of which just do n't make any sense.Graves must have been using a fualty translation of the Bible , because he keeps making mistakes in the meaning of certain words , on top of which he builds babilonian towers of misinterpretation . Except for a few sensational conjunctions , i do n't feel that I 've learned anything interesting or substantial about J.C. , sorry.The only remedy , is to consider this text as purely fictitious , and even then it 's cumbersome , with little story and long `` theological '' and pseudo-historic debate.It 's a shame becuase Graves is a good writer.P.S . if I may be bold for a moment , and assume Graves position of dismantler of texts , I might suggest that the whole notion of J.C. 's kingdom is not an earthly one - but rather refers to a hightened state of spiritual development : `` The Kingdom of God is within you ''
 This book is not an easy read ; to many diversions within the story to get excited about the character . It hurt my `` head '' to try and stay with it . I enjoy reading , but this book takes the joy out of reading ! It has taken me months to get to the 6th chapter
 Yet another comedic attempt to create a politically popular view of an historic period about which much is known.Perfect vehicle to `` slop '' the masses .
 There is very little that is truthful , historical , or virtuous about this book . Robert Graves was a Liberal and Atheistic classicist who wanted to give his own perverse , ungodly , and blasphemous misrepresentation of the life of Jesus Christ . This work is nothing but a tool of the Devil to deceive the ignorant and those sophisticated reprobates who are `` ever learning but never able to come to the knowledge of the truth . '' Sadly , Graves is now suffering the vengeance of God 's wrath in hell for his unbelief and blasphemy . Others who believe his lies , as well as those Liberal cult followers of the Da Vinci Code , will likewise fall into the same ditch . Readers beware !!!
 The Wealth of the Nations is an outstanding work of one of the most important men of the social sciences , the father of economics , Adam Smith.Although the full work is included in this book , including the often forgotten last two books of the Wealth of Nations , this edition has no introduction , and its table of contents has numbers pointing to the wrong pages . In addition , this edition makes the book too large and thus very uncomfortable for the reader to hold while reading.I highly suggest reading the Wealth of Nations , but I also strongly suggest to avoid this edition . Prefer the Bantam Classics edition .
 Buy the Liberty Fund Glasgow edition instead of this . This , the Modern Library edition , contains an introduction and footnotes that essentially amount to Adam Smith as interpreted by 20th century socialists -- placing Smith and Karl Marx at the same level in the pantheon of social thinkers . -LRB- One can imagine that the Modern Library may continue the trend and subsequently publish an edition of the Federalist Papers in which Madison is compared with Pol Pot . -RRB- If you wish to understand Smith , avoid this edition . If , however you want to gain a muddled perspective on The Wealth of Nations , go no further .
 And it 's incomplete in interesting ways . The editors have redacted certain passages from the text which indicate that Smith was not the free-market lover that modern neoclassical economists want to pretend he was . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- This is a warning for those who have bought the Promtheus edition of the Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith . It is abridged , and it seems to have been edited to the effect that Adam Smith appears as a market liberal . The following quotes are from the original book and are not found in the Prometheus edition . Judge yourself whether you would attribute these quotes to Smith . `` No tax can ever reduce , for any considerable time , the rate of profit in any particular trade which must always keep its level with other trades in the neighbourhood . '' -LRB- book 5 , chapter 2 -RRB- `` Civil government , so far as it is instituted for the security of property , is in reality instituted for the defence of the rich against the poor , or of those who have some property against those who have none at all . '' -LRB- book 5 , chapter 1 -RRB- You would do much better buying a complete version of the text rather than one selectively edited to skew the message.The Wealth Of Nations
 I have no criticism with Adam Smith 's `` Wealth of Nations . '' My criticism is with the Great Minds Series edition of the book . The Great Minds Series is an abridged version . Huge chunks have been edited out of the book , yet nowhere do they let you know this before making the purchase . I bought this book specifically because I wanted to cite it , and I ca n't because the parts I wanted to quote have been edited out.Adam Smith 's `` Wealth of Nations '' is a worthy book for any private library , but purchase an edition other than the one offered by the so-called `` Great Minds Series . ''
 I was origionally reading the text version of this book on the internet until the printed version came . I was downtroden , sickened , and even frightened to find that the Great Minds Series version of The Wealth of Nations is incomplete , yet gives no indication whatsoever of being so.The introduction and chapters 2 , 3 , and 4 of book 3 are simply not there . They are not even listed in the table of contents . There is no discrepency in the page numbers , or any other teletale indication that it is incomplete . It is not written anywhere that it is an abrigement.I want to point out how careless it is and how misleading to the reader in comprehending the philosophy of Adam Smith to print an incomplete book without any warning .
 Beware of the Everyman 's Library edition of this book -LRB- green hardcover , ribbon marker , isbn # 0-679-40564-X -RRB- . Book V dealing with the revenue of the sovereign has been completely ommitted . According to the introduction , this was to limit the book to one volume and keep the price low . I wish I had known this BEFORE I ordered the book since now I have to buy a different edition in order to read Book V . What a ripoff .
 This is not a review of Smith 's work , but more a review of how the book has been formatted for the Kindle.There is no TOC -LRB- at least not when I bought it in Aug 2010 -RRB- , which makes it horribly difficult and close to impossible to navigate through the many books and chapters in the Wealth of Nations.This one thing alone means that despite being free , this edition is practically useless , unless you are intent on reading the entire book in order and do n't intend to use this for any research . I would recommend getting a hard-copy of this , just because of the sheer volume of the Wealth of Nations , it is of greater use.Kindle-philes , please do n't go crazy over my recommendation of a hard-copy -LRB- How dare I ! -RRB-
 The greek tradition found virtue in the pursuit of rational self interest . That tradition later found expression in Adam Smith 's `` Wealth of Nations '' in which is posited a `` rational self-interest '' operating as an `` invisible hand '' upon `` free markets '' . Recent accounting crimes and corporate scandals , however , amount to enormous empirical evidence that `` laissez faire '' capitalism is a myth and the `` invisible hand '' is mere `` wishful thinking '' . It is obvious that there is no `` invisible hand '' which militates against crooks , charlatans , and fast buck artists now seen to have firmly ensconced themselves as much in the board rooms as among sleazy fly-by-nighters . Markets left to their own devices trend toward oligopoly in which oligarchs effect political plutocracy through the exercise of sheer political muscle , intimidation , fraud , and outright bribery.If there is an `` invisible hand '' , it has never moderated the rich and powerful . If a ruling cabal is to be moderated it must be done by political action.This is less a criticism of Smith himself than of modern economic conservatives and/or ` supply-siders ' who find in Smith -- ex post facto -- a rationalization for rapacious and monopolistic behavior . Smith is no more to be faulted for this than Darwin should be faulted for the excesses of `` Social Darwinism '' -- neither Social nor Darwin . `` Social Darwinists '' are most often associated with the age of the Robber Barons , providing them an ideological bias that justifies all manner of corporate crookedness and sleazy practices.To his credit , Smith himself feared the rise of monopoly power -- a fear which modern conservative commentary either does not understand or omits entirely.The picture is complicated , however by Immanuel Kant who assailed the pursuit of self interest in favor of `` good in and of itself '' -- a `` categorical imperative '' . It is a moral standard that no one , of course , can live up to . Nevertheless , Kant became the other great influence upon American conservative thought -- though I can not give most contemporary conservatives credit for having actually read Kant or , for that matter , understanding him.Yet -- Kant may be found lurking beneath the ideological surface of the extreme right-wing and the religious right which seeks to impose upon us a `` transcendental '' reality and morality whether we like it or not.It is unfortunate that Kant himself defined this `` transcendent reality '' -- which he calls the noumena -- as being unknowable . If follows , by definition , that one can not make meaningful statements about it , but that has not kept righteous ideologues from deducing from this `` unknowable '' value judgments and imposing those values judgments on others . By definition , nothing meaningful can be said about whatever is `` unknowable '' ! We are given a choice of two mutually exclusive alternatives
 This book has two massive and core problems , each one of them large enough to make this book incredibly , even dangerously , misleading.The first problem of Adam Smith 's Wealth of Nations is not to be found in identifying all those familiar , and illogical anomalies that have been proven through experience false , and are well known -LRB- the `` invisible hand '' and others -RRB- ; nor the fact that Smith completely hides the history of his own country -LRB- how after the English civil war the English pursued an incredibly protectionist series of policies -RRB- ; but that all these complaints can be seen as stemming from one underlying problem in Smith 's analysis
 I ordered this book for my son . He moved a couple of years ago . His former address was at his place of business but I wanted the book sent to his home . When I tried to type in his new address instead of the old one I could n't get the site to accept it so I exited the website . I received an email the next day saying that the book had been shipped to the old address . He checked with the new business there and they never got the dilivery .
 A short note for those about to enter into the world of Adam Smith - Take time to examine Book V , parts I-III . You 'll notice that Smith , quite contrary to his Laisse-faire proponants , is elucidating the beginnings of Keynes , rather than the Milton Freeman view . `` The duty of the sovereign or commonwealth is that of erecting and maintaining those public institutions and those public works , which ... -LSB- are -RSB- of such a nature , that the profit could never repay the expanse to any individual or small number of individuals , and which it therefore can not be expected that any individual or small number of individuals should erect or maintain . '' -LRB- Smith , Adam The Wealth of Nations , pg . 681 -RRB-
 The Everyman 's Library version is abridged -- without being advertised as so , either on Amazon OR anywhere inside the book!The Wealth of Nations is a pivotal work in the history of economics and human nature , but you 'd be better off finding an edition that includes the entire work.The Wealth of Nations -LRB- Everyman 's Library -RRB-
 I purchased the kindle edition and encountered several problems . First , it is not clear which version of The Wealth of Nations I am reading ! The book evolved over time so it would really help to know which print version was turned into the kindle version . But there is nothing in the kindle book about publication date , etc.Second , the kindle version includes myriad typos . It reads as if the document was scanned but never proofread . That would be annoying if it were free but is unacceptable for a book that cost $ 1.00 . -LRB- Sure , just $ 1 , but I can get a typo ridden version for free elsewhere and I assumed the fee represented some quality control . -RRB- Smith suggests that when a merchant provides poor quality goods , consumers should go elsewhere . Count this as one small strike against Amazon and the Kindle . Come on , Amazon , you know your product would be more valuable if you had some quality control.The book itself is , of course , a classic . Just get a better edition .
 I was unable to read the book because the print in the book was very small.Very disappointed but will look for a different version or publisher .
 I wo n't offer any critique on the book 's contents , but for a book that was methodically written and ordered into books , chapters , parts , and then articles , this particular version undoes all of this . There is no indication from page to page where you are in this book , making it impossible to flip back to the beginning of a chapter or book . The reader is constantly driven back to the contents to find subjects which may be only a few pages away . I would n't recommend this book for a class setting at all , since one must page back and forth to find which section they are in and there are no numbered paragraphs .
 The Kindle edition has NO hyperlinks in the document . It gets better.When you search on the word `` chapter , '' none of the chapter beginnings are found , supposedly because the chapter heading is an IMAGE , not text.I 'll try other editions , and if needed , a download from Mobi , and report back on whether I can find a version of this book that can be used with a linked Table of Contents .
 `` The Wealth of Nations '' is more readable than you probably think , and if you actually sit down to it you 'll be repeatedly astounded by Smith 's shrewdness.But parts of Smith 's original can be tough going in many ways . Why do n't publishers acknowledge this by coming out with something more helpful than just the raw text?Unfortunately , finding an edition that will be of great use to you is problematic . That 's why I 'm giving this book 1 star
 Another reviewer is correct in that there are SIGNIFICANT PORTIONS of the book missing in the Great Minds Series -LRB- green and black cover -RRB- . In one instance , I noted that 150 pages were converted into 14 ! Also , Book IV Chapter VII is missing parts 2 and 3 -LRB- also quite lengthy portions of the piece -RRB- . Go with a complete version if you 're going to bother to tackle this book , or especially if you are focussing on one particular idea -LRB- since that may be one that they cut out ! -RRB- ... Smith may be wordy , but to cut out such an enormous amount degrades the integrity of the work . Shameful to nowhere state that LARGE chunks of this classic are absent ... at least be forthcoming!If you choose a more complete version you 'll get to read a classic from a better economist than a writer , but still a fantastic piece of work . Smith does tend to try to overexplain things , but you get use to his style and can appreciate that he just wants to make sure that you get his point.AMMENDMENT : Upon discussion with my Economics professor , it is possible that this green book was one of the author 's first versions -LRB- which he apparently edited and added to more than once -RRB- . I still say that the publisher should be more clear about the version , and that if you want his most recent updates and complete work , to look elsewhere .
 Adam Smith 's `` The Wealth of Nations '' is one those great Classics that almost everyone should read . But if you intend buying a copy , be very careful which version you buy . Why , you ask?It 's out in the public domain and a plethora of reprints are available , a great many from Print on Demand Publishers and there are some truely awful reprints available . Amazon associates reviews of a book with many different versions of the same book from different publishers . Unfortunately for us customers , Amazon is seeing a growing plague of low-quality Print-On-Demand Publishers who are specialise in reprinting copyright-expired books . Such as `` The Wealth of Nations . '' Some of these publishers produce quite good quality books , some do not . What you do need to do is check the publisher carefully for all these older `` copyright expired '' books.An outstanding example of `` not good quality '' is the version of `` The Wealth of Nations '' published by General Books LLC . This version is scanned in using OCR technology -LRB- and using pretty poor quality OCR scanning equipment and software from the look of their books -RRB- , is overall of very poor print quality , uses automated reproduction with no index , no illustrations and an excessive number of typos.Lest you doubt , here 's some word for word quotes from the publisher 's own web site : `` We created your book using OCR software that includes an automated spell check . Our OCR software is 99 percent accurate if the book is in good condition . However , with up to 3,500 characters per page , even one percent can be an annoying number of typos ... '' `` After we re-typeset and designed your book , the page numbers change so the old index and table of contents no longer work . Therefore , we usually remove them . Since many of our books only sell a couple of copies , manually creating a new index and table of contents could add more than a hundred dollars to the cover price ... '' `` Our OCR software ca n't distinguish between an illustration and a smudge or library stamp so it ignores everything except type . We would really like to manually scan and add the illustrations . But many of our books only sell a couple of copies ... '' `` We created your book using a robot who turned and photographed each page . Our robot is 99 percent accurate . But sometimes two pages stick together . And sometimes a page may even be missing from our copy of the book . We would really like to manually scan each page and buy multiple copies of each original . But many of our books only sell a couple of copies ... `` For the buyer that 's not aware of this publisher this can result in a rather unfortunate purchasing decision as General Books LLC are all poor quality , tiny -LRB- almost unreadable -RRB- fonts and they do n't bother to reproduce little things like Table of Contents or Indexes.A good rule of thumb for these Print on Demand publishers is to take a look at the cover - if it 's a good quality illustration that reflects the content , there 's a table of contents , and when you do the Look Inside thing there 's no disclaimer saying you 're looking at another version of the book , and they 've stated that they used facsimile reproduction technology -LRB- rather than OCR -RRB- , it 's usually a pretty safe bet . Conversely , if any of these are missing , you 're taking a chance on the quality . I 've bought a few based on my selection criteria above and they 've been good quality . General Books LLC however , is a publisher to steer clear of at all costs.If you have been unfortunate enough to buy the General Books LLC version by mistake , you can return to Amazon for a full refund -LRB- but check Amazon 's return policy and process first -RRB- .
 Look at the bottom of the Wikipedia page , there are links to the unabridged ebook for free in both kindle and the standard format -LRB- as the copyright is long expired -RRB- .
 This huge , collector 's edition is HEAVY , the font is small , and there is a ridiculous amount of margin area for writing . I take copious notes , but this is even too much for me . So in effect , you buy this supposedly beautifuly collector 's edition , but it 's shiny paper back - what 's so great about it ? Nothing . I 'm not even sure why it costs so much . I 've seen numerous errors in spelling . The value does n't equal what you pay for it . Go for the lighter editions , unless , like other reviewers , you buy this merely to sit on your shelf to impress people -LRB- or yourself -RRB- . As for the book , Adam Smith is thorough , it 's hard work to get through it , but his principles are sound and when left to work without government regulation , the precepts taught therein work beautifully . Smith gets five stars . The Premium Edition is lucky to get two .
 When they say `` abridged '' they are not kidding ! It seems that they have abridged out about 90 % of the original script.This version consists of only 6 discs.This audio version is so shortened as to make it essentially useless.Better to just buy the book or try to find an audio version unabridged.Leo Wagner
 I do n't recommend you this abridged audio book . Please get the complete audio , and that 's why.This book is so widely cited and interpreted contrary to the author 's original thought , that every economist should read it completely to avoid being misled by such incorrect interpretations.First , let us take the `` invisible hand '' metaphor . When I have studied economy in the University , I was taught that almost the entire book is devoted to the `` invisible hand '' which means `` self-corrective markets '' , `` liberalism '' , `` Laissez-faire '' and `` state non-intervention '' . After reading this book , I have found out that Adam Smith did use the term `` invisible hand '' only once in the entire book , in the discussion of domestic versus foreign trade.To illustrate the point , let me quote the text where term `` invisible hand '' is used
 I would not buy this edition . The printing is terribly small . Its about half the size of normal print . And there is no introduction . Usually these types of works have some sort of preface which introduces the reader to the material .
 Adam Smith 's `` The Wealth of Nations '' has led U.S. trade policy for decades , if not longer . Voter thinking 11/03/09 focused on jobs and the economy , and sent a clear message of dissatisfaction with economic progress to-date . Smith 's recommendations have had a large role in creating that dissatisfaction . Private sector employment has dropped since 2000 , home ownership and median family income are down since 1998 and the proportion living in poverty has risen . The topic 's importance was re-emphasized 11/06/2009 with the release of data showing the unemployment rate continuing to climb - now 10.2 % -LRB- not counting those who have given up looking , or are working only part-time -RRB- . Adam Smith and Free Enterprise are not working ; meanwhile , China 's GDP is growing 8.5 % . Reinvigorating Main Street America 's employment picture , however , will not be easy . Problems have been building for years , long before the sub-prime crisis . Some believe automation is the major source of recent job losses . However , it is difficult to look at the constant parade of long trains carrying shipping containers inland , or the millions of illegals turning up all across America , and conclude that this is the case . Substantial improvement on Main Street will primarily require drastically limiting Smith 's ` Free Trade . ' Free Trade supporters repeatedly cite the imposition of Smoot-Hawley tariffs as substantially deepening and prolonging the Great Depression , and conclude that we must not turn protectionist . Reality , however , is that prior to Smoot-Hawley , the 1929 Trade Surplus was an insignificant 0.38 % of our GDP , and could not possibly have had significant impact even if lost entirely . True , international trade plays a much bigger role than in 1930 - however , the fact that we 've run large and increasing trade deficits for decades is prima-facie evidence that eg . no trade whatsoever would at least stop the bleeding.As for Adam Smith 's famous Free Trade support , that occurred 200 + years ago - before across-the-board very large and low-cost competitors like China , India , Japan , Korea , Taiwan , and Vietnam , the Internet , jet planes , and massive cargo ships made a much large proportion of economies vulnerable to offshoring than ever before . We need to also remember that protectionism is what allowed the U.S. and its new Asian competitors to achieve their original economic strength . -LRB- Smith himself warned against taking Free Trade too far - such that a nation 's security was endangered . -RRB- Free Trade defenders might assert that manufacturing and IT have borne the brunt of offshoring to date , and their future offshoring is not likely to increase . Recent trends and data , however , suggest service jobs will increasingly also become affected . American firms are already establishing R&D ; facilities in China ; Asian competitors not only have a cost advantage competing for engineering work , they also have the advantage of greater experience in production gained through producing our manufactures . Unfortunately , this also provides them with a natural lead-in to new areas - eg . offshored CRT-tube manufacturing experience helped Asians in new areas of plasma , LCD , photovoltaic , solar , and LED screen development and manufacturing , and this trend probably will extend into nanotubes as well . Data reported in Business Week 's 11/09/2009 issue confirms the shift - over the past year , U.S. employment of scientists and engineers has fallen by 6.3 % , while overall employment has fallen only 4.1 % . Proposed U.S. economic remedies frequently suggest increasing the proportion of Americans receiving college degrees as a defense against offshoring . Alan Blinder , former Federal Reserve Vice-Chairman and current economics professor at Princeton , warns that the key distinction in whether a job is likely to be offshored or not will be in whether a particular service is delivered in person -LRB- haircuts , brain surgery -RRB- or not -LRB- computer programing -RRB- - not whether it is education intensive . -LRB- Elective brain surgery can also be offshored . -RRB- Thus , a college degree may no longer be a panacea . Blinder also believes it is quite likely that offshoring -LRB- unless changed -RRB- will depress the real wages of many U.S. workers who do not lose their jobs , the offshoring transition will continue for 2 - 3 decades and bring gross potential job losses in the range of 30 - 40 million , and that American standards of living will decline . Proposals by still others to deal with offshoring job losses via more jobs in high-tech areas -LRB- eg . biotechnology -RRB- become ludicrous when viewed in the light of these numbers . Professor Blinder 's suggestion makes much more sense - increased vocational education.Additionally , some Free Trade defenders contend that Chinese labor costs will soon become non-competitive . There are two problems with relying on this ` defense : ' 1 -RRB- Chinese productivity has also increased considerably . Economist Steven Roach -LRB- author of `` The Next Asia '' -RRB- lives and works in China and reports that productivity in China 's industrial sector surged nearly 20 % / year from 2000-2004 . Further , even after six years of double-digit increases , average hourly compensation for Chinese manufacturing workers was only 3 % that of the U.S. average in 2004 . -LRB- It 's difficult to get reliable up-to-date information on China . -RRB- 2 -RRB- By 2020 it is estimated that there will be 553 million non-agricultural workers in China - 100 million more than in all the developed world , according to Martin Jacques in `` When China Rules the World . `` Others contend that China can not continue its rapid economic growth without Democracy , something it shows few signs of doing . Jacques , on the other hand , provides data showing that most Chinese believe the political climate has improved since 1989 -LRB- Tienanmen Square -RRB- , and 72 % of its population are satisfied with the condition of the country vs. only 39 % in the U.S. -LRB- As for the widely reported large number of civil disturbances within China reported each year , Jacques contends most have nothing to do with the central government - eg . local land issues . -RRB- Finally , there is the large and growing problem of illegal immigrants taking jobs from American citizens . The U.S. already has enough problems finding work for its own citizens , and the problems are going to become much more severe via currently unfettered offshoring . It is numerically impossible for the U.S. to also provide jobs for the current number of illegal immigrants from Mexico , Central , and South America - we must sharply reduce the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the U.S.Bottom Line
 I had to buy this book for a class that I hated and almost could n't force myself to read it . I had such a hard time with it and found it incredibly boring and confusing . I would never read this book for fun . Unfortunately it does talk about a lot about important things and I could sound like an educated person if I had read it but I just ca n't understand it . Maybe when I 'm over 50 I 'll be more interested since I might have a genuine interest in what the book talks about , instead of being forced to read it for a class that I hated so much .
 Note that the complete edition of Adam Smith 's Wealth of Nations is usually published in two volumes . The only exception I 'm aware of is the University of Chicago Press ' edition , which specifically states that it is `` two volumes in one ; '' note that this means double-numbering , as the page numbers restart for the second `` volume '' . The reason that it usually comes in two volumes is that it is a very , very long work , totaling over 1000 pages , and abridgement is apparently so common that it is n't stated directly by publishers . So , if the edition you 're considering buying has less than 1000 pages , it is either only one of the two volumes , or it is abridged . It does n't help that Amazon often provides the `` inside pages '' of a different edition from the one you 're viewing , so if you want to check the table of contents to see just what 's in a particular edition , you may be misled . If what you want is the complete work look for something that indicates that it is `` unabridged '' .
 Out of necessity , whenever an original work is `` abridged , '' the abridger must make a value judgment regarding what in the original work is worthwhile -LRB- and will be preserved -RRB- , and what is not of relevance , and will thus be discarded and placed beyond your view . So `` abridging '' really means `` editing , '' which means running the original work through the `` value filters '' of the editor/abridger . Unfortunately , much of the inspired and inspiring wisdom that Adam Smith toiled long to place in `` The Wealth of Nations '' has been edited out in this abridgment , to the point , at least in my opinion , where much of the real meat has been removed and much of what remains is merely milk , that is more appropriate for the simpler mind of a suckling child.Opting for an audio book , rather than taking the time to read the real thing , in and of itself is a significant compromise that forgoes the greater value of being able to pause and contemplate what you have read , and to then do whatever rereading is necessary in order to really evaluate and grasp what is being said.I realize that our lives are often so busy that we feel a legitimate need to make these kinds of compromises whenever we can . Although you can probably get away with a compromise like that with your recreational fiction , believe me , this is NOT the appropriate time or place to do that ! If you are going to opt for the audio version out of necessity and convenience , then do n't also opt for the cliff notes version that has already had much of the meat taken out of it by an editor/abridger that thinks he knows better what you need to learn from Adam Smith . If something is calling you to partake of the vast wisdom that is within `` The Wealth of Nations , '' then do it with a commitment to really benefit from the journey . Take a pass on an abridgment ! I think you will be glad you did ! Dale Gwilliam - Phoenix , Arizona
 This book was okay . It spoke about how gays deal with sexual orientation issues in the workplace . The good thing about it is that it included case studies of a gay black man and a bisexual white woman ; so the authors were trying to think about diversity within the LGBT community . However , this book is simplistic and does n't say much . There are large-scale studies and anthologies out there about gays in the workplace that are more thorough , and just better . You should consider reading this , after you 've read all the other stuff on the topic .
 This guide is ambiguous and provides very little information about obscure topics such as inversive geometry . The text is difficult to comprehend not because of its vocabulary , but because it tend to veer off course . Although the subject matter is interesting , it is very difficult to expose when confronted to diagrams that are basically not explained . This could not be used as a classroom guide because it tends to confound even gifted math students . An interesting remark was made , which was , `` I think he 's going to start talking about his dog right now . '' This book would only be reccomended to the top 2 % of math students , because it is not accesible to the general public . I should hope that someone who reads this book writes a revision of it .
 When I found this book , I thought that I had found a scientifically-based book about zero-point energy . Oh how wrong I was . Jeane Manning gives us absolutely no reason to believe that zero-point energy can be tapped , yet assumes it can.In Chapter Eight , page 97 , which is about cold fusion , Manning writes
 Having read Ms. Manning 's book , it is obvious that she has somehow managed to overlook perhaps the most important pioneer and innovator of what she calls the `` free energy '' movement : JOSEPH W. NEWMANIt is incredible to me that she could write such a book without including Joseph Newman 's long struggle to bring forth his revolutionary technology . Writing such a book without featuring the work of Joseph Newman is as ridiculous as writing a book about the history of aviation and omitting any reference to the Wright Brothers.I would suggest that she view his website videos at : ... and perhaps she would discover the essential nature of his successful and innovative technology.Gary
 too many conspiracy theories and not enough on why the `` pioneers '' of the new-energy field have n't had their experiments reproduced.i had high hopes for this book , but it turned out to be downright annoying to read . in the latest incarnation of the `` energy crisis '' , a solid book on the next big thing in energy is needed -- this one ai n't it .
 I found the book to be very general and basic . Most of the information I already knew . There are methods of retrofitting old windows I have seen on home type programs that lightly discuss these topics and which the book does not . Also , the book could use a lot more diagrams and discussions on finishes and paint . The book limits itself to actually restoring to original working condition old windows and nothing about updating . This book is for beginners except that for beginners there should be a lot more pictures . I did find some good tips but not the information I was personally hopeing to find . I am selling the book back .
 An important part of window DIY is the glazing . I was surprised to see the author 's very brief comments on the subject and recommended having glazing done by a hardware store or glazier . Basic book that I knew most of already or got the same information from the instructions on the back of the glazing can . Drawings were sketchy and of little use . I did n't care much for the writing style
 Goes a mile wide and an inch deep . I would rather the same book but each chapter by an expert in that area with a lesson/example .
 The book by Mark Twain is probably OK . But this edition is made unacceptably sloppily . File names of illustration files are printed instead of illustrations . Page headings appear anywhere on the page , no layout whatsoever was applied . Besides it contains only one of four -LRB- ? -RRB- volumes without mentioning the fact anywhere.In short
 I kinda liked this book for awhile . Some strange humor and interesting to see what is was like to travel at the time of Twain . I thought it was a litte long and boring and though -LRB- only read 3/4 of it -RRB- . Not very exciting and a lot of quotes from other esoteric sources . Also , he makes reference to Arabian nights while in India . Are n't those stories set in the middle east and north africa ? -LRB- kinda lame -RRB-
 I didnt like this book one bit . It was too long , too boring and it was terribly written . One star and dont buy it
 Intersting in some areas but boring all around
 Ms. Ellison 's book is an interesting one , from the sheer fact that it tries to tackle head-on Kentucky 's past , exposing the scandals , corruption and deceit which has occurred during the course of more than 100 years . It is true that quite a few of the issues and information Boles brings up have not generally been reported in the -LSB- relatively vast -RSB- literature which has been published on the most successful college basketball program in history . It also no doubt took courage for Ellison to examine more recent events and to force the powers that be to divulge this information.However , despite the courage and despite the years she spent researching and writing the book , it does n't make it an extremely reliable one , nor one which should be considered objective . Ellison 's tone and assumptions about distant people and their motivations strain any credibility the book might otherwise deserve . According to her , anyone and everyone who was ever associated with UK athletics automatically joins the `` good old boys , '' a undefined and apparently timeless network of morally corrupt people she refers to throughout the text who , according to her , do nothing but drink , gamble , swear and spend their time trying to cheat and swindle money from the University , break amateur regulations and otherwise undermine academic progress at the University.One example is her characterization of John J. Tigert , who was a distinguished graduate of Vanderbilt , a Rhodes Scholar , chair of Philosophy at UK , Commissioner of Education for the Harding and Coolidge administrations , President of the University of Florida where he played the key role in expanding the university while strengthening the academics and research and also helped plan India 's system of higher education . Despite these seemingly impressive academic credentials , Ellison lumps him in as just another of the `` good old boys . '' Tigert assumed athletic director and coaching responsibilities in the teens for the UK men 's basketball team -LRB- and later women 's basketball team -RRB- when the head coach abruptly quit.This type of characterization of those associated with UK athletics is repeated time and again in the book . In lieu of facts , she often intersperses her own personal commentary and assumptions . Items such as `` I suspect ... '' or `` I 've always felt ... '' are randomly interspersed throughout the text . That 's not to say that the criticism Ellison dishes out is n't on-target or deserved , I 'm sure a lot of it is , however Ellison is apparently not objective enough to discern either way and unwilling to back up her assertions with hard facts . Her penchant for casting everything related to those associated with UK in a negative manner makes it virtually impossible for the reader to determine what is valid and what is not , and ultimately to take much of it seriously.Her broad characterizations do n't just pertain to individuals , but is used to broadly sweep events also . Her characterization of the development of Kentucky sporting life up until the late 1800 's is `` With no Indians to be chased , Kentuckians looked for another avenue of action and a way to settle their arguments . '' Ellison also fails to put the athletics program into proper perspective . While today it is a multi-million dollar enterprise , that was certainly not always the case . More often than not , the early sports teams played to a handful of spectators , little to no media coverage , a shoe-string budget and no scholarships . I would liken it to `` club '' status at Universities today . Yet Ellison 's portrayal of people associated with UK athletics as being in some sort of grand scheme to become outrageously wealthy and powerful through UK athletics , whether it appears realistic for the time or not . Whether she 's discussing the 1990 's or the 1890 's , it 's of little consequence in Ellison 's portrayal of sports at Kentucky as a powerful negative force.In terms of accuracy and knowledge of the subject , Ellison often misses in a lot of places and exposes her own shaky knowledge of the topics at hand . For example , she claims Central University was in Richmond in 1913 , when the university had moved to Danville the decade previous . She boldly claims that UK 's all-time record is incorrect , because she ` discovered ' that UK had an exhibition game which was n't counted . Any casual fan knows that exhibition games are n't counted in all-time results . She apparently did n't realize that Helms titles prior to the early 1940 's were awarded retroactively etc.Her characterization of the 1913 Arson Scandal is a complete mess . In typical fashion , she paints the situation in the worst possible light , glossing over many key details and freely interspersing her own prejudices into the motivations and habits of the main characters , all of whom are long since deceased . Instead of trying to understand why people may have acted the way they did given the circumstances , Ellison assumes the worst about people she could n't possibly have known and then moves on to throw mud on the next person.Perhaps more revealing is that much of what Ellison discusses in the early part of her book was covered much more thoroughly and more objectively by Gregory Kent Stanley , who received a PhD in history from UK -LRB- the very same program Ellison was in -RRB- and published `` Before Big Blue '' many years before Ellison 's book came out . Only with the aid of Stanley 's book can much of Ellison 's casual , slanted and spotty portrayal of early events make any sense . Amazingly , Stanley 's book is n't mentioned once in Ellison 's extensive references or bibliography.Given the poor job Ellison did concerning the early years of UK , one has to wonder how valid her portrayal of later years are . Which is a shame , since as mentioned , a lot of the more recent information and situations detailed in the book are simply not found anywhere else to date .
 The first time I read this book it was called Bluegrass Conspiracy , with good sources . This piece of trash is from someone who has little to no first hand knowlege of the University of Kentucky . She claims to be behind the scenes . What scenes , she had no real connection to the program . She seems to be mean spirited and bitter towards people who she has never met or had any meaningful contact with . Maybe it 's the fact that she was forced to go to the west coast to get this rag published , or the fact that the only place in Lexington that carries this book is the airport . The shock value of the book makes it entertaining reading , but the national enquirer is a lot cheaper -LRB- and more accurate -RRB- .
 Please tell me how I can , either speak to a customer service rep. or send a notice to someone . I received a book , with the proper title `` Kentucky 's Domaine of Power , Greed and Corruption '' , however upon opening it , I found that the contents were `` The Sighted Singer '' , a book on poetry . I have no idea on what I should do . I tried to get into my account , but have forgotten my password . I followed the procedure 3-4 times , and ca n't get an e-mail , from you giving me the password . Please e-mail me , as what I should do ... . If I do n't hear from ypu soon , I know nothing to but file a dispute with American Express , which will stop the payment . I would like to have the book , but I can find no way to speak yo anyone , except through this review . I hope you can help me .
 Mr. Zimmerman babbles on and on while attempting to cover a technical aspect of the Softdesk software . He repeats words and sentences , provides vague explanations , and includes incorrect data as part of the examples and practice work . I give him one star for trying .
 The author is good at telling WHAT Softdesk will do , but he fails miserably to explain HOW to do it . I gave up at page 80 . His writing is tedious and cryptic . I learned nothing .
 Carl Jung is highly respected by psychologists , both private and religious . I read some works by Jung on dreams and people who claimed they saw flying saucers . These so much impressed me that I also formed a high opinion of Jung . I then read Jung 's `` Answer to Job '' when I researched a book I wrote about `` Revelation and the Fall of Judea . '' I had read commentaries by many authors to make sure I understood what others had said . `` Answer to Job '' touched on the same topic . What an eye opener ! This man , so highly revered as an expert on human thinking , does n't himself understand who God is and what God has done , even with Job.Jung claims that God once was in a state of unconsciousness and was prodded by Lucifer , who was inclined to make use of God 's omniscience , into acting unfairly with Job . Job proved himself morally superior to God . God then became the human being , Jesus Christ , so he could suffer the way Job was made to suffer . Jung 's position surprised me because God was never in a state of unconsciousness . God is unchanging . Jung mentions Lucifer . I 'm surprised that Jung did n't believe the biblical text that it was Lucifer who brought suffering onto Job . Lucifer did it to demonstrate before God that Job would blaspheme God if Job experienced misfortune . God gave Lucifer permission to harass Job but set limits on what Lucifer could do . Job actually proved himself morally superior to Lucifer because , even when suffering misfortune , Job would not rebel against God , whereas , Lucifer , without any suffering , rebelled through pride.Job had three friends who tried to convince him that he offended God somehow , and that is why misfortune came . Their opinions were not true . Scripture has it that Lucifer brought misfortune to goad Job into rebellion . God permitted this because God had already informed Lucifer how faithful Job is . Now , under fire , Job 's faithfulness is tried and proven . Spiritual growth came out of Job 's suffering . That 's why God permitted it . When the book of Job ends , God told Job to pray for his three friends because their untrue advice had offended God . I 'm surprised Jung did n't pick up on that . God 's asking Job to pray for his friends is one of the keys to understanding the book of Job .
 A much better take on the book of Job and the problem of suffering is Ren&eacute; Girard 's book , `` Job
 Jung presents an interesting view of the book of Job , picking up on Job 's affirmation that he does n't deserve what 's been dealt to him . But this book should be seen as mearly Jung 's perception of the book , and as a reaction to a religion of Law , and not of Grace . He bases his interpretations on misquotations of the Bible and the apocrypha . I guess every power figure , even God , gets his words misrepresented in print .
 Let me start by saying that had I purchased this book 2 years ago when it was first released , I would have given it 5 stars.This is a very well-written book , with good explanations and sample code . However , the book is fairly out of date , and much of the performance tuning suggestions he makes do n't really apply as much when using the latest Oracle JDBC drivers and Oracle9 database . This book covers Oracle 8.1.6 , and a lot of changes have been made between that release and 8.1.7 and Oracle9.I recommend the newer `` Oracle 9i JDBC Programming '' book by Jason Price for much more current coverage of this topic .
 This book gives good coverage of Oracle 's JDBC implementation . That is about as far as it goes . This is just too close to being documentation . When purchasing books on a specific technology , I am looking for the author 's insight . Specific things the author learned while working with it . Give me best practices , suggestions , things to avoid , etc. . Tell me what I wo n't learn from Oracle 's docs , do n't just rewrite them .
 Looks like most of the material came from oracle documentation . Examples are very basic
 I have this book 1 star because it does n't cover Oracle9i in depth . This book is for Oracle8i programming , and therefore does n't cover the latest tuning stuffyou can use with the Oracle9i JDBC drivers .
 I felt a bit cheated buying this book as it does n't cover Oracle9i . It only covers 8i programming .
 The author is obviously a highly skilled pilot and has extensive experience . His recounting of the progress in the airline industry is very interesting . I bought the book expecting to read about progress in dealing with the problems encountered in adapting new technology and adjusting to the obviously over crowded skies . While the author states -LRB- over and over -RRB- that both are very real problems , he does not offer much in terms of what is being done to address the pilot 's ever expanding workload . He seems merely intent on convincing the reader that the industry and the FAA are out to get the pilot . This book is not so much a study of human factors as a pilot 's complaints about an industry that probably somehow just became something he no longer cared to be a part of .
 As an AVID embroiderer and feminist , I had see this book often over the years but had never gotten around to reading it . Ugh . Terrible ! I want my money back.The nicest thing to say is that it is very dated , and for the time , it was probably important . I just found it to be a very bad , boring , repetitive study that really does n't say much . She really just says the same thing over and over and over
 In every cheesy horror or sci-fi movie involving aliens or demons or pod people , there 's the almost-obligatory scene where the hero -LRB- ine -RRB- , having successfully slain the last -LRB- ? -RRB- of the evil critters , falls into the arms of his or her sidekick/romantic interest/significant other , only to come to the sickening realization that the person they are embracing has been taken over by the forces of darkness . The music crescendos in ominous cacophony ; the camera zooms in as the horrifying realization dawns across the protagonist 's face ... As I read this collection of stories , the third book by Padgett Powell , I experienced that exact same sinking feeling . Here 's an author whose first novel , `` Edisto '' , was one of the most enchanting books I had read in 1984 , the year it was published . So when I came across this collection in the second-hand book store , buying it seemed like a no-brainer . Caveat lector ! As it says in those indigestible mutual fund prospectuses that clog my mailbox daily , `` past success is no guarantee of future performance '' . In this case , the warning signals were loud and clear . Had I just taken the time to do a little skimming in the store , I would have surely seen the warning signs . `` Stories '' with titles like `` Mr. Irony Renounces Irony '' , `` Dr. Ordinary '' , `` General Rancidity '' , `` Mr. Nefarious '' , `` Miss Resignation '' . These sound like homework assignments from a graduate writing workshop in hell , and that 's pretty much the way they read as well . Mr. Powell apparently thinks this kind of thing may be passed off as writing : `` Dr. Ordinary found solace in nothing . He found his shoes untied during surgery . He found his mother once , when she was in her sixties , naked in the bathtub calling for a fresh martini . He found bluebirds too far south . He found pies too sweet to eat . He found God with no difficulty , but locating his belief another matter . `` And so on , for a total of three wretched pages , and sixty repetitions of the phrase `` He found . . '' . If this kind of thing strikes you as insufferable , you are unlikely to find `` General Rancidity '' , which is just more of the same with the verb ` run ' instead of the verb ` find ' , any better.It gets worse . Four of the ` stories ' are named for states
 This book was published in the early 1980s . It claimed that there was a grass roots movement that was going to change society in what I would call a very new agey liberal type way but on the other hand a few times in this book it hails `` captains of industry and finance , foundation officials and university programmers , tv producers and scions of old American wealth '' as being a driving force behind this `` grass roots '' movement . Sounds like social engineering from the highest levels of society to me.These types that adopt many of these ideas are what the Communists called `` useful idiots '' The type of people that would champion this book and the ideas in it are the types that love -LRB- from their armchair or as a detached fashionable accessory of course -RRB- globalism , Obama , pseudo environmentalism , new age religions and ideas , they love the idea of multi-culturalism and the global village , but yet they are the most isolated of white people . This species is most common in the pacific northwest and California.Reading this book made me feel like I was being talked to for hours on end by a babbling new ager . Enjoy your new world order !
 Dear Oh Dear ... Another paganistic and beastly concoction disguised as spiritual awakening . Obviously influenced by the likes of A A Bailey , H P Blavatsky , Aleister Crowley and other Beastly doers of deception . Notice the 666 slightly camouflaged but still blatantly obvious on the front cover ? I urge you to read this but to be analytical and on your guard as many of the buzzwords and phrases have alternative meanings . Good people DO NOT be fooled by this ungodly attempt at corrupting the hearts and minds of vulnerable people . May the true God -LRB- not some spirit of the earth or a LSD-trip -RRB- bless you all .
 Have you noticed the symbol on the cover of the book ? It is disguised cleverly . It is the mark of the beast 666 . The same symbol as the Trilateral commission , and other organizations . Open your eyes people and see what you are reading . This is a perfect example of the War between God and Satan . Please study what this woman stands for before you read this book , so you will be more prepared to understad what is going on .
 Most either love it or hate it . It has been hailed as the handbook of the New Age . Most New Agers have a well thumbed copy on their shelf . Fundies decry it as the Devil 's work . It is still selling in the `` crystal dolphin '' bookshops.There are many laudable sentiments and good intentions in this book . There are reasonable positions passionately argued for . There is even a lot of truth . However , it does suffer from a typical New Age problem . In her optimism , the author paints a very rosy picture . Although she may not say it , the impression one is left with is that one can gain enlightenment on a weekend workshop , or on an acid trip.Countless conspirators have ended up either becoming disillusioned with the pervasive New Age charlatanry , or have gone `` off with the fairies '' after too many unguided excursions into `` alternative realities '' . The book is intellectually either dishonest or naive . It promotes the philosophical relativism that makes the most absurd delusions merely different `` realities '' . It really provides the popular culture in which the Post-Modernist lunatic fringe can be given some credence . In short , it is a recipe for escapism . One need only spend some time in New Age circles to see how far they are from the superior beings they tend to believe they are.The constant invocation of Kuhn 's magical mantra `` paradigm shift '' , lulls the reader into thinking that there is something scientific about the alchemical transformation implied . She further abuses science by claiming that there are two kinds of science , old & new , linear & non-linear . She uses science to give credence to her ideas , while at the same time discrediting science as a vision of a dead mechanistic universe . Her treatment of science , apart from being hypocritical , paints a very inaccurate picture of what science is actually about.As compelling and well written as this book is , it is seriously flawed . It does point out things that we could do better , but it has helped spawn an industry of self delusion . For anyone really interested in self development or spiritual exploration , I would strongly recommend Chogyam Trungpa 's `` Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism '' as an antidote to the less healthy aspects of the Aquarian Conspiracy.SweynThe Rune Primer
 The New Age Movement and Service to the Plan organized by the Rockefeller 's and the Club of Rome.The connection between Jewish Kabala / the Zohar and the religion practiced in ancient Babylon is the worship of the Baphomet.This is also the religion of the Masons i e skull and bones.The New World Order as envisioned by the Elite is hardly a recent undertaking . Their 's is aphilosophy rooted in ancient occult traditions . Success is near , and the infiltration of society byNew Age occultism is the reason for this success . The New World Order has never been solelyabout world government , rather , from the beginning its proponents have been privy to secretdoctrines and it is a spiritual plan more than anything.If one failed to take into account the occult nature of the New World Order , they would beremiss . The UN and the New Age have been bed-fellows since the beginning . America 's secretdestiny is the product of Rosicrucian and Freemason forefathers . The New Atlantis as proposed inFrancis Bacon 's work is almost at hand . The Ancient Mysteries are being studied for illuminationand enlightenment by the New World Order 's elite . Not to mention the New Age gurus -- dutifullyrecruiting on behalf of the Secret Brotherhood.In 1980 , Marylin Ferguson compiled and espoused a synthesis involving the theories oftransformation and the secret plan of the Aquarian Age . In her studies of the scientificadvancements of this age involving entropy and syntropy , holism , holographs , paradigm shifts , the uncertainty principle and evolution , she discovered that , `` for the first time an Americanrenaissance is taking place in all disciplines , breaking the boundaries between them , transformingthem at their farthest reaches -- where they all converge . '' -LRB- The Aquarian Conspiracy p. 12 -RRB- BOUGHT AND PAID FOR BY ROCKEFELLER FOUNDATION This is how mind control is done.This is how public opinion is created from the top down.Get some goofy professor and pay for what you want . . Update 2012These rent a gurus meet every year in Hawaii , quite the exclusive club to organize strategy and Barbara Marx Hubbard wants to join the OWS this coming March 18 2012 on the equinox to usher in the transformation.You should read this woman 's trash.Most new agers believe the earth must be covered in blood and fire to transition from the old Picean age to Aquarius . -LSB- ... -RSB- ... Jack Canfield slapped together some of his rent-a-gurus , so he could get some cross-promo for his Chicken Soup books with them . Its clear now that Jack Canfield is the one behind The Secret , as I suspected.It was clearly his idea , and he put all the people together from his Transformational Leadership Council , including Rhonda Byrne , and set this entire thing up.Its nothing less than a new Chicken Soul franchise.In bookstores , there is an entire separate rack of Chicken Soup books.Now Jack Canfield wants to add another series ... The Secret series.Books from all the Gurus on The Secret . That 's about 30 books to start.Now I also believe that Oprah company Harpo probably also has a development deal with Jack Canfield and is taking a cut of the action . Its probable that Oprah and Jack have cut a deal for The Secret series , which they plan on being as big as Chicken Soup . Rhonda Byrne is just a PR flack , with movie skills .
 Thesis
 This book is wonderful is you wish to disparage and ridicule marian apparitions ; indeed , Mr. Garvey takes you on a tour of all the bogus , sad , uninspired and demented `` appartion '' sites in America . What he fails to do is show Church-approved , or even Church-approvable apparition sites . True , he is working in the American apparition milieu where Church-approved apparition sites are few and far between ; but reading this book , one might come away with the impression that Marian Apparitions are laughable , at best . For a more counterbalanced look at the phenomena read about Fatima , a fully Church approved apparition . For the truly skeptical , I recommend `` Encountering Mary '' by Sandra L. Zimdars-Swartz , a remarkable book which both believers and skeptics can appreciate . However , the book in question delivers nothing but snide commentary at a phenomena which has brought countless millions to a life of greater holiness .
 Besides grammatical mistakes and obvious errors in translation , the book does n't delve deep into the places it promises , and concentrates on analogies that play to the lay-est of laymen rather than focusing on the actual data and theories of neural networks . Chapters on neuroplasticity and feedback are worthwhile , but the book quickly derails onto a scene of neuroscientific generalism , which seems to be the popular fad among most brain books today , which seem to pass around the same cache of information on L-Dopa , homunculi , and Aplysia to take up a good 25 % of 75 % of the books in print . Good for an introduction to neural nets and semantic networks , but not a valuable reference .
 We have had Tanenbaum on our `` to read '' list for several years , and finally glommed onto `` Falsely Accused '' , number 8 in his Butch Karp -LRB- and wife Marlene Ciampi -RRB- series which approaches nearly 24 books now . Both protagonists are ex-assistant DA 's -LRB- indeed , the author 's own real `` day job '' -RRB- with a lot of legal experience . Marlene is mostly a stay at home mom now , raising 7-year-old Lucy , with another `` in the oven '' ; and Butch is now the only trial lawyer in a high flying private law firm at which he makes boatloads of money.Karp picks up a case involving a famous Chief Medical Examiner who has been obviously wrongfully discharged and defamed in the process . The question becomes `` why '' , which is about the only interesting part of this section of the novel . Meanwhile , Marlene decides to open a detective agency with an ex-cop to help women who have been battered by the men in their lives and who need further help , including , apparently , legal or illegal assistance in resolving their cases . While this sets up some interesting dialogue between our married couple re the ethics of such causes , it did little to endear that part of the plot to us either . The novel eventually gets suspenseful when -LRB- as often happens when two stories rotate throughout a book -RRB- the couple 's cases start to merge , but the getting there is slow and the ending fairly predictable.We found the author 's writing fine enough , but had trouble getting excited about the plot or the two main characters . Much of the book was boring , and our sticking to it was only rewarded late in the proceedings . While the author must have a huge following to have a two-dozen book bibliography , we were probably not sufficiently motivated to try another . Like some of Martini 's outings , dry !
 This was our 1st Robert Tanenbaum 's novel . We found we were waiting for the suspense as the title would suggest . We found it rambling on at times and hard to pick up . Maybe we have to read the previous Karp/Ciampi series and it would let us to get to know the characters better instead of just jumping in like the middle of a movie and try to guess who is who . The title and brief summary captured our attention then we felt let down by the end .
 I was looking for something a cut above the terrible dime store romance novels I read as a teenager . There are some things I really like about the book
 This book was n't for me.I loved it at the start , but then she added at least the stories of three other characters and that confused me so darn much ! I did n't feel the connection between Dev and Daisy as I did with other books . Another problem I have is that she has a lot of plot ideas that just fade out , and that really frustrated me.Dont get me wrong , some secondary character storylines can be good , but they have to be woven well together , where as this one seemed a bit random . I would n't recommend this to someone who was looking for a simple , heart-thudding , tummy turning romance . It was quite plain in my opinion .
 I do n't really like it when they put ebooks that cost money on the list that states free ! I do n't care how good the book is or is n't , free list should be free . It is very maddening when we get caught paying for a book that should not have been on the free list to start with .
 As a naturalist , Nabhan has a keen eye . He can assess landscapes , crops and architecture with some skill . However , he runs into trouble when he persists in judging his fellow human beings . He is highly critical of others , not at all of himself . For example , a chapter on use of corn in peasants ' diet blames the consequent rise in pellagra on their failure to wash the corn in lime , as Indians did , providing calcium . The huge majority of Italiansliving in remote country areas would never have heard of this remedy , and so their failure to use it could not reasonably be blamed on ethnocentrism . It 's also common for Nabham to blame the Umbrian society in which he travels for not being wild enough , remote enough . He seems to have little understanding of the desperate poverty in which isolated Umbrian communities existed in the past . He even finds fault that truffle-hunters now use dogs rather than pigs in the hunt . The explanation , a simple one , is that hunters find it easier to extract a truffle from a dog 's mouth rather than wrestle it away from a 200-pound tusked boar who 's determined to eat it.Although Nabham 's whole journey is supposedly focused on a pilgrimage to Assisi , when he actually gets there he is -LRB- unsurprisingly , given his character -RRB- disappointed . He even finds cause to be disgusted when a well-meaning fellow pilgrim points out the fact that there is no animal shelter of any kind in Assisi , that suffering animals are without help or protection , and that this should be remedied . Nabham 's theory is that the animals should remain `` wild , '' and he fears that they will be `` tamed '' if they 're helped . He seems ignorant of the extent to which St. Frances , and other villagers , helped and fed the Wolf of Gubbio.Throughout the book , Nabham refers to a painful divorce he has gone through and the extent of his suffering . By the end of the book , so self-satisfied and unreflective does he appear that the reader is firmly on the unseen ex-wife 's side .
 This story is said to chronicle the way and the places trod by St. Francis of Assisi , in Umbria . However , the author ca n't drag himself out of the way of the story . Time after time -LRB- about every 10 pages -RRB- , he returns to mope about his recent divorce until , in the last quarter of the book , we hear that he has misplaced a ring given him by his girlfriend.I 'd hoped to learn a little something about Umbria in the book , but there was little , and precious little that was fresh.The author and companion did not reach Umbria until one quarter of the story has been told . The reader is diverted by side stories of Columbus , the tale of the lost ring , animal rights , and even a foray to Rome to help friends make wine . One does not feel a part of the trek because the author refers to experts or characters who might bring the story to life , but none is woven into a cogent tale . I had the feeling that the 200 mile walk was worth about 10 pages of observations and the rest was filler . Sorry , but this shed little light on the nature of the countryside in Umbria , Italy .
 Western Michigan University Professor John Blacking -LRB- 1928-1990 -RRB- prefaces his intended answer to the titular question , How Musical is Man ? , with the qualification that this work - originally printed in 1973 - is `` not a scholarly study , so much as an attempt to reconcile my experiences . '' With this in mind , the reader should not be surprised to find a self-indulgent speculative which walks a fine line between narrowly focused ethnomusicologic comparative -LRB- Western society versus the Venda tribe of South Africa -RRB- and a loosely organized philosophical reflection . Ultimately , Blacking presents an indictment of Western culture with relatively rare bibliographic references . The absence of an index or collective bibliography , combined with the restricted assessment , limits the text 's use as a convenient or scholarly reference . Nevertheless , it retains value as a time capsule of perspective from a pioneering ethnomusicological researcher.Blacking divides his discussion into four sections
 This book is an amalgam of flaws and flawed thinking . For starters , the title is a complete misnomer
 `` Partisans '' is one of those disappointing adventure novels that build up a nice head of steam before crashing into a wall.During World War II , a Yugoslavian agent under apparent German command takes a team of compatriots deep into his native country , where Italian , German , and their Cetnik `` allies '' watch each other as suspiciously as they do their Partisans foes . The agent , Petersen , has a message to deliver , though what that message is and who he has to deliver it to is a mystery.What makes `` Partisans '' enjoyable is the leisurely way it begins , with much circuitous banter and some dark doings on darkened city streets and aboard an Italian torpedo boat . You know Petersen ca n't be working for the Nazis , but what about those with him ? Who can he trust ? Who can we trust ? One settles in expecting a variant of the commando tales MacLean famously presented in such books as `` The Guns Of Navarone '' and `` Where Eagles Dare , '' though laced with a welcome sardonic edge courtesy of Petersen.Agreeing an attempted assassination against them was committed by amateurs , Petersen adds
 This is the weakest book of his I have read , and that is about thirty MacLean novels . I understand that he passed away prior to this book being published and that is was compiled posthumously . While admittedly not all of his books are great , I do n't feel this is up to snuff with any of the others . Do n't make this your first MacLean book and unless you feel the desire to read every one of his books like I choose to , take a pass on it . I am unwilling to touch any of the Alistair MacNeill books written using MacLeans notecards because I feel those are apt to be pretty weak too , and no one ever seems to duplicate the originals . If you are going to give a couple of MacLean novels a try , go for `` Where Eagles Dare '' , `` Puppet on a Chain '' , `` Bear Island '' , & `` Ice Station Zebra '' .
 While not quite plumbing the depths of the awful ` Goodbye California ' or the boring ` Santorini ' , it 's fair to say that ` Partisans ' is one of Maclean 's weakest books , and yet another example of his late-career decline . Despite returning to WW2 , where some of his classic works were set , Maclean just can not capture the magic this time around . Unlike his taut , fast-paced early thrillers , this a very loose , lightweight book that goes nowhere . It 's the sort of book that 's instantly forgettable ; it 's easy enough to read , but leaves no impression whatsoever once you 've finished it . Years on , I still vividly remember the heart-pounding climaxes to ` The Satan Bug ' , or ` Fear Is The Key ' , or ` Puppet On A Chain ' . But almost nothing sticks in my mind from ` Partisans ' , apart from an interesting torture scene involving a lethal injection , and the fact that everybody changes sides at least twice.All the usual late-career Maclean flaws are here . The impossibly brave and capable hero Peter Petersen , the `` heroines '' who are actually utterly clueless damsels in distress , the clumsily handled `` no-one is really who they seem '' plot twists . Despite being set in wartime Yugoslavia , the book is very talky and slow moving , with almost no action at all . In fact , very little of interest happens at all throughout the book , it 's mostly the characters trading one-liners and complaining about being left in the dark by Petersen . There 's certainly no sense of the bigger picture of the fate of Yugoslavia and the progress of the war itself . ` Partisans ' is not a `` bad '' book in the way ` Goodbye California ' was , and it 's readable enough . But it 's nowhere near what Maclean was capable of , and will be a huge disappointment to fans of his early work . Newcomers should stick to his 50 's and 60 's stuff , and leave this one alone .
 For a novel about a very dirty , ugly conflict in WWII - this book is strangely woven with a humorous thread . It could have been so much more - oh well . Not recommended . Read Circus or Guns .
 You would n't think an action novel about Yugoslavia 's brutal World War II occupation could sound like a drawing room comedy , but that 's exactly what this is.Nazis and Italians occupy while the Communist Partisans , the Serb royalist Chetniks and the Croatian fascist Ustashe fight among each other , jockeying for postwar position as they try to wipe each other out . The Allies wonder which resistance horse to back . Everyone 's loyalties are uncertain.Despite all this potential for action , three enigmatic Serbs escorting a mysterious crew into Yugoslavia on a nebulous mission do little but talk and talk and talk . They fence around their trust of one another as they make their interminable way into the frozen mountains.The Yugoslavs come off way too tweedy for folks who should be smashing glasses into a fireplace or reciting fatalistic Slav poetry . Maclean pays endless attention to their meals and sleeping arrangements and it 's all so civilized . Does n't he know there 's a war on?He tries to build tension over the two ladies ' regarding mission chief Peter Petersen as Not A Nice Man , with the readers presumably wondering same . It 's all rather ludicrous . Petersen 's subtle inferences about the others come off sounding too much like Agatha Christie for a World War II commando leader.Maclean pays lip service to the war 's actual brutality . In his genteel war , people are tied up and gagged . Clever threats break hardened operatives in minutes without torture . Action consists mostly of , uh , fisticuffs , and hardly anyone gets hurt . Would that World War II had actually been like this , but verisimilitude , it ai n't . Maclean does n't plot it badly , ultimately addressing the complexity of this multi-sided war . He does n't , however , introduce it soon enough , not until the last few chapters and even as it 's being resolved . Before that , the book seems like a literary journey to nowhere .
 The book cover states `` with warmth , humor , and unflinching candor , he gives readers the best seat in the house ... '' If you are expecting any of that you will be disappointed ... there are no warm fuzzies , it is not funny , and maybe not so sincere . This book does provide a wordy chronological history of over 30 years of Tarheel basketball ... blah , blah , blah .
 This is a year by year by year by year -LRB- ! -RRB- review of Tar Heel basketball with Dean 's life prior to Carolina thrown in for good measure . -LRB- He actually had one -RRB- . It makes no effort to be balanced . You see , Dean never made a mistake , had a player who flunked out or got in trouble-ever ! Down in Chapel Hill , life goes on and the Heels keep winning . Phooey ! I 'll take Bobby Knight throwing chairs and tantrums anyday . However , if you 're from Carolina or a UNC alum , ignore this review and buy the book right away . You 'll never notice the shortcomings . Now , how about a bio of Dean 's predecessor and mentor , Frank McGuire . -LRB- He first hired Dean as an assistant -RRB- . That would be a story .
 This book is boring and Dean fancies himself a martyr . I do n't need to read another book about someone who believes that Jesus cares about a sporting event ... yuck .
 Not what I expected from a history book very dry and extremely dated . I SHOULD have looked more closely at publication date .
 This book by far was very disappointing . Three quarters the way through it gave u a dictionary ... What the heck ... then that was it ... it ended like that !!! By far very disappointing read .
 I only read the first 50 or 60 pages of this book , but in that brief space I saw several things the reviewer below me talks about . I gave the anglo/new england/southern slang mix-ups a pass -- at one point Smith notes that the son is purposely affecting his Brooklyn accent . Also , these are characters who have lived in a lot of different places , so I can imagine that their language would pick up a bit from here , a bit from there.The reviewer below me is spot on about the facile characterizations , tho . Uptight , white , male academic ; earthy , forgiving , sarong-draped black wife ; earthy , forgiving , black wife of other academic . The characters did n't move beyond these types for me . And then we meet the celebrated & somewhat intimidating -LRB- to KiKi -- earthy wife # 1 -RRB- poet who says in her first speech in the book , `` The sun is a lemon today , it is . It 's like a huge lemon-drop . '' Yup , our hip , sophisticated poet says that . Maybe later in the book we find out that she 's the Thomas Kincaid of poetry but I could n't be bothered to find out . If Smith ca n't take the time to put something a little more interesting , or heck , even a little less embarassing , in that character 's mouth , then I ca n't be bothered to read her book .
 If I could , I would have given this book a `` O '' I did n't write a review of it a few months ago , when I tried to read it , as I was too busy - but I have read many of the posted reviews and found them to be much more accurate than the reviews in the mag/papers . I love E.M. Forester -LRB- sic -RRB- and Howard 's End is one of my favorite books in the world - after Proust . I bought the book in hardcover shortly after its publication . I could not believe how bad it was . Having paid close to 30.00 for it , I was determined to finish it . I could n't . It was painful . At least with Danielle Steele you get what you expect . I agree with the reviewer from England who says more or less , `` The worst part of this is that Smith has received such acolades -LRB- sic -RRB- for it - i.e. a finalist for the Booker . Its enough to make one believe that `` multi-culturalism '' and `` political correctness '' has ruined literature and criticism . When Frank Rich , an intelligent man , though admittedly not a literary critic waxes eloquent about this book , then I know that I , my husband , -LRB- a distinguished Professor of American Literature -RRB- and a very small handful of people , must be the only persons in America that can still recognize a good from a bad book . Good
 I had the unfortunate obligation of reading this novel for a class . The characters feel like caricatures fumbling around each other with never the right words for the situation they find themselves in . Most of the book is composed of awkward dialogue , with the characters either being too polite or too aggressive . Yes , Smith is trying to convey how different people of different backgrounds clash yet still try to get along , but for the reader 's sake , it would have been nice to have a little more flow to the book . The book should have been titled _ On Social Anxiety
 Well , this novel by Zadie Smith was selected for our book club . After reading the first chapter , I realized that this had a similar plot as E.M. Forrester 's Howards End . Although I had a good idea where this was leading towards , it came to some disappointment about the character development in the book . Also , I found myself predicting the scenes ahead of time and finding a slightly interesting twist in the plot . Smith seems to have a strange depiction about kids growing up in today 's society . We see how Smith tries to transport the Edwardian time into the present time with a upper middle-class black family . Things fall apart when another family with higher status moves into the neighborhood . If you are not familar with Howards End , then I feel that you may enjoy the plot more than me . But , you probably will feel a slight indifference with this modern family since they are all equally bad except for the wife and perhaps the son who was rejected by the daughter of the other family . This is just my own opinion but there are bad sides to people but characters are just as diverse as us . Plus , I am old-fashioned critic and it would be more constructive with a clear protagonist and antagonist . There has been plenty of praise for this book and I guess doing something over again with your own style should be recognized . I just feel that if you are going to do it again then keep some aspects of the book that is true to the characters . I just believe that there is some good in everyone .
 I read `` On Beauty '' based on its favorable reviews and my fondness for `` White Teeth . '' However , I was disappointed to find `` On Beauty '' a shallow and immature book with underdeveloped characters . Equally bothering to me is the cultural context , which does not ring true . I have lived in the Boston area most of my life and am an academic . Smith 's knowledge of Boston is slight and removed , while her perception of academia is that of a student . In addition , she has a weak grasp of American English . These problems combined to destroy this reader 's `` willing suspension of disbelief . ''
 I am tired of books about writers . I 'm more tired of books about academics and universities . I give a free pass to Nabokov and that 's it . This is purported to have such a great ear for language and move so seamlessly between these different races and classes and I did n't buy a bit of it . It lost me for good at the scene at the spoken word/poetry jam . Ultimately this could turn out to actually represent reality but I certainly hope I would never know about it . Goofy . The snarky Haitian guy , what ? Maybe literature is becoming so narrowly focused that it 's just writers writing for writers and reviewers -LRB- being writers -RRB- getting all fired up but it 's getting lost on me .
 I found this book lengthy , depressing , and the characters incredibly unlikeable . Smith infused White Teeth with humor and characters , that although flawed were always relateable . On Beauty is just not another White Teeth , and I did not like it at all nor did anyone else I know who enjoyed her debut novel .
 What a waste of talent ! Feeling like a rising star , Zadie Smith obviously wanted to score high points fast . That she is an aspirant for glory is the lesser sin , though . Those who short-listed her book for the 2005 Booker prize are the true sinners . A book so short of cultural depth and so devoid of structure , not to mention of full-fledged characters , can not -- and should not -- be elevated to a standard for good literature.There is no doubt that Zadie Smith has a very talented pen . But at her early age , there also is no doubt that she lacks life experience and a mature concept of the literature 's mission
 I waited for this book to come out in paperback and pre-ordered . I am a fan of WHITE TEETH , and , although AUTOGRAPH MAN was boring , I had high hopes for ON BEAUTY . Sadly , this writer should stick to what she knows -- a visiting professorship does n't make her an authority on campus life in U.S. , New England , or what American kids say and do . The assumptions and voices given to her characters are distracting in their outsiderish author 's depiction , and I found this to really get in the way of her stoytelling -- especially her stabs at Boston and southern accents . Her British characters -LRB- especially Howard and V -RRB- are well drawn and speak naturally -- reminiscent of WHITE TEETH . They are believable . Her Americans are laughably off-base and seem like charicatures of how an arrogant Brit might imagine them , especially Levi and Carl . The character Zora -LRB- modeled on the precocious author herself ? -RRB- is not likeable at all . The story of Jerome and his pursuit of religion is choppy and not well developed . He slides in and out of the story . The Furthermore , her story line about campus politics is lackluster . Another reviewer references Kingsley Amis 's LUCKY JIM . I recommend Richard Russo 's excellent STRAIGHT MAN for anyone interested in the liberal arts dept / tenure / backstabbing / cheating plots .
 I was so bored by this book that I was unable to finish it . I know that it is n't really fair to write a review of a book I could n't finish , but then I realized that the fact that I was unable to finish it -LRB- and I am an avid reader , and not too hard to entertain ! -RRB- really said a lot.I was expecting something pretty good , since there is a lot of hype around this book . I have not gotten around to reading White Teeth -LRB- and now may not even bother -RRB- and probably I should have read that first . But I found this book to be a rather pretentious , dull , and even stilted rip-off of the great books about class and manners . HOWEVER , in contrast to those great books , there was not one character in this book who could hold my interest . I really agree with one of the other reviewers who said that the characters were not really humanized at all . I just could not relate to them or empathize with any of them , which really surprised me . Furthermore , the writing style - which I suppose was attempting some sort of idea of refinement and breeziness - literally put me to sleep . Literally . I fell asleep twice while reading this . I had to read it for a book club , and I am not one to shirk on reading , but I just could not muster up the ability to get through this one . Highly overrated , in my opinion . At least wait for the paperback - I felt like this was a waste of 25 bucks .
 After reading White Teeth I was expecting this novel to be of the same calibre , sadly it is not . The plot is very jerky and the characters are under developed . The idea for the novel is good but it does not hang together well . White Teeth 's weakness was it 's ending and I think this novel has the same weakness or more so , a novel that seems to go nowhere , shame as it had so much potential .
 This is not a great book . Certainly do n't rush to buy it on hard cover . The plot is somewhat disheveled , although some of the characters are well drawn . The most annoying thing about it is that Smith fails to understand and hence accurately render the African-American adolescents she depicts . Their language sounds constructed and forced . The prose also gets profuse at times . I do n't recommend it . Buy Ishiguro 's book , _ Never Let Me Go _ instead .
 I really struggled with whether to give this book two stars or three . Zadie Smith 's writing is so superb that for a time I tilted toward the higher rating.But I opted for two because of so many glaring weaknesses
 `` On Beauty '' was chosen by my book club , and soon after I heard a lovely interview with the author on the Diane Rehm show . I was really excited to read this book , so imagine my disappointment when I found a book in which characters were undeveloped and uninteresting , not to mention unfathomable , and in which there were no discernible themes . There was nothing beautiful about the book , and honestly I found the highly sexualized content of her writing offensive because it added nothing to the story or to my understanding of the characters . All in all , a depressing read , all the more so because Smith is clearly a gifted writer . Perhaps as the author matures she 'll have more success at developing characters and themes that actually mean something . We agreed at book group that this is a sophomoric effort , and all wondered how in the world it got published . I had bought `` White Teeth '' at the same time , but could n't bring myself to read it after finishing `` On Beauty '' . The photo of the author on the back is the only thing beautiful about this book .
 I rushed out to buy this book based upon the terrific reviews it received , especially from the New York Times -LRB- both Sunday and daily editions -RRB- . And I loved White Teeth . But this book absolutely made me cringe . I must admit I was unable to get past the first 150 pages . To get that far required a major amount of willpower ... I kept waiting for it to get better , which it did n't . The portraits are so self-conscious and false . Not a single character rang even halfway true to me . And the dialogue ... so phony that the author 's not especially skilled hand , was evident everywhere . If the author thinks she understands the United States , even New England ... she is wrong . One year at the Radcliffe Institute does not , obviously , an expert make.An homage to Forster 's Howard End ... I think not .
 Based on all the rave reviews that this book received , I should have loved it . Instead , I had to force myself to complete this pretentious , plodding bore , since I truly hate to give up on any bookI found the characters to not be at all well defined . Just when I though I might get some deeper insight into one of them , the author moved on to another character . The book starts out with e-mails from Jerome to Howard . Very interesting . However , Jerome essentially disappears from the rest of the book . Claire , Carl , and Levi - I was waiting to find out a great deal more about these characters , but instead I had to read the boring and incredibly predictable scene in which Victoria and Howard have sex -LRB- honestly , who was surprised by this ? -RRB- What is the hot , sexy college student Victoria 's motivation for wanting to have sex with the 50ish year old Howard ? This is never explained . And in the end , when Howard spurns her further advancements , do we find out anything more about her ? No . We do however find out that Howard simply likes her . Why ? What 's to like?I also found the story to be incredibly disjointed . Various story lines were started and then dropped . Howard 's visit with his father , the developing friendship between Kiki and Carlene , The painting that Carlene `` willed '' to Kiki , Jerome 's Christianity and many others . None of these things were explored to their fullest.The author must have been paid by the word . There are numerous page long plus paragraphs that say absolutely nothing . This book needed a better editor since it could have been shortened by about 100 pages and we would n't have missed a thing.Another reviewer recommended Richard Russo 's STRAIGHT MAN and I could n't agree more . It is a wonderful book about academia . Better characters , better story . Give that one a try instead .
 Just do n't bother.It 's seldom I quit reading a book I 've started , but I wish I had quit trying on this one.Cartoon characters , no depth . Plot ? Are you joking?Don ' t bother , really .
 I really regret that I actually brought the book , If you want to read it I suggest getting it from the library but even then I would n't waste my time , the book has some moments but all the characters are very flat and one-dimentional . Also they were very unbelievable and I could n't warm to any of them and I do n't know why this book is so long Smith could have cut the story in half and it would have still had the same effect - emptiness . Overall I found the book shallow and too try hard .
 After the excellence of white teeth , this is a poor effort . First I do n't think the author should try to write a book based on life in America because she clearly does not understand it . I do n't know the basis of her research and I do n't want to paint with a broad brush BUT , the children of academics and most middle-upper middle class black and well read people do not speak `` ebonics '' . Most can not even relate to the characters she miserably attempts to portray . I did not buy into the story or any of the characters . After a few chapters , I found myself annoyed by the baseless story , lame dialogue between the family members . I hope the author goes back to what she knows and does best - stories of characters based in England . Glad I did n't pay for this one !!!
 I can not believe this book was nominated for a prize . I had to leave this book after giving it a few chances - it was just babbling and pointless .
 Considering the awards it won , this should be a great book , but I found it very unengaging . The author sets up any number of interesting subplots -LRB- son of H is about to wed daughter of M , his arch enemy ; K gets cheated out of inheriting a valuable painting by her deceased friend 's family -RRB- but all these conflicts somehow just evaporate . Considering that the first 200 pages of the book are the setup , and the second 200 are one expectation after another thwarted on the part of the reader , this makes for very disappointing reading . Add to that that every character manages to lose our sympathy the second they gain it -LRB- K and C seem to become friends , even though every single recorded conversation contains snubs and misunderstandings -RRB- and I had the hardest figuring why I should care about any of them .
 This was the first book I read by Zadie Smith . The hype around this young author and the mixed feelings reflected and expressed by most reviewers triggered my curiosity . So I started reading it with a sense of anticipation , however I was disappointed almost immediately.I think the story and all the characters in it are poorly developed . I always finish a book that I 've started , even when I do n't like it much , but I must admit that this was the first time ever that I really struggled to get to the end , it was so boring it often became soporific . It was a relief to turn the last page.On a more positive note , I do believe that the prose was very good and the style original . That 's the only reason why I gave it 1 star . And that 's also the reason why I 'm going to give this author a second chance and shall read White Teeth soon .
 The characters felt fake and forced . I think the author harped too much on ethnicity . It didnt seem to be a major them , but he just kept going about it . Also it really failed to keep my attention . There was really no point to it .
 On Beauty starts out so promising , but quickly loses its way . A drama about two men -LRB- Howard Belsey , a liberal , non-religious English man , and Monty Kipps , a conservative right-wing Christian -RRB- who teach at a fictitious university outside Boston and their families has the makings of a great story.Unfortunately , while it may impress intellectual critics , it fails to draw in the average reader . The initial few pages set the stage with Jerome Belsey sending e-mails to his father while living and working with the conservative Kipps family . After those few e-mails , the story never connects the dots . There is no lack of characters
 From the accompanying reviews , I 'm glad to see that I 'm not the only person `` On Beauty '' left cold . The starred reviews ! The alleged play on `` Howard 's End '' ! What are these reviewers falling for ? The book did not engage me and I could n't be bothered to finish . If the novel had been set in England , Zadie Smith might have better understood the types she was writing about . As it is , little rings true in `` On Beauty '' . Ignore the fuss and read something else .
 The story is weak and the characters meaningless . I never reached a point where I could relate to or sympathize with any of the characters . The story never really developed , it just seemed to wander without direction . Though Smith made a worthy effort to tie together multiple social issues , inter-racial relationships , contrasting classes and personal family/spousal conflict , she failed in the end . The book falls flat .
 i am very disappointed in this book . after all the rave reviews i read i was expecting much more . its just rather dull . the language is stilted so it sometimes hard to figure out what they are talking about . the characters are rather flat and the `` plot '' is just not intereting . i loved white teeth but could not get through her 2nd novel . i am barely making it through this and going to the book often feels like a chore that needs to be completed . she is clearly a gifted and intelligent person but with regard to this book ... `` there is just no there , there ''
 Overall the book is well written , but its clinical and not emotionally or intellectually satisfying . Many other reviews give you details on the book but I 'll just focus on reasons why it did n't work for me . This story , these characters had so much potential . I was enthralled after the first few pages and then it turns out , that was the best part of the book . I kept waiting for that feeling to return and it never did . The stage is set , the characters in play , but the story just does n't ever pull you in . I think perhaps she tried to have too many mini-stories within the story . I 'd rather just had the focus and development of a few key characters and storylines . For example , Jerome -LRB- the eldest son -RRB- of the Belsey family is dispensable after the first chapter . There 's no satisfying conclusion at the end ... which I can live with if I 've been fulfilled throughout the rest of the book . This book just left me still feeling like an outsider vs. feeling emersed in the characters , their lives , the story . Maybe I 'm expecting too much , but I think not .
 I was really disappointed in this book . I had heard such rave reviews but it definitely was a book I struggled through and only finished since I bought it new and kept thinking I would find something redeeming in it .
 I ca n't believe this book got any good reviews . It is just plain awful . It looks like something that went from first draft to publishing with no editorial review in between . Her characterization of Americans and American speech patterns is ridiculous and quite annoying . Her American characters are caricatures -- for example why is Kiki obese ? Oh , because women of color just get obese when they get older , no reason , no explanation , no delving into her character to understand why a sexy , happily-married woman would just balloon up to an unhealthy fatness . I really loved White Teeth . Ms. Smith should stick to writing about English people and their ways , and leave us alone.Finally , many of the newspaper reviewers talked about Howard 's End and how it 's such a reflection on it , etc. . I did n't read Howards ' End , so sorry , if that is what it takes to appreciate the book , than there should be something on the cover that says , `` make sure you read Howard 's End first . ''
 This claptrap would have never been published had the author not been black and female .
 Truly , I wanted to read this book . I tend toward more non-fiction and had asked my manager at work for a recommendation - she passed along this book . I found it difficult to get into - though I did like some of the characterizations -LRB- ie , fall leaving and slamming the door on the way out -RRB- - it just overall seemed like her writing was n't very well integrated - in terms of the style -LRB- s -RRB- of writing in the book and the uneven development of characters.I found the way the characters spoke to be distractingly unnatural - and found found the oblique physical descriptions of people -LRB- explicit for some characters , almost soft porn - and very vague for others -RRB- difficult to hook into . The drama and the sub plots - just not all worked out very well and in the end - not that interesting . I forced myself to finish it in the hopes it would improve - not sure I would bother with another of her books .
 Any writing about Academia tends to bring out the hype . Smith 's pyrotechnical language and sharp eye for -LRB- some -RRB- details can be deceptive . This is a rather mean-spirited , insider 's book about some aspects of college -LRB- Ivy -RRB- culture , with a lot of `` social relevance '' and hot-button themes thrown in for cover . With the exception of Kiki -LRB- who we might feel sorry for -RRB- there 's no one to like or admire in this book . The fools are unfunny and the villains lack that special something to raise them from the realm of merely unpleasant.So it 's terribly confusing when in the midst of all this hip , soulless dialogue and mannered prose we get some laugh-out-loud comedy , brillant characterizations , and odd tidbits of wisdom . Like a sociopath with high IQ and sharp social skills , Smith romps over the reader and dulls the bludgeoning with an occasional reward.If that 's your cup of tea , you 're probably a 20-something college student playing with nihilism . You have second-hand , well-thumbed -LRB- but unread -RRB- David Foster Wallace on your crate-and-barrel bookcase . But the grownups are weary , weary of this.For a more fun romp through collegiate politics , try Moo .
 Zadie Smith has talent , but this book is lacking as a novel and would not have been published if the same work was delivered by an unknown author . The lack of a story is pathetic . The character development is rather good , but there 's literally no story , beyond reading about a sad family going through a hard time . Do not waste your time .
 I 'm surprised that nobody has excoriated this underedited , impossibly self-indulgent and above all boring book yet . I 've actually found the amazingly generous online reviews of this novel more readable than the book itself . Its uneven tone -LRB- now comic ! now serious ! now bathetic ! -RRB- is matched by a clunky , thudding exposition , exemplified by the overdescriptive narration of Jerome 's affair with Victoria Kipps through emails that sound nothing like those a 19 year old boy would write . Of course , dull Jerome and ravishing Victoria -LRB- who I kept getting the hideous suspicion was supposed to be - yikes - an author surrogate -RRB- are unconvincing characters anyway - or caricatures really . I know this is supposed to be a `` comic '' novel , despite being extremely thin on laughs , but the characters are infuriatingly one-dimensional and stereotypical . Smith has admitted to blatantly ripping off Howards End , stripmining its themes and structure , to create this dreary tome - as if acknowleding her debt openly in any way compensates for her own failure of imagination . Save your money and buy the novel it steals from instead .
 I so wanted to enjoy this book , but I just did n't . I first read Autograph Man and fell in love with Zadie Smith . I also enjoyed White Teeth and was really anticipating this book , but it 's been weeks and I 'm still trying to drag my way through it . I found the characters generally unlikable and I really , really want Zadie to ask an American to read her writing before she attempts any more American dialogue -LRB- or descriptions for that matter -RRB- . Should Levi really say , ` So what am I meant to do ? ' or SHOULD he say , ` So , NOW what am I supposed to do ? ' We never say ' I have done . ' , we say ' I have . ' I could go on and on . Basically , it 's an ` American ' book told in a British voice when each part should be told in the voice of its narrator . The constant shift between under-developed characters makes for a confusing and interrupted read . Something would finally start to happen with one character , when boom - now you 're back with some character you have n't heard from in chapters who never really did anything anyway.I 'm hoping that this one is a learning experience for Ms. Smith and I 'm still awaiting her next novel . Based solely on her first two , I would read anything that she puts out there -LRB- no matter how long it may take -RRB- .
 I choose this book on the basis of its recommendation by the NY Times ; I was deeply disappointed . It 's a collection of loosely strung-together encounters among a cast of sterotyped characters : - Howard , the insipid , dyspepsic , weary British academic has-been who ca n't keep his pants on-Kiki , his African-American wife who 's large of heart and girth-Jerome , the son who drifts in and out of the story and who 's born-again in defiance of his atheist upbringing-Zora , the awkward over-achiever activist daughter-Levi , the son in his mid-teens who 's pretending to be from the ` hood-Carl the sullen rapper who actually is from the hood-Monty , the self-righteous and ultimately hypocritical evangelical conservative-Victoria , his stunningly gorgeous and slutty daughter-Carlene , his mysterious sickly wife-Claire , the self-consciously liberal poet-professorOver the course of a year , they drop in and out of each other 's lives , sometimes in the college town of Wellington , Mass and sometimes in London . And then ... the book ends . Just ends . Did the author get bored ? Deadline was up ? Set herself a goal of so many pages and made it ? If I 'd been listening to in on CDs , I 'd have thought the last one was missing .
 Many of my friends had recommended White Teeth to me , so when a book club I go to picked On Beauty by the same author , I was excited . However , I thought this book did not deserve any of the accolades heaped upon it . Her metaphors are way over used , and some of them just made no sense . Other descriptions were just so poor that I did n't know what she meant then either . Physical descriptions of characters left me picturing that everyone was one of Van Gogh 's Potato Eaters , and I could n't see why , in this book focused on love and relationships , anyone was with anyone for anything . It is said that writers should write about what they know . Based on her descriptions of anything American , I was surprised to learn that she had been in the country even once . She needed more research and a better editor . What 's weird though is that I could see she was talented . But after this there is no way I want to try White Teeth . I do n't trust her to not make me mad with these elements again .
 Why did Howard and Kiki ever get married ? How did all of their children go such different ways ? Why , after 443 pages , do I not know or care ? Zadie Smith has written some beautiful passages , surrounded by flat characters . Phew , and not to mention the unending snippets of sociopolitical commentary she drags us through without ever getting to a point , or a compelling concept .
 I first spotted this book when it was released in hardcover and was excited about it . I LOVED her novel White Teeth and was impressed by the glowing reviews of On Beauty . Once it came out in paperback , I scooped it up . My first impression was not a good one . The dialouge in the beginning was flat , boring and often times confusing . But I trudged on , hoping that it would be another Zadie Smith gem . It never got any better . The characters were dull , annoying and stereotypical . The plotline was never interesting . All in all , i was very disapointed . Zadie Smith is usually a brilliant writer and that is the only reason I forced myself to make it through the book , months later . A good book usually takes me about 3 days . If you have n't read White Teeth , get that instead.White Teeth
 Our book club read it with disbelief and puzzlement
 After hearing several people suggest that this was indeed a good book , I made the purchase . This certainly was n't one of the worst books I have ever read , but it is certainly very poorly written . As you read chapter after chapter , you are left wondering why exactly you are reading this book in the first place . I ca n't say I have ever read any other of Zadie Smith 's works , but throughout the entire book , I could n't help but feel like a 13-14 year old decided to write a book . You wanted to like the characters and find something interesting , but the book never delivers . I certainly regret making the purchase instead of borrowing the book from a friend or the library . If you are truly interested in reading this book , do n't let me discourage you , but do not BUY the book .
 On Beauty is the second Smith novel that I have tried to read . I loved White Teeth and although I was underwhelmed by the sloppy ending , I tried reading her second novel , The Autograph Man to no avail . Ever positive , I made the mistake of taking On Beauty as my only reading material on a trip to Europe and waded through the first 150 pages . I can not say that I have very much interest in finishing it . The novel lacks a cohesive story and seems to be only a loose structure in which Smith attempts to write clever dialogue for her uninteresting characters . To make matter worse , the novel 's characters are not very believable and doubt the veracity of the `` coolness '' of their dialogue , especially in the case of the younger characters . Even more disconcerting , I find myself back in a the world of academia , chockfull of literary references and academic observations and slights only entertaining to individuals in those very tedious circles . While there are some beautiful sentences and pithy observations about life and its vagaries , many of the sentences are overly labored , distracting from the narrative flow . Ultimately , so much crafting of language makes the novel suffer . At this point , I could care less about what happens to any of the characters . Fourth time a charm , maybe ?
 It was just that dry and boring I never really connected with any of the characters , I gave up reading about 3/4ths of the way through .
 I think I feel sorry for Zadie Smith . Maybe she could develop into a good writer if she were left alone to hone her craft through much practice and reflection . Alas , she has been adopted as a media darling , and she is being made out to be much better than her work shows her to be . But , hey , she 's young , and she has a long way to go yet . I thought that `` On Beauty '' was replete with rather loathsome characters -LRB- who can stand these people ?! -RRB- who only succeed at sabotaging their happiness over and over again -- rather predictably . I know , that 's human , but what 's the point of reading hundreds of pages of it ? The only person who is n't so annoying is Jerome , and that 's only because he 's blessedly absent for most of the book . So who are we supposed to believe is a redemptive character ? Kiki ? I do n't sympathize with Kiki because she has raised shallow , self-centered , maladjusted children , and has remained in a marriage to an awkward pedant . The Kippses -LRB- or the Kipps ' , as Ms. Smith interestingly spells out every time -RRB- succeed at being not only annoying , but self-righteous to boot . The `` showdown '' between Carl , Victoria , and the motor-mouth Belsey girl is the only part that woke me out of my stupor , and only because it resembled a seedy talk show brawl . Hey , I tried to get enjoyment where I could , however base . `` On Beauty '' is beach reading -LRB- if you like lugging a novel the size of a phone book to the beach -RRB- but it is nothing more than that . I think E.M. Forster would not indeed be puffed up with pride at the fact that Ms. Smith made the unfortunate comparison between her book and `` Howard 's End '' . Do n't waste your money on this homely tale .
 Other reviewers have covered most of what I consider problematic about this book . What bothered me most was that Kiki is a black , Southern woman with absolutely no connection to any black Southern woman I 've known or seen . Other reviewers have criticized Smith for her inauthentic dialogue . The inauthenticity extends beyond the dialogue . Smith knows little to nothing about black Southerners . Her description of `` soul food , '' in the book is unrecognizable to any `` soul food '' emanating from the South . When she has Kiki reverting to her Southern roots , her dialogue , culture , etc. are markedly more Caribbean instead of Southern . The Belsey children speak slang that is Caribbean , not Southern . To some , this may be a minor point , but since Kiki 's Florida roots are a central part of her character , that they were n't authentic is troubling.A sabbatical in New England does not make Smith an authority able to accurately critique American culture , especially black-American culture .
 I just finished reading `` On Beauty '' after several friends recommended `` White Teeth '' and I found Smith to be an enormously talented writer who does not humanize her characters . It is hard to say that she does not flesh them out , we do hear their voices but we can not relate to them except as objects of Smith 's satire . There is nothing wrong with writing a purely satirical work but she is trying for something more here and it does not work . After introducing her characters we are ready to enjoy their humor , their failures , their triumphs and eventually their redemptions but , alas , the book ends on a note of cheap revenge that is decidedly unpleasant . She makes some attempts to honor these characters but Smith 's basic cynicism does not allow her to do so . I believe Smith believes she is transcending stereotypes by portraying a mixed race marriage and young black intellectuals . Why is it then that Howard , a white , working class man ultimately fails in his dream career and as a family man , that a beautiful , smart black student is portrayed as a sexual predator destroying lives around her . Did Smith so hate her time in America that she has her character Victoria destroy so many lives from the minute she lands here ? And on and on with each character whether black or white . One wants to like these characters but she just wont let us . Two scenes I did think were brilliant - the way Claire , the teacher of poetry interacts with her students especially during their evening at The Bus Stop , and the department head making introductory remarks at a faculty meeting with a one line cameo appearance by Smith herself.Ultimately , this is a mean book with mean characters that leaves a bad taste in one 's mouth . I would have given it one star only that Zadie Smith is a brilliant writer . I would say to her `` channel your anger , give us believable characters that we can care about '' . Zadie Smith needs to grow up .
 I read so many glowing reviews of this book that I could n't wait to read it myself . I had n't read Zadie Smith 's other book but I knew that it , too , was well-acclaimed . This book was really hard for me to finish , so I did n't . That does n't happen to me very often . I try to give any book enough of a chance that I 'll keep reading to the end . In this case , I did n't care enough about any of the characters to keep going . All of the characters left me feeling indifferent at best , except perhaps for Kiki and Levi . I can appreciate books that are slow-moving ; I do n't read many mainstream pulp novels and was a literature minor in college . But this book moved so slowly that I just could n't get into it . If I had felt something - anything at all - for the characters , maybe I could have.I agree with the other reviewer who said that the book really should have been set in England . I had to keep checking back to make sure , because it really did not ring true to real American life to me . The tone of the book seemed much more British . Because of that , I think there were some inconsistencies in the book that contributed to the reason I found it so difficult to read . I do n't honestly understand why so many people have rated this book so well . To me it was just pretentious and unjustifiably long-winded , and with characters I did n't find especially compelling .
 I was hugely disappointed with `` On Beauty '' after being blown away with Smith 's debut `` White Teeth '' . I was certain that she was the UK 's new wunderkind.Many of the storylines lagged with soggy prose and inconsistent characterisation . Who are these people ? We get to the end of this book not really knowing the essence of these characters . Too many of the characters are unlikeable . Not helpful for one who is desperately trying to like a book.I was also concerned with the amount of typos . I am a shameless stickler when it comes to this and was horrified to find so many mistakes . Where were the editors?It 's not all bad , though . There are some beautifully written and hilarious moments throughout this book . The overall picture for me , however , was that of a boring effort and one which did not deserve to be shortlisted for the 2005 Man Booker Prize .
 In many ways , On Beauty is similar to White Teeth . It 's laugh-out-loud funny and contains marvelous descriptive passages . In the end , however , the similarities the novel bears to White Teeth work against it . Reading On Beauty , I got the feeling that I 'd already experienced much of what unfolds . And I had -- in White Teeth . For example , a character named Jerome falls in love with another family in the same vein in which Irie Jones and Millat Iqbal fall in love with the Chalfens . Zora , by the way , seems nothing more than a smarter version of Irie . Also , Smith describes the beauty of Zora 's love interest , Carl , in the same manner she describes Millat 's beauty . And , as in White Teeth , On Beauty 's religious characters prove themselves hypocritical . But the similarities do n't end there . In , On Beauty , Smith even borrows a line she devoted several paragraphs to in White Teeth -- `` What you looking at ? '' While Smith 's commentary surrounding this question is hilarious in White Teeth , it should have been left out of On Beauty.The novel 's similarity to White Teeth does not ruin it . Its many flaws do , though.The dialogue is disastrous . At one point Roxbury resident Carl asks Zora , `` Am I meant to be grateful ? '' This is a British phrasing . An American would say , `` Am I supposed to be grateful ? `` Smith particularly fails at her attempt to incorporate Black English Vernacular into the text . Sometimes she nails it , as is the case when a character named Levi asks , `` Where they at ? '' Other times , she stumbles , such as when Levi asks , `` Who you on the phone to ? '' `` Who you talking to ? '' or `` Who you on the phone with ? '' should have been used instead . Also , an abundance of black characters say `` I be . '' This would n't sound strange coming from an old black Southerner , perhaps , but , coming from young blacks , it does . Even uneducated young black urbanites speak a more standard form of English than this . Even the blacks on UPN shows speak a more standard form of English than this . Then there 's Kiki , a middle-aged black woman with Florida roots , who speaks consistently inconsistently . At the beginning of the book , she tells her husband , Howard , `` Your life is just an orgy of deprivation . '' But later she remarks that the sun `` done set . '' It 's unlikely that the same speaker would have birthed both lines . I was similarly startled when Carl , an uneducated rapper , who utters sentences such as , `` I be a college a man now , '' has no difficulty writing lengthy papers for the music department of upper-crust Wellington College.Often , the black American characters are stereotypes . All of the women have large breasts and backsides and use the words `` baby '' and `` honey '' gratuitously . At one point we meet LaShonda , a young woman who calls Levi `` baby '' a half-dozen times in the span of two pages . Of course a girl with a `` ghetto '' name such as LaShonda must not only have a `` big old booty , '' she must also be an unwed mother of three on the prowl for a new baby daddy . It 's also apparent that Smith believes all black Americans refer to each other as `` brother '' or `` sister . '' Maybe during the Black Power Movement . Not in 2005 . Kiki 's weight is also problematic . While Howard cites Kiki 's 250-pound frame , in part , for his adultery , black urban men wo n't stop hitting on her . Shapeliness is said to be valued in black culture , yes , but 250 pounds is not shapeliness , it 's morbid obesity . Reading On Beauty I am puzzled as to why celebs such as Star Jones and Oprah Winfrey were n't sex symbols in the black community when they were at their heaviest . There 's also the fact that there are no consequences for Kiki 's weight gain . In real life , middle-aged , overweight black women suffer from hypertension , diabetes , joint-pain , back pain , etc. . Kiki , on the other hand , does yoga.The novel includes other inaccuracies about black Americans . At one point , Kiki says , `` We got black kids dying on the front line ... , and they 're in that army ` cos they think college has got nothing to offer them . '' Actually , the military 's promise to pay college tuition is the main reason young people of all races , blacks included , enlist.Smith 's description of Kiki 's and Carl 's palms is also wrong . The two are described as having rich-brown palms . Blacks , even dark-skinned ones , have palms that fall into the pinkish-beige range . Smith makes the opposite mistake when describing Kiki 's areolas , which she describes as pinkish brown . In fact , a dark-skinned black woman would have dark brown areolas.While not all of what Smith writes is wrong , it is n't necessarily good . She uses an abundance of adverbs and adjectives , many repeatedly . How often can someone be called fatuous ? There are also redundancies such as , `` He nodded mutely '' and non sequiturs such as , `` Kiki restrained herself . Instead she opened her purse and began searching through it for her lip-gloss . '' Huh ? Instead of what?Character development is also lacking . Choo , the main Haitian character , is nothing more than Smith 's mouthpiece . His sole purpose is to inform the reader about Haiti 's plight . Then there 's Victoria Kipps . Worshipped for her beauty , Kipps turns out to be a walking cliche . She may be stunning , but , guess what , she 's dumb ! She may be promiscuous , but , guess what , she 's easy because sex is all men want from her . Sigh . Katherine Armstrong , a character who makes an inexplicable cameo -LRB- as does Helen Keller -RRB- , is eerily similar to Lee Fiora , the protagonist of Curtis Sittenfeld 's novel , Prep . Like Lee , Katie is from South Bend , Ind. . There , she was the brightest kid in town . But , surrounded by New England preppies at Wellington , Katie is overwhelmed and , thus , painfully shy . Ring any bells ? It 's also problematic that Smith features other minor characters such as Doc Brown , her rapper-brother 's stage name in real life . This choice uproots readers from the fictional world and places them into the real one . The same thing happens when the reader encounters a poem written by Smith 's husband mid-novel . The rap lyrics and poetry used in the novel should reflect the characters who authored them . How can this occur if Smith gives fictional characters credit for verse composed by real people ? This move also led Smith to make another mistake . When Carl recites the lyrics of Smith 's real-life brother , he refers to Mc Donald 's as Macca D 's . No one in the States calls McDonald 's Macca D 's . Amercians say Mickey D 's . In closing , read On Beauty if you 're a Zadie Smith fan or if you 'd like to see how she tweaked Howard 's End . Do n't read it because you 've heard it 's a good book . At best , it 's mediocre . I give it two-and-a-half stars .
 After having read `` White Teeth '' a few years ago , I was anticipating another novel of similar caliber . What a disappointment!While she acknowledges up front that it is written as an hommage to E.M. Forster - the storyline is needlessly convoluted in order to mirror the plot of `` Howard 's End '' . What 's worse are the underdeveloped , frustratingly shallow and across the board uninteresting characters - at the end of the book the reader does n't particularly care what happens to any of them . I gather the intent was to examine personal relationships through the lens of larger scale issues of class , race , gender and aesthetic - but to say that she falls short is a gross understatement . It just feels so contrived - the dialogue - the meandering plot - the lifeless characters - all of it . This is definitely not a novel that will transport you into the story . It was a complete waste of time to read -LRB- I am kicking myslf for buying it in hardback -RRB- - and such a let-down after having read Ms. Smith 's other work .
 Zadie Smith may have bitten off more than she can chew with `` On Beauty . '' An examination of families , academia , race , class , infidelity , truth , and , ostensibly , beauty , the novel is wide ranging yet lacks a cohesive center . Smith relies heavily on dialogue that is unrealistic , clunky , and detracts from both the narrative threads and character development . Her grasps of American English is tenuous at best , especially her portrayal of `` street '' talk and even her use of academic language . Furthermore , her characters ' voices lack consistency and constantly contradict themselves in tone and cadence . That said , the plot is fairly engaging , in particular the story line that follows Harold Belsey through a mid-life crisis . Perhaps in the future Smith should stick to a world that she knows and understands , as well as employ an adequate copy editor . For an intelligent and witty look at academic life and marital relationships , I heartily recommend Richard Russo 's `` Straight Man . ''
 I do n't like to put a book down , and the only reason I did n't toss this one aside is because it was a gift . What is all the hype about ? The characters were stereotypical , and worse , even after 100 pages into the book , I could n't have cared less about what happened to any of them . The author is far too judgemental of her characters . She forced her judgement of them so much on the reader that I was almost inclined to root for the ones she did n't like . But like I said , I could n't bring myself to care for any of them . The author inserts too much of herself and her opinions into the book , thereby beating the reader over the head with her viewpoints about race , academia , culture , and family life . A superb author can win a reader over to his/her viewpoint in such a subtle way that the reader does not even know that he/she is being pulled in a certain direction . This author clearly prefers a crass sledgehammer approach .
 As a Booker Prize finalist , this novel should be good . Unfortunately , it is n't . Almost without exception , the characters are unlikeable and shallow . Most of them live in a college town , but author Zadie Smith apparently does n't care much for universities . She makes dueling Rembrandt scholars Monty Kipps -LRB- an unchristian Christian , grave robber , and neo-con -RRB- and Howard Belsey -LRB- an illiberal liberal , without a recent original thought , who is temperamentally unable to avoid coupling with members of his faculty and student body -RRB- into cardboard cutouts of the life of the mind . Their respective families and heavily satirized university colleagues do n't fare much better.Philosophically `` On Beauty '' leaves much to be desired as well . Is Mozart or Keats more beautiful than hip-hop , and if so , why ? Is beauty physical , e.g. , the 20-year-old temptress Victoria Kipps , or is it found rather in a breadth of humanity , e.g. , the 250-pound matron and pie-giver Kiki Belsey ? Does deconstructing a text or a painting reveal its beauty or kill it ? Is art life ? Does anyone care?The pacing is uneven , the book has a bloated feel , the prose is often Edwardian , there are riffs -LRB- such as Howard 's visit with his estranged father -RRB- that lead nowhere , characters disappear without a trace , the end is unilluminating . On the other hand , the publisher overstocked by half . The resulting price is more than right .
 I recently got this book and White Teeth and was disappointed in both . Descriptive passages without narrative momentum , snarky and repetitive . This author does not have much to say . I would recommend at least getting them from the library before you waste any money .
 Early in the narrative , we learn that Howard loathes anything carcinogenic . He smokes.Who is the protagonist here ? There is no single story line but several . There are oddities and profanities sexualities and ambiguities of heart . The sex is violent and gratuitous . The profanities stupid and gratuitous . This was a good idea for a long short story.There is mystery , but no resolution.There is infidelity and unwarranted forgiveness . The end left me feeling like Ms. Smith did n't want to go out to buy more ink for the printer.The intellectual/academic men in this book are stupid . The women are wise.For WRITERS who wish to read a young , contemporary novelist with a hand on her own heart -- not on the pulse of the commercial public -- read `` THE HISTORY OF LOVE '' by Nicole Krauss.Zadie Smith 's celebrity sold this book . Nicole Krauss 's talent sells hers.Zadie Smith 's On Beauty , said to be a take off on Howard 's End and like an experiment is remains unfinished , uncertain.Nicole Krauss 's book is its own story , the story of a book , of how a book written sixty years before impacts a random reader and how what we put ** out there ** stays there.The legacy of On Beauty will be its momentary snapshot of a poorly framed current culture of youth.The legacy of A History of Love will be its universal , ever current longing to not be invisible.The main male character in On Beauty is an unattractive wimp who ca n't keep his pants on . Howard 's voice is a whine . I think Ms. Smith despises men.The main male character in The History of Love is an old man who awaits his death . Leo 's voice is permanent and familiar . Ms. Krauss adores her elders.In all the result , for me , of On Beauty , was an exercise in placing all the * right * ingredients into her big soupy novel.Comparing the writing between the two is another review entirely . There is no real heart in On Beauty . It is superficial , yet perfectly written.In `` The History of Love , '' the writing is as alive as its characters . The language does not intrude or insult . The words are perfect , the pauses as well as the gushes of emotion . If only it were a difference in technique , but no - the difference between this book and On Beauty is in the amount of blood the author was willing to pour from herself into the work . Nicole Krauss will need time to heal.I have a personal distaste for writers who add such things as song references , or current trendy markers as items credibility or as time stamps to their stories . Do I really care what the boy listens to on his iPod ? No . I care what the boy feels in his heart.In On Beauty there are wonderful , well developed subplots . It 's the story line that is empty and dependent on these digressions.In A History of Love , one never forgets the very real characters -LRB- though one can become a little lost -RRB- The reader never loses track of the book about which the novel is titled and written , the piece of string that keeps it all together.On Beauty
 First , this book is self indulgently long - her editor must have been afraid to ask her to cut some of the more boing bits . Second , the proofreader must have fallen asleep from the dullness - here are two examples of silly errors that should have been caught before going to press :p . 266 `` specialist boutique that might have the cane with the carved handle which that Carlene had in mind . '' - obviously , ms smith did n't know whether to use `` which '' or `` that '' so put both in!p . 287 `` to laugh at the expensive pretension of bussing down Kingsmen '' - look it up , please , `` bussing '' means `` kissing
 This book was selected for my book club group . We gave it a grade overall of D. Ms Smith is overrated . I do not understand why critics are raving about her . Her writing was confusing . She does not fully develop her characters or explain the story . The character Jerome was in love with Victoria but were never explained how this came about and why it fell apart . Her use of English -LRB- American -RRB- language was crazy . She should have written about her home instead of a place she apparently does not understand or know how to write about . She never fully explains the feud of two main characters , Howard and Kipps . People who were minor characters became major players with no real purpose to the story . It was onfusing , overdone and not that great .
 I did recieve this book . I did not order this book . If I did order this book it is because I clicked on the incorrect box . I have not read the book . I will keep it , however . It is just too much hasstle to return the book to you.Arnetta Swan
 If you 'd like to read funny novels about academia , read David Lodge . As did many reviewers , I enjoyed White Teeth for the author 's brash , audacious style -LRB- with certain reservations -RRB- . This review should be rated in yawns not stars - she is an author with prodigiously interesting images but who really struggles when it comes to investing her own heart into characters and plotlines . Too clever for her own good and the reliance on Howard 's End is a misstep . Clearly , Zadie Smith is the darling of critics but I trust Amazon reviewers on this one .
 Talk about dont believe the hype this is truly an instance of that . A poor tree gave it 's life for this book and to say nothing of all the man hours that went into writing this junk . Dont buy this book save your money . Nothing rings true of the book . It was like she was writing about a group of people she had heard about but never met . About places she had read a little about but never visited . There is no story here I would advice a soul to waste their time reading . Remember that is time you will wish you had that wasted time back on your death bed .
 This book , though good , was n't great . I expect great from something receiving so much hype . I was interested in the story , but did n't much care about what happened for the characters . I wish I had spent my time somewhere else .
 White Teeth was dead boring but gave her the benefit of the doubt and perservered with Autograph Man , which again failed to capture my interest on any level . Have only read On Beauty as I always try and read the Booker shortlist and how this novel can be nominated , let alone shortlisted is beyond me . Again it just seems to be a raving mess . I really want to like this author - she interviews well , is very beautiful , I definately admire her , but if this wins over Arthur and George and Never let me Go there is something seriously wrong -LRB- although last years winner was rubbish too ! -RRB-
 Zadie Smith knows little about life in a small liberal arts school in Massachusetts . After all , she is not even American and it appears that she has done little research on this subject matter . Characters did not seem realistic or believable . It seemed to me that she or her publisher wanted to market the book to an American audience so she made the book take place in the US , but that subject is not her expertise.I understand that this book was nominated for the Booker - I am starting to lose respect for the prize . It is not even well written . There is much better fiction out there - skip this one !
 As gifted a writer as Zadie Smith is , she disappoints in `` On Beauty '' . Lifting a novel 's entire structure from E.M Forster is not an `` homage '' - it is plagiarism . Translating another author 's plot into present-day idiom is , at best , a sophomoric exercise . I expected better from this talented author.Do yourself a favor and ignore the hype that surrounds this book . Read the work in its original form , E.M. Forster 's `` Howard End '' . And pick up Zadie Smith 's `` White Teeth '' to see what this author can do when she refrains from the derivative .
 I initially enjoyed this book and the characters but as I got further into the story , I started to feel like it was n't going anywhere . The story seemed to run out of steam for me after Carlene discovered the truth about Howard 's affair . I found myself wandering and losing interest after that point and then I finally gave up without finishing the book .
 So I read it - based upon the euphoric reviews . Excuse me - while there are two hilarious scenes regarding academia -LRB- Zora 's blackmail of the dean to gain admission to a class and a university faculty meeting -RRB- and one truly sad scene when an older faculty member goes back to visit his working class dad , there is nothing else to recommend reading 400 + pages about basically uninteresting , sometimes nasty folks - no matter what their color . The book is disjointed in terms of narrative and uninteresting in terms of characters . If I met them at a gathering of any sort I would run for cover and I am so annoyed that I spent as much time with them as I did .
 After writing `` White Teeth , '' -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- Zadie Smith has not come close to a satisfying read.The plot of `` On Beauty '' is unoriginal -- how many times have we read about middle aged professors sleeping around , with the `` good '' wife and hip kids -- puhleese!The main charcters are uninteresting , and the writing is just OK.When the cover of a book has the author 's name in type 5 times larger than the title , watch out!Waste of time .
 Chekov would 've hated this novel . Why ? By the end of the novel , there are a dozen guns on the mantle , not one of them fired.Every character had potential . Every story thread had potential.But non of them go anywhere!I read the whole novel WAITING and nothing ever really happened.There is an affair which has no real meaning in the book but to supposedly add weight . There are friendships which never go anyhwere.The supposed main plot never even really happens.Guns guns everywhere but not a single shot fired !
 Our entire book club disliked this book . We had a hard time feeling a connection to the characters . Howard , the largest presence in this story , feels like a blank at the core . Upon putting this book down , his motivations and what might be in his heart were still a mystery to me . Characters such as Jerome , Victoria , and Carl were intriguingly introduced , but then inconsistently treated for the rest of the text . Especially Carl - he just disappears - no resolution to his story at all . As am homage to Howard 's End , some of the parallels were not strongly enough underscored to flesh out this book for me . For example , the heart-to-heart connection between Kiki Belsey and Carlene Kipps does not jump off the page at you the way the connection between Margaret Schlegel and Mrs. Wilcox did.I thought Zora was one of the most interesting characters , and I like how Smith contrasted her obviously high intelligence and intellectual arrogance with her social awkwardness and sexual insecurity . But Smith makes her smug a bit too often , and so feeling a connection with Zora is difficult as well - most of the time I just wanted to smack her . And I have to agree with the others that Smith needs to brush up on her American characterizations . There was next to no authenticity in that regard . Especially the Southern dialogue - laughable!It also feels like Smith had a hard time figuring out how to end this book ... I understand that end is supposed to be a beginning of sorts ... but the fact that there were so many plot threads left dangling , unresolved , by the last page just gave me a feeling of incomplete-ness . Aaaargh ... must go and re-read Howard 's End to dispell the queasy feeling left by On Beauty .
 I am one third of the way through On Beauty . I came to Amazon to see if I was the only one just not getting this book . I do n't care about the characters , the setting or plot . I agree with one of the other reviewer 's when he said the book was long winded . I finish most books and even picked this book up for the second time to give it a chance but I just do n't have the patience to continue when there are so many good books I still have not read . Once again , I should have read the reviews on the jacket more carefully and I would have realized they were for her last book and none were for this book , always a dead giveaway . I just checked my only other review and saw that in that review I recommended Zadie Smith 's White Teeth . Funny .
 Hard to beleive a first time novelist would have gotten this published , let alone well reviewed . the characters do n't speak anything like real people -LRB- an inner city rapper
 Having read White Teeth with glee and interest , I felt that On Beauty might be as good if not better . It is not . It is annoying . What happened to the editorial process ? Zadie Smith uses English vernacular where American would be appropriate . It 's a trap a lot of English people new to America fall into and it is jarring.The story is just a ghastly rehash of the usual academics-are-god type that has been written countless times , and it is done without gusto . There is a smugness to the tone of the writing that is also unattractive . There is a lack of wisdom to the whole enterprise that makes this read like a high school essay.In summary , I agree with the above reviewer 's comment `` the author overlooked the necessity to keep the book interesting and credible . ''
 I read this book on a train and then plane . The only option to not finishing the book was to stare at the seat in front of me . I would not have bothered to finish it otherwise . It is dull . There is not a single character that is likeable . I do n't want to read a book where I dislike every character . The characters do not grow as people . The main character , Howard , learns to use Powerpoint by the end of the book . That is his biggest achievement . It is that dull.It felt to me as if Ms Smith was tasked with writing a book that could be sold to the broadest possible audience , so it is a transatlantic and mixed race . There are lots of things she obviously does n't know about America.The sex in it is horrible . One of the things that annoy me about literature aimed at young women is the propensity for attractive young females to form relationships with crusty old men , of the age where nasty hairs have sprouted out of their ears . Is this realistic ? -LRB- Another example is A girls guide to fishing and Hunting . -RRB- Maybe this is the norm for those in the publishing field , but it just does n't work for me . It happened twice in this book , with different old geezers . It is a statistical anomaly.The academic setting was not at convincing either . Moo by Jane Smiley does a better job.I 'm giving it a two because the girl can write well , I just do n't think she has that much to write about . I 'm sorry to be so harsh as I thought White Teeth was great .
 This is the only book by Zadie Smith that I have read and by the contents of this one I do n't feel like reading any other . However , I guess I should not judge this `` it '' author by one lousy book . This book was so boring , it centered too much on academia and not on the people who had potential of being slightly riveting . There were too many stories at once , the connection between the characters was dubious , none of the chapters of the characters culminated in a satisfying ending . To conclude , Howard is such a bore , it was a mistake to center the book on this character .
 This was the first time while reading a book I have lost my place and thought it would n't matter where I started again . I was tempted to go on reading close to the end rather than try and find my place . Now having finished and read the whole thing I regret the extra time spent . Not only did the characters not learn from each other or develop over time , but I stayed much the same too from taking the journey with them .
 I can not understand the praise this book has received . The subject matter was kind of boring , the characters completely unbelievable . It was an ok read and I laughed once or twice but it was really nothing special .
 `` Recessional '' was alot like the salad bar served nightly at `` The Palms '' - lots of choices with very little quality . I got the distinct impression that the story line of this shallow novel was only a vehicle for Michener 's pontifications on subjects as diverse as Aids , Race Relations and Aging . There was very little character development , so it was difficult to care about any one in particular . But the biggest problem I had was the inattention to detail ; detail which has made earlier Michener novels so captivating and entertaining . There are few Michener books I have n't read , so it it hard for me to suggest , but perhaps it is time for Mr. Michener to pack up his typewriter and enjoy the company of his peers in a `` Palms ''
 I have read almost all of Mitchner 's books and I have enjoyed all of them until this one . It is bland , overly predictable . It also seems like whoever wrote it -LRB- I would be willing to bet that some ghostwriter did or maybe James Mitchner JUNIOR to collect just one last big royalty before the old guy died -RRB- Which would be very ironic since the book spends lot of time on GREEDY children . The book is just one long SOAPBOX for someone to attack 1 -RRB- greedy lawyers causing doctors to fear doing their jobs because of bogus lawsuits 2 -RRB- greedy dentists in Florida who rip off old patients 3 -RRB- poor blacks who no matter how hard they try will never get a fair chance ; 4 -RRB- lack of free healthcare for AIDS patients and 5 -RRB- evil religious people who believe in the right to life ... . Gets old really fast .
 I have read and enjoyed nearly all James Michener 's books so when I found `` Recesional '' at a flea market I thought I was in for yet another good read . I finished this book only because I felt compelled to say I read it through . The book is way below Michener 's usual attention to detail , has a sappy storyline , several blatant inaccuracies and a reference to a `` retard '' I found disturbing for an author of this caliber . Definitely one for the recycle bin .
 The Kirkus review says it all . I wonder if Michener did more than preside over this book rather than write it himself . It seems driven by research his staff has unearthed about retirement homes , death and diseases . He then weaves a weak story , with corny dialogue around this information and calls it a novel . It would get little attention if his name was n't on it .
 This is a book your boring granddaddy might have written . That it was -LRB- allegedly -RRB- written by the monumentally talented James A. Michener is hard to believe . It was written relatively late in his life , and he was losing it .
 Even if you only read the cover , the author still deceived you . The Magyars conquered Hungary about 800 AD and the venus goes back a few thousand years.I also noted every one of Hamilton 's Hungarians was either shady , greedy , or both . Worst of all , her plot was filled with unlikely coincidences.I grew up in a Hungarian family and so I regret the author did n't take advantage of Hungarian culture . For example , Hungarian is the world 's most pretty language but the author hardly mentioned it . The author also could have written more about Hungarian cuisine.Hungarian cold cuts and sausage have a very unusual flavor that is unlike anything else in the world . Outside Hungary very few people know the taste sensation of a good Hurka .
 Im very disappointed with this publication , not at all what i was expecting . I love Persian food and used to eat at a local restaurant in the Gaslamp District , downtown San Diego . The dishes depicted are nothing like the wonderful meals served at my favorite restaurants , i was hoping to at least make a few dishes that i remember form my time in California . Guess ill have to keep searching for a better publication ?
 This book is not super-comprehensive , but is a good overview with lots of neat details regarding the oils it includes . However , I ordered this for a Christmas present and got the other things I ordered at the same time , but DID NOT recieve this until after Christmas . Very disappointing .
 I had read one of the stories already-The Oracle of the Dog - which was fine , but you can find that in an anthology of Chesterton 's Father Brown . Of the other three stories only the Dorothy Sayers was a pleasure . Try to find The Elopement of Lord Peter somewhere else and skip this book .
 One of the worst books I have ever read . A simplistic plot interspered with enough sex to mask the lack of depth , plot complexity , or character development leaves the reader thoroughly disappointed . However , if you enjoy sophomoric soap operas , you might like this book which is basically a soap opera in murder mystery book clothing . For the serious mystery reader , this is not your cup of tea .
 Arthur Rowe is a graying middle-aged man who visits a parish carnival . He tries the fortune teller and unknowingly mentions a coded question . He is told to guess the weight of the cake raffle as `` four pounds eight and a half ounces '' ! Rowe won this prize , but there was some question about it . Back at his apartment he has a piece of cake . Then a bomb falls and destroys his apartment -LRB- war time London -RRB- . The new tenant went to the hospital . Rowe goes to a Private Inquirer to find out about this new tenant , and why he put a drug in Rowe 's tea . Next Rowe goes to track down the fortune teller , and visits the lobbying group called the `` Free Mothers '' . Hilfe takes him to a seance where somebody is stabbed . Rowe makes his escape before the police arrive . -LSB- This is followed by pages of reminiscing about Rowe 's boyhood . It pads the story , and displays Greene 's literary prowess . A film would cut it all out to simplify the story . -RSB- Pages tell of life in wartime London under the bombs.The story continues with an undercover operative fooling Rowe into taking a suitcase to a hotel room . -LSB- `` No good deed ever goes unpunished . '' -RSB- Johns explains the `` Ministry of Fear '' as the method of gathering dirt on important people then threatening them with exposure if they do n't cooperate . -LSB- SOP for the Secret Services . -RSB- Could a witness disappear into a private asylum -LRB- Book Two -RRB- ? Rowe manages to escape from the asylum , and goes to the police . His information matches what is known . The police raid the private asylum and find 3 dead men . They can not find the spool of microfilm with the secret papers . They find the buttons and shoes from Jones , the private inquirer , but nothing else . Its easy to get rid of a body in war time . It all ends well
 This book is full of errors , some blatant , some subtle , especially about Jesus Christ himself and about Scripture . I 'd give it zero stars . While there are a few parts that are ok , there are some outrageous errors in it and it contradicts or misinterprets the teaching of the Church in a number of places . You can get good information elsewhere without these errors that will lead people astray . Read the real Catechism of the Catholic Church if you want to know the faith . And PS , contrary to the claims of this or any other supposedly Catholic book , the Second Vatican Council reaffirmed in its document Dei Verbum -LRB- see section 19 -RRB- , what the Church has always maintained
 The community impact evaluation methodology is certainly a complicated concept . While the author did go into great lengths to describe and explain it , he fell short of presenting it in a way that can be understood reasonably easily . In a book on a completely different subject matter -LRB- system development
 Some of the information in this book might be useful to someone starting from ground zero - someone who knows absolutely nothing about dieting or who still believes that grapefruit burns calories or that fasting is safe . For those who have any knowledge of nutrition , however , the book presents nothing original or even interesting . Worse , though , the book also contains misinformation . Kirby knows little about vegetarian nutrition and is apparently unaware of what is really now old news - that the old-style food combining of the seventies actually is n't necessary . She also proposes a hard-boiled egg as a healthful diet snack , so one has to wonder about her general nutritional knowledge as well . Such a high-cholesterol snack might be all right once in a while , but it 's hardly a good food for someone trying to avoid heart disease as well as lose weight . I used to believe I could trust information in the `` For Dummies , '' books , but now I 'm not so sure . This is the first book I 've ever returned in my life .
 This book is packed with information -- there is no question about that ! It is full of accepted , conventional wisdom . And that is why I did not like the book . When I read it I said to myself `` here we go again '' . The introduction says `` You can trust us , we are from the American Dietetic Association '' . But I think it is the same old junk that the FDA and the USDA and all our so-called experts have been giving us for the last 25 years while we get fatter and fatter and lose more and more of our grandparents and parents to heart disease and diabetes . Diabetes has become a problem now even for children as young as 10 years old . Why ? I can not understand why it is taking so long for the word to get out . There is a revolution going on right under our noses . In my opinion , while people like Dr. Atkins and others were on the right track , only Doctors Michael and Mary Dan Eades have put it all together and come up with a health program that really works . I 've lost 55 pounds , lowered my cholesterol by 17 % , my triglycerides by 66 % , and my LDL by 15 % . Moreover , I 've rasied my HDL -LRB- the `` good '' cholesterol -RRB- by 13 % . My blood pressure is now around 120/70 . My ratio of Total Cholesterol to HDL is down from 5.0 to 3.7 . -LRB- 5.0 and over is associated with heart disease -RRB- . I 've read all of this stuff before ! I 've been to Weight Watchers , Nutri Systems and Jenny Craig . I 've tried all kinds of diets . Trying to follow the food pyramid just does n't work . Let 's face it , we just do n't have time to prepare and eat so-called `` well balanced meals '' -LRB- with too many carbs anyway -RRB- day in and day out . In my opinion , this book is a waste of your money and time and effort . If you want to know what really works and why buy `` The Protein Power Lifeplan '' by Doctors Michael and Mary Dan Eades -LRB- on this site -RRB- instead of this book . Better yet , buy them both ! Try this one -LRB- or the other -RRB- for a year and then try the other for a year and then email and let me know how you did .
 ok this book is like really boring ! but if you are willing to go on a diet the hard way this book is for you ! it 's not exactly what i thought it will be because i usually look for books on dieting that are simple and affective ! i 'm 11 and my weight is like 95 pounds ! i do n't wan na be a fat so ! i was looking for a boook to help get rid of my fat easily and quickly but i guess this book is not right for me ! try a book called Eat more , weigh less
 This book may be useful if you have only a modest amount to lose and know very little about weight loss . In that case , the advice here -- fill up on vegetables , do n't skip meals -- may help you reach your goal . But , for anyone who has a more serious weight problem , this book may do more harm that good.Some of the book 's advice is so overambitious , it 's ludicrous . For example , the author claims that a good daily exercise goal to shoot for is 20,000 steps of walking , which she notes is about ten miles . She claims this takes about an hour . Just how unrealistic is it to expect dieters to walk 10 miles in an hour ? Very -- it 's faster than the WORLD RECORD for race walking.The book 's advice is often contradictory . Early in the book , the author says that people under the age of 18 should not try to lose weight . Later on , she says that they should . At other times , the advice is also lacking in detail . She says one should cut back on fat , but then says eating a little fat with each meal helps stave off hunger . How much fat is `` a little '' ? She does n't say.One section that was very interesting was the part about bariatric surgery . The descriptions of the surgical procedures and of likely long-term side effects would be quite useful for anyone contemplating this drastic route to weight loss . However , even here the book contradicts itself . First , the authors says that people undergoing this procedure can expect to lose 30-40 % of their starting weight , which would take a 400 lb person down to about 250 lbs ; later , she says they can expect to lose 60 % of their starting weight -- which would bring a 400 lb person all the way down to 160 pounds.Perhaps most importantly , the author heavily emphasizes how unhealthy it is to be even slightly overweight , but barely mentions research showing that losing a modest amount -- 10 % of starting weight -- has huge health benefits . This book may leave seriously overweight people thinking that improving their health is hopeless.In summary , this book may be a useful starting point for people who are just learning how to diet , but is likely to frustrate and discourage anyone with a serious weight problem .
 This author was suggested to me because Hiaasen was supposed to be funny . To be fair it 's probably rated poorly by me because it was very different than the stories I usually read . It had it 's moments and it did keep me curious to end it.It was n't very funny and it lacked substance . What was the point of everything ?
 OK , so it 's a readable story and I cracked the occasional wry grin at some of the bizarre scenarios , but where are the belly laughs that the hype promised me ? Perhaps it 's a cultural thing and Hiaasen 's humour does n't cross the Atlantic very well ? The book seemed to be packed full of in-jokes that only Americans will understand and it made me feel like my friends were talking about a party to which I was n't invited . Sorry , but for satire and a good laugh , give me a Tom Sharpe book any day !
 Having read and enjoyed the author 's young adult book Hoot , and looking for a light adult read , I picked up this book which has the reputation of being funny and light . Frankly , it was both of those things , but within a hundred pages , it became eminently easy to put down . I enjoy a diversion reading book periodically , and have some adult writers that meet those needs , Thomas Perry and Harold Adams to name two . This one did n't make it for me . It seemed to be a lot of
 Dunbar 's poetry is so good that it should be almost impossible to ruin a collection of his poems , yet somehow they 've done it.Start with the table of contents and the index of first lines . The page numbers are apparently from an earlier edition of the book where the poems started on page 3 . In the present edition , the poems begin on page 23 , so the page numbers given start out 20 pages off . But each page contains a few extra lines , so that when you try to find the poem Sympathy -LRB- `` I know what the caged bird feels , alas ! '' -RRB- on page 102 and you think `` well , let 's add 20 '' and look on page 122 , no , wrong again . It 's on page 112 . So if you need to find a certain poem , go to the page number they give you , read the name of a poem that is actually on that page , look that poem up in the index , and compare the page number given in the index with the page it is actually on . That will tell you approximately how many pages away your poem is . As another example , you will find We Wear The Mask on page 85 , not page 71 . -LRB- On the principle that even a stopped clock is right twice a day , the poems that appear on pages 184 to 186 actually are correct . Poems from page 187 on are on lower page numbers than the number given , until they are 4 pages off by the end of the book . -RRB- Typography ? It appears to have been typed . With a typewriter . Remember typewriters ? The titles of the poems are in capital letters , probably because typewriters did n't have boldface type . This compounds the pagination problem , because the titles do not stand out from the text . Sometimes the title of the poem is at the bottom of one page and the poem at the top of the next page.And they did n't bother to put the title of the book on the spine , so good luck finding it on a bookshelf.The phrase `` High Quality '' appears twice on the cover of this book . That 's false advertising .
 DONT BUY BOOK FOR HIM ! THE BOOK I BOUGHT IS MISSING TWO PAGES , AND THE SELLER NEVER RESPONSE TO MY EMIAL .
 2 classmates bought the regular edition , and not the UofP special edition . they had the same book but did not end up spending as much as the rest of us . I paid $ 110 for a USED copy and was not able to access any of the additional info with the access code because the code is only good once . the previous owner of the book had already registered the access code , so it was worthless for me .
 This order was the worst thing I could have ever done !!! The book was not as advertised and when I contacted the seller and was told to return the book , I did . I NEVER RECEIVED ANY CREDIT FOR THE RETURN!THIS SELLER IS CERTAINLY NOT UP TO AMAZON STANDARDS.NEVER , NEVER , NEVER ORDER FROM THIS SELLER !!!
 It was disappointing that the CD was broken . The book was not gently used either -- the book should have been classified as in acceptable condition -- not good and definitely not `` very good '' .
 I read this textbook as part of a biology class this summer.Overall , one could make an argument that it deserves more than two stars because it 's not really worse than typical college textbooks . I do n't buy that.First , the good points
 Hey , guess what ? There is an international criminal court ! And we Americans are n't supporting it ! Now , is that because we Americans want to commit crimes and get away with them ? The author of this article implies that it is . But I think it is more of a case of legitimate concerns that Americans and others would be accused of crimes by genuine criminals . And that the international criminal court would in fact support the thugs.Green claims that there is a valid concern that the ICC will be ineffective
 This book only contains multiple choice/exam type questions and a key to the correct answers , there are no explanations . This book assumes that you have studied the principles and use of MRI technology .
 I 'm taking the MRI registry tomorrow & I 've been studing several pieces of material . I believe there are wrong answers in this study guide . Guess we 'll find out tomorrow .
 The main tragedy of this book is that Burrows is a horrible journalist . The title of the book should read
 It is clear that this book was rushed through to follow onto some of the sensational headlines of the HP/Compaq acquistion battle . The story is so spotty and incomplete that it is apparent that the author must not have had time to do his homework for the book . Also , I wonder what kind of editor rushed this book to press . I found several blatant inconsistencies and contradictions of the facts presented in the book -LRB- like where Carly was working at certain times -RRB- . It is a shame that people will probably read this and take it to be the truth .
 It is clear that Burrows wrote this book to make Carly Fiorina look as bad as he possibly could . There simply is no balanced reporting here . This is a hatchet job from beginning to end and not work the time it took to read it .
 The stories are interesting , but usually consist of little more than anecdotal evidence.And thats OK if you take it for what it is , but remember that when Christians give testimonies atheists invariably like to claim `` anecdotal evidence is not evidence '' . So if these stories are being presented as an argument , and not simply a biographical account , they fail .
 Various reasons are given for leaving the faith . Some , for instance , clearly bought into humanistic ideas . Others fell into sin . However , most if not all of the authors in this anthology testify to once having `` gone up to the altar '' and `` feeling saved '' . Is it possible that they mistook an emotional or cultural experience for a real receiving of Christ as Savior ? Or , as the Biblical Demas , did they simply fall in love with the world ?
 Writing rebuttals on the review section for your own book ? Classy Ed ! Ca n't your compilation of `` freedom '' stories stand on its own ?
 This book lacks the proper context about those who abandon a profession in Christ . When many of Christ 's disciples stopped following Him , He was not surprised . To the contrary ; He gave the following challenge to the remaining disciples
 The essays in this book are yet more proof that people apostatize from their professed Christian faith because they do n't like being accountable to their Creator . Then they find it easy to rationalize and pretend that their rejection of Christianity is because of ` evidence ' . A case in point are the essays giving ... attacks on Noah 's Flood and Ark as their ` reasons ' for rejecting the Bible . John Woodmorappe 's book `` Noah 's Ark
 Leaving the Fold # 1 . They know of Christ but they do not `` KNOW '' him.Matthew 15
 This is the only book I have ever actually thrown out ! The book lists all the reasons that the Little Critter is having such a terrible day - only the reasons are n't really terrible -LRB- such as having to eat oatmeal instead of sugary cereal -RRB- or they are the consequence of some action by the critter -LRB- he leaves his toys out and they are damaged -RRB- . The `` happy ending '' is that everything is OK because the Dad buys the critter a new toy . This book sends a variety of terrible messages to children .
 I find the Little Critter books cute ... most of the time . This book however I threw away . While the critter is having a bad day but throughout the book his mother never one holds and comforts him , and in the end the thing that changes his bad day is the fact that his dad bought him a new toy . There are no real solutions on how to handle a bad day , just the lesson that id you are feeling bad maybe someone can buy you something and make you feel better.Grover 's bad , awful day by Anna H. Dickinson is a much better choice .
 This is n't a terrible book with hideous plot holes & rampant spelling errors . And , perhaps , to give Gardner his due , if one has seen many B-Movies of the 30s , 40s & 50s , the humor would be more apparent.That said , a reasonably competent 14-year-old boy could have written this book . The jokes are obvious , the humor & situations forced . I picked this up hoping for a pale shadow of the humor by other masters such as Terry Pratchett or Douglas Adams - and Gardner falls seriously short of this mark . He may be compared to the latter -LRB- and worst -RRB- efforts of Robert Aspirin - you know the ones I mean . There is no sparkling wit , startling plot developments or well-drawn characters with defined & consistent motivations . It 's a parody of an oft-lampooned genre.His style is unremarkable , his storytelling facile & pedestrian . The idea itself is a good one - I just wish a more gifted writer worked this materiel than Mr. Gardner.It 's not a terrible book , just so completely unremarkable & badly paced that you really should skip it unless you are already a devoted Gardner fan .
 This book was very disappointing . Whilst it did give an overall feeling of Milat 's background and the kind of person he is , the books is written in the language of the socioeconomic class of the people involved -LRB- bottom of the ladder -RRB- , which after a few chapters is very irritating.The lack of forensic detail you would expect in this genre is sorely missing , and my overall feeling was that I would have been much better informed by simply reading the newspapers at the time.Don ' t waste your time or money on this one .
 If I could look beyond this book 's Christian slant I might agree with some of what other reviewers are saying about it . In truth , the subtitle should be `` Awaken your passion to be your Higher Christ - Self . '' If you can overlook that and other references to God -LRB- assuming this is the Christian God since we already see the Christ influence -RRB- the messages in the book could be enlightening . I doubt that the author intentionally left out the other religions in the world , for if it were so it would imply that only those of Christ mind could find enlightenment.The basic ideas of this book are that there are four obstacles to love
 Burgess was the model for talking animal stories . His characters use good English , are modeled on real behavior of the beast in question , and there is a minimal plotline . Mostly written for what is now about a first to third grade level , the stories are a good ` read aloud ' for pre-schoolers as well . Move on from these to Wind in the Willows -LRB- Grahame -RRB- , Wainscot Weasel , or Brian Jacques ' Redwall series .
 I bought the Kindle addition . Of couse the stories are great and i would rate 5-star but the text is filled with type errors . One other reviewer wrote there are no typos , but there are many . I own a hard copy of all of stories so it is easy for me to check . I did n't notice it at first , probably because of the many Britsh words and usages , but now it has become quite annoying.Also someone wrote there is no index . There is but it is n't the easiest to get toThe text to speech is terrible.Like I said , great stories . The price is right but look for a differnt version .
 Just bought a book by Bantam Books . Probably the worst printed book I have ever purchased . Printed words so close to the binding you can barely read them . I will definitely stay away from Bantam Books in the future .
 It was encouraging to see a complete Sherlock Holmes set on Kindle . But although it is readable , Kindle makes frequent mistakes about location and reverts to other books when moving from chapter to chapter in one selection . I gave up trying to read when it would inexplicably made a hyperspace leap to another unnamed book or short story and require careful searching to find the actual volume and page I had just been reading . This Kindle edition needs to be fixed or junked . It ai n't worth even a buck as is .
 All the stories of Sherlock Holmes are crammed onto 472 pages -LRB- without the T of C -RRB- , each page measuring 10.7 '' by 7.5 '' . My first impression , on opening the book , was that a gray mist had been sprayed on each page . Looking closer , I realized the gray stuff was the text . I will not subject myself to this sort of eye strain , and suggest you do n't either.The previous edition was over 1,100 pages . The Amazon preview pages for this volume loaded so slowly I gave up trying to see them , and wasted my money on this illegible copy . Do n't buy it , would be my recommendation . Try to find the earlier , green-covered book , with larger print and over twice as many pages .
 I love Sherlock Holmes , and thought this would be a great thing at a great price.Trouble is , it does n't look all that great on the Kindle . They do n't use typesetter 's quotes -LRB- smart quotes -RRB- , and so it looks more like an old DOS screen than a book , especially given how much dialog is in these books . Other books on the Kindle look a lot better.If you care about your ebooks looking like books , do n't get this edition.I recommend this edition instead : The Complete Sherlock Holmes -LRB- Collection of all his adventures ; 9 Volumes in one Book -RRB-
 I purchased this item at Amazon for my Kindle . The text started out fine , but later on was filled with misspellings , typos , etc. . Also , it was NOT a complete collection . Only two of the 12 `` Casebook of Sherlock Holmes '' stories were included ! I wish there was some way the items could be better-screened so purchases could be made on an informed basis . Oh , well , caveat emptor !
 The volume is not a 1,000 page book as Amazon states and the text is not large as one of the reviewers states . Apparantly there are several versions of this text available , so be careful when ordering this.I found the text small enough to have to retrun the book .
 I missed the several reviews that said this edition was MISSING TEN STORIES ! Complete ? Hardly ! NOT every Sherlock Holmes story written by Doyle . If that 's what you are looking for , this IS N'T IT !
 I thought I would be reading reviews of the Naxos audiobooks Sherlock Holmes.Instead there are reviews of the printed book version . Why did n't somebody at Amazon catch this ? Where do I find reviews for the audiobooks version ?
 spending time with this great classic is like hooking up with an old boyfriend ! time has enhanced perception , love , & appreciation . even without jude law ! /
 This , without any doubt , is the smallest type I have ever seen in a book . Ever.There must be 10,000 words on a page.You know how Ripley 's Believe-It-Or-Not has the entire King James bible on a postage stamp?Sort of like that.UNreadable .
 The stories themselves are , of course , beyond reproach . And the value of all four novels and all the short stories for under a buck is ridiculous . However , the number of typos here is outrageous , and it 's particularly off-putting here because of the exquisite craft of the writing . There were several instances in the first few stories I read where a series of typos changed the meaning of the story , causing me to go back and re-read . The exact kind of irritating experience I do n't want when I 'm reading purely for pleasure . Why ca n't someone simply proofread and correct the Kindle version before it 's published ? I am sure they 've sold a thousand Kindle versions of this book . If Amazon charged $ 1.49 instead of $ .99 , they could pay some smarty-pants grad student $ 500 to proofread and I bet they 'd have lost very few sales . Instead , I find myself once again reluctant to purchase any book written before the Kindle era .
 This collection is not , `` Every Holmes story written by Doyle . '' Doyle wrote 56 Holmes short stories . The final twelve are omitted from this collection , apparently for copyright reasons .
 The book is not quite as advertised . There are 46 short stories in this Kindle edition . Doyle wrote 56 Holmes short stories . I counted them in my hard bound edition of a complete Sherlock Holmes works . THE FALSE ADVERTISING IS THE PHRASE '' -LRB- Every Sherlock Holmes story written by Doyle ! -RRB- '' . NOT TRUE ! Other than this it is a good collection with a working linked-TOC . The stories left out must still not be available in inexpensive e-text due to their copy-write date .
 The typeface is very small . This is a problem with buying books online ; there is just no way to know if the font used is average-sized and readable -- or excruciatingly tiny and sure to bring on a case of eyestrain . These books are the latter.If microscopic print does n't bother you , these two are a very nice set in a shelf-box . I 'd love them - except I ca n't see them . Too bad , really.Since there is no preview that can inform a potential buyer as to font-size , I felt my review would focus on this , so as to alert those interested .
 The book would be one of my favorites but I can hardly read it!I have perfect 20/20 vision but reading this book is very difficult to read ! The type is so small I can only read small sections at a time and it makes my eyes hurt and gives me a headache.This book would be perfect with more pages and larger print . What a shame . Save your eyesight and buy another version ! I wish I could exchange mine !
 The book is oversized but I agree with the previous reviewer that the print is too small -- luckily , I found `` The Annotated Sherlock Holmes '' edited by William S. Baring-Gould at a used bookstore and is the BEST complete Sherlock Holmes collection I have EVER seen and the supplemental material is extensive and staggeringly wonderful -- try to find that one -LRB- it will probably be in 2 volumes -RRB- in the used book section of this site ...
 I received the hard back and it is too difficult to read -LRB- 2 columns of print per page of very small print -RRB- I 'm going to buy the paperback which looked a lot more reader friendly .
 i got the sample a couple of weeks ago ... decided to buy today , but it 's gone ! 1 star for no availability .
 This is the smallest type I have ever seen also , as another reviewer pointed out . Since the Great Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was probably not a midget , the publishers of this atrocity have done the impossible and that is to make the stories of Sherlock Holmes unreadable . Yes , UNREADABLE . There is another book of the complete Sherlock Holmes and it is CHEAPER . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GET THE PAPERBACK.Sir Arthur Conan Doyle deserves much better than this and so do you , his patient , yet victimized readers . Something like this needs a spit on the ground . My apology to the family of the great Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . Another thing , Why does everyone seem to forget that the SIR in Doyle 's name . HE WAS KNIGHTED IN 1902 AND THEY 'RE STILL NOT CALLING HIM SIR ! AGHHHH!Sir Arthur Conan Doyle1859-1930
 I 'm sure this set of tapes was very good in its day . The problem is that its day came along about 20 years ago . If you want to learn about the history of the genre and some of the basic subdivisions its contains ... category , historical , regency , etc. , then you might find this series to have some small value to you . But if you want to learn about the genre as it operates today , your money would be better spent on the new edition of `` How to Write a Romance '' by Kathryn Falk , publisher of Romantic Times Magazine . Ms. Wilbee needs to do a serious update of this series in order for it to be of any value today .
 The author seems to be angry at God and it is shown by his very low opinion of God . His characterizations of God and His motives are far from Biblical truth . He attributes God as having been `` lured -LRB- by Satan -RRB- ... into torturing the innocent Job . '' -LRB- p. 32 -RRB- . It is clear that Mr. Miles ' lacks an understanding of certain basic hermeneutic and exegetical principles .
 The author presents a God that fails in His goal to protect Israel from Rome and so He is forced to develop a posture of weakness to try and humiliate those that are strong . His parody is to try and show that there is no God , only mans attempt to bring together actual events alongside the continued presence of God in the world.This book fails as a serious investigation , and as for literary entertainment - making jokes of serious moral issues just plain doesn &#8217; t work . To name a few problems
 God is a sinner , according to Jack Miles , the author of God
 How seriously can we take this book - not very . Although the author presents the material in research fashion , with footnotes referring to biblical translations , the book is largely just the thoughts of Mr. Miles and I am not sure if he is fooling himself or trying to fool his readers . The first clue is his first footnote
 I wrote a longer review on this book a while back , but for some reason it was not posted.I really did n't enjoy it at all and had a hard time wading through it , but I did.This book is so self - centered that it lacked any humor . If you think of the better stand up comics such as Buttons , Skelton , Mason , Dangerfield , Gleason , Carney , Hope , Cohen , or just about anyone you can think of ; you 'll find that the object of their humor is self-directed . Anyway , if you like the humor of the ones I 've mentioned ; you wo n't find it in this book .
 There is not one laugh in this book . Save your money , you can get more laughs from an obituary column .
 I think that they should give you only eighty math problems on facts practices in the earlier lessons . They make you do it in FIVE MINUTES ! Should they expect kids to be good automatically ? NO ! Kids should work at their own rate . How could a beginning fourth grader finnish one hundred math problems in five minutes ?!? They do n't even try to make it fun for kids who despise math ! Just because you 're in fourth grade does n't mean education has to be strict and boring !!!
 My son is currently using this text in the fourth grade , and I was appalled when I flipped through his book the other day . Instead of seeing simple , common terminology such as `` add '' or `` subtract '' , I saw `` some , some more '' and `` larger , smaller , difference '' . What this book has done is take basic concepts that are familiar to nine-year-olds and convoluted them , apparently trying to make simple tasks even easier . With books like these , which fail to use standard terminology , it 's no wonder that America 's youth is struggling with math skills . Addition and subtraction are basic skills that all students must know , and this book is doing our bright kids a disservice .
 As a homeschooling mom and someone who understands math , I give you this advice . Do NOT under any circumstances force your child into this method of ` learning ' math , as it will doom them to slow , painful understanding of what should be a very enjoyable subject and will leave them unprepared to deal with higher math concepts . Saxon 's misguided and experimental method of teaching math concepts is a spell of doom to any student who wants to then move on to an understanding of the principles and properties of math , or to apply them in science or engineering . Arithmetic has been around since the Arabians , and many brilliant people have figured out over thousands of years the easiest and most effective way to teach the subject . Saxon 's new ideas are not an improvement in the least and in fact make math confusing , boring , and tedious.If cost is an issue , I would recommend that homeschooling parents instead check out McGraw-Hill 's excellent interactive textbook subscription service for inexpensive access to an exciting and interactive presentation of well-proven methods for teaching math concepts .
 I read this book in law school . The author rejects the whipping post , and instead , recommends administering electric shock to criminals as punishment for crime . What good is that ? Shocking someone months after the bad act is committed is not going to create any bad associations or cure any misbehavior .
 `` Pleasure is the absence of pain '' was how one philosopher phrased it , I do n't remember who it was , as I was looking out the window at a jaybird when my boy , who has a PHD , was talking it up . Now , I do n't know how much shocking or flogging or punching jailbirds will stop them doing their plainfaced bad deeds , but it sure will make a lot US out here feel GOOD . WE did n't get put in prison . Tailgating and backstabbing and firing people because you do n't like them and all the mean stuff we enjoy doing out here ai n't illegal , and we ai n't got CAUGHT at the stuff that IS . YET . Put this corporate punishment on TV , where we can all watch it . Who knows if that fellow DID the stuff they say he did , or whether YOU did it and did n't get CAUGHT , but you can GUARANTEE that you 'll FEEL GOOD because it 's happening to SOMEONE ELSE.That is my two cents.Review by O. J. Haney .
 ` Straw Men ' is a disappointingly simple book . Mr. Smith guides the reader along a predictable and sometimes aggravatingly obvious path throughout the story . The clues in this mystery novel leave nothing for the reader to deduce on their own.There is no reason you 'll need your brain for this read . Everything will be throughly explained to you and that is what is so sad about it . You are treated like a obtuse three year-old . If do n't think it 's suspicious when a beat cop has a $ 50k Mercedes SUV as a second vehicle , this book might be a good challenge for you . Otherwise stick to James Patterson or James Lee Burke.I give this book two stars for the sole fact that it takes place in Pittsburgh .
 Did n't quite understand the hype on this book as I found it dull , not to mention the amateur writing style was difficult to read.Disappointed .
 This is a turgid tome written in the most indulgent style by the author . Marguerite Steinheil was a fascinating woman with the most extraordinary life as a courtesan in the Belle Epoche who was involved in the death of the President of France and her own mother and husband . Read about it elsewhere .
 title says it all 30 average stories out 300 hndred odd and none of the best ones which are available online for nothing . book was a waste of money
 I HAVE A COPY OF THIS BOOK . IT IS FULL OF INTERESTING INFORMATION ABOUT CANCER BUT REALLY HARD TO FOLLOW IN SOME WAYS . CERTAINLY NOT WORTH A LOT OF MONEY FOR A SOFT COVER BOOK WITH LAST THAN 250 PAGES . A LOT OF THE INFORMATION IN THIS BOOK CAN BE FOUND ONLINE . WHAT A BIG SAVINGS THAT IS !
 If you need an illustrated history of the Sherman Tank , and have absolutely no other resources at hand , this book is possibly better than nothing . However , it is full of generalizations and some outright errors , and the whole thing seems to have been thrown together rather quickly . A far better choice would be any of Steven J. Zaloga 's books published by Osprey and Concord or either Squadron-Signal publication -LRB- `` Sherman in Action '' or `` Sherman Walkaround '' -RRB- . Best of all is Richard Hunnicutt 's enormous work `` Sherman
 Stross writes brilliantly executed and gripping stories . Deep , thoughtful , complex , well visioned.This was bland , and as the first of at least five novels -LRB- the fifth does n't resolve the story , it just leaves us with Bush and Cheney nuking the United States ... -RRB- it seems almost a fan fic by someone borrowing Stross 's name.The premise is well described elsewhere . A family discovers that a celtic knot pattern causes them to shift between worlds . An assassination attempt kills one member and strands a baby child in our world , where she is rediscovered after she is a well developed adult , letting the author have the protagonist give us a modern person meets a dark ages culture and society that impinges on our world story.That goes slowly , pretty much nowhere , without much imagination.I 'm perplexed more than anything else , I 'd give this book two and a half stars . But if you want to know what is wrong with the book , it is a failure of imagination , a failure of characterization and a failure of to break out of being bland . If I had not read this book I would never have suspected Stross of being able to write a book -LRB- or a series of books -RRB- like this.Not terribly bad , just not good .
 unbelievable protagonist . silly situation . ridiculous decisions . just not good . I rarely put a book away before finishing it , even bad ones but I could n't make it to halfway .
 Let me start by saying I love Charles Stross . His Laundry Files series is snarky and well-written , funny and with good and complex characters.That 's why this book was such a disappointment . If this exact book had been written by someone with less potential , I 'd probably have enjoyed it more -- but I bought it being familiar with Stross ' track record on his later novels , and was expecting more than I got.The book 's biggest flaw , besides an incomprehensible political situation with warring clans of merchants , is that so much of the story comes from exposition . Rather than having his characters really experience the world , and the story being shown rather than told , the characters spout huge blocks of expository dialogue , so they end up telling you more than showing you.I 'd say stay away from this one . It 's not horrible , but it 's not interesting enough to try and slog through the dialogue and the politics to try to find the nuggets of good story .
 I have been pretty avidly reading and occasionally reviewing science fiction for over fifty years , and I am always on the lookout for a new series . Thus , I was delighted when I discovered Stross ' `` Merchant Princes '' series two weeks ago , and I have spent quite a few late nights reading through the six volumes that comprise this series.I like alternative history series , too , so I have , in general , very much enjoyed reading about these worlds in their dizzying and complex collision . However , this joy has not been unalloyed , and as I progressed through these novels , I was ultimately put off by Stross ' increasing injection of his own politics into the center of these books in which he made a Republican administration , the Bush administration in very thin disguise , by far the most blameworthy , the worst villains of all in Stross ' dark tale of conflict , betrayal and revenge ; a treasonous , scheming , murderous , genocidal crew , far greater in treachery and villainy than any of the other murderous villains portrayed , a choice Stross apparently made just to score cheap political points.As I looked back over the span of the six novel series , this ruined the series for me and , as much as I liked many elements of this series , Stross 's political cheap shots `` poisoned the well . ''
 One of the enjoyments I have of reading fantasy is that you often get a view that is different from yours . That certainly happens here in an unattractive manner . What I do n't accept is zealots -- left or right . This author is extreme in that . Put him on one side of the teeter-totter and the worst Neocon on the other and they will balance it perfectly.He does n't even bother to hide some names . It is a biased portrait of the worst of Dubya 's gang . Lord know , there is little need for such exaggeration . It carries it to the point that you want to see Stross water-boarded . The writing starts out well . The premise is interesting . Then , like so many overreaching series , it falls apart . The writing deteriorated . Unfortunate when one 's emotion trumps all . Zealotry results . Sad ! Very sad .
 I thought I 'd try this out because I enjoy Zelanzy 's Amber series , and people have compared this effort to it.Unfortunately , I could only read about the first 50 pages , and I certainly was n't drawn into it . Even on a long airline flight with nothing better to do , I could n't pick it back up.The main character is petty and navel gazing . I realize you can start a main character one way and let them develop over time , but I think I was supposed to like her ... anyway , I could n't stand to hear one more observation through her perceptions . Back to the library it goes .
 First - I love world-hopping alternate universe fiction . My almost worn-out from rereading copy of Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen offered as evidence . Second - I 'll admit I skipped ahead and read the synopses of all the books in this series . Time is precious and I do n't have much to spend on less than satisfactory fiction . Third - I 'm both a member of the US military and a fairly strict Constitutional Constructionist but I do n't disregard `` left '' leaning opinion/fiction out of hand . Especially if it 's thoughtfully and entertainingly written . But , I knew this entire series was problematic the moment one of the Clan 's security super-soldier black ops guys clicked off the safety on Miriam 's snub-nosed 38 revolver . Mr. Stross evidently ca n't even be bothered to use easily accessible web resources to discover that selectable safety equipped revolvers are extremely few and far between . The likelihood that Miriam 's stepfather would 've owned one is pretty low to impossible . When I see a silly error like that it typically points to the entire book/series having a lack of consistency and focus . I finished The Family Trade and did n't bother with the rest .
 I ca n't recommend this book and regret buying it.I 'll keep this review short . The poor writing style and horrible dialog spoil the story . It reads like a teen book . Have you ever read a book that you start correcting in your head while you 're reading ? If that 's your thing , then this is the book for you .
 I 'd have to agree with an earlier review of this book in that `` The Family Trade '' is a vehicle for future books in the series . By itself , there 's not a whole lot of substance although it has some interesting ideas . I regret buying the hardback version of this book .
 Start with a good premise.Then fill it with so many holes that you can drive Mack trucks through it ... I found that reading this story only had me thinking that for a heroine who was so smart so often , and able to predict life threatening situations with such great ability , she was certainly unable to see how many ways she could have been eliminated so as to make this story a non-starter . Oh , there it is , it dawns on me that if the other characters could see how easily I do that our protagonist could be snuffed out , then the book would have ended . And that is what should have happened . This book should have died in the slush pile .
 i was one of the many people who bought the book in the children 's section for a underage child . it 's a darn good thing i read it first so i could toss it out . the cuss words are many and not for reading books of children . writter 's do not need to put cuss words in a book to sell them for i tossed mine in the garbage . not even whiting out the words would save it . disgusted , a good story had to be ruined .
 Good idea , but stereotypical characters , and way too much repitition of themes in the following books . There are much better series to start reading . Throughout the book I was intrigued but nothing lives up to its potential .
 -LRB- Book # 1 is a 5/5 , but I am rating this as a series and books 5 and 6 are 2/5 , at best and spoil the whole lot , in my opinion -RRB- This series started out so very , very , well . A fresh spin on something not done as cleverly since Zelazny 's Amber . Add family intrigue , spies , cool guns , economics , alt.history and whip in a dash of female empowerment . Nah , lots of kick-behind female empowerment . Geeks in medieval time . Joy!But , even in the beginning there were worrying signs . The so-conveniently interestingly-employed ex-boyfriend . The somewhat lengthy economics `` expositions '' . Still the overall cleverness of the core idea , along with a pretty good plot and an endearing heroine , made this book into a firecracker ... Book 2-4 coasted along , starting out well , but getting progressively slower . New plotlines , quite a few deaths , new threads ... A clear story arc ? No , not really . More and more family members of interest that could be worked into the plot , along with new bad guys . And a dash of whom is gon na romance whom . Close each book with a cliffhanger.You know the formula . It 's commonly used in TV . Keep the series alive and milk it . Dare I say it ? Soap opera-ish . Ah , yes ... lots more `` economic expositions '' . Not much new in ideas , the first book claimed most of them . -LRB- not really a spoiler , but more specific than anything before -RRB- ... Books 5-6 however jump the shark . I do n't like to mix my politics and SF much . I really do n't need lectures about how evil such and such recently retired American politician is supposed to have been . And I really do n't need it this criticism delivered in such an over the top manner . Yes , even if I abhor said politician myself . Major editorial lapse , in my opinion.Mr . Stross , if you got ta mix politics with your writing , at least be good at it . Have that much respect for your paying customers . Tedious , un-funny , un-clever , unbelievable political diatribes are annoying to most readers , regardless of whom they are aimed at . Read up the Stalin POV chapter in a One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to see an example of amusing character assassination . Surely this politician could have been made fun of more elegantly?Not only that , but the series is well set up to continue as book 6 ends with little closure and lots of unresolved threads .
 The author tells a good story but really needs to work harder . Even the main characters lack definition , and their personalities drift something awful . Some conversations make no sense except from the author 's perspective - he alone knows what 's going on . Alas , it is a good story , but the price in reader suffering is very high .
 I ca n't believe anyone would rate this well . It is not a story , it is a portion of a story . 300 loosely packed pages later , Mr. Stross stops the story so that he can sell the next volume for another $ 7 -LRB- or $ 17 hardcover -RRB- . It is a sad state of affairs that he can so rest on his laurels as to put this lackluster effort forward.Wait for the combined volume a few years from now , maybe then it will be a worthwhile read .
 Charles Stross is an extremely talented writer of both fantasy and SF writer - easily a peer of Lois Bujold or Greg Bear - but I very much wish I had n't started this series . There is much to recommend it - good worldbuilding , interesting characters , twisty plotting , lots of action - but the ending is a horror.SPOILER
 I 've bought and read all of the books in this series . The story line is pretty good , but the author loves cliffhanger endings . I wo n't be buying any more in this series .
 I finished this series of six books and I can see Stross ' publisher wringing hands like Scrooge . I started this series because Stross can write interesting and involved SF . His book HALTING STATE is right up there and I enjoyed that style of writing as well as the plot.I gave this book a single star because it 's the good and bad reviews I read and the middle ratings are just middling . This particular book deserves a three - or four-star rating , but the series stinks . Read the reviews for Book 6 -LRB- Trade of Queens -RRB- to see how disappointed his readers are . Save yourself time and frustration by reading something else.Charles Stross ' problems include an inability to maintain the environment of his story . He is nowhere near J K Rowling in creating and moving characters through a consistent , detailed world across books . He seems too lazy to maintain rules , landscapes , or characters . Maybe he lacks the ability to write a series . Some of his other books , like GLASSHOUSE , suffer the same lost-plot problems.Stross is also a poor story teller . As a reader , I expect each book to have a proper beginning , middle , and end , but not Stross . His remaining five books start at page 1 and end at page 300 without rhyme or reason or plot . This includes , unfortunately , the last one . It never ends the story at all . There 's a danger he 'll carry on annoying his readers through yet another series.More annoying are the subplots he sets up and then ignores . For example , a character smuggles an ultra light across the worlds and then Stross ca n't figure out the technical details of how to use it in the plot . The ultra light takes off to deliver a package , the enemy is alerted to watch the skies and ... he writes around that detail conflict and puts it in the past . So much for that problem!Stross ca n't deal with his own subplots . By Book 2 we are alerted to a traitor in our midst . The importance of this waxes and wanes to resolve issues he ca n't deal with otherwise . In Book 5 he plants motives and clues that all point to Olga but , darn it ! , he likes Olga and so do we so-o-o he never mentions the traitor again.Stross kills off inconvenient characters without advancing the plot . He invents a ` West Coast ' operation which never appears again despite its potential as a plot twist . In an early book , the family provide drug transport ; in a later book they are growing the stuff -- but he ignores processing it for the market . It 's all confusing and frustrating.By Book 6 , he is bringing in characters both old and new , using them to extend the book length in pages without doing anything for the plot lines . Our ultra light smuggler is among them , accounting for perhaps five going-nowhere pages . He walks on , there is a lot of backfill , there is a small advance toward a future use in the plot , and poof ! he disappears forever . Miriam 's love interest bops in and out of the books like a plastic groundhog in a game of Whack ! Miriam herself goes into plot potential rigor mortis by Book 5 and never gets over it.If you start this series , stop after this first book . You 'll be tempted to try the next book because the plot line at the end of this first book is pretty good , the economics , drug war , and other plot lines are holding together in an interesting way , and the principle character is more willow-wood than dead-wood . Miriam adapts . Stand up to this temptation to read the series . Nothing good follows this book . The ` arc ' of this series is straight down the tubes.In summary , Stross is a good starter , a poor middler , and a lousy finisher . Do n't get started . This series is a waste of his imagination and your time to read 2,000 pages .
 I found this book to be totally useless . I just tells you how to go to a dive shop and get certified . There is almost no useful instruction in the whole book . Just go get certified and you can skip the book . I expected info on using the dive tables or other specific info , however , I found it completely lacking anything you do n't get in a basic open water class . I guess if you want to be told the kind of things you will learn in a dive class go ahead . This book does not compare with the other books in the `` Dummies '' Series . Do n't waste your money .
 I am still weaiting for the book to arrive . It has been almost a month . Maybe it will arrive some day .
 Seriously ... who in their right mind would spend money and buy this book ? You should be certified by a major agency like PADI or NAUI before diving i.e. you get their manuals as part of their training which tells you most of the things you need to know . The rest comes from practise and more advanced training . I think the Dummies series needs to stop wasting paper by printing these useless books and focus on topics where they are actually needed .
 This book is a very poor textbook probably because it was not even written by an Instructor . They should have at least chosen an author who was certified as an Instructor . The information given is bare minimum and does not cover all topics you really need to know . There are much better entry level books available here .
 This book is oversimplified and leaves out important details dive students need to know in order to fully enjoy scuba diving while maximizing safety . This is just a hype book to sell the training agency who sponsored it and their poorly structured courses . Many superior books on this site . Save your money on this one .
 I found this book to be totally useless . I just tells you how to go to a dive shop and get certified . There is almost no useful instruction in the whole book . Just go get certified and you can skip the book . I expected info on using the dive tables or other specific info , however , I found it completely lacking anything you do n't get in a basic open water class . I guess if you want to be told the kind of things you will learn in a dive class go ahead . This book does not compare with the other books in the `` Dummies '' Series . Do n't waste your money .
 So I guess I was a little gullible for placing any stock in the whole `` most frightening novel ever '' stuff that is plastered all over the cover of this book . Like another review noted , there is the `` germ '' of a good , and frightening , book here . But is never really develops.It is also a little difficult to look past Simmions ' disparaging description of the citizens and culture of India . Before beginning the book , I was aware that `` Calcutta as a nexus of evil '' was to be one of the major premises of the story . Still , I expected the author to approach that notion with more sophistication than simply portraying India and Indians as uncivilized and inferior.I purchased this book because I enjoyed one of Simmons ' other works , Hyperion . Song of Kali was no where near as good . It was easy to read . The plot developed at a suitable pace . It simply did n't amount to much .
 The writing is tight and the plot is compelling , but I wondered throughout why Simmons seemed so obsessed with the idea of Calcutta 's intrinsic evil.Yes , Calcutta is named for the goddess Kali . Yes , followers of that particular goddess have done some pretty nasty things . But , you could learn all that from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom , which is much gorier and at least has a satisfying ending , but is even more plagued by racist sensationalism.I read above that Simmons spent only a few days in Calcutta before writing this book . I wonder what happened to him there?Anyway , if you want something to do for a few hours and do n't mind a little xenophobia , then this is the book for you . Otherwise do n't bother . Stephen King -LRB- who Simmons ' narrator describes as `` trashy '' -RRB- writes a much better horror story , Lovecraft does the scary ancient cult thing a lot more effectively , and I have no idea why this novel was even considered for the World Fantasy Award , let alone why it won ?! That said , I could n't put it down , but I was so disappointed by the ending -LRB- or rather lack thereof -RRB- that I sat down and wrote this.btw
 I have been reading Dan Simmons off and on for about ten years . While I enjoyed him most of the time , I have always felt that his endings were a bit weak . Since I read his book , The Terror , I have been a bit more of a fan , and had decided to pick up all of his books as I could find them.I found The Song of Kali at a local library sale and really looked forward to reading it as I feel his horror novels seem to be a touch better . I was somewhat disappointed.There is a long section where the poet the main character has been searching for sits with him and tells him a very long story about what has happened to him . This section is almost 70 pages or approaching a full third of my copy . It is just too long for what it gives us as readers . There are a lot of long descriptions of life in Calcutta that ring true and are fascinating , but as another reviewer mentions , they just do n't fit into the main events of the story . Granted the setting of a horror novel is a good portion of the novel , but imagine reading a lot of description of a haunted house in a more traditional horror story . In that case , it better be relevant . Because I am not familiar with Calcutta , I am willing to give a bit more lee-way here , but I 'm not just going to surrender to the writer either.I do n't want to put any spoilers in this review , but the main horror of the novel is just too much . Personally I think that Simmons knew this , and backed away from it , consciously or sub-consciously . He either needed to accept it was shocking and go for it , or find something less horrifying.There were quite a few very good portions in the book , so if it sounds like I am slamming the book as a whole , I am not . It was worth reading , but mainly for a Dan Simmons fan , not the general reader who is trying to find out what he is about . That reader will more than likely decide Simmons is n't worth reading.I feel that sometimes an author is published before he is ready , simply because a publisher can see that he has promise . Unfortunately in these days of instant best-sellers , that philosophy is gone.Personally , I felt that his second book , Phases of Gravity was a substantially better book . It also begins in India , and I feel the section -LRB- about 50 pages -RRB- gives you a feel for modern India with a lot less words . If you are willing to read a character driven book , check that one out . -LRB- I have also reviewed that book . -RRB-
 I was blown away by Dan Simmons ' Hyperion series -LRB- and I 'm not a sci-fi fan -RRB- , so I was eagerly anticipating this book after reading all the rapturous reviews . I did n't find it scary , just gross - and , overall , terribly sad . It paints a horrible picture of Calcutta , with filth , vermin , death and disease everywhere.It probably says more about me that I have no problem whatsoever believing in vampires , ESP , monsters , ancient gods come to life , etc. , but I just ca n't see why anyone would bring their infant to such a nasty place ! ; -RRB-
 After all the raves for Simmons ' supposedly finely crafted prose , I expected something quite poetic -- ala Rushdie . But Simmons ' style is a lot closer to Elmore Leonard than I expected . More pulp than poetry . Frankly , I found his writing pedestrian . If you consider the unimaginative M. Night Shyamalan to be an engaging director of horror films , Simmons might bring the night terror you 're looking for .
 The book is full of little actions and descriptions which do n't have much meaning in the story . Looks like they are here for filling the pages.The text would have needed radical cuttings . At one point I even wondered if Simmons had written it himself ; but actually it was his first novel.Slow and pointless .
 After reading the Hyperion and Iluim novels , I approached Kali with high expectations and was frankly disappointed . Maybe I 'm jaded by images of human sacrifice , but reading Kali was like reading the novelization of `` Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom , '' minus the comedy .
 Working off the sensation fiction tradition exoticized by the likes of Rudyard Kipling -LRB- a much greater writer than Dan Simmons -RRB- , Dan Simmons ' novel Song of Kali follows a married couple - the Luczaks - and their infant to Calcutta where they experience a modern version of such tales . The object of the trip is to obtain a new manuscript of an Indian poet named M. Das . The complication is that the poet has long been considered dead - for eight years no less!The couple arrives in Calcutta and immediately shudders at the horror of it . Their horror does n't stop at the poverty which surrounds them . Soon they shudder with horror at every Indian they meet . They are introduced to the local Calcutta Writers Union President , Mr. Chatterjee , and Mr. Luczak takes an immediate dislike to him . The Calcutta Writers Union happens to be in possession of the new Das manuscript . They however refuse to allow Mr. Luczak to meet with the author . Naturally Mr. Laczak would wish to do so in order to authenticate the poem.Frustrated Mr. Luczak , goes back to his hotel , but later that evening , Mr. Luczak is treated to a story about how the poet M. Das has been resurrected by members of the local Kali cult . As the story progresses , the nature of this cult becomes more apparent . This cult is one part Indian , one part Vodoo , and one part followers of Nietzsche . Mr. Simmons concocts this cult by stringing together these different philosophies and appears satisfied with this Frankenstein creation . Unfortunately , much of the horror dissipates because of this creation ; it lacks any coherency and consequently plausibility , and will lead any thinking individual to spend more time scratching their head . Furthermore , the cult , which Mr. Simmons uses as a sit in for Indian culture , does n't seem very Indian at all in the end except in imagery.After the revelation of the M. Das resurrection twist , which probably should have been saved for later in the narrative -LRB- also the only good part of the story -RRB- , the story treats us to more lengthy images of poverty of Calcutta in case you have missed the point . This is then followed by a conversation where Mr. Simmons establishes that Indian culture is different in kind and not degree from western culture -LRB- the ` East is East and West is West ' sentiment of Kipling -RRB- , thus establishing that poverty and suffering has more to do with what one believes than circumstance . Then we get more filler scenes of Indian poverty . And then there are other filler scenes where all that happens in the chapter is that Mr. Luczak walks to M. Das ' secret temporary house -LRB- in which we are treated to more depictions of poverty -RRB- . And thus the feeling of horror ceases after the M. Das resurrection twist is revealed as it is followed by long boring descriptive passages . -LRB- In my opinion , all of these long passages ought to have been cut out . Having established the idea that where there is poverty there is great Evil , Mr. Simmons is less accomplished in maintaining it -LRB- the books prose deteriorates as it goes on -RRB- . But then if he had cut it out , he would be removing eighty percent of the book ! -RRB- All of this then leads to a completely nonsensical ending that gives the book its sensational ending -LRB- this is sensation fiction after all -RRB- , but if the reader really thinks about why any criminal group would use the Luczaks for their purposes when they could use someone with a lower profile than affluent westerners , the reader will immediately see that the ending is unlikely -LRB- in fact , it feels unearned -RRB- . Then the book just sort of shuts down and the last 75 pages are so excruciating , that I had to fight an urge to quit . All of the mysteries remain mysteries - which is o.k. by me . After all , I had long since ceased to care.All together , I think the book would have been good if it were better developed . I mean if you are going to claim that strange cultures cause evil in the world , why not really dig into it . Why invent a Kali cult . Kali is widely worshipped in Bengal , where the story takes place . Do some research -LRB- by the way the Kali in Kali yuga and Kali mata -LRB- the goddess -RRB- are two different words ; also no Indian woman buys saris by the bolt , so a bolt of cloth would n't be delivered - more like a bag or if she went nuts in the store a parcel -RRB- . Look at how they worship her and then draw the connection between culture and poverty -LRB- that is if you can -RRB- . In the end , the novel left me mostly with the impression that it was just a short story stretched with filler images - which is another way to say that the book suffers from poor plotting and development.Note
 The book is extremely predictable and the story is just one clich&eacute; after another . One extra star for good depiction of the city .
 I have never encountered a paperback book of any kind , fiction or non-fiction , that had as many punctuation and spelling errors as this one . It actually became distracting at times . That being said , the story is a decently written novel about India and how it is the worst place in the entire world . I 'm looking forward to exploring more about India , partly to figure out what the hell Dan Simmons ' problem was with the place . From the one page `` prologue '' , it is clear that Simmons is virulently hateful of India.I was told it was one of the scariest novels ever written . While it has managed to haunt my thoughts , I believe that is a result more out of wonder if India is really as evil as it is in the novel .
 This book started out a little depressing and went completely downhill . Likely I was not in the mood to read about the tragedies which occur in this novel but I did not enjoy this read .
 I kid you not , the * entire premise * of this book is how inscrutable and exotic and creepy Indian people are ... what with their bad hygiene , and the weird food they eat , and their yucky poverty , and their bizarro religion with all those freaky goddesses , and oh yeah , human sacrifice ... besides , Calcutta is an EVIL city , do you understand ?!?! EEEEEEVIL ! EEEEEEVIL !!! Characters in this book repeat different variations on that sentence approximately seven thousand times . Maybe if I could buy into that premise - that Calcutta , a city of more than 10 million people , is just EEEEEEEVIL , poisoned by a loathesome and murderous vileness utterly incomprehensible to the rational Western mind - then this book might have scared me . But I do n't buy that , because it 's stupid xenophobic garbage , and so this book just got on my nerves . I 'm sorry you did n't like your vacation in Calcutta , Mr. Simmons . Cripes . Now give it a rest .
 I was quite satisfied with `` Summer of night '' -LRB- while the ending was n't that great , the writing was excellent , suspense never faded -RRB- so I had some high expectations of his work ` Song of Kali ' . What a disappointment this book is . All characters are cardboard-like -LRB- one would think Simmons would have at least some character development , maybe not an a l&aacute; King , but 300 + pages obviously did n't allow him to do that ? I felt there is more character development in any of the S. King 's short stories @ 15-20 pages -RRB- and the dialogue is painfully boring and stiff.The plot is `` ok '' , only at a first glance , but the way he tries to get deeper into it -LRB- or the lack of it ! -RRB- leaves much to be desired . I felt like Mr Simmons had a great idea but got tired of it along the way , and sent the first draft to the editor and later the publisher company .
 What a go-nowhere do-nothing story of a writer/poet who goes Calcutta , India for Harper 's to get a copy of a manuscript andinterview a famous Indian poet , M. Das , who supposedly died 8 years earlier but who is now purported to be alive andwriting again . Three quarters of the time spent in the book is playing cat and mouse obtaining the manuscript and then withsetting up the interview with M. Das.Well it turns out old M. Das had leprosy and committed suicide . BUT he was brought back to life by Kali the Hindu goddessof power , death , destruction , construction , darkness , you name it , and used by her to write and spread the word of Kali worldwide -LRB- the manuscript must get published ! -RRB- . Anyway our poet after his interview with M. Das returns to M. Das to drop off acouple of requested books . In the bag along with the books is a gun so M. Das can end his miserable life , which he does BUThe does n't have the good grace to do so later after our poet is safely away . SO the Kali disciples kidnap and kill our poets 7month old daughter , whom I ca n't for the life of me figure why he has brought to the dirty filthy sickness infested dangerousIndia to begin with . He chose to bring is Indian wife as an interpreter -LRB- irresponsible -RRB- and then never used her . The death of hischild enrages him so that he sorta comes under the song of Kali seeking revenge . But he triumphs and goes home . End of aboring pointless story . No horror here -LRB- chapter 3 yes , the rest no -RRB- The only book I 've enjoyed of DSs was Children of the Night . I Have read Song of Kali , Hyperion , Hard Freeze , CrookFactory , Hardcase and now Summer of Night , Carrion Comfort .
 I picked up Song of Kali because it was tauted as being a horror novel . It clearly was not . It was a novel about a city with a very seedy and violent nature , but it was not a horror novel . I personally feel robbed that it was advertised as such and obviously was n't . If you want to read a novel about Calcutta and the underbelly of its society , then by all means read this novel . But , do n't expect too much . What little plot there was could be seen coming from miles away . My advice would be to buy a used copy or get it from the library .
 I had high expectations about this book , somehow driven by the good reviews.But it did n't took long before I began turning pages thinking `` maybe it 's now this is gon na warm up '' , just to find out it did n't . And it never did.Except for some curiosities about the indian way of life/culture and the description of Calcuta , the story does n't have more to hook the reader . I felt disapointed at the end and felt this is a book I would n't spend money on if I could turn back time . Consider yourself advised .
 The strength of this book is its stunning power of setting
 After havining seen the cover blurbs . I spent about two thirds of this book wondering what the hell I was missing . The overlong setup failed to get me invested in the main character , a self-involved poet , who comes across as rather petulant , dull and disengaged . We spend a short eternity with Luczack 's literary mentor , a boring cliche of a cigar-chomping New Yorker with a heart of gold . Luczack 's one saving grace is his capable , intellectually curious wife , whom he mostly talks down to and/or places in peril . -LRB- There 's a ridiculous bit late in the book where he makes a big display of `` I 'm not leaving you again , kiddo '' , only to wander off again as soon as she falls asleep . -RRB- I would have been grateful for Luczack to get killed off early and the focus shifted to the wife.In addition , while the horrified-travelogue aspect of the book is effective , we never go any deeper than Luczack 's ugly-American revulsion at a society he does n't understand . Simmons seems content to paint most residents of Calcutta as potential gangsters or murderous fanatics , and leave it at that . The story only gets interesting -LRB- far too late in the book -RRB- when the Luczack character mercifully shuts up long enough to let some of the Indians tell their own stories . The storyline involving the Kali cult is genuinely , darkly fascinating and I wish Simmons had done more than scratch the surface of it.The emotional climax could have been wrenching if only I 'd been invested in the main character , and unfortunately the novel peters out with him descending into a world of self-pity for several chapters . Some really interesting horror material here , sandwiched into an otherwise boring novel .
 The book so so very predictable . As soon as Bobby takes his wife and baby to the arm pit of the world you knew that there was serious trouble . The flimsy excuse of using his wife as an interpreter was weak at best . Why would his intelligent wife let a stranger into her hotel room becuase she sais that she is a relative of the poet that Bobby is looking for much less let this woman handle her baby . If Booby , and I do mean Booby , had done his research on Das then he would have known that Das had no female relatives and , realistically , that is what would have happened . I think Simmons likes to put children in the way of great danger just to shock his readers . While Booby wanders around this dangerous trash heap of a city leaving his wife and child to the tender mercies of a demented town , I was just waiting to see what happens to the kid becuase that is what the story was driving to . Yea , sure the song of Kali was about the ultimate spread of violence committed on all humankind , but the climax was so predictable and finally not satifying , just plain sad . Simmons , I do n't reccommend him . The action of the main people in the story just do n't make sense and the children seem to suffer the most loss .
 I had heard good things about this book , and was happy when I finally got my hands on it . I had no idea what the plot was about , so I just dove right into it , having no idea what to expect.It is deeply embarassing to me that this book is so highly regarded as `` terrifying . '' It is almost unbelievably racist and xenophobic . For the majority of the book , the sheer xenophobia is the only `` terrifying '' factor . I am not exaggerating . The main character is appalled by the conditions of the city , the people , and the culture.We get treated to such terrifying descriptions as `` masses of brown-skinned people '' , and people with `` oily black hair '' . People with deformities , people sleeping in hovels , or in the streets , beggers - these are the `` terrifying '' things about this book.I just finished reading a different book that described the exact same circumstances ... it was a true-life account of a doctor who created a hospital to help people in an impoverished country . Mountains Beyond Mountains , by Tracy Kidder . I recommend it to anyone who reads this book and finds it terrifying . Maybe it 'll cure you of your xenophobia , make you a little more accepting of different cultures and feel empathy - not terror - for people who make less money in a year than you have in your pocket . Maybe I should send it to Dan Simmons ... he might need it the most .
 SONG OF KALI is a combination of non-sensical plot choices -LRB- ex . the protagonist decides to bring his infant daughter from the US to India on a short business trip ; the `` rationale '' given for this is so pathetically feeble , the author might just as well SAY `` so the baby can be placed in danger for plot purposes '' -RRB- , repellant characters -LRB- particularly the protagonist , who 's foolish , mean-spirited , rude , self-absorbed , racist ... 300 pages spent with this jerk felt like a long , LONG time -RRB- , fantasy/horror elements that do n't manage to get off the ground , and storytelling that 's heavy-handed and simple-minded . The whole novel comes across as if the author hated Calcutta so much during his brief visit to the city that he felt compelled to glorify his `` ick ! ick ! ICK ! '' reaction by turning that reaction into a one-dimensional novel .
 To all those people saying how incredibly frightening this book is
 First let me make it clear
 Wow ... worst book ever written . It 's depiction of one of India 's holiest cities and it 's inhabitants is deluded at best , and diabolically racist at it 's worst . Not to mention how many Hindus -LRB- myself included -RRB- his depiction of our beloved Goddess , Kali Ma ... Hindus definitely do n't sacrifice people to Kali ... most Hindus are at the very least semi-vegetarians . Disgusting anti-religious sentiment and racist hatred is what summarizes this book best.Jai Sri Kali Mata !
 Where can I begin to descibe how awful this book was ? How about that they murder the main characters baby in Calcutta to smuggle jewels in it Or that the author goes into an agonizing long description of stealing a bloated foul smelling corpse that was a drowning death . Or The long drawn out tale about a Hindu Goddess named Kali who wants human blood as an offering . Yuck !! That is the best way to descibe this book .
 I have never read A dan simmons book before , I 'm never going to read another book by him . The fact that this won the World Fantasy Award is more disturbing to me than the novel itself . I found the novel really xenophobic and meanly racist . Never going to read any of this racist author again .
 The only good -LRB- and lucid -RRB- portions of this plotless , characterless , poorly written novel are the portions the author plagiarized from A.M. Maugham 's Harry of Monmouth , John Cowper Powys 's Owen Glendower , and H.F. Hutchinson 's Henry the Fifth . The rest of it , the author 's creation , is so bad it 's almost funny
 I still can not get it ... and I do n't need it anymore , but I still have to pay money ... . What 's goin on my book ????????
 Bess Aldrich 's `` Lantern in Her Hand '' is about 75 years old now . It tells the story of one woman named Abby Deal , and her life from a young girl to an elderly grandmother . It seems stuck in its time , as Abby acts like an `` old fashioned '' woman , but I suppose I ca n't expect differently . The story moves slowly , and it tells of how Nebraska became settled . Typical grandmother-granddaughter subplot where they leave in two different worlds , and typical subplot about another granddaughter who is just like Abby .
 This book had been recommended to me , and it seemed like it would be good when I read the introduction , but after three times of starting and trying to finish this book , I decided it just was n't worth it . It may have some events that are significant and add to the story with the sense that should go along with them , but somehow , this book bored me and seemed very flat and detached from any real feeling . When I was reading it , I could n't feel the story and could not relate to Abbie , maybe because few of her feelings were aptly expressed in the story . The only thing I could really feel was the inevitable rushing of time and Abbie 's fear of death , who snatches people away . It may be a good book to other people , especially those who can stand to finish it , but it just did n't keep my attention , and I can usually tolerate some slowness in a book .
 This is the story of a young girl who dreamed big dreams and had great hopes of her life . Instead of her life fulfilling her dreams , however , she spent her days baking bread , piecing quilts , and taking care of children . Her children eventually accomplished the great things Abbie had hoped to do , but they seemed to care little for the life Abbie herself had led . It was a disappointing book for me , but it aptly brought to life the hopes and dreams of a young girl , and how real life prevents her from living her dreams . It did inspire me to analyze my dreams , to see if they are realistic , and to consider whether God might have other plans . Good dreams may need to be exchanged for what is best for us .
 This book turned out to be a waste of money and time . I was very disappointed . I suffered about 1/3 through , skimmed the rest , then put it in a Goodwill box . The writing is very poor , very boring , and very `` empty . '' There is no substance , no inspiration ... no nothin ' ! I am always searching diligently for good Christian fiction and non-fiction for my children to read . I bought this for my daughter , who is an avid fan of `` Little House '' books , yet has grown past them . This book was recommended by a company that I had trusted ONCE before to recommend sound Christian fiction . But I guess that was just one-time `` luck . '' The first book I read recommended by this company was one of the best Christian fiction stories I have ever read . This book , '' A Lantern in Her Hand , '' -- a complete flop . It read like a boring soap opera . I actually told my husband it was like a cheap romance novel without any romance . And it is not a Christian book , either , by the way , even though it lacks any blatant immorality . I 'm going to stick to Lamplighter books for now ! - C. Anderson
 This book is very boring . Abbie Deal -LRB- the lead character -RRB- is very whinny . The greater part of the story centers around her feelings , which are always how hard her life is , but how wonderful she is . The manner she uses to narrate this story is absolutly nauseating . The best part of this book is the end !!!
 This is the worst book ever , I can not stand it . Whoa , I do n't care if you can use 700 words to describe a sunset , that dose n't make a book good . Unentertaining garbage .
 Heinrich obviously wants us to think of him as the modern Thoreau , but his thoughts are far shallower and less interesting . Furthermore Thoreau saw no need to ostentatiously parade his specialized knowledge before his readers , as Heinrich does . The specifying of 6 different kinds of warbler calls heard on a particular morning does not add to the atmosphere or enjoyment for almost anyone - but it DOES impress you with how much Heinrich knows about bird calls . Much of the book is in the same vein - paragraph after paragraph written not to instruct or entertain , but to impress . There are better choices out there by writers who are more impressed with their surroundings and less impressed with themselves .
 This is a diary written by a biologist familiar with the names of trees , insects , birds , leaf types , etc. . If the reader is also familiar with these terms , the book might be of interest . For me , it was a bunch of terms that I was n't familiar with , and nothing in the writing made me want to look them up.Why was the author in the Maine woods for a year ? The reader is not told until half way through the book . Nothing happens except changes in weather , seasons , and migrations . Even when the author shows enthusiam about something , the reader is not brought in on the excitement , so the overall impression for me was , `` So what ? ''
 Henry 's account of reconstruction is an old one -LRB- originally published in 1938 -RRB- and generally disregarded by historians today . He largely draws his material from conservative Northern and reactionary Southern newspapers , manuscript collections , and diaries . He does n't consult the vast Freedman 's Bureau or Military Department archives and , typical of the old Southern ` Bourbon ' school , he slanders and maligns whatever non-conservative sources he does consult . Eric Foner ` sReconstruction
 I was not at all impressed with this old , uninteresting article . Read it only if you need asoporific .
 This article describes a very small research study that found no particularly surprising or significant results . The authors used a old and idiosyncratic definition of empathy , making the results difficult to generalize . Some subtle racism is evident in the researchers ' approach to the study . This was apparently a quick and dirty study . Poor scholarship throughout .
 Too plodding to recommend , but Dos Passos ' style is interesting . Running words together , along with his aggressive devotion to the sense of smell , make areas of this quite readable . The disjointed story lines are just too muddled overall , in my opinion -LRB- and I am a fan of Dos Passos in general -RRB- . Put simply , I expected too much after enjoying ` Three Soldiers ' and ` USA ' . It just moves ... too ... slow ... zzzzzz
 Arrived in a timely manner , however this is the exact same book as the prior edition . We went through it page by page for comparison.I was expecting new shows , updated synopsis ' , but found none of it , only a different cover . I , for one am very disappointed .
 I read this book and found it , frankly , depresing . If you would like to know , it is about a 15 year old boy who 's mother passed away the year before . Now his father and himself have seemed to drift apart . So much that his father seems like a stranger . At the beginning of the book he reminises of the so-called Old Days when his mother was still alive , and when they went on car trips , and how they would play road games , which I hate to say made me feel ultimitly depressed . Then on about the second chapter , he reaches his grandparents house where he sulks and reminisses some more , while cleaning his grandmother 's small family graveyard . At about 2/4 through the book , he notices a small picture of a man in a basic flannel shirt and blue jeans . After asking a family friend , he realizes it 's a tin-type of the legendary Sin Eater . After this dreary period , he finally makes some local friends who take him to the Sin Eater 's former house where he finds a treasure . Then Christmas time comes , and his father spends all his time upstairs in the attic , looking at old pictures , while he refuses to put up a tree , because of the memories of past Christmas 's when his wife was still alive . I wo n't tell you the rest , in case you would like to read it yourself , but it ends in a somewhat happy ending . I would not recommed this book , but I suppose some people might like it , if your the type of person who enjoys some-what depressing lituature .
 While author pursue very Liberal agenda , he has no talent to describe , or logically lead discussion . In the book he is spewing hate toward his fellow Texan . I think , George W made own share of mistakes , but he did mostly what he believe in , also he had to deal with biggest terrorist act in US history . He had to rebuild CIA , FBI , and all branches of military to fix the harm that was done by Clinton by cutting intelligence and military budgets . Obviously , he had more class than Barak Hussein . He did not blame Clinton for anything that went wrong with his presidency .
 I do n't have any great love for George W. Bush . I bought this book expecting a appraisal of the president with reflection on his service record , and so on.What it turned out to be was about 50 pages explaining the origins of the Texans For Truth , with some background on the subject and references to other recent political events . The next 50 pages or so are transcripts of interviews and press conferences about the service record , then the remaining 50 % of the book is just reproductions of Bush 's service records.There is very little analysis , identification of key points , possible sources of error , anything . The information contained in the book I already knew , and even if I did n't I can think of several magazine sources that carried the information in a much more satisfactory manner and with more true analysis.The only thing that prevents this from being a one star turkey is that it could potentially be used as a source for anyone wanting to build a case for themselves . For anyone else , forget it .
 I `` read '' this excuse for a book , which was already marked down to half price tonight , in about 30 minutes . I am glad , however , that I had a chance to see the documents myself . I am a drilling reservist and Iraqi Freedom veteran . I reviewed the voluminous documents of his military records that make up over half the book . Bush served his then 6 years statutory service obligation . He commissioned in 1968 and resigned his commission in 1974 . I looked at his retirement points . He had the minimum 50 points/year while actively drilling to have the year count toward retirement . In the reserve component , you do n't have to go to drill every month to have a good year . You get 4 points / weekend drill and 15 point for annual training . You even get 15 points/year just for being in the guard/reserve . You can do make up training as well , if you want to , otherwise you can request and receive an excused absence without making up the drill . So you can miss several months/year , have up to 9 unexcused absences , and still be a satisfactory participant . People in the guard/reserve have full-time civilian jobs that at times may conflict with drill , hence the liberal makeup/absence policy . When he went to Harvard in 1973 he went into the inactive reserve but was still subject to involuntary recall until he resigned his commission in 1974 at the end of his service obligation . I read his officer evaluation reports . They were excellent ! His commission was in the Reserve of the Air Force in the Air National Guard . When he served on active duty while federally recognized , he was in the Air Force . He had several DD214s with honorable active duty service and was honorably discharged from the service in 1974 . He flew fighter jets as part of homeland defense during a time when we were also involved in a Cold War with the Soviet Union . He failed to take a physical and was removed from flying status when the Air Force was downsizing from Vietnam and his jet was becoming obsolete . It is curious the memo removing him from flight status shows another pilot from his unit also removed for not taking a physical but the name is redacted . It would be interesting to interview that person to see why they did not take the physical as well . Maybe they were told not to . I just do n't understand how these facts render him `` unfit . '' You ca n't be AWOL unless you are on active duty . He did his duty and served honorably .
 The book consists of 40 pages containing newspapers ' stories about the president 's military records , 53 pages containing White House 's press briefings , and 250 pages of poorly reproduced military records.All the information in the book is old and well known . Although the author concludes that there are strong similarities , in behavior , between the dishonest young man and the current Commander in Chief , he fails to see other facts that contradict his prejudiced opinion , as follows : -LRB- 1 -RRB- George W. Bush did not choose to be born rich to an influential father . Thus , his preferential treatment was not deliberately sought , but offered to him as a pay back for his father 's connections . In addition , the war in Vietnam was of questionable purpose . -LRB- 2 -RRB- In 1968 , when young Bush was preferentially accepted in the National Guard , the entire country was plagued by racist and discriminatory culture . The whites discriminated against blacks , the rich discriminated against the poor , the Baptist discriminated against the Jews and Catholics . Thus , preferential treatment in that era and that young age -LRB- 21-year old -RRB- could not justify the charge of `` unfit commander '' . At least , the young Bush eliminated Saddam and the Talliban , in one term . -LRB- 3 -RRB- From 1968 through 1971 , young Bush proved responsible , as his records show . That proves that he was able to accomplish when he was interested . His declined performance from 1972 and his discharge in 1973 is not an extreme conduct for a young man forced to comply with rigid military obligations.However , the inclusion of the president records in the book renders it a handy reference in studying other aspects of his achievements . For example , his Yale 's major in History and Harvard 's major in business administration shows his mediocre academic preparation , compared to others presidents , who studied Law that requires extensive reading and analytical skills far complicated that those needed in history and business.Although , Bush 's run-ins with the law that included speeding , negligent accidents , and disorderly conduct are not extreme , since they occurred prior to the age of 21 . The author may be correct that the president has still maintained impatience , poor judgment , and sense of entitlement above the norms of those of reasonable men . However , these charges could be refuted by the fact that without invading Iraq there was no mean to prove that the country did not have weapons of mass destruction . In addition , Saddam was a maniac whose address was known , while Bin Laden was elusive.Mohamed F. El-Hewie , Author of `` Essentials of Weightlifting and Strength Training '' .
 Picked up this book and had to ask myself , what truth ? Then I heard its author , Glenn Smith , on the radio today being interviewed . If everyone someone had an agenda it was that man . Do yourself a favor and do n't bother with this bit of political back stabbing , photocopied bit of nothing .
 No doubt written from the same typewritter CBS used for it 's forged memos used in the 60 Minutes show . This is a transparent attempt to steal the amazing popularity of `` Unfit for Command '' a best seller by John O'Niell and Joe Corsi .
 Like all Guard members , then-Lieutenant Bush was required to accrue a minimum of 50 points per year to meet Guard service requirements -LRB- as well as a minimum of 300 points in six years -RRB- . Lt. Bush accumulated 954 points - exceeding the six-year Air National Guard requirement for service - threefold . He also exceeded the minimum 50-point requirement each year.He received an Honorable Discharge in October 1973 -LRB- March 1973 was when the final troops were withdrawn from Vietnam , by the way -RRB- , having served 5 years , 4 months and 5 days . That should be the end of it.Imagine if a thoroughly uninformed writer with an obsessive and irrational hatred for the President , ignoring any potentially positive find he made and penning an entirely slanted book based on issues that do n't even logically fit the National Guard 's procedures and norms , argued that the Honorably Discharged President had in fact somehow shirked his duty . It would be lame . And this book , right down to the cover photo and title , is just that . Lame.This is the politics of personal destruction at its worst . The author ought to be ashamed of himself .
 Sigh ... I saw this at the bookstore and had to open it up . How could people write a book this fast I ask myself ... The answer is , they did n't , they simply photocopied the President 's records . I served in the military active duty , I know what the documentation entails , and it showed nothing haneous at all . Most people who believe this are the same ones who buy into Moore 's fuzzy logic and have never served in the military to understand the mounds of useless paperwork one signs and then throws away to leave room for skivies and skeedunk in your seabag . I got out two years ago and could n't come up with half my records if I tried . If this book is in retribution to the swift boat book , it is like Al-Qa ` idah trying to `` one-up '' us by blowing up toilets with cherry bombs while tormenting us with random acts of Noogies and Atomic Wedgies . pathetic . I 'll give it two stars because I feel bad for em and they 'll probably need it .
 Glenn Smith is a repulsive , swarmy , crappy LITTLE man ! There is not ONE iota of originality , creativity in this trash-piece ! Why would anyone give some slimeball that STEALS the book title , the jacket cover , the entire concept of the book a second thought ... let alone a dime of reward for his deceptive thievery ?!? Appears no one except the desperate of the left wing loonies that do absolutely nothing more than sit on their butts all day throwing mud from any source , hoping some might stick , do ! They certainly never read , let alone purchase a book ... need more proof ? This latest cesspool sets at # 7555 on Amazon 's book list ! ROFLMAO !!! Oh , and I told you so , Amazon ... these liberals you 've curled up with , cozied up to ... do n't / wo n't keep your bills paid !!! ; - -RRB- Excuse me , I now must go make another donation to the Swift Vets !!! &#60; G &#62;
 Objectively read the records and the facts show a person with a high level of achievement
 It looks to me like Michael Moore and Terry McCauliffe co-wrote this piece of innuendo-filled scribble . I predict there will be no movie version !
 Just because a book is being written for children , that does n't make it all right to do a sloppy job with it . This book contains wrong and misleading information , and the photographs are poorly selected.A sentence on p. 6 reads , `` The main mint is in Washington , D.C. '' This is totally wrong . There is , in fact , NO mint in Washington , D.C. Any moderately serious coin collector knows this . Thus , it is immediately obvious that this book was neither written nor checked by anyone with any real knowledge on the subject.Although the book explains that coins are stamped from dies , there is not a single picture of a die to be found anywhere.The discussion of proof coins on p. 16 contains the following misleading statement
 This is the 4th Clavell book I 've read , I was more than a little disappointed . I 've read them in order so far , Shogun and Tai-pan for me were breathtaking , long books which I sped through . Gai-jin was more of a chore , with not much of ending . I found King Rat dull , I think the story was n't too interesting . Other customers have commented on how harsh the prison was - too be honest , I thought it would 've been worse . The King had none of the charisma of the heroes in the other books , and I found myself not really caring whether or not either him or Marlowe made it . Although a lot was made of their inner feelings , this made me feel that they were both just shallow people .
 James Clavell 's `` King Rat '' is hands down the worst of his Asian saga . Only related to the other four by the main character 's possession of a `` gold ring , signet of the Clan Gordon '' -LRB- italics -RRB- mentioned once on the seventh page . Any reader of Clavell would expect this to have some significance later but the thread never reemerges . Did the author forget about it , carried away by his clearly sophmoric adulation of his Hero ? Or did he toss it in at his publisher 's request in order to somehow justify this waste of print by weakly connecting it to his better works . And what is this shiftless down-and-out motherless drunkard 's son doing with such a treasure anyway ? Surely that would have made a more interesting book . Of course , the matural answer is that Clavell is telling his own story , what he lived through as a POW . He has , however , forgotten the first rule of freshman exposition
 after reading all of clavell 's books , i was looking forward to King Rat . It made me uneasy . I was left with a very disatisfied feeling . Who rated this book so high ? were they relatives?I do not recommend it .
 I had read this book over 30 years ago as a teenager and thought it would be interesting to see how I reacted to it now . It 's a fun and easy read , I 'll admit that . But I can see why I liked it more as a 14-year-old ; the book seems to have been written by a 14-year-old . And the `` moral dilemmas '' are of the kind you probably dealt with when you first learned what a `` moral dilemma '' is.And although the copy I read was a paperback from the early 1980 's that was in its umpteenth printing , it had a surprising number of typos and major grammatical errors . I guess even back then no one took the book too seriously .
 After Shogun one would expect much better . Compared with Shogun , King Rat is rather 2D . The plot is not as engrossing . I think readers will have a difficult time getting into the story . The ending is somewhat predictable -LRB- what do YOU think happens to all the prisoners ? -RRB- and there are many things that are never explained -LRB- who is the informant that knew about the radio ? -RRB- . On the whole an entertaining book , but it moves slowly and doesnt go anywhere -LRB- how exciting can life in a prison be anyway ? :P -RRB-
 I really enjoyed the first 100 pages of King Rat and expected good things from the remaining chapters . But the novel goes downhill as the reader is forced to learn more about Peter Marlowe , a character I suspect we 're supposed to admire for his complexity . The dialogue between prisoners is forced and the sub-plots are only of marginal interest . I found myself skimming the final third of the novel , as concentrating on it was much too painful.With a 4 and 1/2 star rating , a prospective reader would think they were buying `` The Brothers Karamazov '' . Same goes for all of the books on Amazon that suffer from ` grade inflation ' . With every novel commanding 4 or more stars , what 's left to differentiate the great novels ?
 I 'd heard such good things about this book , and could n't wait to read it . Unfortunately , I found it really slow . I read the paperback version , and to be honest , I could n't bring myself to finish the book . Major disappointment .
 the book is ok but I am very dissapointed in the condition of the book as I am reading it it is falling apart from the binding and it was listed as good condition but in my opion it was in poor condition water stains yellowing pages and binding is falling apart for the price I paid I expected better quality I doubt that I will purchase thru this group ever again Sharyl
 I can not agree with the positive reviews of this novel , because I could not stand Declan McDonald the hero of this story who was self centered , selfish , inconsiderate and downright annoying from beginning to end . The only saving grace to this book is its spotty humor and the heroine Rose . I was hoping that Declan would mellow out and stop feeling sorry for himself , but that never happen . Why Rose would fall in love with such a wimp and why Declan , a gorgeous , superstar who loved to write songs and sing , could think his life was awful was beyond my comprehension . His constant complaining and feeling sorry for himself just got to me . So many pages were wasted on his lamentations that I kept hoping Rose would find someone else and give Declan the brush off he deserved . I have absolutely no sympathy for someone who has everything who hates his life and feels sorry for himself . If you think you can stand that type of character by all means read this book - otherwise pass . By the way there are some very depressing segments in this book that that gave me another reason not to like it , but obviously did not bother other readers - at least these events were a relief from Declan 's constant complaining .
 Having read Reeves 's two excellent previous works on Kennedy and Nixon , I was looking forward to his Reagan book . Fortunately , I did n't purchase it and took it out from the library . This book offered little in the way of depth , detail , or worthy analysis . A good comparsion is the dropoff between Tom Clancy 's early works and his oft lampooned Op Center ! It was almost as if Reeves spent little time on research and traded in his cache as a respected presidential historian in order to make a quick buck . I expect to see this poor excuse for history in the 4.95 dollar pile at the Strand within a few months , and even then I wo n't buy it .
 If you want to read a book about President Reagan , this is not the book to read . In reality , Reeves paints a word portrait of Reagan as Reeves would like you to believe Reagan was . It is written as though Reeves were present at every meeting of Reagan 's eight years of presidency . He starts off with a day-to-day rundown of life as President , and with the word-by-word dialogue Reeves uses , the reader would think that Reeves actually was present . However , as the book continues , a spirit of vindictiveness in the author becomes apparent . Using every quote he could find by disgruntled people , ex-cabinet members , Reagan 's enemies , as well as the liberal media , Reeves paints a picture of Reagan as a bungling old fool who did n't do anything while he was in office , and that if something good did happen , the reason was not because of Reagan 's doing . The book closes with this quote on page 490 about Reagan 's funeral
 This book is written by a liberal - and in my opinion-for liberals . If you are a conservative and a fan of Reagan I do n't recommend it . Instead , I 'd site a work like ` Ronald Reagan ' by Dinesh D'Souza .
 I could n't finish it , it got to a point where I could n't trust what the author was saying because there were many times when Reeves seemed to intentionally discredit Reagan and conservatism . It was bearable at first , but after a while became too much to handle.It 's not necessarily just about my own bias . If I were to read about FDR , I would n't want a biased conservative , or at least I 'd want the author to be fair and unbalanced in the book 's writing.With that said I 'd certainly read a Kennedy book by Reeves , which I know he 's written .
 I 'm shocked at the worship of President Reagan and this book is proof ! Unbelieveable , amazing that no one will ever write a critical thing about Ronald Reagan .
 Reagan began his acting career reading cue-cards in the service of General Electric during his stint at the `` GE Playhouse . '' Reagan 's move to the White House had him doing much the same , reading cue-cards written for him by Big Business , including GE , a weapons and energy conglomerate that owns NBC.If people want to get a good feel for the Reagan administration , I 'd recommend the books of Michael Parenti , who documents the legacy of dirty wars in Latin America and the global class war that is turning our planet into a dystopia of haves and have-nots . Globalized `` Reaganomics '' -LRB- aka , neoliberalism -RRB- is creating a planet of slums and prisons , war and ecocide . The parts of government that served the general public are being shredded , while the entitlement programs of war profiteers and various robber barrons create record profits.It 's interesting to see the reverence Kim Jong Reagan receives ; but whether people like him or not is immaterial , he was n't in charge of the country . Rather , very rich and powerful corporate executives and an army of lawyers and lobbyists entrenched themselves during the Reagan administration . This corporate coup is something that many presidents have warned us about , including President Martin Van Buren who said , `` I am more than ever convinced of the dangers to which the free and unbiased exercise of political opinion - the only sure foundation and safeguard of republican government - would be exposed by any further increase in the already overgrown influence of corporate authorities . `` If people can break-away from the Reagan illusion , and want to learn about real power in this country , I 'd recommend the DVD `` The Corporation , '' and the books and radio show of Thom Hartmann .
 The Washington Post review of Reeves ' Reagan suggests that the author looks at selective days in the President 's life from a point of fly-on-the-wall omniscience . Reeves in fact seems to always be looking for a fly or flaw in the ointment , and his omniscience is that of the New York Times , for which he worked.Five flaccid or failed presidencies before Reagan 's had seemed to prove that the office was dangerous and devouring , that nobody in the modern era could succeed and survive as president . Two decades of presidential failure mirrored national decline . America and its leaders , on top of the world for brief shining moments after WWII , were either pitiful helpless giants or were merely pitiful and helpless . Then Reagan happened . Like FDR in 1933 , Reagan survived , succeeded , and prevailed . Like FDR in 1936 , Reagan 's bold persistent experimentations with new relations between government and governed were rewarded with overwhelming vindication in 1984 . To Reeves , Reagan 's reelection and what it meant seem not to matter . Reagan 's electoral triumph gets a grudging paragraph from Reeves , and his lead-up to November 1984 is a set-piece swoon for Walter Mondale , Reagan 's opponent . Then Reeves moves briskly to the story he really wants to tell , a New-York-Times-eye-view of Iran-contra . Reeves looks at Reagan 's triumph and sees a continuation of the long line of presidential failure.Here are the little tricks that give Reeves ' game away
 Reeves trots out every disgruntled employee -LRB- lots of Donald Regan -RRB- to paint a biased , one-sided , portrait of Ronald Reagan . He purposely minimizes accomplishments and reduces Reagan to a lucky , out-of touch , and corny `` old man . `` President Reagan was , of course , not the saint that the Republicans seem/want to believe , but it 's painfully obvious that the current super-heated turf wars between the major parties make any honest appraisal of the man impossible in the near term.The mean-spirited hatchet job that Richard Reeves delivers is shameful -LRB- and his contempt for the American electorate is staggering -RRB- . At times it reads like Kitty Kelly . Too bad . I was looking forward to a comprehensive look at those years.I bought RR
 While it does cover some of his acomplishments , it focuses on unsupported claims of his critics . Clearly he is hostile to Reagan .
 I bought this book from Michaels for $ 19.99 , so it is definitely a deal here on amazon ! But , let me warn you . . there are some pretty layouts but there is n't a lot of explaination for techniques used . This may be for a more advanced scrapbooker who already knows how to do certain things but for me , I wanted some tutorials . I also found it to be quite annoying that the author repeated word for word some blurb about finding inspiration in her neighborhood . I felt like she was just trying to fill up space and insult the reader . The book could have used a lot more variety toward the last chapters when they brought in more elements to the pages . I do n't consider patterned paper an extra element . It seemed like each layout was just patterned paper , stamps , and sticker letters . That 's not very exciting at all .
 The title of this book drew me in . Scrapbook pages with limited supplies appeal to me because I like clean , simple pages . The guest scrapbookers create some beautiful , inspirational pages . The authors pages , however , fall short . Her photographs fail to capture meaningful moments in a creative and artistic way . Too many mediocre photos clutter the pages . There 's nothing to draw me in and capture my interest.Actual design instruction is limited . Helpful little tips are scattered throughout the book , but that little bit is not enough to justify purchasing this book . Instead I stongly recommend Clean And Simple Designs for Scrapbooking
 I am not a scrapper that likes the ` overdone ' and ` overembellished ' look , but this goes to another extreme and the authors pictures ARE generally nothing to get that exited about . Also , when I pay for a book , I like there to be more reading content - what really disappointed me that they supplies used -LRB- what little there were -RRB- were not specified . When I see items I like -LRB- patterned paper , stickers , etc. -RRB- , I like to know what brand they are so I can seek them out myself ...
 I 've loved this series , but I guess it 's come to its end . The early books were charming , funny , and had great wit . And the first Lardo books were excellent . But this book and the one before it sound as if they were written by someone who never read a McNally book.The McNally character is lost completely , as is the witty style . Archie is unrecognizable . All the sophistication and wordplay are gone . The writing is awkward , and the plot uninteresting . All in all , a major disappointment .
 Why do n't they take Lawrence Sanders ' name off the McNally books ? Vincent Lardo obviously has n't studied them in depth , since he makes mistakes with reference to Sanders ' stories . Archy states he does n't want to get married if he ca n't have a marriage as perfect as his parents . Lardo apparently is unaware that the `` pater '' had an affair in one of Sanders ' installments ! Archy is n't quite the same guy and is becoming quite the annoying snob . Al Rogoff was hardly in this one and I missed him . Archy 's living with a girlfriend and there are few references to the McNally `` manse '' , dinners with the folks , etc. . And the climax was anything but ; a true anticlimax that was over before I realized . Time to hang up the series ? I do believe .
 McNally 's Bluff displays clearly the chasm between Lawrence Sanders and Vincent Lardo . LS understood wit and served it up with lightness and style ; VL is not much more than a smartass , not as literate , and the constant wisecracking is ultimately exhausting . In addition , Boyd Gaines , the narrator of the digital e-version , adds an over-the top , forced broadness to the reading , sounding like a geriatric WC Fields without the talent , making the entire package unbearably irritating - I could only listen about a third of the way through before I had to stop.LS had a deep grasp of how language works ; it was part of the whole wonderful , supreme joke that his thrillers were well-written , interestingly plotted , and literate , as well as quite funny . Lardo makes grammatical mood errors motivated by what I ca n't help interpreting as plain old pretentiousness -LRB- subjunctive instead of plain conditional , for example -RRB- and other simple syntactical errors that do not do justice to LS 's craft.In Sanders 's hands , Archy McNally is a scamp and a rogue , at least in his own eyes , but still a human being who loves his parents and solves crimes while chasing women and eating too much . Lardo turns Archy into an empty caricature , alternately boring and boorish and completely unfunny . It 's a shame and he should stop now .
 Ugh !! Along with Shulman 's `` Valentino , '' one of the worst movie star biographies I 've ever read . Harlow is reduced to a breast-bearing harpie , not to mention poor Paul Bern , whose reputation is utterly trashed . Written as though the writer were present for every intimate moment of Harlow 's life , it offers no reliable information . I can not believe this was the story of Harlow 's agent , Arthur Landau . Avoid this hysterical trash and read David Stenn 's `` Bombshell '' instead , a more balanced and sane look at Harlow .
 ... This book should have been put in the fiction section because Shulman never talked to anyone who actually knew Jean Harlow except for her agent who was complicit in this farce . Harlow 's 87 year old father sued the publisher for 3 million dollars but they settled out of court for a lesser sum because of his advanced age ... This book trashes the memory of one of Hollywoods most beloved stars and is not worthy of consideration .
 This was an unbeilivable piece of trash written by a man who did n't give a care about those who loved Jean -LRB- her father and Bill Powell , just to name a few -RRB- and were terribly hurt by the lies . Shulman did n't do his research -LRB- he even spelled her dad 's last name incorrectly -RRB- or ignored it to make a fast buck . I ca n't believe that it has been reissued.I wish that I would have saved the two Photoplay magazines that came out that year , it gave dozens of interviews with Jean 's friends and family completly refuting the garbage that he wrote . For the real Jean , read Eve Golden 's book . Collen Moore and Myrna Loy had good chapters on Jean in their biographies . I have n't found one book that supports Shulman 's lies , he -LRB- Mr Shulman -RRB- even had Jean living in a `` trashy '' house.A house in Beverly Hills ???????? Give me a break !
 I felt like jumping into the shower after reading this miserable trashing of poor Jean , who is n't around to defend herself . She was n't anything like what this book describes . If you want to read this garbage , do so , but remember to wash your hands afterwards .
 This is what a biography should never be . It 's poorly written , poorly edited and is merely a titillating vehicle for the biographer to get some cheap thrills . It was Garbage .
 I have an early edition of this book , published in 1968 . The author believed that the end times were imminent , and that was -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- 42 years ago.Most of the `` signs '' of the then-imminent apocalypse are basically that the world of the late 1960 's was filled with sin and decadence . To believe that the late 1960 's were the most sinful times in world history requires tremendous ignorance of the inhumanities committed through prior centuries.The funniest of the author 's `` signs '' of an imminent apocalypse is standup comic Buddy Hackett giving a performance filled with ranchy humor and foul language . Am I supposed to believe that God is more worked up over a raunchy standup comedy performance than He had been over the various wars , genocides and famines through the previous centuries?In my opinion , an educated , objective reader could never take this book seriously , but may enjoy it for some laughs . -LRB- On a similar level , you can enjoy watching bad science fiction films like `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' just for laughs . -RRB- Side note
 I have an early edition of this book , published in 1968 . The author believed that the end times were imminent , and that was -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- 42 years ago.Most of the `` signs '' of the then-imminent apocalypse are basically that the world of the late 1960 's was filled with sin and decadence . To believe that the late 1960 's were the most sinful times in world history requires tremendous ignorance of the inhumanities committed through prior centuries.The funniest of the author 's `` signs '' of an imminent apocalypse is standup comic Buddy Hackett giving a performance filled with ranchy humor and foul language . Am I supposed to believe that God is more worked up over a raunchy standup comedy performance than He had been over the various wars , genocides and famines through the previous centuries?In my opinion , an educated , objective reader could never take this book seriously , but may enjoy it for some laughs . -LRB- On a similar level , you can enjoy watching bad science fiction films like `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' just for laughs . -RRB- Side note
 This book is OK if you are a new dog owner . As a border collie owner this book does nothing for me . Some of the information is designed for border collie owners , but many of the pictures show other dogs . I also felt this was a `` cut and paste '' dog owner book ... insert `` Border Collie '' here ... a good book for new dog owners ; but offers little information for Border Collie owners ... chasing shadows , throw the ball , run , play , spin , come on . etc just is n't covered . If you write a book about about `` border collies '' all pictures should show border collies , and help for border collie owners of these wonderful psychotic dogs should be included ... greg
 What a disappointment.The majority of this book is about dogs in general . If you 're looking for information specifically about the Border Collie breed , as I was , do n't waste your money . You can get 90 % of what was in this book by picking up any book on dogs , and you wo n't know any more about Border Collies than you did before you read it .
 Despite the advertising , I would say that this book is of little or no use to all but the beginning investor who wants a very easy to manage entry/exit system . I could replicate the `` extensive historical research '' that these `` prominent authors '' have performed for their systems in less than a few days and I 'm no expert.There are more pages of text devoted to the history of Fidelity and to an overview and explanation of the Select Funds -LRB- the only useful chapter in the book for me -RRB- than to the 3 `` powerful mutual fund models '' . The `` computer programs '' included on disk are nothing more than incredibly simple spreadsheet templates.I 'm not sure if the authors are bull-market opportunists or just naive , but their book was/is a great disappointment to me .
 Gagan has written a book from a psychologists perspective on the benefits of the shamanic journey . She gives un-necessariy historical essay-type background to basic psychological theories such as attachment , and discusses how psychology and shamanism both come from the same intention , to heal . However the book does n't really go into depth on the shamanic journey at all , there is no methodology given , no map , no exercises . I was disappointed with this book as it claimed to `` marry shamanism and psychology '' yet nothing new in this area was offered , no tecnhiques , no examples of how she handled specific cases . She described what is already known as the shamanic counselling process , renamed it `` Shamanic Psychotherapeutics '' , yet did not say how a psychotherapist could add to the shamanic counselling experience . She says that psychology has science to offer shamanism , yet she doesnt not elaborate on this idea . Overall its a book where a classically trained psychologist discovers shamanism and shares her new wisdom with the world . In her blurb on the back she says she is a student of shamanism , which in itself is telling . This book is an introduction to the concept of a shamanic journey to people who come from psychology backgrounds but unfortunatly , it does not do what it claims to do on the cover , which is to give a `` daring and pioneering template for healing '' . You 'd be better off reading Harner or Ingerman for a more practical approach .
 I think this book will give comfort to those in the psychological community who want to explore a non-clinical pathway . Shamanism is a method for obtaining spiritual insights that are non-linear in nature . It is creative . It is challenging . For me this book attempts to structure shamanism psychologically , and that is not what the shamanic pathway is about , it limits the potential of the Work . To the seasoned journeyier this is not the book to read.If you are a psychologist who wants to expand your practice by `` doing '' shamanism without doing your own personal work so you can make more money - please take another path . If you want to explore this pathway of direct experience with the G-d of your understanding and are willing to leave your clinical training at the door , take off your psychological mask then come journey ... and buy Michael Harner or Sandra Ingerman 's book .
 It is sad to see that almost all of the reviews of this product are now obsolete . The praise that this set received was largely for its sub $ 100 price tag . Now the price has ballooned to $ 300 ! It 's quite a shame too because Shakespeare is amazing and should be a part of everyone 's home library .
 I think that $ 300 for this wonderful set is a bit much . The price just skyrocketecd up from $ 119 to an absurdly $ 300 Its really sad to see this happen . Each of these books should be around $ 5 - $ 6 $ 190 - $ 228 I will agree on even . The price needs to be reduced right now its a rip off .
 Why would it go up from under $ 100 to 300 ? It is silly to think I 'd pay that much for a collection which originally sold for $ 99 . Price went up that much in 3 years ? stupidEven dumber its now up to $ 600 + .
 I had hoped this would be as good as Kahn 's outstanding Boys of Summer . I was disappointed . There are some interesting sketches of players and managers here , some anecdotes about baseball , and some tidbits about the evocative time and place in which Kahn grew up , including pervasive anti-Semitsm of his early years . And the book gives a feeling for what `` dem bums '' meant to to Brooklyn.Unfortunately much of the rest is boring . Kahn 's father is not particularly interesting to anyone but himself , nor is Kahn 's relationship with his father . In contrast to Kahn 's writing about baseball , his writing about his process of writing about baseball is stupifyingly dull . It just is not that fascinating to learn how he had trouble thinking up a good headline or story lead . Who cares ? Give us another anecdote about Willie or Mickey instead . Like so many examples of writers endlessly writing about their process of writing , and film makers endlessly discussing their process of film making , my response was `` Who cares ? '' It is dull and self-indulgent . Produce the damn work -- the story , book , movie , painting or whatever , and let it speak for itself.After dealing with too much of this navel-gazing , I skimmed the book for information about ballplayers and managers and baseball and ignored all the chaff.Give it a `` 5 '' for 25 % of the content , a `` 1 '' for 75 % .
 The problem I have with this book is its underlying premise , let 's see , the greatest computer ever built , a computer named Liza -LRB- a mate for Hal of 2001 fame ? -RRB- that is capable of work that NASA computers can not even dream of doing , and the purpose of this computer , why , to match loveless people together , to do the same thing the dating game used to do!Eden is the company name and that 's what they do , match people up using their super-computer to make as perfect a match as possible . When one of their `` perfect '' matches , a super-couple , commit suicide , and then another couple does the same , the company knows something is wrong . They hire a former FBI man named Lash to investigate and some pages into the book he realizes it is murder made to look like suicide . Why ? Who is killing these people ? The suspense generated in this book arises out of this mystery and it is sufficient to keep the reader 's interest to the end , although most will have figured out the villain long before the final page is read . Still , a decent read .
 I agree with the other reviewers . Do not waste your time here . What started off as riveting , ended with me throwing the book across the room . The last 100 pages were torture for me , but I forced myself through them . I will not read another book by this Child .
 Extremely disappointed is high praise for this work . This will be my last read for Child alone . I found this book pretentious in its long and lenghthy explanations of computers , software , codes , interfacing , sequences , etc. which really were just not that interesting and did n't add much to the story overall . Seems Child got lost in his own words and complicated ideas and I felt like I needed a PHD in computer science to really enjoy the story . I ca n't fault Child for the charts thorughout the book that do n't read at all on a Kindle , but it still annoyed me.There was an enormous effort in detailed descriptions of facililties , rooms , hallways , staircases , ducts , buildings and surprising little development of any of the characters . Odd really , as the Preston/Child collaborations on character development are so strong . Maybe Preston writes those parts.At 60 % , I figured out the identity of the killer and pretty much skimmed the rest of the book . And the method of murder was just unbelievable for several couples you know little about and care even less . They are not really people ... but products ... maybe that 's the point . I wish I had ordered a sample first before I spent the $ $ . The Preston/Child books are some of my favorite reads , which probably made this one all the most disappointing .
 This rates lower than it would if it were written by another author , because I 've come to expect great things from Lincoln Child - either writing alone , or with Preston . And while this book really drew me in to begin with , it got a little stagnant towards the middle . And the end was entirely predictable . It was an interesting plot , but there was n't enough of a twist to keep it interesting , and I 'd say that if you read a lot , it 's probably worth it . But if you 're only going to read a handful of books this year , I would n't recommend it . It was just okay.I 'd strongly recommend you check out his other works .
 Now that I 've read both Preston and Child as singular authors and coauthors , I now know Preston seems to be the backbone to Preston/Child 's collaborative works . With `` Death Match '' , Child developed an intriguing premise but failed to execute the story . Despite the promising premise , the story was actually BORING . It was slow-moving , the characters were `` eh '' , and the end was predictable . It 's unfortunate Child did n't have the insight to insert more conspiracy and intrigue , for the `` long-awaited '' answer to the deaths ended up being disappointingly simple and obvious . Hopefully Child 's `` Utopia '' proves to be a more interesting read .
 This story started out fine . I was ready for a murder thriller . But by the end , it simply turned into what resembled a computer manual . I also did n't care for the narrator in tne downloaded ebook version . He sounded eerily computer-generated .
 The premise was great . The writing in the early part was absorbing . I was hoping against hope the ending would be different . But it became the boring , flat ending I was afraid of.As to Eden , while the premise of an all-knowing computer was intriguing , the extent to which it was pushed , & for a purpose like match-making , made it rather implausible , if not laughable . It is conceivable a computer can hack into that much data . It is rather dubious it can do that a million times without anybody detecting anything.Would have preferred if the novel had taken another direction , like , how all the information in the world still ca n't predict a perfect match ... a little misinterpretation can ruin all the hard data ...
 Yep , I , too , am a huge fan of Preston and Child . Or maybe `` was '' is a better word . Lately , they 've been dwelling too much on serial killings , which I do not find entertaining at all . However , as far as this solo effort by Lincoln Child goes , it is a sham ! The author should be embarrassed for writing this one . This story is old , hackneyed , uninspired and without any suspense whatsoever -LRB- the ending is easily guessable by page 50 ! -RRB- . And yes , the ending ... implausible and very , very far-fetched . But the big thing I 'm beginning to notice about Child and Preston is their lack of character development lately . In their past few books , both individually and collectively , they have given us `` nil '' in this department , to the point where I could n't care any less about the main characters since they do n't give us the oportunity to get to know them ! I HATE their Pendergast character for this very reason . They should drop him immediately ! Honestly , do not ruin your lust for a good Preston/Child novel by reading this drivel . I suggest a good James Rollins or Matthew Reilly novel instead .
 I picked up this book looking for some light reading over the holidays . And I guess , based on that criteria alone , the book fulfilled its purpose . The overwhelming problem I had , however , is the fact that it is completely predictable . If you make it more than a third of the way through without having figured out the end , then you have probably never watched a movie , seen a television show , or read another book . I do n't mean that as an exaggeration . It is just that obvious . Once I reached that point in the book I absolutely knew how the story would end -- and not just a good guess about how it would end , but knew that there was no other way it could be concluded.I continued reading , however , partly because Child is a pretty good writer -- the characters are interesting and the world very well thought out -- but mostly because I had high hopes the author would surprise me with something unexpected . Unfortunately , that was n't the case . In fact , the predictability became something of a plot hole for me . I kept wondering how the supposedly brilliant lead character could miss something that seemed so completely obvious.However , having said all that , if you go into it with the realization that you will see the ending coming well before you get there , the book is reasonably entertaining , fast paced , and makes for a nice little diversion .
 I have read all of Child 's and Preston & Child ; 's books and have never been dissapointed until now . The storyline became so un-believable that I could not take it anymore . ** SPOILER ** I stopped reading the book during the chapter where they lost control of the computer and they could n't turn it off -LRB- because it controlled the power -RRB- , they could n't slow it down -LRB- because it had redundant systems -RRB- , they could n't bash it with a sledgehammer -LRB- because all of the computer housings were rebuilt w / hardened steel cases -RRB- , etc. . . All of this for a computer system used for match-making ? The monster in Relic was actually more believable than this .
 I am truly sorry to give this book only two stars . Like so many have stated , it started out promisingly only to dissolve into a hash of melodrama in the end . Without tipping the plot with spoilers that adorn other reviews , I guess there were so many ways the story could have gone and been so-o-o-o-o much more interesting.This is not to grind Mr. Child -LRB- the author -RRB- . He and his associate , Mr. Preston are good writers and seemingly so much more approachable than others of their genre . I had read their work , `` Ice Limit '' and , after becoming enthralled in the somewhat amgiguous ending , I stumbled on a web site where they set up a sort of epilogue for the novel and some manner of chat room for their readers . Despite the heavy traffic , both authors were cordial enough to * personally * respond several times to comments and questions I made.Another thing I ca n't fault Mr. Child on is his lack of research . While maybe not 100 % accurate in the area of computers -- I am a career software developer and noted a couple of clinkers -- he certainly made an effort to understand that discipline and try to get it right . I can only guess at a similar effort behind his representation of forensic psychology.I do n't mind recommending the book ; it 's fun to read but dissapointing because of a rather pedestrian ending .
 I loved Lincoln Child 's other e-books from Amazon but `` Death Match '' was a bit tedious . The hero Dr.Christopher Lash was an animated mannequin . The plot along with Liza the super computer being the killer was obvious from the fourth chapter and was a rehash from a thousand books and movies from the seventies and eighties about computers killing people and or taking over the world . I give it two yawns , Speed Reader .
 I agree completely with Harmony 's review of this book . I recently purchased it at a pet store and returned it within an hour of buying it . The information is outdated and inaccurate . James Hatfield 'd `` Green Iguana-The Ultimate Owner 's Manual '' is superior by far , purchase this instead .
 Upon reading this book I found a lot of interesting facts about Iguana 's , but at the same time I found the book to be severly outdated and full of facts that were less important than care and feeding of your new Iguana . Would recommend a newer book !
 table of contents is not there on my kindle as advertised . poe is anamzing author but his body of work is unmanagable on my kindle and therefore nearly useless . i do not have the patience to page through literally thousands of pages . disappointing useless waste of time and money .
 This book does not have a proper Kindle-compliant table of contents . This makes it difficult to navigate . I guess it 's worth a dollar , but unless you are devoted to buying only the cheapest version of Poe 's works , I would purchase another .
 Poe 's terrific , of course , and I was looking forward to having this collection on my newly received Kindle . But , unfortunately , despite the claim of an active TOC for this collection - there is * no * TOC , of any kind , essentially rendering the collection useless.Sure , a single buck is just a single buck , but this is simply false advertising , petty theft , and a great disappointment . The publisher and Amazon ought to be ashamed of themselves here . What both do by this sort of practice , or lapse , or oversight , is simply generate distrust .
 The book is a good compilation , aside from one important thing which is not a part of title but mentioned in the review : POEMS!I specially bought this one for it claims : `` This single volume brings together all of Poe 's stories and poems -LSB- ... -RSB- `` That felt really bad when I realize this one only contains the short stories , well though some short stories contain some of the poems , a few but in the review , again I highlight they say `` all of Poe 's stories and POEMS '' ! Hope they add the poems soon or I 'll get to contact with Amazon customer service .
 Edgar Allen Poe needs to be read with a thesaurus handy . Apart from the stilted vocabulary and long descriptions , murderous plots emerge.Purchased at Amazon .
 I should have paid attention to other reviews . Was looking forward to reading selected works by Edgar Allen Poe on my Kindle but determined immediately that it was impossible to go to a specific selection . This has been set up like that of a novel . If the reader wants to go to a certain selection scanning through every page to get to that selection is required . Using the Go To feature on the Kindle was not helpful either since a location for each story/subject was not indicated in the Table of Contents . I have read much of Poe 's works previously and was looking forward to revisiting his genius but have to say that this Kindle Edition is not even worth the $ 0.99 that I paid for it . Will probably just delete it .
 I ca n't stand the way this guy wrote , Dickens , too . These two guys were masters in the art of the pointless ramble . I get a ways in and I want to shout GET TO THE POINT ALREADY ! Not my kind of writing .
 I love Poe 's writing , but this book is in the original `` olde '' English and is very difficult to read for me . So I am really not too happy with this particular version . I should have read the `` small print '' . ascott
 I have been very satisfied with all the books I have downloaded from Amazon . I would like to read the stories of Edgar Allan Poe , but unfortunately , I can not open the book . It is there , but it resists my attempts at opening the stories . Is there anything you can tell me to obviate this problem ?
 Save your dollar . The kindle edition does not have any ability to easily navigate . You will essentially have to manually wade through the extensive collectioin of Poe stories which is cubersome and ineffecient . As well , this edition was linked next to a volume for stories and poems and the kindle edition only has stories .
 This book dwells on the justification of Liberation Theology within the framework of the Catholic Church . The three levels of the theology are explained , and justified by drawing within the history of Catholic dogma . I also would have liked this book to contain some actual experiences , some historical references to the personalities involved , but this is not that kind of book . The author is exacting to demonstrate to the reader the steps involved in forming a new Theology . The topics and important points throughout the book are very well laid out usually in enumerated paragraphs . At times it is like reading an outline and a reader may have trouble staying focused . The book did an admirable job Introducing Liberation Theology per the title . As for maintaining reader interest , it is very dry . It was an eyeopener to see the steps involved in attempting to justify a new Theology The author 's style is `` to the point '' . I chose this book because the author is credited with being one of the founders of Liberation Theology .
 If you are looking for a primary source to tell you something about liberation theology this is a good place to look . If you are looking for a quality work in it 's own right , skip this one . please.I have pretty much one major criticism of this book : The whole thing is written in that awful `` we think we are smarter than everyone because we use ` radical ' sounding gobledy gook we learned as students in the 60 's / 70 's '' tone that somehow still persists in academia today . Expect unneccessary references to the proletariat , marxism , workers , communism etc. I think that if the Boff brothers had written some personal narratives about their lives and work with `` the poor , '' and their experiences with oppression this could have been a good read , and pretty inspiring . Instead , it 's crammed with pretentious jargon implicitly proclaiming how original and inspiring we are supposed to find this `` new '' sensitivity the plight of the poor.It was obviously written not just to call attention to the plight of oppressed people , but also to do some academic strutting , and fluff those shiny intellectual tailfeathers in the face of the establishment in Rome.Unfortunately , when you do that kind of strutting you get censored by Rome , and the polarizing arguements that follow bury any nuanced and rational understanding of your works ' strengths and weaknesses . You get left with hardliners who think Libertion Theology was pretty much a communist conspiracy , and shrill aging hippies who think Liberation Theology was the only current in the Church that ever had any concern for `` the poor . `` Here 's a thought
 While this book is informative , it is in no way a good reference guide in preparing for the exam . The author fails to deliver many key areas that are essential for the exam . Also , the test questions are not good enough to get you prepared for the exam.I was forced to use the SUN manual for this exam i.e. SA-387 . The book also contains many errors , too much errors for a book of this kind.Be warned . If you plan to use this book , make sure that you have allot of hands on experience with Solaris and also make sure that you have a good reference guide to back it up.The verdict , this book is a good paper weight .
 I just took and passed this test , so I know what it takes to get it done and this book by itself WILL fail you . The Network administrator exam is not like Sys Admin II in that its thrust in not in the deep and wide details but rather in theory , definitions , and the features and attributes of the tcp/ip protocol stack . Its a high level murky test that requires you know the details the way sun wants to teach them to you and can devine shades of gray in the multiple choice questions . This book falls short in that the exercises are nearly non-existent and the questions at chapter end are very few and do not reinforce the format in which the exam questions are presented.Finally , the level of detail is misaligned in that there is too little background presented in some areas a too much in others.Try to augment this books outline by reading a theory book on TCP/IP and actually spend time building DNS , ntp , dhcp servers and clients so that you have crisp , real-world experience in these areas . Finally , it would do you no harm to borrow the Sun Network Management Coarse book from a friend to further hone your test taking skills .
 The primary benefit of this book is the included CD-Rom for the practice test . If it was n't for that , I would n't recommend it at all . There is a significant number of typos . Some of the example questions at the end of each chapter are not consistent with the information in the chapter . For example , in Chapter 16 , sample question # 8 is : The system relies on information found in which of the following files to find the root , usr , or swap device?a . / etc/vfstabb . path_to_instc . kerneld . / kernel/drve . / etc/driverThe answer key at the end of the review questions indicates that `` c '' is the correct answer . However , the caution on the left hand side of page 576 directly contradicts this . The man page indicates that the correct answer is `` b '' . Unfortunately , this is not an isolated case . Some answers on the practice test are incorrect also . However , I did get at least some value from the questions . I just took the test and made sure that I double checked any answers marked incorrect.I would not recommend this for a reference either , as the index page numbers for some entries appear to be off by 4-5 pages . If you go to the index looking for a subject and turn to the indicated page , you will actually find the information 4-5 pages from the indicated page.In short , if it were n't for the included practice test , I would n't recommend this at all .
 This book contains material that is just too simple to allow you to pass the exam . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I really wanted to like this book , as the cliology idea was very promising . Unfortunately , the writing was so bad , I had to put it down . A big problem is Sarah , our expert real estate developer/reporter/hacker / survivalist hero . In the words of one of the other characters , she `` seem -LSB- s -RSB- to know more things about more things than anybody else I 've ever met '' . -LRB- Yes the dialog is that bad - and when Flynn attempts dialects , it is cringingly bad -RRB- Sarah is equally at ease discussing the `` field of fire '' in a gun battle and who was the Lucasian Professor at Cambridge in the early 1800 's . Her `` I 'm a driven poor black woman from the South Side of Chicago '' story is too thin to make her plausible and grows tiresome very quickly.Also , the author is n't afraid to use improbable coincidences to drive the story forward . Much of the first 80 pages feels like an episode of a 1-hour TV mystery , where time constraints force the back story to be hurriedly injected in a flurry of awkward exposition . Meanwhile , characterization suffers - some editing for balance here would have been useful.Again , the cliology idea is a great one - unfortunately , Flynn does n't provide a worthy vehicle to present it .
 This novel has the worst dialog for a leading characterthat I have ever read . I know it must be a challenge fora middle aged white male author to write as a black newspaper woman , but no character could possibly speak and/or respond to the situations she finds herself in , as Flynn has this character do . Also what is it with Flynn 's writing about computers and/or the Internet ? What is a `` boot on button '' ? Is `` spyder '' supposed to be a web crawler or `` spider '' ? How does one use the internet to log onto a `` police blotter '' ? Had Flynn ever seen a computer when he wrote this?His description of a internet `` worm '' was also very amusing.His ` Cliology ' sounds awfully reminiscent of Asimov 's psycho - history , although I will give him the benefit of the doubt.The idea he was espousing seemed interesting , but , at leastat the time this book was written , the characterization was just too silly - actually embarrassing.Perhaps this was Flynns ' first novel , and his woodenness wasattributable to inexperience , as I have read several of his short stories in many editions of the `` Year 's Best Science Fiction '' and they were uniformly excellent.I guess I am just getting sick of buying novels that I canonly tolerate for about the first quarter of the book and then tossing them aside because the dialog of the characters is so blatantly unnatural .
 It 's so disappointing when a really interesting concept is ruined by horrible , cliche-ridden writing and cringe-worthy dialogue . Such is the case here . The novel starts strong but slides downhill quickly , devolving into a series of ever-more ridiculous scenes with , truly , some of the worst dialogue I 've ever read . And without providing any spoilers , the final scene is unintentionally hilarious in its sheer awfulness . Seriously
 As many other reviewers here have noted , the idea is fascinating , but it proves too much for the author to handle . The impact of all the various splinter groups is so vague and confused that it 's hard to see how any of them actually affected history , and in fact most seem more interested in increasing their investment portfolios . And if this ` science ' was originally developed independently by at least three groups in the 19th century , all of whom managed to build Babbage Difference Engines secretly , then why has n't a modern group , using modern computers , likewise developed it ? The ` secret ' of the society is pretty easily cracked by the lead character , who lacks only a cape and a mask to qualify as a super-heroine . Most of the rest of the large cast are pretty much names without faces . And finally , though the book ends , the resolution is vague and unsatisfying .
 According to his Preface , this book is a repackaging of previous work
 The idea of clioligy was very interesting and certainly this makes the book worhtwhile to some extent , but the characters are unreasonable and silly in places . For instance the poor woman overcome by lust when she had the game won . -LRB- No I do n't remember their names ... started witha G though ... -RRB- The clioligy is just window dressing to a poor spy novel . I was hoping to see characters working over a long term trying to influence history and really exploring the possibilities . I 'd probably try something else if I was looking for a good sci fi read . However , I will keep my copy for the clioligy appendix . Interesting idea .
 This book is certainly for beginners . Book does not contain useful advanced or important advice that is needed daily basis for adminitrating ESX server . If you are administrating running environment , this book is not for you .
 This book has good overview of ESX server , but then it does not focus really on any topic . It contains too many errors -LRB- where 's the proofreading ? -RRB- and chapters are in strange order -LRB- if you are beginner , you probably want get ESX installed with this book - and if you have done at least something with ESX , this is too simplistic -RRB- . It however contains some commands and tips , which are for some value -LRB- which anyway are correctly written in ESX lab manual and man-pages -RRB- , so this gives the only star for this book . Without silly errors , I would give two stars .
 This book is easy to read , but it is too general to be of any real value . Stick with the vendor documentation . It 's free and its right .
 Please be aware that this book is by Seventh-day Adventist author Ellen G. White . SDA theology is another gospel which obscures the gospel of salvation by faith alone through Jesus alone , and adds works to maintaining salvation .
 I 'm a huge fan of Richter 's work , but do we really need a large collection of under worked sketches for his abstract paintings ?
 It breaks my heart that folks think this is a good book and trust it . First of all , this book is SEVEN years old and unrevised . It still thinks they are two AWA essays , even though there 's only one now . More importantly , this book does n't even know about the existence of the Integrated Reasoning section , which was introduced in June , 2012 . It may be that this book is unintimidating to a beginning , but that 's because the questions are on the easy side and the advice is superficial and generic . If you use this book as a starter , you definitely need a more solid book to get you up to speed . Honestly , I would recommend not wasting money on this particular volume . There are just too many excellent prep sources from which to choose -- it just does n't make sense to spend money on mediocre out-of-date material .
 I liked the idea of using a `` Dummies '' book for concept review and something to start the foundation for my GMAT prep . In Chapter 16 in my printed version has many test questions that are missing the actual answer selections that renders the mini test useless . There are a few other exam examples elsewhere in the book that are also missing the answer selections . The corresponding explanations given make no sense unless you can see what the answer choices were . I called Wiley and they are examining if there is a problem with the book itself -LRB- Master Copy -RRB- or just the one I received -LRB- specific print run -RRB- . This is really poor quality control if the printing company is to be blamed and even worse if the authors were missing these sections , because that meant the authors and editors did a really poor job . The fact that some of the errors already pointed out do not accur in my printing means that there are probably several print runs of the 5th edition with different errata corrections within.Wiley , fix the QC issues . I hope to hear from you soon.I did like the content and the writing style of the authors to help with the review material . It made things fairly easy to understand and simple for review purposes .
 I used this book as my only prep material for the GMAT . I mainly studied the Quantitative material and spent several months reading and studying every concept . I took the practice math exam in the book and finished it early - only missing one question.When I took the actual GMAT the math was nothing like what I studied in this book . It was much more difficult and had far more data sufficiency question types than this book predicted . There are only a few pages to prepare you for those kinds of questions and it left me totally unprepared . I did not finish the math questions in time and scored far below my potential.I will be purchasing a different book to study the math concepts that are actually tested on the GMAT . Overall I am very disappointed that I used this book .
 This book is a good place to start if you are just starting on your GMAT journey . It puts a lot of daunting concepts into simpler terms that are easier to understand and tries to break down the complex nature of the GMAT into bite-sized pieces . I went through this book as my first book before tackling on the Kaplan study guides , Manhattan guides and the official guide.There are a few mistakes found in this book , which instantly warrants it nothing higher than 2-stars . Why ? In my view , a study guide that is supposed to teach you how NOT to make mistakes on a major test should n't contain mistakes of its own , let alone a number of them . For example , one of the problems on pg . 150 told me to solve for X and Y provided with these equations
 1 star because the book was deffected!This book arrived on time and was in excellent condition . Upon reading the book to my daughter I noticed the pages were out of order . Please contact me so that I may persue getting another copy .
 This book has an awesome premise ! In the book 's setting , people can travel through time easily and with very few problems . More than that , they can travel to MUs - Moment Universes , which are like instances of our universe at a given point in time . That means they can travel through a certain point in time and behave in some way , and afterwards go to the * same * moment , only on a different universe , and act differently . -LRB- Imagine , killing Brutus when he tries to murder Ceasar on one universe , and helping Brutus on another -RRB- . The book 's protagonist is Dr. Owen Vannice , a paleontologist who gets entangled with 2 con artists who trick people in different time periods.This too sounds good , no?So what is bad?Well , The story is utterly * filled * with logic inconsistencies . The author contradicts himself left and right . . and the most annoying thing , is that the author simply avoids certain `` problems '' with his theories . . he does n't even bother finding silly solutions for them ... simply ignores them altogher . You must agree that a book about time travel which does n't raise the issue of travelling to the future is kind of silly . And what about meeting with yourself ? Or maybe even having time travellers from the future coming to visit YOU ? All these are ignored.In addition , the story does n't focus on these ideas . . it concentrates on a silly love affair of the main characters ... That , and the fact that I could n't stand any of the characters made it a BAD book.Another wasted idea in the book
 I have yet to write a review on any of the textbooks that I have purchased from amazon , but I felt the need to give my insight into this book . I 'm currently a student studying engineering in Australia . I purchased the Dover publication on number theory a while back with an interest in getting a deeper understanding of the mathematics I 'm learning . I do n't claim to be an expert in the field of maths I 'm merely interested . I came around to getting this book after I was stuck on the Basis theorem explanation in the Dover publication . I stopped on that book when the author explained that the fundamental theorem of arithmetic required a good understanding of the Basis theorem . I tried to follow the proof outlined in the book but was unable to grasp it . I followed some proofs outlined online like on Wikipedia which gave me a better understanding of it , but they used methods of abstract algebra -LRB- Noetherian rings and fields -RRB- which I had n't studied.This book starts out by outlining the logic operations it will be using throughout chapter 1 . Section 1.1 explains the divisibility of integers followed by statements of fundamental theorem of arithmetic and some notes on prime number series.Section is 1.6 called `` some notations '' . This is where this book starts to fall apart for me . It starts out by introducing some of the Landau Symbols -LRB- though nowhere does it tell you the name of these symbols with any reference -RRB- The back of the book does have a symbols index but it never names these symbols just page numbers.Here the author starts to explain the definitions of Big-O , little-o and asymptotically equivalent , with some examples.Future down he explains that o -LRB- 1 -RRB- = 0 -LRB- 1 -RRB- but usually not the inverse . Symmetry does n't hold . I fail to see why is the case , the author gives no explanation other then '' to be observed ... `` The next section 1.7 '' The logarithmic function '' . Here he outlines the Taylor series of the e ^ x function . He then states that e ^ x tends to infinity more rapidly then any power of xhe shows this by rearranging the Taylor series and making a reference to the e ^ x.x ^ - n > x / -LRB- n +1 -RRB- ! -LRB- does x / -LRB- n +1 -RRB- ! have something to do with a formula for the product of powers of x ?? I do n't know -RRB- I do n't see how this proves that e ^ x is increases more rapidly to infinity then the powers of x. Maybe my maths is n't up to scratch ... After graphing these functions it would seem to be not to be true when x ^ y -LRB- y > 3 -RRB- in earlier integers . But this might not hold for larger numbers thus it would follow from the x > x0 as defined in the wikipedia definition of Big-O but it 's not defined that way in this book.Following this the author states that log x being the inverse rises slower then any power of x . He then gives an example ofx = 10 ^ 9 then log x = 20.72 . . -LRB- it should be noted that the author puts a tiny footnote on a previous page implying that this is in fact a Napierian logarithm , which he means natural logarithm , but he does n't state this . -RRB- Chapter one did n't impress me in the slightest . The following chapters seems to give a much better development and clearer understanding .
 I 'm not as impressed as the other reviewers here with this book , despite it 's being in some sense a ` classic ' . I take it some people - I have no idea what proportion of the population - now and then are struck by properties of numbers . For example , if a number AB is added to BA , the result always divides by 11 . If the difference is worked out , this is always a multiple of 9 . -LRB- E.g. 75 minus 57 is 18 , a multiple of 9 -RRB- . Or -LRB- e.g. -RRB- Any number cubed , less the number , will always divide by 6 and is also the product of three consecutive numbers . -LRB- e.g. 5 cubed is 125 ; less 5 gives 120 , which is 4x5x6 -RRB- . This sort of thing is the basis of ` number theory ' . There are at least two problems with this book . Firstly , there is in fact not yet such a thing as ` number theory ' . This book is a ragbag of techniques and things which have been identified and passed down by lecturers . But it is NOT a coherent ` theory ' in any sense . Perhaps I might compare it with a book on ` chess theory ' . Chess books have accounts of such things as opening gambits , sacrifices , end games - including some with extremely precise techniques needed for victory . And there are things like ` zwischenzug ' and assorted events which are rare , but have some interest . But does this make up a body of ` theory ' ? I 'd say not . Anyone looking to this book for insight into the Pythagorean mystery of number will in my view be more or less disappointed.Now , what follows from this is my second point , which perhaps is to do with human psychology , or the capacity of the human brain . What is it that makes some people fix on a certain type of problem ? For example , this book , like most or maybe all on number theory , starts with prime numbers - probably discovered as a result of packaging and division of actual objects . This of course had practical applications , such as the Babylonian 360 degrees , and our 12 inches , 14 pounds , 1760 yards , and so on . A collection of techniques -LRB- e.g. Eratosthenes ' sieve -RRB- , formulas , limits and other results has accumulated . Looking at Euclid 's proof of the infinity of primes , his method was to multiply all the primes , and add 1 . This function in effect is designed to use the properties of primes to generate a new prime . However Hardy and Wright do n't attempt to generalise this process . Maybe Fermat 's Last Theorem could be proved elegantly by inventing some ingenious function which combines the properties of addition , multiplication , and powers - repeated multiplication by the same number ? What is it that makes some problems -LRB- so far -RRB- insoluble - and many of them are very trivial to state?So we have here a collection of results , embodied in symbolism which is far enough from the actualities to -LRB- perhaps -RRB- look more impressive than it really is . Integration , for example , is basically simple enough , but the long s and the notation removes the reader from the real world ... And there 's a related problem , which is that the connective material , explaining why the next bit is there and what it is supposed to illustrate , is completely missing . The result is like a tour of museum exhibits , where the tourist is expected to infer the significance of all the specimens . Or like a concert , where one sample piece of music is played after another , from which the auditor is presumably left to infer a theory of music . In fact , I 've just decided to demote the book to two stars !
 Although the product description includes a long section called `` From the Back Cover '' which explains in excruciating detail why the Bevington is the best edition , it turns out this text has nothing to do with this item and is not the back cover text . This is not the Bevington edition , and the much praised notes and numbering system are not used in this item.This description should be modified , as it is extremely misleading !
 The workmanship in this 6th Edition is less than satisfactory . Several of my fellow seminar students had their books split upon opening the front cover of the hardback . Apparently , the inside of the cover and first page are defective , either in material or application . My copy has not split yet . However , it is obvious that there is stress and it is just a matter of time . I hope the appropriate person at Amazon reads this .
 No table of contents . No way to figure out what play you are reading without going back to start of the play . No indication of how far you have progressed in the play . None of the nice features described in reviews of the hardcover version - just straight text with no annotations or introductory essays . An absolutely poor execution of conveting what likely a great book into a less than substandard kindle edition . AMAZON , PLEASE PULL THIS TITLE IMMEDIATELY FROM THE KINDLE LIBRARY . .
 Do n't buy this if you want to read it , the formatting is terrible . It 's like whoever created it just rendered the public domain version in notepad and converted that to a e-book . Instead buy `` The Complete Plays Of Shakespeare -LRB- Special Kindle Illustrated and Commented Edition -RRB- for the same price.Don ' t take my word for it , download a sample . I ended up buying the other one . This version should get zero stars .
 I am entering my disgust with the kindle version just to add another 1 star review . I was misled by reviews of the paper version and did not realize that the kindle version is unusable until I bought it .
 I just purhased this version of Shakespeare 's Complete Works and there is no table of contents when you open it ! How am I supposed to navigate without a ToC ?? Maybe mine will update like the other customer said his did , but right now I 'm very disappointed with this purchase .
 This was advertised as being a critical edition . Instead it is simply the Gutenberg electronic version without helps -LRB- at least for the IPhone -RRB- . But it works for my purposes , if as somewhat of a disappointment .
 You get what you pay for , and you can get so much more for just a couple cents more . In this Kindle ebook , stage directions fall right inline with the text , undelimited , hard to distinguish from the dialogue . Also , the speaker 's name is not offset . The Mobi editionComplete Works of William Shakespeare . 154 Sonnets , Romeo and Juliet , Othello , Hamlet , Macbeth , Antony and Cleopatra , The Tempest , Julius Caesar , King ... Cressida , The Winter 's Tale & more -LRB- mobi -RRB- is just a few cents more and puts stage directions in brackets and tabs in the speaker 's name . Those are subtle differences that actually make a huge difference when reading the play .
 Perhaps this actually is the complete works of Shakespeare , but with no table of contents , or section headings or anything similar , it is impossible to use . It is one long file starting with the sonnets . NO search capabilities , no way to find King Lear except by beginning on page 1 and going page-by-page till you find it.Overpriced .
 This book does not have a table of contents . Can you imagine finding what you want in the COMPLETE works of Shakespeare without a ToC ?
 i purchased this edition expressly because it claimed to be easily searchable . When I downloaded it to my Kindle , I discovered this was falsely advertised . I am very disappointed in this purchase .
 This ebook formatting of all of Shakespeare 's works seemed too good to be true . And in this case , it is . The formatting on the plays is not good and makes them practically unreadable . The character names appear above the lines they speak but there 's no differentiation between the character and the lines so it 's very confusing . And unless you 're reading with the matching font size the lines end strangely . Sometimes a cheap Kindle version of a classic is worth weird formatting issues but with Shakespeare it can get confusing . If only they had perfected the formatting . I thought having all of Shakespeare 's plays , sonnets and poems on my Kindle would be an invaluable way to carry Shakespeare with me everywhere but I 'll need to go back to my hard copy versions .
 Poorly formatted with sentences broken in half and continued 2 lines down . Each dialogue is separated by an empty line - a huge waste of space for Kindle owners . Look elsewhere .
 To my great disappointment , the Kindle edition is simply a Guttenberg Project text , complete with their copyight notices prohibiting commercial distribution . The Kindle publishers did not even bother to add a usable table of contents . How can one locate anything in 50,000 + pages of text without any cross-referencing ? I will be informing Guttenberg project about this - they are being ripped off .
 Having just downloaded my copy , I eagerly searched for some favorite quotes . Going straight to `` but man , proud man ... '' in Measure for Measure , the fact that `` spleens '' had become `` speens '' , ruined my enjoyment completely . In view of the material at hand , I would have expected a little more care to have gone into the final proofing of the text . Instead of risking more of the same , I think I 'll just forget about the 3.99 and get a different version .
 Yeah , all the works are there . If you are not experienced in reading shakespeare , this is NOT for you . The annotations that it claims to have are there , but there are not at the bottom of the page like they are in a book , you have to go search in the poorly designed appendix for the annotations.NO LINE NUMBERS . If you buy this for a college class , you will be lost . You may be able to search and find , but its hard.Formatting is often off and not always uniform , making it harder to read than necessary .
 I really do n't see how anybody can give this half-finished junk more than one star . However , I must confess I have n't read it all . In fact , I have only looked up the end of Julius Caesar to compare with a recent production I went to . I was appalled to see several instances where a stage comment appeared as part of Shakespeare 's glorious lines . For example , where Brutus commits suicide : BRUTUS . Farewell , good Strato . Runs on his swordCaesar , now be still ; ... Even the stupidest , laziest proof reader should have spotted this and at least introduced bracketed italics for the stage instruction - something to make it clear that it is not part of the prose . This type of thing occurs so often with ebooks based on source that is out of copyright that one can only conclude that proof-reading is regarded as an extra . In addition to this type of error , this Shakespeare is very poorly and amateurishly formatted . They do n't even bother to ensure that each play begins on a new page!In short , unless you have no aesthetic appreciation for the greatest of literature , avoid this product - it is utterly without merit . It 's time the producers of ebooks realised that it is essential to minimise errors in books - they are regularly used as references in course work , for example , and have to be reliable . Anything less is a confidence trick and should invite legal action .
 This Kindle book is not the $ 80 David Bevington edition . If in fact you want that edition -LRB- with unique notes and a full introduction -RRB- do n't buy this Kindle edition -LRB- in fact one does n't exist -RRB- . The Bevington book is only for sale in hard copy .
 There is no table of contents . Best you get are categories `` Comedy 's '' , `` Tragedies '' , etc. . From there you have to flip page by page to the play you want to read hoping that you one day find it . Also a great many general errors as well with spacing . Something that happens frequently is this : SPEAKER 1
 I 'm commenting after downloading this book in February 2012 , so I do n't know if changes were made between some of the earlier reviews and when I saw it -- if so , they seem to have been changes for the worse . I was encouraged to buy this edition because of the advertised `` apocryphal '' or hard-to-find plays , not sure I had them in my grandmother 's hardcover edition of Shakespeare.The problems start with the `` quick-linking table of contents '' , which is , in fact , almost useless . It refers to each play by the words `` the end '' which are printed above the title to signify the conclusion of the previous work , and then proceeds to create an index point for any page where a capitalized heading was found . The play 's actual title may or may not also have been indexed . For example , one index point is labeled A COURTEZAN , which happens to be a capitalized stand-alone line in the Dramatis Personae for `` A Comedy of Errors '' . I started to create a key for the table of contents in a Word document for my own use , but it is almost not worth the trouble.There are various places where headings are printed twice in succession in the text of the play , such as PROLOGUE PROLOGUE for the Prologue of the `` Life of King Henry V '' . These repeats are not in any hardcover text - why are they in this Kindle edition?I have not been able to read the plays yet because I am so distracted and put off by these flaws that many people might consider minor , but which really detract from the readibility of the text . I will look around -- perhaps another publisher has done a better job .
 PLEASE do n't buy this edition.I just read a few pages of Cymbeline and it 's BAD . The spelling is all wrong -LRB- come on , it 's not olde english when the u 's and v 's are switched and `` for '' is written as `` forre '' and `` he '' is `` hee '' -RRB- and the formatting is terrible.When I googled a line -LRB- just to make sure it was n't just me -RRB- I found an online text and I 'm pretty sure the `` publishers '' just copied and pasted the text from online to make the book . Let 's put it this way ... Let 's pretend that you paid someone to type out each play and sold the final result . Who cares if you misspell words , leave no periods , and jumble names together . RIGHT ? I mean honestly , that 's what this `` book '' looks like.I deleted it from my Kindle , pretty disgusted with the purchase . I could understand if it was free -LRB- * look up Hamlet or the more popular plays individually , they might be free * -RRB- but I mean I could have bought at least a McDouble and an apple pie or a cookie with 1.99 . I 'd rather be eating a McDouble and an apple pie.So I downloaded the OrangeSkyProject team versionThe Complete Works of William Shakespeare -LSB- with active TOC -RSB- because it 's $ 1.99 as well and it 's working much better . Formatting is much better and the spelling seems alright . The only downside is scrolling through the table of contents which is arranged alphabetically but I do n't think it matters once you get to the play you want . ** Oh and to everyone
 Thomas Hoving was an arrogant jerk . He despised people who did n't know a lot about the art world and did little to hide that contempt . I would n't buy this book simply because his photo is on the front .
 My husband and I are planning a trip to Europe with our teenaged kids this summer , and I had hoped to refresh my very faded memories of the Humanities class I took in High School , and get useful info that I could convey to my kids regarding the art we will be touring this summer . Unfortunately this book is not really helping . The descriptions are all over the place - for each art style or era or artist , he highlights selected works , maybe two or three , as good examples - but rarely shows a photo of what he is describing , and when he does the b/w photos are uselessly small and grainy . It is not helpful to me to say , for example , that the two most important examples of Uppity-Up style can be found in Turkey and Egypt - and then not show the photo of them . When will I ever get to see those ? It 's a big deal for us to go to London ! Forget the Nile ! Rather , I 'd love to have a listing of more accessible examples , with references to the best but inaccessible pieces in case I 'm a real globe trotter.Another gripe - he spends a great deal of time early in the book telling us that the stereotypes of art are false - it 's not pretentious , it 's not accessible only to the rich , it 's not hard to get the `` meaning '' from a piece , etc. . Then the rest of the book is written in a very dry , scholarly style . He tells us we have to travel all over the place to see the best stuff . He also seems to brag about the pieces of art that he has had access to that most people in the world will never be able to see . What 's the use of that ? If that 's not pretentious , I do n't know what is.This book is not scratching my itch , and certainly is not helping me find ways to educate my -LRB- bored with art -RRB- teenagers .
 I bought this book based on strong recommendations around the internet . Granted the subject is broad , but the book hardly scratches the surface . In the first chapters we are instructed to expose ourselves to as much art as we can -- daily , if possible . Here the author does a good job of de-mystifying art history for the layperson.Unfortunately the remaining chapters add little or nothing to this . Readers are treated to extremely terse descriptions of the art of different periods and the history behind it . Instead of providing a more thorough historical context , the author instead wastes our time with stories of his triumphs during his time as curator.As others have noted , the lack of images in this book is its greatest weakness . Despite the fact that I can go online and find images of the works the author describes , I soon grew tired of entering names into Google image search . Why not just place an image on the page ? Even a small black-and-white image is better than nothing at all.I ca n't imagine an appropriate audience for this book . I expect it would be extremely confusing for complete novices . For people like me who can spot a Chagall or a Klimt , but who lack formal art history education , the book comes across as vacuous.Sadly , I 'm still on the lookout for a decent introduction to art history that wo n't put me to sleep .
 I have to disagree with any reviewer who says it 's okay for an ART book not to have lots of illustrations ! This book has very few illustrations , most of them in black and white - and the color ones are too small and are not good reproductions . If the writing were really good , I might be able to overlook the lack of illustrations , but it 's just mediocre . The information is very basic and disjointed .
 What about reading about an artwork : `` This painter is in its best . His paint is full of movement and color , and it represents the best of this period of the art . `` And then you look for the picture and did not find it . Or in the best case scenario , you find a small , black and white , pale picture of the paint.That 's what happens in this book.Disappointing : - -LRB-
 What about reading about an artwork : `` This painter is in its best . His paint is full of movement and color , and it represents the best of this period of the art . `` And then you look for the picture and did not find it . Or in the best case scenario , you find a small , black and white , pale picture of the paint.That 's what happens in this book.Disappointing : - -LRB-
 I give Art for Dummies one star for its one good piece of advice
 Reading `` Art for Dummies '' was an exciting experience but also so frustrating that on occasion I almost sent the book flying towards the wall . On the plus side
 An interesting author who knows his art but I found this a frustrating book to read because Hoving describes one great piece of artwork after another but only a small number are actually illustrated . Even a bad picture is better than no picture . The author tries his best but the beauty of words just do n't measure up to the beauty of the artwork . Next time , the publisher should spend a couple of extra bucks and put in a few more pictures for us dummies out there who are not as knowledgeable as Hoving . They have , to their credit , included some nice color pages in the front and end of the book .
 I 'm usually a big fan of the Dummies books , but this one frustrated me to no end . Everyone else has already complained about the lack of decent pictures , and they are right
